I signed up for HN over 2 years ago, made one post, then promptly forgot my login. I've tried on a few occasions to remember, but this is the incentive I needed to finally figure it out - thanks. Disclaimer: I've never done an industrial-class password hash, but the salts you show match my understanding of good practice. Coincidentally this was posted on HN today, and it takes issue with the hashing method rather than the salt: http://codahale.com/how-to-safely-store-a-password/ Grados are old-school ugly, but they sound fantastic and don't completely block out the world. I have the SR60. I keep seeing this "problem" come up, but I don't understand how it's realistic. If you have a function that modifies a parameter as a side effect, why would you have a default value for the parameter? And since the site's comments seem to be taken over by link spam, is this mention on Hacker News just a clever way to juice the Google rank of said spam? How is that possible? I thought that a generic word in common use couldn't be trademarked at all. Is the system really that broken? First step, talk to a lawyer. Don't trust anything you read on the internet, including what comes next - I am not a lawyer, and even if I were I am not your lawyer. I find it funny that the letter talks about copyright and making copies. You can't copyright a name, although you can certainly trademark it. uspto.gov has a trademark search function. And there's no better reward for the prankster than taking your freak-out public. The link ends up at a paywall. Sorry, can't be bothered. Interesting tech, but calling it 300 DPI is a bit dishonest. It takes 2 pixels to get the full color gamut, so your effective resolution is cut in half. If you have a programmers.stackexchange.com account, you might want to put a vote in here: http://programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/47197/are-the... I guess Bing has a little catching up to do in its misspelling detection. I've often been glad I'm not a lawyer. Could you imagine writing code (a contract) that you can't test before putting into production, and running it on a processor (Judge) that would execute it inconsistently from every other processor? The more useful BitCoin becomes, the more of a threat it becomes to the governments of the world. You'll be creating a huge lightning rod. The two most likely outcomes are BitCoin is a flop and so are you, or the government shuts you down. Not very promising prospects. The peak always comes just before the decline. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. The best way is to point out real-life bad outcomes. It's a bit difficult because they tend to be hushed over. Here's one example, I'm sure nobody had access to their database either: http://www.bankinfosecurity.asia/articles.php?art_id=2415 No question I'd talk to a lawyer before trying to integrate this service into my own product. Already discussed: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2687680 Is it the work "TODO" which has been trademarked, or just the graphic associated with it? If it's the word, I'm disgusted - words and phrases in common usage shouldn't be eligile for trademark. Bitter much? The value of a college education hasn't changed in a long time. It has never been a guarantee of a job. It has never been the only way to learn things. The only thing that has changed is the cost: the price of college has outpaced inflation for many many years. Only a small part of your rant covered that aspect. Success comes to those who demonstrate their worth. A degree is only a part of that process. You're going to get a huge amount of selection bias in a poll like this. The people most likely to try out Google+ are the ones who were already looking for an alternative to Facebook. You could simply open the footnote in a new tab, then the only effort to returning would be to close the tab. Or better just leave it open for the next footnote you come to. Citations go 20 years before that: http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/Citations:automagical#English Unfortunately the P&T office has gone stark raving mad. And nobody will step up to overturn these because that costs money, and who will fight for something they can't own either? I just turned on showdead but I still can't see anything at the link. Even if the patent has expired, copyright is still in place. You can't use the code unless it was placed in the public domain by the author or you have been granted a license. You could however write your own code that expresses the same algorithm. Nothing about this protects you from violating any other patents. The patent may be expired, but an enhancement to it might be granted a new patent, and your implementation might inadvertently infringe on the enhancement. There may also be cases where two patents cover the same algorithm. Be careful about assuming a patent has expired, terms have changed in the past and you have to consider foreign patents as well. Like a virus scanner. Or a virus. Shouldn't you be asking GoDaddy instead of us? Seems like a simple problem to resolve unless they're actively ignoring you. Old joke: "Being a founder means you can work half-days if you want. The best part is you get to choose which 12 hours that is." Your relationship with your customer(s) should be your number one priority. With a 1 year head start you should be the premier option, it would be interesting to find out what caused this defection. If you strongarm them back to you, what will be the long-term consequences? Deleting a ton of emails is one sign of a hacked account, and Google has been trying to add safeguards lately. They're probably waiting for you to contact them, at which point you'll have to jump through hoops to prove you're the rightful owner. The current system works well enough and is unlikely to be replaced, ever. 1) Append .com and see where it takes you. 2) Let a search engine figure it out. And tell me again why this belongs on HackerNews? The devices exist already, except they're all running Android. It shouldn't take more than a few tweaks to get WebOS running instead. Any HW manufacturer could try it to test the waters, and if they're first it would be good PR. Ironically the site features don't work in IE8. I went back to the link and couldn't find that disclaimer. Can you tell me where it is? Edit: never mind, it's not on the linked page, it's on the parent page. And how was I supposed to know that? I think ultimately the worst thing will be the unintended consequences, but those are hard to predict before they happen - and don't fit conveniently into a sound bite. Naturally there are always applications that can use more raw power, but the article focuses on those segments and I think that's misguided. The real growth powered by Moore's Law in the immediate future will be processors that are lower power and cheaper, not faster. The success of the iPad has proven that faster processors are not what the public is clamoring for right now. Mainstream tasks really hit diminishing returns after two cores. Not that processors won't get faster, just that the transistor budget won't get used to that end exclusively. I'm pessimistic for the future of the cloud on mobile devices, because we'll reach a bandwith limit. As the frequencies fill up the pipes are going to get more sluggish over time, unlike the trends we see in other tech sectors. Reminds me of the children's book "Something for Nothing" which took the principle a step further. When some cats started trashing a dog's house just for fun, he offered to pay them to do it. The next day he paid more but made them work harder for it. And again etc. Finally he said he had no more money, and the intrinsic motivation of the rogue cats was gone - he never saw them again. Reason 1: past success is the best predictor of future success. With no track record you can't be evaluated. Reason 2: there are certain things that can be only learned by experience. If you have no experience, you haven't learned those things yet. A VC or Angel knows they're taking a risk that you won't be able to handle the job, so they spread their investments over a lot of companies hoping to find that diamond in the rough. Even so they're not going to hand over money to everyone who asks for it, you need to prove yourself to them through some means other than experience. Look at how tough it is to get into YC for example. I have a friend who worked as a programmer until a bad case of burnout coincided with a layoff. He's been driving for a delivery service for at least 10 years now. I've never heard of Deja Vu harming anyone, but I'm not a doctor. Maybe you should start by talking to someone who is. Have you been taking care of yourself? Getting enough sleep? You're blaming Apple because the different carriers all decided on incompatible RF standards? You're blaming Apple because your carrier doesn't offer a family data plan, and you refuse to consider a wifi-only iPad? I think you're ranting in the wrong direction, and in the wrong place. I thought this would be a perfect chance to try http://octopart.com/ but no luck there. Sorry. There are a few states that have laws covering this situation, otherwise it probably depends on the agreements you signed when you were hired. stackoverflow.com/questions/401269/states-having-nonassignable-invention-exceptions-similar-to-california-code-sect I don't know what the default is in cases where there's no explicit agreement, but this outcome seems possible. www.dilbert.com/2009-01-22/ Forgive me that the links aren't clickable, I'm having trouble submitting this comment and I suspect it's a bozo filter that I'm tripping. I think this is missing the difference between grabbing your Facebook login and using Facebook's OpenID capability. The only piece of information StackOverflow gets back from Facebook is the fact that you're logged in there. Does the Linux disk cache push out pages that are used by running applications? I believe Windows does it, though I can't state that for a fact. How well does it work with formatted email? The problem is coming up with a scaling algorithm that works ideally on every kind of image; it simply can't be done. Some methods work better for some images, and other methods work better on others. Wikipedia has a good overview: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Image_scaling The scaling in the browser has to work on any arbitrary resizing, not just 2x. A simple pixel doubling only works in one specific circumstance, and would be inconsistent with other scaled images. I've always felt that reputation is an imperfect proxy for how helpful you've been, which is the important thing in the end. That screen shot is a much more direct measure - you should be proud of it! Unfortunately, justice doesn't scale. Or at least they haven't found a way to automate it yet. I get the feeling from what I've seen online that they just decided to accept a certain rate of false positives. From their point of view one less seller doesn't make a whole lot of difference. Obviously things look different from your end. This is exactly why Jeff Atwood was wrong. If you can solve your own problem instead of having to communicate it to someone else, you've taken away 75% of the impediment to a solution. Yes, context is key. My implied context was small problems that can be solved with just a little bit of programming. If the problem is big enough to require a team then a different approach is required. People deal with small problems or questions all the time. If you can answer your own question using less effort than it would require you to communicate the question to someone else, you're ahead. http://dilbert.com/strips/comic/2000-08-19/ It also has HDMI. They should have dropped the VGA and saved a buck. If you don't have a young girl you might not appreciate the link between "Pinkie Pie" and "Pwnie": http://mlp.wikia.com/wiki/Pinkie_Pie The wording is rude, but I'm sure that's because it's an off-the-cuff answer. The concept is valid though - advertise up-front that the lowest cost option does not include free support. You can add a 4th option with a link where users can ask for help from other users. Have they backpedaled at all on their decision to not build executables for XP? I couldn't find any mention on the Jason Zander blog, so I assume not. You'll miss out on some C++11 features. That might be a good thing though, we've already run into a vector bug in VS2010 because of it. That's half the answer. In reality much of the efficiency gain due to technology is going to the employer rather than the employee. Even if you were content with a 1960's lifestyle, it would take more hours to support than the technology gains would suggest. The link appears to be down now, either it served its nefarious purpose or it's a victim of its own success. The marked answer may be changed, so there's still hope. The problem is when the question is asked by someone who won't be back to see your new awesome answer because they've already moved on. There are many ways to get to a blog page - Google for one, Hacker News for another. You really need some way to put it into context. Why lose the opportunity to introduce another potential user to your service? That's only due to the age of the question. If a similar one were asked today it would be shut down before it got 2 answers. No, I'm not saying there should be explicit text in the blog. I'm saying there should be a link somewhere on the page that takes you to the home page or "About Us" or "More about ". That's good design practice for any web site, because there's no telling how someone landed on your page. Finding a leaf node shouldn't leave you stranded. I nearly burst out laughing when I read "Hacker Noise". Seeing the breakdown from 1900 makes me very worried about the reports of TB strains that can't be cured by any known antibiotic. E.G. http://www.wired.com/wiredscience/2012/01/invincible-tb-indi... They're using the Craigslist reputation and page views indirectly. The information is only on Craigslist because people placed it there, and what was their reason for choosing Craigslist in the first place? Reputation and page views. How does simple zooming produce that horribly mangled graphic on the left of that screenshot? That seems like a deficiency in your browser. I don't think anti-aliasing is the explanation. I had a look at the GIF zoomed up in Paint.NET and there's nothing unusual about it, just the gray triangle with some lighter-shade pixels around the edges. I think the browser has a flaw when enlarging images with transparency - eliminating the transparency around the arrow would probably fix everything. Craigslist clearly states that they don't own the data. But just because they don't own it doesn't make it public domain - the ownership belongs to the person who created the listing. To be totally free to repost the data you would need to get explicit permission from each owner. I'm sure Craigslist is counting on nobody bothering to read the fine print. As long as they don't start enforcing the clause on individuals there won't be any outcry outside of tech circles, and nobody's going to notice the difference. If you refuse to sign away your rights on principle you'll just be locking yourself out of the market. The genesis of this was back in 2006 when Microsoft started requiring graphics board/chip makers to keep some aspects of their design secret, to support DRM in Vista. That includes hardware details and code, i.e. open source drivers. See http://www.cs.auckland.ac.nz/~pgut001/pubs/vista_cost.html I'm actually quite glad that adequate drivers are available, even if they're not open source. That outcome wasn't guaranteed. Which leaves the question, was the cut in IT a cause or a symptom? It could have been the last in a long line of bad decisions; I can't see this bringing down a company all by itself. If there are people making money off those HFT trades, then somebody else is losing money. It's a persistent tax on the entire market. Just because it's in the background where you can't see it doesn't mean it isn't affecting you. I find too many web pages go the other way and use a light gray for the text. The text looks washed out. Too little contrast is as bad as too much. The new Retina displays for the Macbook should fix that problem nicely. You'll get sharpness and beauty at the same time. Interesting link, thanks. And I notice that the site uses #222 for the text color. I think it has more to do with expected outcomes. It's hard to argue that a + operator on a string or matrix class is a bad idea, because the outcome is intuitively obvious. For the other extreme see boost spirit for C++, which I'm sure was written by excellent coders. I think he misclassified exceptions. A true conservative avoids exceptions and uses error code returns instead. Serif fonts have been under-represented for years, because our displays just aren't good enough to do them justice. When the pendulum swings, it always swings too far - look for serif fonts to become the next big thing. Personally I think this prediction is a little premature because the retina displays aren't widespread yet. I've got my eye on Open Sans for the near future. Half the bandwidth with no quality loss is a pretty bold claim. Bold enough to be unbelievable - it's not like the existing codecs are doing a horrible job. Data rates are easily measurable, so I'd guess that "no quality loss" is an exaggeration. Anybody have any data on this? The site name implies Helvetica, but uses Arial in the examples. Anybody who knows the difference will never come back. One of the points in the article is that Microsoft can't predict the future, and might miss a hundred-million dollar opportunity because they don't recognize it. Today there's nothing to stop someone from exploiting that opportunity regardless of Microsoft's blindness, but that won't be true in the future. So they're lying when they say it can play 1080p videos - the screen is barely larger than 720. The sale of one iPad makes up for a LOT of lost sales in the app store. I'm sure it doesn't bother them yet. Re side loading - I thought Windows 8 RT was locked down as much as an iPad? You can't load anything unless it comes from the Windows store, right? And you can't root the device either. A modern keyboard re-imagining should ditch the caps lock entirely. When's the last time you found it useful? Putting flash into the physical address space isn't likely to be practical due to their block based nature. One of his comments far down the page just struck me: "It's ignorant people like you that hold back the rest of the world. Please just disconnect yourself, move to Pennsylvania, and become Amish. The world does not need another ignorant web developer that makes some fixed-pixel designs. But maybe you'd be a wonder at woodcarving or churning the butter?﻿" I suspect that's because you haven't seen high enough DPI yet. The 200+ DPI that Linus calls for is really the bare minimum. "Starting tomorrow, the Acer Chromebook will be available for $199 in the U.S. on Google Play, BestBuy.com and rolling out this week in select Best Buy stores." The kind of person who has heard of FizzBuzz before is someone who cares about their profession and reads about it. They're unlikely to fail the test in the first place. For it to become common knowledge it would have to be part of a significant percentage of interview screens across the industry. Evidently that hasn't happened, and I wonder if it ever will. You don't actually need the modulus operator, although it makes things simpler. Just use (x/3)*3==x instead. Any chance this is just a smokescreen for other problems at HP? I'm not saying they're lying, but certain things like timing are under their control. I also wonder how much leeway they have for the amount of the writedown. Certainly the numbers need justification but you can always tilt the evidence to support your desired outcome. Be sure to read the follow-up: http://www.marco.org/2012/11/29/the-wrong-movement The argument is that they need no push, they act that way already. It's everybody else who needs to recognize them for what they are. "Some people only need to be introduced by their first name" - maybe so, but it would have been nice for them to mention it at least once. Yes, I was referring to the "van Rossum" part of his name. Sorry for not being clear. The example of Firefox doesn't really apply here. It succeeded because Microsoft dropped the ball and there weren't many viable alternatives. Does anybody think Apple and Google will make the same mistake? Screwing over the artists is absolutely nothing new for the music industry. I wonder what percentage of musicians made minimum wage or above under the old model? Afloat != viable. There may be some shell kept alive to take advantage of those contracts, but the chance of a renaissance is 0. If he was such a great lawyer, why is he now in publishing? I would take the word of a practicing lawyer over one who has left the field. It is the responsibility of someone in the company (not necessarily a lawyer) to think about how those legalistic terms would look before they were unleashed on the public. The company is now big enough to know better. The changes to the TOS that are promised in the blog post should have been made up front, not in response to a PR disaster. How will it bite them? The blog post has no legal bearing, and they can just claim they changed their minds - circumstances have changed, etc. Easy to misinterpret by people who aren't lawyers and judges is the implication. But when actual lawyers come out and warn you about what it really means, you need to be concerned. And then 8 months later you find out about a group that had the same plan, but got started a month before you did... 99 times out of 100, the bug is yours. Sometimes you really do run into oddball stuff though. The most memorable for me was a bug that only surfaced after you printed something - the printer driver modified the floating point rounding mode and didn't restore it, resulting in some subtle failures of floating point calculations that followed. It's bigger than that. In the film era, they were collecting a tax on every single picture taken. What part of the digital imaging process could they have taken over that would have replaced that entire revenue stream? I'm taking 100x the pictures I took 15 years ago because the incremental cost has all but disappeared. They were doomed before they even started, and I doubt there's a management decision that could have prevented it. Tell me, how did you arrive at the 100% off figure without getting a divide-by-zero error? This line towards the end has a wonderful meta cleverness about it: "The analogy is flawed, and that's ok: it's a raft to use, and leave behind once we cross the river." Not sure when this came out, because none of these essays are dated - this one is near the bottom of the list. But I like it! Assembly: binary is too low-level. Thanks to whoever updated the title. One thing I never see mentioned is the awkwardness of the metric names. The older measurements are all one syllable, while their metric replacements are often three or four. mile -> kilometer inch -> centimeter pound -> kilogram The only one that comes out even is ounce -> gram. Obviously it's not a huge impediment since many other countries got past it, but I'm sure it just adds to the discomfort people have with it. I wonder if you were seeing the first choice "Mrs Eaves" or the backup Georgia? Or perhaps you're on a high resolution display? The combination of font and size does seem a bit extreme to me. Is there any reason to keep Java on your browser anymore? I can't remember the last time I needed it. OK, WebEx is a counter-example that I've heard of and used. Is there a version that doesn't require Java? Thank goodness for VMs? Keep a browser with Java isolated in its own sandbox. A little OT, but seeing his posts end with "You should follow me on twitter here" makes me very sad. It's a constant reminder of what we'll miss. This is non news. What else were they going to do? That very link was at the bottom of his original response. Presumably the problem wasn't in asking for funds, the problem was in explaining why the funds were necessary. I read a recent story, probably linked here on HN, about how standard procedure for the Justice dept. is to freeze all your funds so you can't afford adequate representation, then dump so much paperwork on you that you have no chance to defend yourself. All of this would have been facts related to the case which the judge could easily gag. Not really, just pointing out the obvious. I was surprised to find it on the front page of HN. Even more surprised to find responses to this comment. Edit: found it, http://www.forbes.com/sites/harveysilverglate/2013/01/03/bla... A better link is one contained in the article, straight from Google: http://google-latlong.blogspot.com/2013/01/never-ass-ume.htm... Interesting aesthetic, but there's no way it won't look out of place with all the wires sticking out of it. And I think I'd want something more durable than cardboard for the case. I don't think Goodwill even takes them anymore, they just end up paying to send them to the dump in the end. Their value has actually gone negative. Would love to know where you're finding those - the cheapest at Newegg is $120. The pun appears to be the work of whoever submitted the link, the proper page title is "Asteroid-Mining Project Aims for Deep-Space Colonies". The replies to this comment are missing your point. It's not just the power of the FM signal, it's the amount of extraneous junk outside the FM band that will be a problem. This is a very dirty signal generator. I saw it done in the '70s with a PDP-8. In this case being licensed means getting an independent opinion that you know what you're doing. If you don't, you might "be an ass and interfere with others" without even knowing it. Great idea, but the lawyers would shoot it down immediately (if they haven't already). The terms of a settlement would just have a clause preventing them from offering such a bounty. The phrase "rearranging the deck chairs on the Titanic" comes to mind. This ties in perfectly with another link presented on HN today: http://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2013/01/power_and_the_... A backdoor that bricks the device, but only if it's the first packet received, isn't terribly useful. The more plausible explanation is that it's a bug that was introduced by the actual backdoor that still remains undiscovered. It was his IT skills that got him the big sale to Yahoo that got him the bucks to start YC. Not sure where this comment came from. Interesting screen aspect ratio of 3:2, halfway between the 4:3 of yore and the nearly inescapable 16:9 widescreen. It seems like a nice compromise, better than 16:10 if height is important to you. I wonder how long it will be before other manufacturers pick it up? And you would have gotten an instant fail on the "cultural fit" criteria. Merge sort is a bad example - it can actually be useful in real life, because the library sort functions are limited to what will fit in memory while merge sort is not. It's also simple enough to keep in your head without needing to look it up. I've had to code it up on the job more than once. Just as a logic puzzle might be a bad predictor of how you'll perform on the job, it's probably also a bad predictor of the quality of the company doing the asking. It's probably Lorem Ipsum, which is commonly used when you want to focus on layout rather than meaning. Since the text is meaningless it won't be distracting, yet it looks close enough to real to be useful. See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lorem_ipsum Any reason to believe this is deliberate on Apple's part and not just some Bayesian filter trained with real spam? "Google has never appeared particularly concerned..." seems to be a recurring theme. The company was designed to work at large scale, and individual problems don't get the attention they would at more customer-oriented companies. My math for downtime per month works out a little differently: (1-0.9995)x30x24x60 = 21.6 minutes. Still I mostly agree with you. If you have real work to do it's not unusual to use a bluetooth keyboard. For occasional use I'm sure it's fine. So I hope that non-scrolling headers make it into an early version. USB drives aren't a solution either. How do you think Stuxnet got started? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stuxnet#Windows_infection Self-driving cars wouldn't need the jack-rabbit acceleration and deceleration characteristics that drive sales of US cars, and so would probably be more efficient even without the heroic technology of hybrids. If we ever got to the point of self-driving taxis rather than owning your own car, right-sizing would drive the efficiencies even further - if you're just commuting by yourself, call for a single-occupant tiny car rather than driving an oversized hunk of metal down the road. The wires that were run for telephones aren't always appropriate for high-speed usage. When you have to design for lowest common denominator this becomes a real burden. That is an incredible number - I'd love to see a citation. The best choice for a hub is someplace that large numbers of people would use as their destination. Chicago fits the bill much better than anywhere else in the middle of the country. There's a reason O'Hare is one of the busiest airports in the nation. The problem is that in a fight between Moore's Law and Amdahl's Law, Amdahl will win. Extra cores reach diminishing returns very quickly. Interestingly enough Google just introduced their halo device, the Chromebook Pixel. It seems somebody believes in the concept. I love StackOverflow: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/11978912/how-to-protect-a... It wasn't clear to me that "YC partner" meant somebody working at YC, rather than a VC firm that had a formal relationship with YC. The satire went completely over my head on first reading. > being stupid help solve BIG problems. Many new things were invented by people who had no idea how large the problems were when they started. > Bandaging peoples irrational fears might simply not be a very viable business model. Are you kidding? It's one of the best business models ever. In this case I think you have it backwards. Instant charging isn't bandaging a fear, because you rightly make the point that the fear of running out of power is already covered by ensuring the device has sufficient capacity for the worst case. Indeed it will create a new fear: forgetting or not being in a position to top off the charge when necessary. How hard is it to install ECC memory into a random desktop computer? Are they all compatible with it? Do you have to change BIOS settings? But aren't you also fighting many years of bad precedents in that district? And now we get meta-spam, spam about the spam i.e. this rant. I haven't seen any April Fools jokes on the front page of HN, the mods must be prepared for it. I suspect this page will go away soon as well. It's one thing to put a joke up on a blog page, another thing entirely for it to come via email. I think most companies have more sense than that. No, not parody. They've been discussed here on HN many times before, here's just one example: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4454852 The article makes it very clear - AAVE is superficially the same as General American English so neither the teachers or the students realize that that the kids need to speak two different languages. Instead you have the teachers insisting that there's only one language and they're using it incorrectly. That's quite a bit different from the German and Norwegian your grandparents had to deal with. I'd love to see the Sun included on the opposite side of the scale. Its diameter is 109 times that of earth, making it 10900 pixels. Would be just as impressive a demonstration. Be sure to read the follow-up: http://codesuppository.blogspot.com/2013/04/some-clarificati... My favorite part is at the end, where he gives news stories just from today about 3 gaming companies laying off masses of people. I tried simulating it, and it's just enough curvature to get the point across. Assuming I didn't have a bug of course. It's also quite possible that someone unauthorized put the picture on a site with a permissive license. That's an easy explanation for how this came about. I really do doubt that Disney or anyone representing them intended to steal this image. I can vouch for their service. I once lost my rental car keys while at one of the Disneyworld hotels, and I got no help from the rental company aside from the key code. The Disney folks sent one of their locksmiths to help me and he tried about half a day to make a key that would start the car. His dedication and attitude were remarkable. Is it my imagination, or have prices stalled at $1/GB for a while now? Where's Moore's Law when you need it? "Sex Machine" is a whole lot sexier. It gave me a chuckle. The original title wasn't the greatest either, probably engineered to be link-bait. Nobody cares how fast you can get power out of the thing, they care how much total energy it holds - and the article is clear that it is comparable or slightly worse than current technology. The reason DMCA takedowns work so well as scare letters is that you can get in real trouble for ignoring them. It's not worth the risk. The complexities go far beyond just knowing the rates for each jurisdiction and arranging for payment. Naturally there's going to be a call for some kind of compliance testing. How are you going to catch the cheaters when you don't have access to their financial records, as you would if the business was in your state? Even just the rates themselves can get complicated. Minnesota for example doesn't tax clothing or food, but the specifics of what's included aren't clear - candy bars for example aren't considered food and are taxed. How is somebody from another state supposed to figure this out even with software help? I noticed the $1 million exemption for small businesses. How will that work? If you sell for 11 months without collecting taxes then find yourself going viral around Christmastime and crossing the $1 million mark unexpectedly, are you suddenly liable for all those prior sales? So what happens when the stars align against you and 25 states decide to audit you at once? Is this the modern day equivalent of the AOL floppy? What you're looking for is digital watermarking: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Digital_watermarking The bigger problem will be with pictures that are copied without your knowledge and discovered on someone else's site. Chances are the EXIF will be stripped and there will be no way to trace it back to you. I ended up with a gas station receipt that said "1/1/100". That was the extent of it. Nice fantasy, but not practical. You'll notice that the two images shown in the sign are nearly identical. You don't want a shadow of the one image to be seen in the other or it gives the entire illusion away. Same here, mine was "golden retriever". Reminds me of the time back in the '80s, I had a day to kill so I made a breakout game in Z80 assembly. That was fun. I work with a guy who left some scathing comments in the code about the incompetence of the vendor he was forced to work with. Interesting times ensued when our company was bought by theirs and they started looking through the source. "Surely there are better ways to make money than to just rely on litigating patents." All evidence thus far points to the opposite, except for small exceptions such as suing NewEgg. That's why patent trolls are becoming such a huge problem - the process is so absurdly profitable that companies are formed simply to take advantage of it. There's no way their management are going to change their minds. Did you miss the entire point of the post? Scrollkit should have known well beforehand that the NY Times would be totally against the use of their content in this manner. That they didn't shows that they don't understand their target market at all. P.S. It's not the lawyer's job to understand what the product is or does. No matter how cheap solar energy becomes, it won't be a complete solution until the energy storage problem is solved. I don't see the same rate of progress on that. If you can't store the energy you'll need a backup that can supply the missing power when the sun isn't shining - you'll need to keep building the old fashioned power plants even if you don't run them as often. Unfortunately there's no guarantee that prices will rise at the time and pace required for efficient uptake of new technologies. The easiest way to reduce demand is to tank the economy. We got a taste of that in 2008, and I'm not looking forward to it happening again. I think you can take advantage of the extra bits for color calibration. Your source is still 8 bits, but those 8 bits are converted to 10 in a way that provides better accuracy. If it's cheap enough and doesn't produce toxic byproducts, you could get point-of-use reactors. No more need for utilities. Naturally the utilities would fight that with every fiber of their being. But doesn't everybody here dream of that kind of disruption? Yup, that's the first thing I look for in a browser - energy efficiency. Yes, but the article specifically states that the efficiency is gained by by better utilization of PC hardware. I suppose if you're using your laptop exclusively for browsing it might make a difference, but switching to a tablet would give you even more battery efficiency. Up to 3 4K displays at the same time? It seems Retina desktop monitors are on their way. I'm surprised they weren't announced at the same time. This is not the first time they've decided there are elements that don't need to be part of the base machine. Each time there were outcries but they were proven right in the end. When's the last time you needed an optical drive for example? And did you see the mention under Thunderbolt 2 of "add a PCI expansion chassis" - that's their answer for those who really really need expansion. It certainly could be a bandwidth issue. Assuming 4K=3840x2160, that's about 12 Gbits per display with 24 bits/pixel and 60 Hz. And is an external unit adequate for your needs? I understand that an internal unit might have been more convenient for you, but Apple tends to optimize for the more common needs. Apparently Apple believes that Thunderbolt 2 changes that equation. It looks to me like they've tried hard to make sure that the included GPUs are adequate for 90% of their users, at least for today. As for tomorrow their philosophy has always preferred replacing the machine rather than upgrading it piece by piece. That's not all they do with your contacts. Were you aware that they use your emails to detect people to send connection requests to? Haven't you wondered where some of those "You may know..." come from? The problem isn't with the code, it's with the people. Publish, don't publish, makes no difference. That much information is designed to be abused. So how much trouble would it have been to spin the disks down, take them out and store them in a closet somewhere and tell Kim "We know you're having financial difficulties now but you can have them back for $X when some of your funds get unlocked"? It's not like his troubles were a secret. That would eliminate the majority of the daily cost of keeping the data online. I hate to be a downer, but this is why Trademark law was invented. If you don't or can't get a trademark on your brand, it doesn't make sense to spend a lot of time, money, and energy promoting it. There are a lot of slimy people in the world, and if you aren't protected eventually one of them will take advantage. Even a trademark might not stop it, but it gives you some ammo to fight back. Maybe there's a causal relationship but it's just not obvious. See for example http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/2008/08/quantity-always-tru... In this case I don't think a trademark would be possible, being based almost entirely on another popular (possibly trademarked) phrase. Has Adecco actually tried to claim trademark for themselves? It seemed to me like the writer was conflating completely different concepts, perhaps without even realizing it. I'm sorry I wasted 2 minutes of my life reading this drivel. Evidently the quality of the education is not going up in accordance with the price. Since much of the information is used to find out who you hang out with, your strategy doesn't help as much as you think. Guilt by association, you know. Really? You must be a speed reader. The first couple of images seemed to stick around forever, but there wasn't nearly enough time to read the denser ones. It also makes a difference that it was the entire content of the page, so there were no distractions. That will never be the case on a real page. Don't know about pg, but Scott Adams has mentioned it a few times. One example: http://dilbert.com/blog/entry/author_by_relocation/ That's what I have HN for. Why not? You can't use a TV these days without a remote of some kind, and I believe a software interface on a general purpose device will actually be easier than a remote. Determining the aspect ratio of a video file seems like a simple process to automate. Anybody really think they've seriously gone looking for anomalies? Excel in particular is the Swiss army knife of corporate applications. It's capable of much more than people give it credit for. Re: "a layer of amelioration and obfuscation for every layer of management": http://ogun.stanford.edu/~bnayfeh/plan.html One could argue that the forgone licensing fees were simply a marketing expense. Was their invention of the seat belt well known by the public at any point? In any case I agree, this is an example that should be followed by many others. The question is, to whom do the benefits of automation accrue? The utopians assumed it would be distributed equally, but we all know how it really turned out - the rich get richer. There are some areas of the economy where work hours have been reduced, as a side effect of companies restricting the work week to avoid paying full-time benefits such as healthcare. These are multi function devices meant to be used by many people. If someone in your office has need to make occasional scans that need to fit in an email, isn't it natural to assume they might configure the machine for maximum compression? Why should that setting affect copies? My fear comes from a different old saying - absolute power corrupts absolutely. I've never trusted Zuckerberg. Unfortunately the passengers inside still have high inertia. It doesn't matter if the capsule stops without damage if all the people inside are crushed by G-forces. Tests don't always catch everything, especially in multi-threaded code. Something more was needed in this case. According to the NSA we already are. I'm sure this isn't the end of the story either. He'll be on the watch list now, and subject to additional scrutiny for every flight forevermore. Once they've determined he isn't carrying actual explosives he shouldn't be considered a threat anymore. The detection machine might single you out for additional searching, but once the search is complete you should be free to go. I didn't say anything about trust. What I meant was he wasn't a threat to that particular flight. If the aim of the TSA is to keep a plane from blowing up, they've already accomplished it. Anything beyond that is just a fishing expedition. Given that they know their tests will detect compounds that aren't explosives this seems over the top. There's a problem with "getting a cure out quickly". For most diseases that's simply impossible - is there a cure for SARS yet? The best you can do is slow down the spread. If you detect it quickly enough hopefully you'll stop it. It's entirely possible that he recognized the threat but had to denigrate it for public consumption. But even if he says exactly that in his memoirs, nobody will believe him. It's all about the effortlessness that comes when you do start typing. You want it to be as automatic as possible so you're not wasting any of your attention on it. If a keyboard lets you type faster or with fewer typos, that's a win. P.S. I prefer the mechanical switches but I had to give mine up for the sake of my wife, who was driven batty by the noise. I've never understood the appeal of wireless keyboards. They don't move, so once the wire is placed it just doesn't matter. I doubt that losing a child has ever been less than awful no matter how many you have. Maybe Stephan Elop will be the successor to Steve Ballmer? I'll let you know if I see any pigs flying. If the same serial number keeps popping up, you can generally assume it's been compromised. What kind of "unexpected reasons" could possibly cause this problem? Perhaps they did a simulation but there was a bug in the software? If you read the article on the Las Vegas building, you'll see that they expected some kind of window coating to counteract the problem but found after the fact that it didn't work. There are 1000 different reasons why the actual outcome might not match up with initial projections. I think it's naive to assume that they didn't think about the problem at all. Edit: after reading some of the other comments, perhaps I'm the naive one. Interesting thread. Wouldn't be worth it for the few days a year it's focused on that one particular spot. If the solar panels could move with the sun, then you'd have something. Unfortunately it's not inelastic, we saw this in 2008. As prices go up the economy tanks, as the economy goes down demand goes down. He's not allowed to tell you. Intel isn't stupid. While their current success is largely due to Microsoft, they know the "Windows tax" won't be viable forever. They're rabidly competitive and will do whatever it takes to come up on top. That's a stage name, as you can easily see from his Wikipedia page. Inspired by the equipment he was using. I don't think the capitalization would have helped, it's too subtle. I too was wondering what a game had to do with a C++ compiler. The 1920x1280 Nook HD+ is now available for $149. I checked NewEgg and only 7 laptops met that resolution, and 5 of them are from Apple - the cheapest is $1399. The problem here is Microsoft, not Intel. They never figured out a way to make sure that things looked consistently good on a high resolution display. When the OEMs all decided to piggyback on the TV industry and declared 1920x1080 was "high end", that nailed the coffin. As desirable as windows are, they're also conductors of heat/cold. I'll bet that office is uncomfortable and very expensive to run. You may not be able to make it look good at all resolutions, but it's often adequate to make it look good at some minimum and anything above. You can do that without hinting. I switched to Chrome recently because Firefox was growing overnight to the point where it started thrashing and becoming unusable. I just checked and it says I already have the latest version. This recent change must not be the whole story. Already been done. Remember Stuxnet? Apples to apples: how many car fires are started because the car is old and not in good repair? I'll bet the rate is much lower for gasoline cars less than a year old. We'll just have to wait to see how 10-year-old Teslas hold up. Check out some of the replies on the page. It seems that under certain not-rare circumstances, Visual Studio itself will generate paths longer than 260 characters. A company that loses marketshare quickly is likely to declare bankruptcy - the two are not uncorrelated. Be careful what you wish for. No I wouldn't. My detectors are wired, and moving them means rewiring, which means tearing apart the entire ceiling. Not gonna happen, not by me and not by anybody I need to pay to do it. Luckily my builder wasn't a dumbass. I think that's highly unlikely. Easy to test for though with the right test image. Does anybody know if SSD is subject to the same delayed sync issue? When Toyota started doing recalls on floor mats to get rid of unintended acceleration, I assumed they had no idea what the real problem was. I always suspected something like this. That's the genius of Apple's Retina - they jumped straight from 1x to 2x with nothing in between. Even multiples are much easier to work with and give a better user experience. You misunderstand. Tim Cook wouldn't have gotten the job in the first place if the board had thought he would shy away from such a decision. The rationale in the article was perfectly reasonable to me. A px should be a physical pixel or whatever integer multiple makes for comfortable viewing, with all the other measurements allowed to be non-integer. Anything sized in px would then be both sensibly sized and scaled with good fidelity. HTML was never intended to let you draw with that level of precision. It should still do something more sensible than arbitrary scaling if every link in the chain implements things as intended. HTML+CSS is designed to make things as device-independent as possible. If the definition of "width: 100px" were to be vastly different on different devices this goal would be unobtainable. As long as the definition of px is some integer multiple of device pixels I think it's a useful compromise. If you really need precision at the level of device pixels you should be writing a native app. Perhaps, but it's one thing to have your data stolen in secret vs. handing it over voluntarily. There are bosses who will do this just so they can have some sense of power over you, never mind whether they actually need the results or not. Pray you never have one of those. That's scary - my children would do that naturally and I'm not sure I would be able to convince them of the seriousness of it beforehand. Right now I can't even get to microsoft.com. Something big is happening. Meaning: we haven't tested it yet, so of course we've seen no adverse effects. Our local Chili's has had this system for a while now. It hasn't reduced our interactions with the waitron, we still order and pay our bill face to face. If anything it has increased their load as the kids keep badgering them for an extra console or for help when one locks up. Interestingly enough their pilot installation is right next door to a municipal water tower which is bristling with cell antennae. PC life cycles are lengthening as Moore's Law stops delivering improvements that matter to everyday use. The OS must have matching life cycles or the disconnect will be unpleasant to say the least. Microsoft is already losing the consumer to tablets and such, they shouldn't piss off their corporate clients too. It's too late for that, unless there's a lawsuit. Reading the original post, this would run afoul of the rules too. Getting them to take it down is more trouble than it's worth, even if it works. You'll be playing whack-a-mole all day long. Ideally you want them not to use it in the first place, and a visible watermark accomplishes that. Would it be possible to have two images, a thumbnail submitted to Google and a full-size one with watermark to display on your web site? And would you berate Edward Snowden for the "valuable government resources" that surely have been spent on his behalf? Somebody has to be willing to document the abuses of our system, and I'm glad he did it. Treating an entire group of individuals as criminals is bound to be a self-fulfilling prophecy. Between confirmation bias and people living up to expectations you are guaranteed to see what you expected to see. To believe in the rule of law you must believe the law is fair, and large numbers of people see every day that it is not. Whenever I see a problem that just has to be a compiler or hardware bug, I keep digging in my code because I know I'm wrong. 99% of the time that turns out to be the case. The oil boom is real and welcome, and wasn't at all obvious when the article was written in 2010. Unfortunately it only postpones the day of reckoning. We're still dependent on foreign oil, just less so than predicted. Our economy is almost entirely dependent on the amount of oil we can consume. There's no reason to believe these factors will affect the US to a greater degree than any other nation. My experience is that programmers.stackexchange is even more militant about closing questions than stackoverflow. I guess they got tired of receiving all of the unwanted garbage and it makes them extra sensitive. So eventually the system was self correcting. Unfortunately that may be too late to redeem the site in the eyes of the contributor. Short term you're probably right. Longer term I think tablet capabilities will increase to a point that is unimaginable today. Meanwhile the contraction in PC sales will absolutely stall the innovation that PCs will need to compete. > I'm quite sure it's not the intented one. Don't be so sure - remember who makes the big political contributions. Facial recognition requires a closed mouth. Standards organizations are adopting rules that make facial recognition possible. My favorite part is where the $275 USB cable is described as "mid-priced". I subscribed to The Absolute Sound for many years, and found it to be useful in many respects. If you're going to put together a sound system that sounds anywhere close to realistic you need to be open minded and insanely dedicated. In this case though it seems clear they've gone off the deep end. This was much more important in the early days of CD players, when there was no buffering between the signal and the D/A converter. The timing of the signal could definitely influence the timing of the conversion, which would change the waveform in a subtle way that could be audible. Except when the socket is vertical instead of horizontal. One of the advantages of working in UTF-8 is that if your code is broken, you find out about it right away - as soon as someone enters an accented character. If your UTF-16 code is broken you might not find it in testing. You missed one key point of the article, this is only practical if it's the only machine you use. When you try to switch between an "innovative" keyboard and a "normal" keyboard you'll go batty. Don't feel bad, I think porn was the "killer app" for the early internet. Not faring so badly on today's internet either. The thing I hate about the ribbon is that it's not linear - you can't scan it like a drop-down menu. It's a lot harder to find something if you don't already know where it is. He missed a big one: price. It needs to come down. Windows is now much too large a percentage of the PC price. I had always assumed that 8 bits per primary were enough to make the transitions between levels invisible, until I was shown a counter example similar to the author's. I verified with an image editor that the bands were indeed only 1 LSB apart. Given that 8 bits isn't perfect, even if there's no further processing involved, it's reasonable to set a higher goal. I think the point was that even when you get 8 bits, it's closer to 7.7 real life because of the reduced range. Of course that's only in YCbCr, not RGB. Shouldn't said lawyers have made sure there was an expiration date on the original wording of the offer? If not on the packaging then somewhere in the fine print? In the absence of one you might successfully argue that it was open-ended. I'm very familiar with dithering, thanks. It was in that context that I was shown the example - I was wondering why anyone would feel the need to dither down to 24 bits. Any reason to believe this is real? It seems slightly impossible, like cold fusion. Thanks for taking my comment seriously. The lack of technical detail combined with the simplicity of the method just set off my BS detector. "Miracle cures just around the corner" is a constant distraction. Didn't notice that it was being published in Nature. Would a thinner wall tube work just as well? It seems the effect depends on electrical conduction which should be sufficient even with much less copper. Or does it depend on how many flux lines are hitting the copper cross section? Should we be worried that the last post on the site, about depression, was almost 2 years ago? The link makes no sense - if the U.S. were rooting for the protesters, wouldn't they support reporting of brutality from government forces? And if the U.S. were in support wouldn't big media be right on it? But probably not as fast as the phone in your pocket today. My experience with programmers.stackexchange.com is that it's even worse. I won't go near that place. When I was a kid I wanted to make such a scale model. I think I calculated sizes with Earth = 1 inch, and the distances made the mind boggle. Using a pixel as a unit of measure was pure genius, it makes the model so much more manageable without detracting from the overall grand scale. The Obama administration supporting broadcasters? What a shock. According to Wikipedia they squeeze 36 bits/pixel down to 4.71 bits/pixel for a 2K 24FPS movie. That's over 7x - gzip would be hard pressed to get up to 2x. I'm sure part of the reason they need compression is to send the data over the wire rather than shipping physical media all the time. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Digital_Cinema_Initiatives#Imag... In every other language I've used, a time value of 0 is used when a datetime only contains a date and doesn't have a specific time. The existing behavior would make sense in that context. I know Python also has a separate date object, are the two interchangeable enough that you could mix and match without problems? If they meet FCC regulations then yes you can assume that. If they don't meet FCC regulations then they're illegal. I don't know how much policing goes on for that though. How often have you needed a 64-bit integer where a 56-bit one wouldn't do? I rather like the idea of having only one numeric type. The question is, why do APIs return 64-bit values? In general it's not because they need all 64 bits, it's because the 64-bit integer type is convenient for them. This might make Crockford's proposal completely impractical but it doesn't invalidate the argument that led to it. I reject the nanosecond example because it's completely arbitrary. 64 bits of picoseconds would only cover 0.584 years so should we claim 64 bits isn't enough? Wouldn't 2000 years of microseconds in 56 bits be good enough? I'll give you credit for bitboards though, that's one I hadn't considered. I had no idea IDE flash drives existed until you said so, but indeed there's quite a few. Just for situations such as this probably. Even if they were successful, it's unlikely that they'd earn more from Office by being on the iPad. It's not going to sustain the prices that Microsoft is used to. This is their dilemma, they simply can't win no matter which way they go. > What if the flight they allegedly used for the radar shadow would have been delayed or they would have been delayed? A ground contact could easily watch for the shadow plane's takeoff and indicate via radio that the operation was a go. It's quite possible that they had multiple windows of opportunity if all they wanted was the plane. Of course if it had to be that particular flight due to passengers or cargo it would be a different story. If I'm reading the trademark properly, any contrasting color would be a violation no matter what the color is. Changing to red won't help. This is totally overbroad. Unfortunately once something is approved by the PTO it's almost impossible to overturn. Remember they're not claiming the color yellow, they're claiming the contrast between the body and the border. An all yellow multimeter wouldn't be infringing. How do you read "Color is not claimed as a feature of the mark." then? I admit IANAL. What is the projection angle or area of one of these storms? I'd guess that the vast majority miss Earth. The problem is that you'll never see the generalist's CV. The gatekeepers ahead of you (HR or recruiters) will always find someone with more of the right keywords or more of the desired experience to push first. I've always thought it would be helpful to have floating point values that tracked the upper and lower bounds of the possible error. That would make analysis of the results much easier. > It's an order of magnitude slower than your cell phone. Really? I'd like to see some evidence of that. I'd assumed they were roughly the same ballpark. Any way to replace it with a BIOS, e.g. Coreboot? I work for a reasonably large company that is now in the middle of transitioning all its Windows XP PCs to Windows 7. I imagine that it's the same for many businesses that support a large population. Windows 8 represents a larger retraining burden and hasn't been around long enough for the IT support to be comfortable with it. This report doesn't surprise me at all. Hah! If you're going to have to relearn everything anyway, might as well consider switching out completely. I was actually impressed that they included the comparison chart, even though they didn't win every single category. Comparisons were the first question on my mind and they answered it without my having to go off page. Very sneaky of them, now people won't be so inclined to find independent comparisons that might be off-putting. It has a USB port - what's that for? Think they might add a plug-in Blu-ray drive accessory? Any chance this bug originated with the NSA? It seems like it would fall under their goal of subverting the infrastructure that keeps secrets on the internet. Of course this is exactly why such a goal is a bad idea - an unprotected internet causes widespread damage. I knew I was going to be attacked for saying this, but isn't it a real possibility? We already know that they tried to weaken RSA. It's not an accusation, it's a speculation. I don't have the ability to judge it for myself, i.e. "a simple review of the code change/patch". That's why I put it out there. I don't mind being refuted, but I wish it would be refuted rather than just downvoted blindly. P.S. I think your quote doesn't capture the situation properly when someone is known to have malicious intent. Even better is that // has been available in Python 2 for ages, so you can get used to using it everywhere. Evidently they were anticipating this change. Also using Google Chrome on Windows 7, and no problems here. Chrome reports the font as Open Sans, 14px. According to the text the blur itself is simulating an actual lens. Without seeing the exact algorithm it's hard to know how accurate that claim is. There are many ways to do a blur and I know what I'd use if I were trying to generate good bokeh. I think the magic here is the generation of the depth map. Decently convincing blurring has been available for a long time. And how are you going to fit that into your pocket? Good luck getting that film to Instagram too. You're forgetting who has the power in this relationship. It's the people with the money. Remember the Golden Rule? "He who has the money makes the rules". I hope all the people who object to your methods and rationalize that they wouldn't work for you anyway, realize the hypocrisy of their statements. My name is already registered at Github by someone else, and it's not a common name at all. I just hope they're good! I've always thought that #1 is a sign of an incorrect operation altogether. If you want to always modify the passed parameter, it doesn't make sense to have a default. If you want to return a modified version of the input, you should make a copy immediately and then you don't get this problem. Doing both an in-place modification and returning a modified object at the same time is just wrong. While such a resource would make your job easier, it would make the interviewee's job easier still. They'd just have to memorize all the points in the reference. You don't need the continuation, but that's where you're most likely to make the mistake. It'll catch you when you leave off the comma from the last element of the list, then go back later and add another element to the end. Again, the problem is not what it appears. You're keeping a reference to an existing item rather than making a copy. The results would be just as bad if you passed in an initial list rather than taking the default. initial = ['first item'] bag3 = Bag(initial) bag3.add_item('second item') print(initial) I think the surprising thing to most people is that you don't automatically get a copy when you do the assignment. That's how it works in older languages like C and C++, and how it appears to behave when you use immutable objects. Except that you're risking hiring people that know all the trivia but still can't program FizzBuzz properly. The test loses its predictive value. How much of the inflation rate is tied to the cost of fuel? It's built in to just about everything we buy or produce. I had the pleasure of touring the Cray plant in Chippewa Falls and meeting the man himself, not too long after this talk. My expectations were that we would be on one side of a glass window and the computer would be on the other, but no - we walked right up to one that was being tested for delivery, serial #5 I believe it was. They were obviously proud of the cooling system - we were invited to put our hands on the side panels to see how cool it kept. The wire maze on the inside of the "C" was incredible, one trip would have caused an immeasurable amount of damage. Unfortunately we only met Seymour for a short time, obviously he was quite busy. Even more unfortunate is that I don't remember much of that meeting. The only tidbit I remember clearly is him pointing to a pumpkin on his desk. His daughter had grown it in the garden, and knowing he was already thinking about a Cray 2 machine decided it should be named the "Cray 3". Not if Disney has anything to say about it. Mickey Mouse shall never go out of copyright, as long as politicians are able to change the laws. At some point the amount of copper needed to carry the current becomes heavier than the batteries themselves. 120kW is already outlandishly strong, at 120V it's 1000 amps! Unfortunately the markets they're targeting are going to need very thorough testing and characterization. And they're probably way too expensive for the other uses that come immediately to mind. It'll be years before you see these in action. Right. If it actually were better than lithium ion, they wouldn't be shy about saying so. No matter how fast the OS can spin up another process, you still have to contend with the overhead of Python initialization itself. And I don't quite understand what you mean by the "full number tower". The title was just link-bait. At nearly 3x the price of the Pi and lacking the breadth of support, it's not a "Raspberry Pi Alternative" at all, just another in a long history of single board computers. Water recycles itself naturally. I'd be more curious to know how the oxygen converts back to carbon dioxide. I will reply with only one data point: Google. For years now Google has shown high resolution images of my own house. The rim of my garden is bright and clear, which is made of 2x4s (9 cm across). The best QA people I've worked with have all had this view. Film is projected with a shutter operating at twice the frame rate or better, to minimize flicker. It would be unwatchable otherwise. See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Movie_projector#Shutter It's a chicken and egg problem. Until enough people stop giving up on high resolutions, the application makers won't do adequate testing of those resolutions, ensuring that they'll continue to be unusable. I imagine it has to do with how long ago you went to school. I remember learning that red, yellow, and blue were the primary colors, but that was back when TVs were black-and-white. For me the RYB model just seems more intuitive. It just feels natural that green would be a bluish-yellow. It still seems odd that red and green can be combined at all, much less produce a pure yellow. But some women are... http://discovermagazine.com/2012/jul-aug/06-humans-with-supe... Do the fonts you download yourself from Google contain the missing information? Or do you have to dig up an original source? Serif fonts are finally coming into their own, now that enough devices have high enough resolution to do them justice. That said I think I still prefer sans serif for myself. Sometimes a single example is enough to disprove a hypothesis. Namely that anyone holding a valid visa would be fine. But how do you get their phone number? The same way you found their hours: Google. Checkmate. In Python everything is an object, including a function. The default value isn't a global, it belongs to the function. I wonder if people who weren't exposed to languages which work differently ala C++ would be as surprised? I've seen this trotted out time and time again, and at least in this simplified form it's a red herring. If you're going to mutate the argument, it doesn't make sense to give it a default value. If you're going to return a modified form of the input you need to make a copy of it. Doing both is simply absurd. I actually agree it's counterintuitive. But this particular example makes no sense, nobody should be writing real-world code that looks like this in the first place. Either modify the original or return a copy, don't try to do both. As a resident of flyover country I look at it the opposite way - why would I move to the coast for higher pay only to have it soaked up in living expenses? Even with that I'd probably be downgrading my housing, and there are other aspects of my lifestyle that I'd miss. And do you really think the pay disparity is that extreme? They may just be trying to express the thought that simpler code is both easier to understand and often more efficient. Don't forget Joel Spolsky's contributions to the effort; he's the one who coined the term "architecture astronaut". It may seem trivial now, but when this was being considered stacks were not a built-in CPU feature. In fact I wonder what was the first architecture that included one? The machine I learned assembler on would rewrite the instruction at the start of a function with a jump instruction to return to the caller. You returned from the function by jumping back to its beginning. Recursion wasn't an option! The nicest thing about zipper merging is that everyone can see the fairness of it, when it works. It's the lack of fairness that most infuriates people with the free-for-all system. Minnesota still does a very poor job of letting people know where the expected merge point is. The stated goal is to eliminate false positives ("hire the wrong guy and you will be stuck with that person forever.") That necessitates you will have an increased number of false negatives - see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_I_and_type_II_errors . The consequences of missing a great hire are less than the consequences of hiring a loser. My own problem with the question is that I wouldn't know what to answer - I have too many things to choose from. Many are too far in the past to remember lots of details about. Regardless of how you feel about this particular case, there are two things that are troubling: 1. Google is big enough to be an indispensable part of your life. 2. Google doesn't believe in allowing human contact - it doesn't scale. They've put all their eggs into the algorithm basket, and when the algorithm decides you're guilty that's it. No appeal, at least not in any real sense. It's a story that gets repeated over and over. Does Google also have the "lousy at support" problem? Their DNA has always favored algorithmic approaches that scale vs. human contact which doesn't. I remember hearing horror stories when they first came on the scene. I suppose somebody, somewhere, prefers them. I'd like to see hard numbers for/against though. I suspect it's more a way to justify a decision someone else has already made for their own reasons. Anybody struck by the number of times the word "bold" was used? What do you suppose is the hidden meaning behind that? Since the main problem seems to be oxidation, I'm surprised nobody recommends putting them in a sealed cabinet and flushing with compressed nitrogen. Seems easy and cheap. More specifically any addition of color values generates the problem, not just averaging. If you add two linear values and gamma-correct the result, you get a different answer than if you added the gamma-corrected values directly. Multiplication doesn't have the same problem. I.E. a^x+b^x != (a+b)^x, while a^x b^x == (a b)^x. P.S. it has nothing to do with Nyquist limits. How do you propose to implement trapping on an uninitialized integer for example? You'd need significant hardware support, on the order of adding another bit to every memory location. Undefined behavior isn't limited to from that point on , it can have terribly surprising consequences. A great example at: http://blogs.msdn.com/b/oldnewthing/archive/2014/06/27/10537... Atwood hasn't been associated with StackOverflow for over 2 years: http://blog.codinghorror.com/farewell-stack-exchange/ That said I'm sure he has valuable experience with Markdown and is almost certainly using it again in his latest venture. They are not a minority of the population, but definitely a minority in the tech workplace. And for the same reason: they've been bred for shippability and shelf appeal, not for taste. I live in an area that grows a lot of apples - in fact the Honeycrisp was developed only a few miles from my home. But I don't think I've ever seen a locally grown Red Delicious. As a kid I fell for the storyline "they're delicious", but as I got older I realized just how poor those ones from the supermarket are. I avoid them at all costs now. Remember when people used to line up to get their copy of Microsoft Windows? Fame is fleeting. I don't know much about how TOR works, but could you use it over a VPN so that it's outside of Comcast's network before connecting to TOR? Surely they'd never ban VPN. I believe that's why they had a control group with unsweetened water. I once owned a Remington electric razor that just died for no reason one day. I decided to take it apart and see if there was anything obviously wrong with it. There was - the electrical contact with the motor was made by a piece of graphite, and it had worn down to nothing. At that moment I decided to switch to another brand on the hope that it did not practice planned obsolescence, and I've been happy ever since. The intro to the post has Carmack saying he now prefers to write code in a more functional style. That's exactly the side-effect-free paradigm you're looking for. This is really impressive, it shows a clarity of thought and awareness of the impact that trends of the day would have on the future. Most people predicting the future don't do it nearly as well. But even with all that, Peter Drucker couldn't predict Moore's Law. Because there is evidence that there were airborne strains of it in the past. Is there something in the USB spec that requires the internal processor to be updatable? Couldn't they just lock the firmware down at the factory? By the time this is ready for production, flash or disk will have already caught up. I've seen it time and time again - the old tech continues to improve exponentially while the new tech takes forever to turn into something practical. I haven't found it to be terribly useful - you answer your 20 questions and are given a long list of possible matches, and if you're extremely lucky the font might be somewhere in the list. The MyFonts approach is much nicer, working directly with an image of the characters with the forum as a backup. Tecnotronic only appeared on the site a couple of years ago, but now he seems to do about 80% of the forum IDs. I don't know how he finds time to sleep or earn a living. Gotta agree with you on Neutraface. I've never found a need to use oil to cook bacon, it generates plenty of its own in the first few seconds. Around here we also get maple flavored. For a moment I thought you were confusing Java with Javascript, but I see you're right. I hope this link is persistent: http://tmsearch.uspto.gov/bin/showfield?f=doc&state=4807:agd... It's worse than that: some police departments will actively reject you if you're too smart. There are lots of stories about this which you can find with a quick search, including this one where someone was dismissed and lost their court case: http://abcnews.go.com/US/court-oks-barring-high-iqs-cops/sto... Don't overplay the importance of equity. It's like a lottery ticket - you can't win if you don't have it, but the chances of winning big are still remote. Does this really surprise anybody? Remember which state Detroit is in? Unfortunately that was only science fiction. I don't think the sunlight that lands on a car would be sufficient by itself to charge the system to any acceptable level. GM/Ford/Chrysler have a symbiotic relationship with their dealers - they both need each other to survive. Neither wants to see a new upstart that might someday eat their lunch. Presumably if the makers had a do-over, they might try direct to the consumer themselves, but the present conditions make that impossible. Caffeine addiction is a thing, too. Maybe it's two compounds in combination? HFCS plus caffeine perhaps? Pure speculation of course. You make a good argument, but you forget one thing - app compatibility. There are two dominant platforms, and they're both based on ARM. "Competitive" processors won't be enough to make a difference - even clearly superior processors aren't going to be compelling. Apple has shown a willingness to switch horses in the past, but now that they're designing their own chips I think we've seen the last of it. Disk speed had a lot of relevance in the day when RAM was constantly being swapped out. I honestly can't remember if this timeframe would qualify. This seems overly complicated. Why not generate an ID out of two numbers, one a server or thread ID and another that auto-increments? Assigning a unique number to each entity that can generate IDs seems like a tractable problem, and the odds of generating a collision can be reduced to zero if you negotiate a new number when the counter wraps around. Certainly I agree that UUIDs aren't going to collide. But UUIDs were created to solve a problem most people don't have - how to ensure unique IDs when there is absolutely no communication between the parties generating the IDs. The article was suggesting one alternative to the UUID, and I suggested another. Again, I'm not arguing that UUIDs aren't a powerful tool. But the article points out two problems with them - they're inconveniently long when you expose them to the user, and they lead to a fragmented database because they're not generated in order. If those problems matter to you, then you look for an alternative. If they don't, then the UUID is the go-to solution. And those references are either well-studied by the NSA to learn the implementation failures, or they've actively worked on the reference to insert a weakness. But if the FCC refuses to act on its own, even with encouragement from the President, a new law is the only way to force the issue. Hopefully it won't come to that, because I predict the odds of success being very low. Even if a law passes, it won't be before the lobbyists get their fingers all over it. What surprises me is that this hasn't been declared unconstitutional. I thought you couldn't be deprived of property without due process? I know it has survived numerous court cases so I'm baffled. The media attention has been going on for decades too. It's just that nothing changes. Aren't sunspots darker than the rest of the sun in visible light? Must be because the output has all shifted to UV. I think it will happen much sooner than that. Flash doesn't have to match the price/GB of hard drives, it just has to match at the minimum viable system level. A lot of people could survive with 120GB, and that number goes up drastically when you hit 240GB. When the price of those SSDs reaches the hard drive floor of about $50, hard drives will become a niche product appealing only to those who actually need multiple terabytes. I hope this includes MFC and ATL for C++. I've kept my version 6.0 from 1998 just for that, but it's too painful to use these days. How hard is it to reprogram the device to use your own server using that back end? How about if you wanted to do your own back end? A temperature sensor in the fridge would be much more useful than one on the toaster. I may have to get me one of these. When anything you say may be used against you, would you make any such public statement before the matter comes up in court? Do they also design their own components? Because that's what we're talking about here. If you know you can't get suitable replacements, it's an easy problem - copy the data to a new pool and retire the old one. In this case, since the part number didn't change, there was no way to know. Sector size is a pretty fundamental property of a disk drive. Whenever I find a font on a page that looks interesting, I highlight it and go to Chrome's Inspect element Computed tab to get the font name. As the blog says, steal like an artist. Now there's a product idea: a backup thermostat that takes over when the house temperature drops toward freezing. A little OT, but I have to say it: "Photo Credit Google Images" does NOT make it OK to use copyrighted material. Google can claim fair use, you can't. If you restrict yourself to UPC barcodes it's actually quite easy. I've done it in pure Python, don't even need Numpy. Unfortunately it's not ready for prime time yet. Interesting observation. Recall that Joel Spolsky got his start with FogBugz, a bug tracker. Think that might have informed the design? It depends on the question. If it previously didn't have an answer or only had one, it goes to the top. If it had 5 OK answers and you add a 6th really awesome one, the ranking doesn't change much - expect it to be totally ignored. A closed question isn't automatically deleted, so the search engines can still find it. You'll just need to click another link to find the answers. Theoretically it's better to have all the answers in one place instead of scattered about, so that you can compare and contrast them. In practice it's far from ideal. Often a new question will generate a fresh take on an answer, and the diversity would be welcome. If there's a subtle difference between the "duplicate" question and the older one, you can edit it to highlight the difference. Unfortunately that's hard to do, and you're unlikely to get the reopen votes even if you do a good job. I challenge you to find a similar question on StackOverflow. On some of the other, slower StackExchange sites I can see that it might be different. My prediction: a bill to restore discriminatory pricing will be passed before the next congress is out. They'll probably insert it into YODA so they can act like they're doing us a favor while they screw us. I think it works better if the 3D object isn't allowed too near to the edge of the image. I had trouble keeping it in focus as my eyes went to the right side. Exactly. Why do you think the quotas were used up so quickly? It wasn't because 65,000 startups were each trying to hire one foreigner. There was a day when the clock going in to the D/A converter could be affected by the bitstream coming off the CD. Those days are long gone I'm sure. Everything is buffered in RAM, overclocked, and digitally processed before it hits the D/A. The entire argument is based on the premise that the ear can't detect content above the limit of 20khz. While it is no doubt that few if any ears can hear independent tones above 20khz, what about detecting the shape of tones below that point? I don't think anybody's proven that the overtones of notes below 20khz are unimportant, or that the ear doesn't use edge detection for example to determine phase differences for location determination. These would require faithful reproduction beyond 20khz. Also to clarify a technical point, sampling at 192khz doesn't extend the frequency response to 192khz, it only extends it to 96khz (Nyquist in action). So the average salary was $119K? I'd love to know what the median is, the average is probably highly skewed by a few big numbers at the top. I was ready to pass by this post with a yawn until I saw where it was coming from: Fabrice Bellard. He's no doubt an absolute freakin' genius. And if anybody knows about image conversion, it's him. Even the things he does just for fun are impressive. Have you ever booted up Linux inside your browser? http://bellard.org/jslinux/ New file format proposals generally aren't news, unless they're already implemented in some popular product. Finding out the latest amazing thing that Fabrice Bellard has been working on, that's news. And that it's already implemented in your browser via Javascript? Priceless. Yes you can dig upwards, many people have. I think the point was that an increasingly small number of people will find it in their own interest to do so. And they will be poorer for it. I'm told that the number of manual transmission cars is declining year over year as well. Perhaps the 16-bit sample really did sound better in some cases? The lowest bits of a D/A converter are the most non-linear. By avoiding them you might get a more accurate waveform overall. This would explain the people who were confident that they knew which was which, even when they got it consistently wrong. It would depend greatly on the specific D/A converter so you'd expect it to go both ways. Your example is overly simplistic. Dithering is what allows a low bit sample to emulate a high bit one, and I don't see any evidence that you applied any; even if you did you wouldn't get a feel for how it operates with such a short sample. There's a lot of great data here, and the author obviously tried to cover all of the bases. Unfortunately I'm still bothered by a couple of aspects. Firstly, the question of "can you hear a difference" is completely orthogonal to the question of "which do you think is 24 bit". By using the answer to the second question to infer an answer to the first, you're entangling them. If someone could reliably hear the difference but on half the songs they preferred 16 bit and on the other half preferred 24 bit, their own answers would cancel each other out. Secondly, all it takes is ONE PERSON who can reliably tell the difference [1] to prove that the difference is audible, even if it's only to a very small subset of the population. The test was structured to detect the abilities of a group, not a single person. I'm perfectly willing to believe that as a group, people on average can't tell a difference, but that doesn't tell me whether I can tell a difference. [1] Reliably telling the difference would mean being consistent on double-blind A/B testing, repeated enough times to achieve statistical significance. I think you can deduce some correlation just by noting that the upper left and lower right parts of the graphs are relatively empty. Certainly there are statistical tests that would be more concrete. You can see some figures in the bottom right corners, but they're never discussed in the text. That makes the extra day that isn't part of a week kind of problematic, doesn't it? The reason this isn't a straw man is that it's a true belief held by many people; most of us aren't exposed to the extremes of reliability that you're talking about. When lives aren't on the line, memory management is generally a necessity. I find BPG isn't nearly as plastic as WebP in this comparison. I was quite taken by the hillsides that were completely covered in bushes with bright yellow flowers. I asked what they were, and was surprised to find out they were an invasive species. Sure were beautiful though! Too bad there's only one Raymond Chen. I'm sure there is enough material within Microsoft to keep 10 of him busy. My own WTF moment came recently when we dropped XP support for our product. Suddenly the window frames started painting improperly. One of the system calls we use in NCPaint returns different values depending on whether the executable is marked as XP compatible or not, even with no other change to the program. How are you supposed to create reliable software when you can't even count on the raw API that's been unchanged since forever? I worked for a company that did a voluntary software recall once. That was back in the days when it meant shipping out CDs. I think you missed the point of the parent comment. If there's two ways of doing the same thing, and one way is clearly more efficient, there's no reason not to do it the efficient way. Get in the habit, and you won't even waste brainpower thinking about it. 99% of the time it might not make a difference, but for that 1% you're ahead. You're also covered if a change somewhere else causes your code to be executed a lot more often than you expected it to be. It's not a question of optimize/don't optimize. There's a continuum, and the pendulum swings back and forth. The author makes a case that the prevailing industry attitude is too far on the "don't optimize" side. And stop quoting Knuth to justify it. I saw Captain America Winter Soldier this week, and of course it's a prime example of what the author is saying. But it did refute one of his minor points, the timeliness of current movies. It seemed perfectly in tune with the post-Snowden era. Given that all his attention was riveted to the phone, I wonder how much input he had in the FireTV product? Maybe the hands-off approach just worked better. Surely you can get an extension HDMI cable if that bothers you. Jeff was a big OpenID proponent while developing StackOverflow, and it looks like he still is. Even if he's recognized the necessity of offering a more common login approach. The best way to handle this is not to modify the entered password, or to reject it, but rather to just display the message. If it stands out enough you should notice it and make the corrective action yourself. In your case no corrective action would be necessary. It's because nuclear reactors, of any kind, are politically untenable at the moment. Especially unproven designs. Nobody's going to allow one to be built in their back yard, no matter how promising the technology. I once worked for a company that was acquired - the founder wanted to cash in on his success and retire early. In the first all-company meeting after the closing, the CEO gloated over how cheaply he was able to get us. That was really grating. The advice about watching for unsavory tactics is spot on. He was back at HQ, and we were watching remotely. But the effect was the same. Nobody's going to throw out even a ballpark without due diligence, and that's the distraction factor. You really don't want to be roped into that unless you're serious. Unfortunately it was long enough ago that I can't remember the exact speech, but the meaning was very clear at the time. And he never seemed to care much about the company or products, merely about the revenue it was going to add to their bottom line. It wasn't that the founder was a bad negotiator, he was just outsmarted. The agreed share price was tied to a metric that the acquirer understood much better than the founder. This was 10 years ago, and all the acquired employees were laid off within a few years. Is there any evidence that the solitary bees are faring any better than the honeybees? They're subject to most of the same pressures due to insecticides and loss of habitat. Others here have linked to problems with the bumblebee populations. I suspect that hives are the only way to get sufficient population density for efficient agricultural use, and the drop in agricultural output would be permanent. I've noticed a drastic difference in Monarch populations from just 10 years ago. I try to keep some wild Milkweeds in the back yard, but it seems to be too little too late - there aren't enough Monarchs left to utilize them. The article itself contains a misconception. Genetic variation doesn't always come from random mutation. Firstly, there may already be genes in the population that just have never been combined yet. Secondly, DNA can integrated from the environment under the right conditions. The amount of human DNA that is estimated to originate from viruses is astounding. And bacteria have been known to develop antibiotic resistance by taking it from unrelated bacteria that already have resistance. I was speaking specifically of this line: > That genetic variation is generated by random mutation — a process that is unaffected by what organisms in the population want or what they are "trying" to do. I have nothing against the second half of that sentence. Perhaps a better explanation was available elsewhere in the article and I missed it. The link originally went to the middle of the page instead of the beginning, so I wasn't taking it in order. Along the same lines, just hope that nobody gets the bright idea to add color by coating them with lead-based paint. Yes, I've noticed that since forever. Has anybody ever tried to come up with an explanation? The rate of change probably matters as much as the absolute difference. Given enough time, life can adapt. I'd love to see a chart of both the temperatures and the rate of change over those time periods. Given the evidence, I wouldn't be so quick to judge. Sure it wouldn't be fun to work for someone like that, but look at the results. That's interesting, since there isn't a 12-bit PNG format. Do they leave it in 24 bit then, and just rely on better compression due to fewer unique bit combinations? And which part of the system is most likely to break down first? I'd hate to have the computer tied to that part. Could you imagine using this with all 3 connectors wired at the same time? I thought the trend was for wireless. They don't make nostalgia like they used to. So kind of the way ink on paper adds black to make CMYK, the screen would add black to make RGBK? That would be awesome! I wonder how hard it would be to line up two independent displays? They'd need to be pixel perfect. Because there will come a day when something they want to watch desperately will require it. I'm surprised the government didn't outlaw tubes along with all the incandescent bulbs. That's just the kind of collateral damage they never seem to consider. This explains how malware might get information out of an air-gapped computer, but how do you infect the machine in the first place? That would seem to be the harder problem. The counterpoint he tries to consider at the end of the article is missing the point. No matter how those successful companies operate today, how did they operate when they first became successful? If it was an open plan, how many people were in the room, and how many different things were they doing? > Finally, what I've found most frustrating is the feeling that despite years of complaints about open offices, nothing has changed and nobody seems to care. Perhaps that's because the extroverts are the ones at the top of the org chart? The best counter-example I can think of is Microsoft during the Bill Gates era. On an ARM processor I'd be surprised to see any kind of command shell at all. Certainly it wouldn't be the DOS based command window. Argh! It's bad enough that the Help systems do this. If I'm going to Help, I want help the program I installed on my computer and I want it fast - don't search the entire internet for something that should be instantly available already. I really hate to see this philosophy extending to everything. I already know how to use Google to search the web. The one closest to me is in a strip mall next to a Mexican restaurant. When shipping costs add 50% to the price of a cheaper item, and the store is convenient, free instore pickup is a killer feature. I've bought lots of stuff that way from Walmart. New elections for a President and 1/3 of the Senate are less than 2 years away. Extradition is a thing too. You don't have to live in the US to break laws in the US, and you can bet that the government would have stopped at nothing to shut him down. The number of inmates being found innocent by new DNA tests is really frightening. Maybe somebody's figured out an automated way to harvest the data from infected individual PCs? Then they use that information to file new returns. No, not being sarcastic - this is the first I've heard of it. And if it's been going on already, what turned it into a bigger problem all of a sudden? This. The time when you could build your own computer from parts has been long past. The 3D printer revolution is something that could have brought them back to their roots, but it's not big enough (yet) to sustain such a huge company. And unless you accidentally walked past a store, you'd have no way of knowing what's on offer - they haven't been a compelling destination for a long time too. Interesting, the pictures show it being tested without a case. At the frequencies it uses, I would expect it not to pass without some kind of shielding. Do you know if the Raspberry Pi 2 has been tested yet? So for example you'd be happy if there were a 6"x7.75" and 12"x15.5"? And let's not even get started on standard(?) photo sizes! Who came up with that mess? But not this year. I believe the article was about the entire Twin Cities area, not just Minneapolis/St. Paul proper. I suspect if you shared the details of the commute that scare you so much, you'd be surprised how much worse it could be in other parts of the country. There's a lot of med tech in MN too. This brought back lots of memories for me, but not for the reasons you might think - I never played Oregon Trail myself. I was in one of those 20 school districts that got a Teletype, which is how I learned how to program. I've met Don Rawitsch, Dale LaFrenz, and Ken Brumbaugh back in the day, and worked for John Krenz later in life. Reminds me of "The Plan": http://mygeologypage.ucdavis.edu/waterstraat/how_the_plan_be... and many other places around the net. It's quite possible that the muckety-mucks who signed off on this in the first place were unaware of the implications. But at this point, the technical details should be known even to the clueless pointy-hair types. It's probable that their lawyers told them to make this claim to lessen their exposure to lawsuits. If they admitted any kind of problem they'd be in hot water, but now the burden is on anyone bringing a suit to prove them wrong. The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers. If you do it often enough, you should also learn where the point of burial is so you can avoid it. DHMO is pretty bad too: http://www.dhmo.org/ Ugh, that page is hard to read. The meta tag incorrectly identifies it as iso-8859-1, it's really windows-1252. So close, but yet so far. I wonder if one could extract the helium produced by our otherwise unusable fission waste? The passenger pigeon would be an even better example. To quote Wikipedia, "The species went from being one of the most abundant birds in the world during the 19th century to extinction early in the 20th century." I for one appreciate the fact that it's stable. That has definite benefits sometimes. > “I send you the private key to communicate privately, right?” That could be fixed with a simple terminology change, call it the "secret" key rather than the "private" key. A superintelligence would likely pursue both paths simultaneously - stripmine the Earth, and head for space. Why so careful to choose Droid Sans for the main font, then use Comic Sans for the substitutions? Isn't Comic Sans the property of the most lawyered-up tech company on the planet?