Hi Hates. TL;DR: I'm sorry for your situation. Offshoring will fail. Find another job. Here's my experience, some bullet points, followed by my advice: Our bean counters have tried to offload our work overseas. Maybe 5 or 6 times now. It never works. Here are my disjointed observations: #1 The motivation to offshore is to reduce costs. Company grows by cutting costs? Companies grow thru investment. My product is in an emerging market. What moron tries to cut costs during a turf war in a green field? #2 Most projects fail. Offshoring just reduces the cost of failure. #3 Most companies wouldn't send their work down the block (e.g. outsource to another company). Too many problems. Losing a core competency. Accountabilty, transparency, responsiveness, etc. Then how does sending it across an ocean make it all better? #4 Offshoring will roughly triple your work (as a dev). Teach your replacements, manage your replacements, QA/test the crap they create, give up when you've run out of time, and end up doing a last minute rewrite. #5 Want to know what working with offshore people is like? First, take your experiences herding project managers, business analysts, QA, testers, etc. All those "value add" corporate drones. Next, add language barriers, culture mismatch, timezone skew, complete lack of accountability and transparency, zero domain expertise, and very green developers. That's what working with offshore "teams" is like. #6 It's about the people. I'd outsource again if I was working with the best. I once sent a lot of our work to Europe (Belgium, Germany, Spain, France) because we found the best people to do some very specific work. The people we found were rockstars. Offloading specific tasks, plus all of the infrastructure and processes we had in place, was like a force multiplier for my team; it freed us up to work on other stuff. It was awesome. #7 Time to market is more important than cost. I simply cannot imagine a scenario where contracting / outsourcing / offshoring will shorten a project's schedule. (With the exception of #6.) #8 All the methodology stuff is mumbo jumbo. Agile, Scrum, SEI Level 5, ISO 9001, blah, blah, blah. Everyone we've worked with is well versed in all this crap. Doesn't count for squat. There's a difference between saying and doing. I'm sure you've interviewed lots of people. The candidates with resumes sporting all the vogue certifications are always a disappointment. They allegedly passed a test. But we give programming tests and they usually chowder. Tell me what you've done. Not what you know. Methodology is moot if you don't ship a useful, usable product. #9 During the last 5 years, our bean counters have tried to use Indians and Vietnamese. No expense was spared on training, sending people back and forth, etc. The people we got to meet were absolutely wonderful. I can't say enough how proud I am that our overseas peers are working in the field and trying to get ahead in life. Okay, done with the accolades. Pretend for a moment that offshoring to India is workable. In our experience, the turnover is incredible. At one time, the programmers we trained would last maybe 9 months, and then zing, they'd be off to higher paid job. So then you start over again with fresh meat, which is a reset (e.g. the forming, storming, norming, performing cycle). The Vietnamese people were super duper nice, and tried really really hard. But the language barrier proved insurmountable. I think there's probably some cultural stuff at play too, but we never really got past the most basic programming tasks, so I honestly couldn't say. #10 Our product (was once) in a new market. Emerging. And still changing rapidly. All these offshore "bodyshops" want requirements and specifications. Um, yea. Not possible. We're making it up as we go along. The customer doesn't know what they want until they see something. (Typical of an emerging market.) If you've ever written documentation (reqs, use cases, UML, specs, test plans, etc.) you know that it's just as hard and takes just as long as programming. In fact, it harder. Because you're explaining stuff to a green programmer who has no domain expertise. Frankly, at that level of details, it's just quicker and easier to write the code. #11 When (not if) the offshoring fails, you'll be blamed. You didn't try hard enough. Or you sabotaged the project. As though Tinkerbell really will fly, if you'd all just clap loud enough. ### Okay, I think that's my list. Like I said at the top, we've tried this offshoring thing multiple times. I'm absolutely certain it'll continue. Those of us actually doing the work have tried to argue, deflect, stop, etc. We always lose the debate. Now we're just numb and don't say anything. The bean counters are not like you and me. They go nuts when they see 1/5th the labor costs. That's the only number they care about. To them, we're all just interchangeable. They have exactly no idea what we do or how we work. Programming! Geesh! How hard could it be? And for these costs, I can get 5 times the number of programmers! We'll have 5 times more product! I've been around a lot of professions. Programming is a weird thing. We're dismissed and second guessed all the time. What other profession is this poorly regarded? People don't second guess their architects, plumber, doctor, contract manager, mechanic, geologist, etc. (Or maybe they do...) Okay. Rant over. Here's my advice. Find another job. Something that'll make you happy. I'm at a point in my life that I like having a steady job, health insurance, and accrued vacation time. And I'm not busting my ass working 80 hours a week making someone else rich again for a while. So I just smile, keep my head down, and quietly pick up the pieces after each failure. Such a life. If Thomas Friedman told me the sun rises in the East, I'd look to verify. If linking to a columnist, vs a news article, please include their name in the link. David Brooks enthusiastically supported Bush's Folly in Iraq. No mea culpa. For that alone, I won't support his efforts with my (reading) attention. I used to watch his tete a tete with Mark Shields on PBS. I can't imagine anyone being more consistently wrong (and wrong headed) about more things than David Brooks. And that's saying something. The list of always wrong about everything is pretty big: George Will, Charles Krauthammer, both Kristols, Thomas Friedman, Ted Nugent (haha), etc. Neocon concern trolls who aided and abetted the looting and destruction of our country deserve our mocking, not our links. Sorry, I don't read Andrew Sullivan. Supported invasion of Iraq, no mea culpa, wrong about pretty much everything else too. Nice. Support for unrepentant warmongers remains strong in geekdom. Losers. For what's its worth, I didn't read your criticism as a personal attack. More of an exhortation for bingo card guy to achieve his fullest potential. The mistake, as in navel gazing, is thinking that any one cares what you think of another person's life choices. Especially the object of your attention. Bingo card guy seems happy (enough) to me. Perhaps a better approach would have been to initiate a dialog, gently asking him for his input on some of your big sky ideas, subtly encouraging him to raise his aim. In the process, you'd maybe make a friend, and probably learn why he's made the choices he has. I know nothing about bingo card man, but imagine he's the primary care giver for a child or relative. Given a situation like that, I'd say he's a fucking genius for making some side money for comparatively little effort. In summation, chill dude. You spouted off. Wasn't personal. The haters will always be hating. So fuck 'em. How quaint. You're curiously naive, or willfully ignorant, of how the USA's system of political patronage works. Since when is right and wrong a factor in decision making? As for revolving door promotions (e.g. civil server to lobbying and back again), you seem blissfully unaware, or myopic, of the notion "conflict of interest". Before I let you go, tell me: What flavor of candy covered unicorns inhabit your fantasy world? Please. Continue. Huh? I'm pretty sure ad hominem doesn't mean what you think it means. And I'm quite certain that his listing of funders could be easily verified. So unless you have information to the contrary, I'd characterize that list as "fact based" vs "misleading". > Sounds more like the Federalist Society to me... Bingo. You're kidding, right? You asked for feedback, so here it is. Have you worked on any political campaigns? Candidates, issues, activism, anything? I have. Your NationBuilder is not yet a full product. Pitch your product to local campaign managers. That's the fastest way for you to get your course correction. Campaigns do need better tools. So I encourage you to keep at it. (If you're wondering why I just don't tell you what you need, I'm working on a business plan for something very similar. Also, I'd rather you earned the domain knowledge firsthand.) > About the issue of a "true capitalist," yes I am a libertarian at heart. And I do believe that people respond to incentives. Libertarian, maximum personal liberty. If you were a libertarian, you wouldn't care about the cheating. Let the little bastards screw themselves. Libertarian doctrine (such as it is) says nothing about incentives. Getting worked up about the cheating, you assume society (or at least your class room) should be merit-based. Pretty much the opposite of libertarianism. A clever teacher would figure out a way for students to police each other. I've seen it work to great effect. No one grades harder than a peer. Edit: I was being a dick, comment about whining removed. I need to apologise. I just RTFA. I really like your "future" section, the public projects, the peer reviews, the competitions. Exactly right. You are several steps ahead of me. My work dev laptop is bitchin fast, but runs slower than my 3 yr old personal. Because of useless software (cya-ware) installed by corporate IT. Useless anti-virus crap (ever hear of sudo?), ridiculous hard drive encryption, remote monitoring/management stuff. Just working in Eclipse, I often wait every single keystroke. Yes, Eclipse is mostly a pig, and I've disabled/closed everything I could. But I have zero hassles working on my personal laptop, even when I have video (or audio) running too. I've seen Penn & Teller live. Fucking great. Really amazing. I was a huge fan. Even bought their first book. Then they came out as anthropocentric climate change deniers. Plus, their cable show "Bullshit" was little more than Leno's Jaywalking, only meaner. So I had to flip the bozo bit on them. Meaning I've lumped them in with the neocons, creationists, libertarians, homophobes, 9/11 truthers, and other antisocial fruitcakes. Aside: I saw a geek news bit about you withdrawing (removing) your post and the heat you're getting. Dude, I'm so sorry. For future, I have two bits of advice. #1 Don't bury the lead. Like myself, the geek news bit also didn't get the point of your post. #2 Focus on the positive. Meaning that all negatives can be stated as a positive. So, were I to have written your blog post, I would have lead with your "future" section (peer reviews, competitions, contemporary projects), enthused about all the positives, and underplayed (or flat out omitted) the back story, the bullshit plagiarism software, the complicity of the administration (shocker!), the cheating students, etc. I definitely would not have responded directly to any personal criticism, especially not in public. That's always a trap. In conclusion, I think you did the right thing, are on the right track, and got burned by being the internet's chew toy of the moment. Lesson learned, move on. The intent is to make sure you're reading, not to insult. Asking for a silly rider to be removed is probably sufficient proof too. Love it. Both the analysis and "get involved" concluding advice. When money is considered free speech, gross inequity is the same as disenfranchisement of all but the richest. Another word for gross inequity is plutocracy. Bioinformatic workloads, huh? Sounds important. I don't believe you. If it was major number crunching, you'd batch that crap on the fastest servers you could afford. If it's interactive, the computer is waiting on you more than doing work. Just admit it: you're a technophile that likes to fiddle with all the knobs. Fine. Whatever floats your boat. But don't play stupid about the OP's article. HP, Dell, Lenovo, etc. have TERRIBLE marketing communications supported by TERRIBLE product family line ups. The OP's point (hello!) is Apple's simplified product family allows them to achieve better economies of scale then their competitors. Very simple. > An advantage of electronic voting is that the machines can be designed for use by the blind. Could be, but aren't. If you'd ever tried the 'accessibility' features of a touchscreen voting machine, you'd see the UX fail firsthand. (I've worked as a poll inspector.) There were other truly accessible solutions. The VotePad for instance. Low-tech plastic wrapper for existing ballots. Preserving both the secret ballot and public vote count. Alas, the inexpensive VotePad couldn't complete with the well financed crony capitalism juggernaut which brought us HAVA. I like the "vapor" poster. I wish I had thought of "voter verified vapor audit trail" back when I was fighting against these touchscreens. The short answer is all the election administration gear is rushed to market. The HAVA boondoogle created a gold fever land grab mentality. The products are shit. Not just insecure, but just complete garbage. Not to downplay the security concerns, but the poor reliability is a bigger threat. Especially since these systems fail silently and "testing" was a puppet show. The longer answer is that all voting gear I've seen (in the USA) treat security as an afterthought. Gear in use typically get "tamper evident" seals. But they're really lame (e.g. fall off) or the gear can be backdoored. I'm just talking the hardware here. The software situation is totally, scales of magnitude, worse. > it's so obvious that most people want the exact opposite? Ah yes, the fabled "free market". Subsidize sprawl with money looted from urban areas. People move the burbs. Claim it's demand driven. What impresses me is that people increasingly choose urban despite the sprawl tax. > but folks living in suburbs don't stop folks who like density from having it. Yes. They do. That giant sucking sound you hear are the burbs bleeding the urban tax base dry. Further, in my area, the burb leaders cock block anything that smells like it might help the urbans. My city would be sparkling and new if we didn't have to subsidize the standard of living of all the deadbeats in the burbs. Hi Ryan. Yup. Making a generalized statement about a widespread, general phenomenon: Urban centers subsidize everyone else, suburbs are freeloaders. This is really basic, uncontroversial information. Example county level: http://www.thestranger.com/seattle/welfare-state/Content?oid... State level: http://www.infoplease.com/ipa/A0923084.html Same thing happens at the local level. By deadbeats, I mean people too damned selfish to carry their own weight. You think because suburbanites pay some taxes, they're paying their own way? Suburbs would depopulate if we urbanites withheld our largess. > I can name ten(s) of cities in the United States that absolutely die the moment 5-6pm strike, but were couriered money in by suburbanites during the day and would have zero infrastructure otherwise. Citation please. (This should be interesting.) Digging down to the source material, the Strong Towns group does address Government Transfer Payments, explaining that all suburbs are subsidized. But they avoid offending anyone by pointing out that the suburbs were financed by the urban areas. In my experience, suburban dwellers don't like learning that they're parasites. Haha. Oops! How'd that happen...? Citation please. This should be fun. Unibody minor? Please. I'm on my 3rd MBP. I destroyed my 4 yr old model (last before unibody). The latest is model is wicked tough. I also have recent Dell and HP laptops. Pieces of shit. No comparison. substractive vs additive. As far as I know, there's no 3D printing technology nearly as strong as aluminum. Yet. My laptops go EVERYWHERE with me. I really beat the shit of out them. Despite the case and padded backpack. The right side sagged from where my wrist rests, a problem eliminated by the unibody. I put my thumb through the LCD, replaced it, and not being very handy, the case lost its factory fresh fit and finish. I'd appreciate named prefixes for these news/links, eg. "David Brooks: The Wrong Inequality". Thank you for prefixing your post with the pundit's name. > healthcare could be a lot less expensive, but since much of that expense comes from govt involvement Citation please. (In other words, you're wrong. And you know it.) Came here to say this. Thanks. I love Asepsis. Those .DS_store files really bug me. Because I have to show hidden files to see Eclipse's .project and .classpath files, that means I also have to see the zillion .DS_store files. Stupid, stupid file name choices by Eclipse. (Period prefixes are default hidden on Unix, for all you Windows users.) PS- TotalFinder is great too. Big improvement. PPS- Tried TotalTerminal for a while. It's okay. iTerm2 is enough better that I switched. Those are opinions, not citations. I'm surprised you didn't mention "tort reform" too, another one of the debunked talking points. If government is so bad, why does Medicare/Medicaid help more people at less cost than private insurance? I feel like I was just rick rolled. Please prefix the pundit's name to these links. As for this particular pundit, he lost me at "invade Iraq". After claiming the earth is flat, you'd think people would have learned to ignore this asshat. "Me too" reply concurring with your business analysis. Politely, respectfully disagree with recommendation for OpenVista. Of all the tech stacks I've worked with, only InterSystem's Cache (also popular for healthcare IT) is worse. Open government. Being very political and very active, during my personal time, I'm working on tools that I need to be more effective. Sunlight Foundation's stuff is a fair start. There are some other initiatives. The day job is just for healthcare and rent. It's a huge distraction. About the fabled RDF... I've attended some Apple keynotes. My first one, I was expecting to be mesmerized. Alas, Jobs was ok. Nailed the demo, said what he was going to say, nothing more, and then left the stage. A real pro. Grade 'A', but not life changing. I've seen RDF. Ever watch a charismatic evangelic Christian minister in action? A motivational speaker? A politician with the gift on the stump? Reading the early stories of RDF, I have the impression the RDF (charm, seduction) referred to a one-on-one phenomenon. As for public appearances, what distinguished Jobs from his peers is execution. Sorry fellas, but most of us geeks are introverts and shouldn't be giving demos. And sales pukes who make pitches are too often clearly full of crap. Further, most tech pitches that I've seen required why too much suspension of disbelief. Jobs @ Apple always had a clear vision he was selling. I didn't always buy in (too bad for me). But it was never like he was pulling a con. > but boy do they make my ears feel hot after a while I love the sound of over the ear headphones. Also, I get way too hot. (I also swap shoes for sandals, Mr Rogers style, once I get to work. Can't program with hot feet.) I alternate between Sony and Shure SE 215 earbuds when I need to work heads down. The Shure's are really effective. > Very often I had nothing to say, because how do you tell a team of co-workers that everything they're saying is wrong? Yup. I (think I) have four buckets: 1) Awesome! I'm stealing it! 2) Worse than wrong (h/t Murray Gell-Mann) aka not good enough to criticize. 3) Hmmm, worth chewing over. 4) I have absolutely no idea (please talk more). I'm more like Jason F, where I felt I had a moral obligation to fix things, and have had to learn to keep my mouth shut. The most insightful advice I ever got was "Sometimes you just have to let people fail. It's quicker than opposing them." Now I try to save my breathe for people who are worth my time and effort (investment). Please prefix the pundit neocon's name to these types of submissions. Linking on Thomas "Flat Earth" Friedman is the political equivalent of linking to goatse. Please prefix the pundit neocon's name to these types of submissions. Linking to David "Bobos" Brooks is the political equivalent of linking to goatse. Not to pass judgement, but if Brooks ever manages to tap out anything less than utterly wrong and contemptible, I'm quite certain someone else said it first, only better. Not groking TDD, I literally worked my way thru the book, doing each and every step, just to get the gist of the experience. TDD works fucking great. If you know what you're doing. Alas, that's a big IF. Most of the stuff I do, I'm just figuring shit out. Mostly, like when designing a new library, I work outside-in. I imagine how I'd want to do something, writing the client pseudocodeish stuff first, and then trying to make the implementation support my idealized programming mental model. I end up throwing away A LOT of code. Getting something short and sweet takes a lot of experimentation, most of which are duds. Though my personal approach of outside-in is trivially like TDD, it's not nearly as rigorous. Were I to be as thorough as TDD, I'd be spending all my time writing tests. Which seems pointless, for code I'm like just going to throw away. Anyway. Much respect for the guy who wrote that first TDD book. It's one of the few methodological strategies that works as advertised. Unrepentant war monger. If you really want to get worked up, watch one of his tete a tetes with Mark Shields on PBS (if they're still doing that). I'm surprised Brooks has the brain power to breathe. Anyway. Is it really too much to ask submitters to prefix their links with the celebrity neocons name? Cringely's not a fanboy. He's the quirky camp follower that spins a good yarn. Or a Zelig. Seriously, who does he not know? I love reading his stuff. Crazy ideas. Crazy insights, like that BBC TV connections guy. Always fun. Early PC Mag, Dvorak had a great column. Geeky insight, pretty good BS detector. Now he's just a crank with a libertarian vibe. Haven't read him in years. I actually met him once, early web days. Great guy. Learned he was a serious amateur civil war historian. Liking Dvorak (the guy) as much as I do, I stuck with him for a long time, hoping he'd get back to having fun. Oh well. Test Driven Development by Kent Beck http://www.amazon.com/Test-Driven-Development-Kent-Beck/dp/0... The journalist's job is not listing facts, but extracting a model of the truth from a sample set of observation data. A lie is still a lie. http://ethics.npr.org/ Journalists report. Pundits opine. You're one, or the other. You cannot be both. Or act like one while claiming to be the other. Smells like libertarian BS. Regulations aren't the problem. Young, small companies are the job creators. Not having affordable healthcare is the single biggest inhibitor to startups. Single payer healthcare would be the single largest job creating boost. Lopping the 1/3rd of costs, decapitating the blood sucking "insurance" racket, would make a significant dent in everyone's overhead. Medicare efficient enough for you? Cryptography is exactingly and excruciatingly hard to do at industrial strength. Related: Which is why I'm against any and all forms of electronic voting. I've done a fair share of crypto (as a user of crypto libraries) and I barely understand how it works. There's ZERO hope for the layperson to understand crypto-based voting systems. One of the central tenets of American style voting is a public vote count. Using crypto puts the "public vote count" into the hands of a the high priesthood (a few adepts), which is a really bad idea. Or are you saying that every individual voter needs to understand the inner workings of the system for it to be effective? Um, yea. That's what "public vote count" means. As for the technical competence of our nation's election administrators, have you not been paying attention? I've met many many. Great at elections. Terrible at computers. Completely and utterly reliant on the vendors. Who've manifestly demonstrated their complete inability to code their way out of a wet paper bag, much less be entrusted with the foundations of our democracy. Crypto-based voting systems are not designed to work for real-world elections. They work fine for contrived academic studies. They all rely on one's vote being lost within a herd of votes. So if your ballot is one of a million, and the ballots are simple with a few races/issues, it's easy to have a secure one-way hash with collisions. (The collisions make it impossible to work backwards to infer how each person voted.) Alas, real-world elections in the USA are administered at the precinct level. In my state, that's between 0 and 1000 registered voters. Further, a general election (November) ballot will have dozens of issues and races. So it's more than likely that any single ballot will be utterly unique. So with the voting systems I studied, it's trivial to infer how everyone voted. I could imagine crypto-based voting systems working for certain applications. Like corporate shareholder meetings. Or maybe Australian and British style parliamentary elections. (Don't hold me to the last guess, I only have cursory knowledge of their election systems.) Edit: I discussed these practical issues with one of the grad student authors of a crypto-based voting system. Being completely ignorant of real elections, he had NO IDEA what I was talking about. He denigrated my input; saying our elections should be easily tailored to accommodate crypto. (Good luck with that.) Maybe it's just me, but I'm of the opinion that people setting out to solve a problem should probably make some token effort to first understand the problem. YMMV. Terrific ideas. Can you cite any historical examples of when these strategies have succeeded? I'd hate to think you were just regurgitating neocon warmonger authoritarian dogma. > he's tackling a non-issue here IDK. The barriers to entry for RoR on the Mac are pretty high. I was keenly interested in an open source open government project (Sunlight Foundation). I tried to get it running on my Mac, on my personal time. I had direct expert help (friends who dev using Ruby, Rails, etc.). I understand the tool stack was churning, something about mismatched versions, runtimes, whatever. I gave up after three weeks. I don't care care how "awesome" Rails is. If it doesn't work out of the box, like all the LAMPs distros, devs will find something that does. I hate Spring, Maven, ORM and all the other webby enterprisey Java crap with the passion of a billion burning suns. But the RoR nonsense was a whole 'nother level of insanity. I'd rather take a bat to the face, or use PHP, than try RoR again. (I should add that my bad experience was ~1 year ago. Maybe things have improved. Alas, I've moved on to greener pastures.) +1 Reading your short list triggered a flashback. I struggled with everything you listed, probably more. When I made a run at getting an existing RoR project running on my Mac (~1 year ago), there was no shortage of howtos and advice. The problem was resolving all the contradictory information. As moe points out, the project home page should have the single source of validated truth on how to get RoR running on a Mac. Minimally. That such a source of truth didn't exist led me to conclude that Rails was run by amateurs and to not be taken seriously. > but your link is more of a hit piece than anything NewsMax. I'd sooner watch Fox News or read the gaggle of NYT's neocon pundits. Aragon's "rebuttal" of Lustig is nonsensical. He completely biffs Lustig's position on fruit (vis a vis Atkins Diet). In that lecture, Lustig says fruit is okay, whereas fruit juice isn't, because the fiber in fruit blocks the fructose from being metabolized, while the glucose gets used. Lustig may be right or wrong. But criticisms should be about what he actually said. Since Lustig publishes his research and results, Aragon could step up act like a scientist and either refute or confirm Lustig's data. But sciencificalologeries is hard work, whereas just making shit up is pretty easy. Further, while I'm on board with Lustig's science, and conclusions, and strategy, I've personally adopted a nutrition somewhere between Eat To Live and Dr Terry Wahls "eat 9 cups of fruit and veggies per day". Works great for me. Sorry for the noob question: How does one prevent cheating/hacking with a client-side runtime? Is there a crucial dividing line of functionality between server- and client-side functions? Say perhaps fog of war and client's only get the position updates of visible enemies? If there are best practices / conventional wisdom, pointers (links) would be appreciated. Thanks! Egor, I very much appreciate your efforts. That's a lot of examples, a whole lot work. I'm a complete noob about browser security stuff. So I had to lookup "CSRF". Maybe spell out acronyms or link to their definitions. Cross-site request forgery http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-site_request_forgery https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Cross-Site_Request_Forgery_(... Since I'm working on some public facing websites, and need to learn this stuff, your work is definitely helpful. Thank you. plaintext + gzip is preferable to binary. The early adopters of XML saw their choices as semistructured text vs nice parseable XML. The third choice, creating grammars, was ignored. Grammars for most configuration or data transfer or protocols are trivial. Certainly since ANTLR 2.x. Much more trivial than any equivalent XML-based parse and validation tool stack. FWIW, ASN.1 is worse that XML. Not a defense of XML; all uses of XML are incorrect. For my own work, I use a format descended from VRML that I call ARON (A Righteous Object Notation). It concisely describes groves (trees annotated with key/values) and supports most commonly used datatypes. So it's a bit more concise that JSON or YAML and a lot more strongly typed. Here's an example test file: http://code.google.com/p/aron/source/browse/trunk/test/cronk... I use ARON for all my own projects, as you can see, it's not really polished enough for others (yet). As this example shows, I mostly use it to loft Java object graphs. I haven't reimplemented VRML's prototyping (DEF / USE) functionality in this branch (yet). I added lightweight path expressions to LOX (Lightweight Objects for XML). It's a modern XML object model, that's easy to inspect, with built in support for xpath-like expressions (globbing, really), without all the suckage. http://code.google.com/p/lox/ Here's some example of path expressions. http://code.google.com/p/lox/source/browse/trunk/test/lox/te... Works fantastically. I use LOX for all my own XML work. My ARON project doesn't support path expressions in the same way. ARON's grammar only supports drill down dot notation, like "parent.child.grandchild". And, thus far, I've only used ARON to loft Java object graphs, so I haven't needed an object model with path expressions. I'd love to see a high level, statically typed language with built-in path expression. Groovy's GPath is closest to the mark that I've seen. (I really need to polish these open source side projects. And publicize them.) Thanks! It was a lot of fun and proven very useful. Biggest reason is conciseness (less code), followed by ease of debugging. When using JXPath or Jaxen, you have to use contexts. Pseudo code (from memory): Node n = new Node( "ugh" ); // add some children here JXPathContext c = new JXPathContext( n ); NodeList list = c.eval( "child" ); for( int i = 0; i Whereas LOX does it like this: Element e = new Element( "ugh" ); // Add some children here for( Element e : e.find( "child" )) { ... } I do a lot of ETL work (XML -> SQL). The ability to debug (interactive inspection) speeds development. I'm sure you've tried to debug XPath expressions. Not easy. Happily, all of the LOX's object implement toString() method to render their XML content. And the evaluation of path expressions, while not easy, is feasible. Whereas with JXPath or Jaxen, it's damned near impossible. (I've written a few object adapters for JXPath; getting them right is black magic.) (Love your metaphors/adjectives.) Grammars aren't easy, but not currently no harder than XSD. Further, DSLs are all the rage. Personally, I prefer to use a pro tool like ANTLR to some in language voodoo with Scale (or some such). LALR (lex/yacc) kicked my ass. Just could not understand it. LL(k) (ANTLR 2.x, JavaCC) was a struggle. But I slogged thru it. LL(*) (ANTLR 3.x) is a pleasure to work with. I really enjoy it. For example, the delta between SQL's (idealized) BNF and my SQL ANTLR grammar is very small. ANTLR 4.x, currently in progress, will do left recursion, which I haven't played with yet. I'm not too worried about adoption. My tools make me more productive. If my competitors choose to use rocks for hammering, I'm okay with it. Lastly, I indent with tabs. Old habits die hard. :) Adaptable, not stupid. The ability to filter noise is a huge advantage. But then I'd have to use DOM4j. More seriously, I didn't even think to look at DOM4j again, so didn't know it wrapped JXPath. I had been using XOM for a while, a HUGE improvement over JDOM and DOM4j. Elliot Harold's FAQ and slides explain his improvements. LOX has an even more simple object model, uses JDK 1.5 idioms, and is MUCH easier to interactively debug. (LOX also doesn't recognize namespaces, which keeps it simple.) When it came time to do path expressions, I initially used JXPath and then Jaxen. Both are very hard to debug. After a hard rethink, wanting an API that supports how I like to work, I dropped XPath and came up something a lot more simple, a lot smaller, and closer to how I work. LOX's path expressions have only 1-axis (to use a XPath-ism), parent to child. I've never used any of the other axis, so no big loss. LOX also supports globbing (wildcarding) syntax, which is a huge win over XPath. If by "assault" the OP (Ruslan Kogan) means "angry blog posts" and by "capitalism" he means unbridled corporatism, where Wall St creates bubbles to better gamble their investors monies, where the needs of a burgeoning military / industrial / penal complex peddle human death and misery for profit, where agribusiness monetized the seeds of life, where regulatory capture by cartels is the norm, and where radical laissez faire policies have gutted transparency, accountability, the rule of law, and a fair and impartial court system... Then, yea, the OP has a point. As for Apple, Foxconn, and labor: Apple will continue to adopt modest labor practice improvements because it raises the cost of entry to any would be competitors. In other words, customer driven demands for increased wages and better working conditions will help cement Apple's front runner position. Which I think is quite brilliant, in a Machiavellian sort of way. The thing I notice most about the DrChrono site is they still don't have an answer for getting competitors to share data. No biggie, no one has answered that question yet. Well, actually, we do know the answer: universal healthcare (aka "single payer"), where the players aren't competitors. I designed, implemented, and supported a handful of regional healthcare exchanges. Five exchanges, 80 hospitals, plus misc guarantors, scripts, ambulance services, lab orders & results, etc. So I have some experience. What I learned is this: Every single player thinks our medical records are THEIR records, to use, abuse, and monetize at will. Last time I checked, DrChrono has expanded their product offering (billing, scheduling, etc), which makes them more of a physicians practice management (much needed!). I believe this is a recognition that truly portable medical records is a LONG WAY OFF in the USA. It's a political problem, not a technical problem. (That DrChrono seems to be reality-based pleased me.) Quantity AND quality. Market design is wicked hard. That's the role of governments. Business (court) law, a fair and impartial judiciary, enforcement, currency, etc. I don't mind so much that any particular system is broken. What troubles me is how hard it is to fix. We're all staring at the elephant in the room. But the incumbent vested parties making a buck from a broken system, to the detriment of everyone else, are super effective at blocking reform. Minard's graph is brilliant. On my to do list: a graph that shows the loss of voters casting ballots. I needed a way to show how postal balloting disenfranchises voters (what it gives, it equally takes away). Voting age population -> registered to vote -> voter received ballot -> returned ballot -> elections rcvd ballot -> signature verification -> challenged ballots -> overvotes/undervotes, voter intent, adjudication -> tabulated. Great stuff. Thanks for sharing. It'd be great to apply your algorithm per issue. During Camp Wellstone training (grassroots political organizing), they taught us a tool called a Power Map. The two axis are yes v no and influence. You graph each person voting. Then you draw arrows to show who influences who. It helps to identify where you should focus your lobbying. One point that stood out is that a Power Map is needed to be done for each issue, because many many votes don't come down on partisan lines (eg local and state, ymmv). Just like there's different types of intelligence, beauty, taste, etc. So I'm cool with your definition. In one of the Feynman books, a colleague said something like: With most really smart people, when they explain something to you, you get can it and think to yourself "I could of thought of that, if I was smarter." But with Feynman's work, even after you understood it, you'd think "How in the world did he come up with this?!" Citation please. Do you have examples of tax cuts leading to job creation? I've taken and stayed at crap jobs precisely for the health insurance. When I was consulting, I was self-insured thru my state's insurance of last resort. Expensive, while it was available. The cost of health insurance is an active deterrent to me risking my own startups. Hypocrisy and contradictions from the free market zealots is nothing new. And yet I remain stunned that the same freaks who say they want a flexible work force, ya know, that whole "free market" thang, actively oppose the single biggest enabler to a mobile work force, universal health insurance. > It was called the principle of shareholder value maximization. But that's not what happened. It was just rhetoric for covering executive team compensation maximization. Shareholders have been screwed along with the rest of us (he says while checking his 401k). Wild-eyed socialist that I am, the single biggest, quickest improvement to corporate responsibility and governance would be to increase shareholder rights. Is Medicare a monopoly? They're just the payer. There's still an entire ecosystem of value-add private entities. Clinics, hospitals, specialists, pharmaceuticals, equipment mfg, labs, etc. I understand everyone's reservations about bureaucratic inefficiency. The key is in the incentives. Single payer enables the capitation model of service, where people are rewarded for staying healthy. Versus the current model where everyone profits from disease. That's why single payer is (generally) cheaper per capita with better results. I'm ignorant of hedge funds, so can't comment. I have read many laments from institutional investors about being screwed; they're the shareholders I'm thinking of (eg my county's investment manager, the team managing my 401k). I'm aware of the "low information voter" problem. And yet I'm a pollyanna. I believe (as a matter of faith) that high quality information leads to high quality decisions. Given the choice between corporate rule (oligarchy) and mob rule, I guess I'd side with the mob. Fructose (et al) consumption is the result of distorted farm policy. Removes the subsidies, nutritional value of food supply will (hopefully) return to "normal", public health will improve. Stil, it's a pretty good question. Doctors generally don't push nutrition. I think that's changing as the best available science continues to improve and be more broadly accepted. I personally evangelize the "cave man diet", probably to the point of annoyance. But the real driver is coming from public awareness and social change. There are now serious efforts to limit, tax, regulate, remove sugars from a public policy standpoint. Examples are taxes on candy, removing vending machines from public schools, etc. Capitation, by focusing a wellness and efficiency, would accelerate that trend. Since we're comparing anecdotes, friend #1 went to Thailand for eye surgery ($5k vs a gajillion dollars), friend #2 went to India for Lasik (sic?). Yes, like all other systems, universal health care has problems. Canada definitely has a shortage of specialists in rural areas. So what? The USA has plenty of shortages. If you desire "honesty" in a policy debate, I encourage you to start with the widely published, thoroughly vetted, and oft cited comparative studies. If you're feeling very daring indeed, and want to learn something, you could start with google. http://www.google.com/search?q=health+care+costs+per+capita http://www.google.com/search?q=life+expectancy+by+country TL;DR: Canadians spend 1/2 per person and live 2 years longer. I was the IT guy for an electrical contractor. I observed the benefit of having set roles. You need fiber spliced? Call the union hall and ask for that skill and they'll send you a worker that absolutely will be able to do that specific task. The benefit of outsourcing the vetting, training, and qualifications to the union hall was huge. (And better than any temp agency I've ever seen or heard about.) In other professions, I have no doubt that silly shop floors rules (need an elevator operator to work the elevator) are terrible. I've heard the stories, many by union members that disagree. My guess is those silly rules start as buyoffs / payola (quid pro quo during some negotation years ago) and became institutionalized. You may not have been present during XML's ascendency. Naggum's rhetorical voice was a totally appropriate response. Being shouted down by the XML goon squad got real old real fast. With tech gear, I think it comes down to finding cheap parts. I once salvaged two Xerox Star dedicated wordprocessors creating one working unit. They were ancient when I fixed it. Had never seen one before or since. But this person was still doing contract wordprocessing with it (which is so boss). Counter example... I dropped a coffee mug onto my Powerbook G4, breaking the motherboard (thru the 'O' key). I kept that brick for a long time, waiting for logic boards to come down in price. At no point was the repair cost lower than the replace (with the latest greatest) cost. In order for this to have worked, I'd have to horde broken and dead Powerbooks. FWIW, re Apple products, I've repaired my iPod (HDD), iPhone (battery), and laptops (screens, touchpad, DVD). In general Apple products aren't designed to be repaired. Not like a corporate issue Dell or HP. I haven't cracked open my unibody model yet, so don't know if that's improved. But the tear downs of iPad show that it'd be trivial to repair. Another facet to consumption culture is the cost of ownership. After a tipping point, your stuff owns you. Having stuff and clutter makes me feel anxious. I've been unloading everything that's not essential. eg, I only used my microwave to heat water for tea. And it was pain in the ass to clean within and around. So it went to the curb, snatched up within minutes. Envy! I'd love to have my mom's old Singer. I've shopped around a bit, the new stuff is complicated and breakable. I'd love someone to make a tank of a laser printer. Like just clone an HP LaserJet 6 (the pinnacle). Make the internals open source, the paper trays modular, and boom. Most printers are sold on price. But I think a small niche player selling durable printers with low consumable costs could do well. Very similar to my concerns for running non-free software inside our democracies. Idea #22 is a web version (realization) of Lotus Improv. He's old enough that he should know better. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lotus_Improv I've been waiting ages for this. Desktop, web-based, tablets, however. Old timers may recall that Lotus Symphony had both database and spreadsheet features, like a multi-app. It was cool. At the time, Lotus Improv seemed like a healthy fusion, next logical step, minimum viable product. Improv was victim of the Innovators Dilemma plus installed base inertia. I remain impressed that even with their market dominance, Lotus was experimenting, releasing crazy new products, and willing to eat their own children. (Though I can't forgive Lotus Notes, sorry.) PG's original blurb ( http://ycombinator.com/ideas.html ): "22. A web-based Excel/database hybrid. People often use Excel as a lightweight database. I suspect there's an opportunity to create the program such users wish existed, and that there are new things you could do if it were web-based. Like make it easier to get data into it, through forms or scraping. Don't make it feel like a database. That frightens people. The question to ask is: how much can I let people do without defining structure? You want the database equivalent of a language that makes its easy to keep data in linked lists. (Which means you probably want to write it in one.)" Ragic claims to be a fulfillment of Idea #22. I haven't tried it, so can't comment. I'm just observing that Improv predates Idea #22 by about 1.5 decades. "There were often a few token people who were allowed to stay on in town provisionally: usually, they offered an unusual trade or service that a small town relied on, and were thus granted an exception to the sundown rules." http://dneiwert.blogspot.com/2008/01/how-to-out-sundown-town... Preface: I'm a white American, with plenty of WASP guilt. I forget the issue, but an African-American was in the news spewing the standard reprehensible winger talking points. An African-American coworker of mine said "There's always one", shaking his head in disgust. He probably let his guard down around me, because we got to know each other pretty well and he knew of my political activism (voting issues). I asked him to explain. He said no matter how stupid or extreme an issue, the white man could always find some black man to voice support. I'm guessing that "there's always one" is a cliche in the African-American world. Spike Lee's Boyz in the Hood, a fucking great movie, had scene depicting this phenomenon. So, in sum, when Clarence Thomas, Condi, or that US Rep Allen fruitcake says something retarded, it's still retarded, and I don't have to measure my criticism (of the idea) just because I'm white and the speaker is black. Run for office. See for yourself what it takes to win. Then check back with us. Yea! Because people are stoopid! Stoopid people shouldn't vote! "the only sane way of working with it is to subvert it." Perhaps. In my projects, I use wrapped exceptions to convert "what blew up" exceptions into "what to do about it" exceptions. A poor man's event routing. For example, I wrote an ETL workflow thingie that would retry, reset, restart, backoff (throttle) depending on what was failing. I'd be totally game for pre declaring what exceptions your code will catch, harkening back to the days of "on message do this" type programming. Then the compiler can tell verify that all the thrown exceptions get caught by somebody. Meanwhile, I've never had a problem with checked exceptions. Methinks the real cause of angst over checked exceptions are all these mindless frameworks, APIs, libraries, strategies, design patterns, aspects, inversion of common sense, injection of nonsense, etc. The complexity borne of the manner in which Spring, JPA, Hibernate, connection pooling, aspects, MVC, blah blah blah attempt to hide, obfuscate, decouple, mystify, pseudo architect "solutions" ... well, it's just insane. Someone upthread off-handedly noted the irony of declaring all these exceptions only to have the main event loop eat an exception without any logging. Story of my life. Debugging silent death failures really, really sucks. Which is why I work as "close to the metal" as possible and worry not about unchecked exceptions. I don't understand many shareholder lawsuits. Especially when the lawsuits are robo-generated, eg once a stock's value crosses a threshold. It seems like unnecessary, unproductive overhead. Like anyone is guaranteed a profit. As for Facebook, I'm ambivalent. Kinda like the housing bubble. Everyone with have a twit knew that prices were inflated. Most all the players were bad actors. And the people who choose to gamble, well, tough noogies. But what I do get worked up about is fraud. If Facebook lied, like the mortgage brokers, lenders, foreclosure goons, etc, as in made false statements in their filings, equivalent to committing purjury, then throw that book at them. That's contract law. There's no way for an open market to function well if the players are allowed to lie about legal statements. (Not that I think Facebook lied. Nor do I care; I'm not an investor. I'm just kinda amused that so many people were fleeced.) (My snarky response about voters being stoopid is more about the undemocratic impulses of libertarian fruitcakes. People given high quality information make high quality decisions. The remedy for bad decisions is education and patience, not yanking people's rights.) Potential upsides. Rarely realized. I'd rather pay for more cops. These technologies are just used to put more distance between the corporate profits and accountability to the communities effected. As a history lesson, dehumanizing intelligence services, preferring satellites and wiretaps to HUMINT, has crippled our capabilities. But it did enrich defense contractors, so it's all good. There are many, many Americas. City folk like to walk. The others not so much. Suburbanites DRIVE to the gym. We had some visitors from another office, took them to lunch, made it to the crosswalk (200ft), they asked "How far away is this place? We should have just driven." My medications are not optional. > I've never been able to wrap my head around meat-imitation > vegetarian and vegan options I was inching towards becoming a vegetarian. Being a foodie is a pretty effective strategy. Substitutes are great because vegetarian food is (can be) great. Thai panang curry made with seitan tastes great. Brown rice and Field Roast (tm) tastes great. Deep fried tofu tastes great. Then it's not about giving up meat. It's more like choosing something else and not having time for meat. An different example. I'm now working towards the troglodiet, informed by Dr Terry Wahls, Eat To Live, 4 Hour Body, etc. Veggies, veggies, and more veggies. Meat. Seeds and nuts. Legumes. Wahls suggests eating 9 cups of fruit and veggies a day (in addition to the rest). If you can do that, you don't have time, attention, appetite, craving, etc for simple carbs like treats, rice, pasta, potato. (I coined the term "troglodiet". Hysterical, right?) I wouldn't down-vote your comment. During my interview with that team, one of the kids proudly took credit for the span tag. A weekend hack. Committed the code and shipped it. No review. SOP. Being more standards-minded at the time, I wanted to throttle the kid. With the benefit of hindsight, I see that all the jitter and experimentation was pretty much ideal. If a feature proves useful, other browsers may adopt it, and it may become a de facto standard. Tips like yours makes me wish I had studied a lot more of the classics, drama, etc. One "trick" that drives me bugga is the plot device. Like all kids of an age, my son devoured the Harry Potter books. Trying to be a good dad, shared interests, and all that, I tried to read those books. As far as I got, Rowling would write the protagonists into wedge and then throw in some awesome new power to get them out. Like a bad Star Trek TNG episode or pretty much all of Dragon Ball Z (which was still fun to watch with my kid). Haha. Never thought of Harry Potter as manga before. Anyhoo. Compared to Neil Gaiman's efforts. Especially his children's books. They're perfectly formed spheres, without flaw. His stories are internally consistent and conflict resolution happens in a (suspended belief) believable way. Truly. My enjoyment of Monsters, Inc. takes nothing away from my awe of Akira. Different movies, songs, activities for different moods, wants, desires. It's been a tough year. So the partner and I have been watching a lot of romantic comedies. As a caveman, I'm surprised by how much I've been enjoying them. Agreeing with you: Absolutists (like RMS) expand the Overton Window. I'm more BSD than GPL, but without RMS, BSD would be seen as radical. ESR wrote: Unfortunately, RMS made an early decision to frame his advocacy as a moral crusade rather than a pragmatic argument about engineering practices and outcomes. Having done a bit of policy work, value statements are what works. "Intellectuals" (progressives, geeks, libertarians) think The Right Answer wins. Nope. Cite George Lakoff, David Domke, Thomas Frank, Noam Chomsky... Further, open source is a moral issue. Example: Diebold hid their software. We lost transparency of our elections. Bad things happened. John Bonifaz and voteraction.org proved in court that John Kerry won New Mexico in 2004. The same things happened nationwide. Extrapolate. Ditto medical devices, our personal data, etc. So I'm with RMS. I'm sorry that RMS makes ESR feel weird. Tough. My data is me, I am my data. What I eat, my shoe size, where I've been, the drugs I take, where I work, my mortgage and tax payments, the movies I like. Netflix should pay me for the honor of storing, mining, analysing, and reselling any and all information about me. Ditto every one else peddling my data. Exploiting me (and you) for profit. I want my cut. A Group Is Its Own Worst Enemy http://shirky.com/writings/group_enemy.html Hmmm. So is Windows 8 a horse? Or a duck? I like Metro quite a bit. Alas, I can't suspend disbelief and trust that this time Microsoft will remain committed to their latest greatest new thing, not lose interest and wander off in a few years, and not screw all the developers who bought into the latest pyramid scheme. I think a lot of other people like Metro too. I just attended an designer graduate student thesis project gallery exhibit whatever. 2/3rds of the UIs were strongly Metro-esque. Some very cool designs. I have no doubt Metro will spawn copycats. > Threw the JS into closure compiler with advanced optimisations > and pretty print and out comes relatively unobfuscated code... Boss hack. That strategy would have never occurred to me. Thanks! Java, XML/XSL/XSD, and design patterns (gone wild) all hit about the same time. Most (but not all) of my pain slinging Java come from misuse of XML and design patterns. Now we're on to services (SOA). Yippee. It's just a socket, marshaling, retry logic. Does it really need its own ecosystem of consultants, conferences, and books? Java the language could be more terse with type inference, string literals, default visibility modifiers, and some other syntactic sugar. (I'm pretty optimistic about Ceylon as a successor.) But 18 years on, for the most part, I'm still very pleased with Java. Except autoboxing and annotations; garbage. Java the platform (JDK, J2EE, java.util. , collections, javax. , misc APIs) should be burned to the ground, plowed under, and complete do over. And any one who says "factory method" gets keelhauled. > ...incorrectly observe what YC is and apply something very different. Heh. I once captured an employer's engineering methodology (from memory) thusly: - misunderstand the problem - exclude domain experts and stakeholders from decision making - make decisions - don't tell anyone - (post mortem) identify nonparticipants to scape goat - repeat It's a dog eat dog world. Your mistake was incorrectly assessing the incentives. You thought you were helping. But you were actually threatening to topple an existing power structure. Unwise. A story. A coworker ("Dan") automated his timesheet reporting, allegedly for "budgeting", something we all hated doing. Dan would select some project codes, target hours worked for the week, choose percentages, and his macro would randomly fill out a time sheet. The kicker was he used increments of 5 minutes (vs quarter hours, whatever). Meanwhile, his office mate ("Stan") kept meticulous time sheets. Actually honest. A few weeks later, Dan gets recognized and rewarded for his awesome time sheet. A role model for us all. (Stan flips out. I mean really loses it. It was hysterical.) So. Were I you working in that environment, I would have mimicked your output with the macro(s). Same error rate. Same time duration. Let it run in the background while you're doing something else more enjoyable. Maybe dial the accuracy or finish time up and down so you'd occasionally get a perk. Like a dog gets its treat. If you wanted to be really subversive, you could share your tool with some favored coworkers. Strictly quid pro quo, because your "friends" are the first to screw you over. So make sure you have dirt on anyone you help. Lameness of boss is a bigger factor than company size. This story is of a 80 person company. I had a job working for founder and president. Primary product was very complicated, requiring lotsa training and effort. Think purpose built Adobe Illustrator for creating manufacturing production plans. Kudos to him for making a capable, dependable product that had 80% market share. He was very proud. The growth goal of the company was to "automate" our customer's workflow. After a few years, I understood the problem domain well enough to take a crack at it. I wrote forms-based app that automatically generated the production plans. You spec a couple variables and style of work, and viola, production plan. Took about 1 month to implement. I show my new app around the office. Lotsa excitement. Time to demo to the founder. I show him what's what. He asks me to try a few tricky scenarios. No problem. He then walks out of my office. No "good job". No "I gotta take this call". Dude never spoke to me again. (Our offices were adjacent.) I then figured out that founder didn't want a better solution. He wanted other people to fail trying to find a better solution, thereby validating his awesomeness. My advice to anyone with a game changing idea: Shut up. Figure out an exit strategy. Capture the benefit / reward for yourself. About that hate speech... Tara Carreon responded: "There is now plenty of proof that Matt Inman is one of a gang of people who promote the same type of ideas that inspired Jared Loughner to try and kill Gabrielle Giffords," she wrote. "Mark Potok of the Southern Poverty Law Center, who studies hate groups and hate speech, examined Loughner's sites and concluded that his material on grammar, in particular, likely came from the writings of far right activist David Wynn Miller. If you Google Matt Inman + grammar, you will find a similar obsession. And similar hate." Citing SPLC suggests Tara Carreon is left leaning. But her misunderstanding / misuse of "hate speech" is very right wing. Kind of like how trogs don't grok that Colbert is making fun of them. Hate speech is wishing harm on your opponents for political reasons. Calling people names is not hate speech. Neither is making fun of people. That's just being a dick. Alas, wingers don't get that distinction. I suspect the root cause (mental failing) also explains trogs rampant false equivalency (e.g. Clinton got a blow job == Bush allowing 9/11, illegally invading a foreign country, killing 100,000s of its citizens, making refugees out of a few million, and using depleted uranium to convert much of the formerly inhabited areas into Superfund sites). I once had a winger tell me that the Rodney King riots in LA were an example of left wing hate speech. The stupid, it hurts. I honestly can't decide if trogs say ridiculous non sequiturs because they're thick or if it's merely to distract and enrage (a la Limbaugh, Beck, Coulter). I've decided to simply judge people by their actions, vs their intent. The grandma having sex with a bear is obviously funny. To you and me. But the trogs can't see it that way. Any mocking is a direct personal attack demanding a defensive response. Inman didn't know the Carreon's were mentally impaired. But for future, just know that trogs will misunderstand, misinterpret, twist, assume the worst, distort, etc. No one can control the audience's reaction. But in my mocking, I do try to avoid borderline humor which can be labeled "hate speech". No sense giving the trogs another chew toy. And there's no shortage of funny stuff to say. There is no MVC. A design pattern is a reusable solution to problem, given a certain context (set of constraints). My design pattern study group iterated over the Gang of Four book 3 times, please many others. The MVC sessions were the least constructive. No two people could agree on what is and isn't MVC. Or MVP. No, you're not doing it right. Oh, MVC can only be done "correctly" using Smalltalk. Yadda yadda yadda. I can't even begin to discuss "MVC web frameworks". Huh? Methinks the only reason for "MVC" is to justify Spring, inversion of control, containers, dependency injection, annotations, and all that other useless enterprisey J2EE-esque shovelware. I agree with jerf's statement (upthread) that devs should worry more about DRY than MVC. Just half? I had to read Tara Carreon's quote for myself. The "hate speech" reference jumped out. No one else had commented on it. Probably because few here are as political as me, so wouldn't know that it's a politically charged phrase. Oh, I forgot to mention something. Carreon's equating Inman to Jared Loughner is just sick. As in reprehensible. No different than invoking Hitler (Godwin's Law). And is a pretty good example of hateful (vs hate) speech. It's an accident of history, snapshot of time that most anti-intellectuals currently vote Republican. Of course not, since I could not even begin to think [Rails and Spring] are related. Sure they are. Spring is the Java community's effort to get some of that dynamic programming goodness (ahem). Rails is the Ruby community's effort to reproduce the unmaintainable mess of J2EE. You couldn't have one without the other. I'm very aware of Fowler's write ups. That one is a pretty good summary. In that it's descriptive, but IMHO is completely unactionable (prescriptive). I've written a direct manipulation vector structured graphics program. Think FreeHand / Illustrator with a scenegraph. I tried every which way to make something MVC esque. No can do. I believe, but cannot prove, that the MVC failing(s), eg tight coupling, unclear flow of control, comes from the Observer/Listener like message passing between the players. Further, I believe some future UI paradigm will be a hybrid, mutant love child, inspired by, of functional reactive programming and an VRML-97 like event model (FROM->TO style patchcord event routing). It's on my to do list, but I'm easily distracted and followed thru. "If you're not failing now and then, you're not trying hard enough" -- Bill Joy (from memory) Gassee cracks me up. The way John Dvorak used to. I read Monday Note because Gassee seems to one of two people who understand what's happening to traditional publishing and news. (The other being Clay Shirky.) Gassee has been pretty candid about how Jobs schooled him when Apple was choosing between BeOS and Next. That Gassee has learned from both his successes and failures impresses me. As for his time at PalmSource, I can't say much. I tried some Palm dev work, didn't light my fire, so I ignored Palm(Source). However, there was a pretty good post mortem of HP, Palm, WebOS a week or two back. WebOS had a shot, but blew it Untouchable's style (brought a knife to a gun fight). Thanks for the cite. I couldn't imagine anything worse that the Stalinistic "360 degree" reviews I've experienced. I was wrong. Here I thought Scrum was ridiculous. Then along comes kanban. I'm an enthusiastic student of methodologies, consider Deming and Drucker are patron saints, and look for "one way flow" and "eliminate waste" (muda) opportunities everywhere . I've now been on 4 scrum teams. I've been thru "master scrum training" three times. I have no idea what they're talking about. As far as I can tell, the Scrum methodology means talking about what "scrum" means. (Another possibility is that "scrum" is easier to say than "we have no idea what we're doing".) See, I'm a GANTT chart, critical path, front load as much as possible, and iterate madly kinda guy. Worked great all the times I was in charge. My current team is doing kanban. We have post-it notes that we move around. I have no idea what they represent. Chunking work like this is unnatural. There's really no way to infer the whole (work in the large, get a birds eye view) from the kanban project management artifacts. I don't see how scrum or kanban relate to QA and testing. I've asked. (I used to be a QA manager, not very good, but I understood the work.) There's just arm waving "magic goes here" between the incompatible acceptable testing ("when are you done?") and the artificial sprint deadlines. We also duplicate the kanban items in a bug tracking system. Ignoring the failings of Jira for a moment, I fail to see how how any mediated process can be "agile". I could go on and on. Fastest Java solution I've seen to date: kryo - Fast, efficient Java serialization and cloning http://code.google.com/p/kryo/ It'd be fun to see how kryo stacks against native C++. *I don't know of any other profession that has such elaborate...* Education (the profession) comes close. But probably does more damage long term. #1 - I understand kanban in the physical (mfg) world perfectly well. It might even have value in some knowledge/creative industries, where there's a solid, predetermined, well defined workflow. Publishing, for instance. What I'm saying is that the kanban strategy does not apply to software development. Full stop. Does not map. Not applicable. Completely unrelated. Irrelevant. Moot. Nonsensical. Like measuring feline happiness in banana units. If my employer could effectively chunk my work into itty bitty little stickies, they wouldn't need me. #2 - When have you seen a scrum iteration planned around the QA/test cycle? Never? The sprints are defined by PHBs, devs grudgingly play along, QA/test can just suck it. A real QA/test org would say a product is done when its done. I've not seen that happen on any scrum project. Rather, products are done when they've run out of time or juice (eg Yourdon's death march). #1 - Use cases can be chunked. The first iteration. There after it's all fit, wiggle, finish, adjustment. We have daily back and froths about "the other 90%" of effort. The PHBs want stickies for all the inevitable ancillary tasks that spawn from top level tasks. To me, it's just make work, the "process tax" that Yegge refers to. #2 - I'd agree with you about "by sprint end" for unit tests and any other harnesses that devs can write. But real QA/test work? I just don't see it. When I've been in charge, the three areas (reqs, dev, test) are interleaved. Makes for nice feedback loops. If dev and test had their own sprints, with test trailing by a week or so, I could almost see that working. #2b - I've never seen sprints finish nicely, where unfinished work (points) didn't carry over to the next sprint. Total fiction that anything gets "done". With proper project management, imho, the scope of work is predetermined and things get dropped to meet a hard deadline, or the deadline is pushed. And the final acceptance testing (e.g. go/no-go process), without fail, takes two weeks. That's tacked on to the tail of when everyone has jointly decided that everything's "done". I've yet to see that kind of quality, rigor, professionalism using scrum. #1 - I've never seen UI work that simple. Ever. Maybe my problem is that I'm working on interesting projects. #2 - Tom Lasseter (Pixar) supposedly said "We release snapshots of our movies, they're never done." #1 - I've never seen UI work that simple. Ever. Maybe my problem is that I'm working on interesting projects. #2 - Tom Lasseter (Pixar) supposedly said "We release snapshots of our movies, they're never done." As a life-long of reader "hard" sci-fi, making me a renown expert, IMHO: How will humans survive the radiation? How will humans remain mentally healthy? I don't think we can feasibly become space faring until those challenges, and probably some others, are addressed. Edit: Oh, I just had an idea. How do people with Asperger's deal with isolation, boredom, continuous contact with a handful of other people? Maybe there's a subgroup of people who are mentally perfectly adapted for space travel. I met Grady Booch at the kickoff meeting for the Society of Software Architects (or some such). OOPSLA 1998 in Vancouver. I asked Grady Booch "What is software architecture?" He answered "Software architecture is what software architects 'do'." At that point I stopped caring. Until I found the book Design Rules: The Power of Modularity. http://www.amazon.com/Design-Rules-Vol-Power-Modularity/dp/0... It is the sole source I've ever encountered that had anything useful, actionable, insightful, informative, rigorous, etc. Alas, I've never been able to synthesis Design Rules' methodology into any of my efforts. Because what I do is software craftsmanship . I've designed some awesome stuff (and a lot of crap). But nothing rigorous, repeatable, explainable. For a few years, I bought every software design book I could find. Some of them actually good. But the ones claiming to be about "software architecture" are really describing software craftsmanship. Describe as in descriptive, vs prescriptive. From memory, Design Rules states that architecture is the set of visible design choices in a product. The entire thesis of the book, backed by oodles of case studies and data, is that deciding where the lines between subsystems, the interfaces, and the allowable parameters for those interfaces, is architecture. PS- Just read the OP. Nothing actionable. Move along. I'm projecting. As an extrovert, I'd go nuts. So clearly I'm not making the trip. I'm more worried about the time in transit. For sanity, my assumption is that humans will need the ability to easily increase / decrease metabolism. So that 6 month, year, century trip would seem like a few days. For radiation, I think space faring humans will need to be radiation hardened somehow. taking "required courses" (Math, Physics, Chemistry, Biology... So smart. Many of my best developers came from outside of CS: bus driver, ballet dancer, EE, history, poly sci, mfg, aerospace, etc. You forgot my camp: Persons so abused by Microsoft over the years that I'm fresh out of goodwill. Metro looks bitchin. I can't wait for others to copy it. But I can't imagine Microsoft sustaining their commitment. Nor can I imagine them not trashing whatever investment I've made in their platform(s), either as a user or as a dev. My employer has "roaming" wifi. I can walk around, change floors, change buildings and not lose connection. I don't know how they do it. It's very cool. Compared to... I was contracting at AT&T Wireless for a few months. Worst enterprise IT I've experienced. Getting a desk phone to work was near impossible. No one could access their voicemail. No voicemail - email bridge. The in-house chat/voice conferencing didn't work (stutter, dropped connections, couldn't login). You'd lose wifi connection walking down the hall, requiring full reauthentication for everything (signin, VPN, db connections, etc). I accidently upvoted you. So please mentally -1 for this post. I'd characterize your reply as concern trolling. I've done my share of FOIA requests. I imagine I've heard most every excuse. Including "We lost the backup tapes." Being charitable, the reason public records requests are hard, expensive to fulfill is because efficient records management is rare, making finding and retrieval difficult. Someone may chime in suggesting CMS, workflow, sharepoint, whatever. Yea. If it was just that easy, everyone would be doing it. it took the act of writing a book to realize this fundamental design flaw. Not cool. Most everyone is too close to their own work. Writers need editors. Artists need critics. Devs need QA/test. Fortunately, letting code rest for 6+ months is a pretty good strategy for getting a "new mind". So is explaining your work to someone else, such as writing about it. Regulators were part of the problem leading up to these disasters. aka regulatory capture http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Regulatory_capture Until we start punishing regulators and the politicians who push these policies... Hate the game, not the players. The correct answer is, and has been, to have a balance of powers. The forging of the US Constitution has been described as an "orgy of mistrust". Having mutual antagonists playing off each others, preferably in a three way fight, is the best medicine devised thus far. Opposing fraud and for the "free market" (aka laissez faire) are mutually exclusive. Just wishful thinking. On open market requires regulation. For instance, we need contract law, transparency, fair and impartial court system, for the market to work efficiently and effectively. Ok. In the libertarian utopia, who covers the cost of running the courts? It's just TV. I let other people figure out what's worth watching. (Very little.) Collaborative filtering is great. At the same time, people get equally outraged when terrorists kill people and then want to blame CIA for their failings. Right! It's almost ridiculous how some people get so indignant about about imagined pacifist dirty hippies; I can almost feel their spittle as they typety tap tap their anonymous comments. At the same time, those narcissistic people get equally outraged when their imagined political opponents don't actually hold those silly projected beliefs and then want to blame those opponents for not buying into their logical fallacies. Blah, blah, blah. Insert filler nonsensical blather here. End with some mindless proclamation demonstrating my reasonableness and obvious moral superiority. We have been on a hiring binge lately and it is very difficult to find candidates who know anything but Microsoft tools. Geography. A buddy in Louisiana who was looking for a job tells me there's nothing but Microsoft stack. Where I live, it depends which side of the lake you live on. It's been a long time (late '90s) since I've seen a formalized (documented) interview process. It helped immensely. We basically treated recruiting like a sales funnel, had a ranking/scoring system, had self-selecting teams, etc. Since then, seems like everyone's just making it up as they go. Hiring, evals, reqs, QA/test, whatever. The pinnacle of methodology may have sucked, but at least we all pretended to try. When I interview candidates now, when it's a "no", I chop it off asap. I give precise reasons why, as nicely as possible. It's fair, honest, constructive, and is how I would want to be treat. I also believe in the Roman Evaluation Method, where anything less than a yes by everyone is a no. Alas, I'm a solo act in a large organization. eg, Another interviewer, even after it's a clear "No" (we compare notes via IM), let's things drag on, always doing the "do you have any questions for us?" bit, and then wraps up with a "our people will contact you..." Tangent: I'm grumpy that Eclipse IDE uses the file names .project and .classpath. So they're hidden by default. Requiring special treatment. Their content is XML. What's wrong with project.xml and classpath.xml? Oh, please. There's no shortage of troglodytes advocating women stay at home, in the kitchen, bare footed, and pregnant. There's even laments about women suffrage (enfranchisement, right to vote). You don't have to look very hard to find whack jobs of any stripe to use as justification for own reactionary / oppositional views. Post divorce, stretches of solo parenting is the norm. Yup. aka Clean room design. Alas, not a defense for patent IP. Best political advice I ever got was "Never volunteer. Make them ask you to do it." Every time I've ever fixed something or made something awesome, I've been punished. The times I've played it detached and cool, grudgingly do some seemingly impossible task (which is actually easy), I get rewarded. I've said this here before: If you ever do something awesome, tell no one. If it's awesome enough and the stars line up, convert it into your next startup and eat your former benefactor's lunch. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Good_Roads_Movement Not losing also explains much of legislation politics and campaign debates. Survive this round of the contest, you get another bite at the apple. Maybe, just maybe, you'll work up enough courage to grab for the brass ring. Such as reach for higher office. Or pass some important legislation. In politics, any position you take will offend someone. So you become cautious. "Keep your powder dry" for the imagined future contest. Only jump on board the bandwagon when it's crystal clear, so then when it goes bad you can use the safety of the herd to avoid repercussions. Watch political "debates" sometime, you'll see that frontrunners play to not lose, because the person left standing wins. Substances like mercury or lead spring to mind... Ditto chemo, steroids, smoking, alcohol, marijuana, human growth factor... Professional baseball fathers seem to have quite a few kids with physical troubles. I've always wondered if it's job related. The donation process sucks too. Really? AEI? Minimum wage hasn't kept up with inflation. Debt financed consumption. You're trying too hard. This stuff isn't that complicated. Lies, damned lies, and statistics. I rather like the AEI. It serves a purpose. Kind of like a honeypot. OP is about why Millennials aren't buying cars and houses. Whereas OP includes values (eg smartphones vs cars), thaumaturgy also says they don't have the cash. No reasonable person can deny wage stagnation, rising unemployment, increasing costs (education, food, housing, and transportation). yummyfajitas gets argumentative, citing some libertarian fallacies. specialist refutes yummy. liber8 gets pedantic, forgetting original point. I was working towards vegetarian. Long story short, I'm now working towards the Dr. Terry Wahls diet: 9 cups of vegetables per day, please meats, legumes, supplements. Think troglodiet, cave man diet, super Atkins (which I prev thought was bullshit). My health's improved. My psoriasis is going away. Ditto my gf, a full vegetarian for years. Muscle pain and inflammation going away. Other benefits. I'd probably be a vegetarian if I had more time. 9 cups of veggies per day is a lot of work. To completely give up meat, I'd have to work even harder to get the proper nutrition. > Offshore is, most of the times, about getting the same quality of work at cheaper cost. I have yet to experience that joy. Rather, offshore means lots of unnecessary documentation, train someone to do my job (promoting me to "lead"), watch them get it wrong, try to coach them onto the correct path, high turnover (so I have to train and coach again in a few months), do a complete rewrite at the 11th hour, then be blamed by the bean counters that I sabotaged the effort somehow. No doubt the same thing happens in house. But with in house, if we find a good egg, we get to keep them, get some ROI back from the learning curve. Last millennium, I wrote software for print manufacturing, eg newspapers, magazines, books, flyers... Tasks like image positioning, color trapping, bindery, etc. Super fun work. Even then, only the biggest clients spent money. Since then -- post dotcom bust, 9/11, Bush looting of economy, rise of online, decline of advertising, switch from offset CMYK press to digital composite printing (eg color laserjet), rise of ebooks -- there's even less money for capital improvements. With the benefit of hindsight, I can't imagine printers staying ahead of the phenomenal rate of technical change AND the constantly shifting marketplace. So I think the print manufacturers have had a pretty good strategy: huge initial investment and then ride that sled all the way to the bottom. Anticipating the disruptive near term technologies for all manufacturing (eg 3D printing, mass customization), I just don't see a sizable market for 3rd party software coming back. I've half-concluded that smart software/IT investment money would be for in house development. To out run one's competitors. I watched some of those documentaries. Loose Change was the worst. Shows image of Pentagon, "proving" it wasn't a plane that stuck the building. Image is cropped. Original image shows debris field, including plane's engine. I'm a Popperian. Theories must be falsifiable. If any of the 9/11 Truther theories invalidate or improve on the NIST explanation for how WTC 7 fell, you let me know. As for the politics, whatever. Bush/Cheney allowed 9/11 to happen. And then they capitalized on the aftermath. So what? There's no evidence that is actionable. You're outraged? Big deal. While you're refighting past battles, the bad guys are gleefully stealing your future. Having said that, the 9/11 Truther groups are basically cults. No different than the La Rouchians, Scientologists, climate change deniers, Clinton Killed Vince Foster, etc. People addicted to anger busy disempowering themselves. Hysterical. Behind every fad or movement, there's someone making a back. Just had a mini panic. Both Windows 7 guest (blech) and Linux 2.6.18 (aka Oracle Developer Days) guest just launched on OSX 10.8.2, VirtualBox 4.1.20r80170, no problems. Oracle just release VirtualBox 4.2. Release notes mention Mountain Lion support. http://www.oracle.com/us/corporate/press/1842885 Happy Hunting! > It's amazing what some companies ask you to send via email. My state allows people to cast ballots via email. During the hearing, some retired National Guard General testified that "security has gotten really good". I assume he's on the payroll of the vendor, but I didn't bother to check (this time). > compelling absurdity It's also plausible. Early Autodesk's entire business model was built on top of fleecing their dealer (value-added reseller) channel. Ditto franchises, pyramid marketing, ponzi schemes. That said, if you're smart and very lucky, it's possible to make real money playing in someone else's sandbox. > Regulatory capture is an intrinsically hard problem. What's beginning to bug me about regulatory capture is that it's a two party system: subject and observer. Seems to frail. The brilliance of the US constitution is the balance of power between executive, legislative, and judicial. Over the long term, it seems to be largely self-correcting. Or at least correctable. That the players are fighting each other is the only thing that's keeps everyone honest. There's some cliche about mutual distrust guaranteeing trust in a system For all the belly aching about over bearing government and onerous regulation, it seems to me the regulators are way too cozy with the entities they regulate. In general. Oh well. I haven't been able to imagine a system other than subject and observer. So I can't imagine a persistent system resistant to regulatory capture. Maybe there's some novel market-based solutions which build in the right incentives. Kind of like the capitation model for healthcare, which rewards wellness (vs the USA's current fee-for-service model which rewards treating disease.). Or maybe one of those self-managed collectives, like the managed fisheries of the north east, who's mission is to prevent the tragedy of the commons (destroying a common resource). Working as planned? I wouldn't know. I'm not talking about the pathology of the USA govt. What I'm trying to do is talk about systems more resistant to regulatory capture. What marvels me is the three-way fight. It just seems much more self-balancing. And great things happen when people have to hash things out. Back when I was a product manager, I structured the team to mimic the balance of powers. (That particular company was engineering dominated, which got fairly pathological.) Marketing was in charge of price and scope. Engineering was in charge of cost and schedule. QA was in charge of testing and shipping. Give and take. Creative tension. The outcome was brilliant. After a storming period, the team settled into a tempo and always made our dates and sales numbers. I don't know if setting up a three-way fight is a repeatable organizational structure. But it's the best idea I've come across to date. The only other idea I have is increased transparency. (PS- All big decision were made democratically, with various kinds of voting systems. eg Go/NoGo was roman evaluation, triage was risk management style, etc.) I'm totally onboard with aligning incentives with desired (societal) outcomes. > C code has much better control over the layout of data in memory . Yes. This presentation really drives that point in. Building Memory-Efficient Java Applications: Practices and Challenges http://www.cs.virginia.edu/kim/publicity/pldi09tutorials/mem... (There are plenty of other sources too.) Our Java study group tackled this paper. To prepare for the discussion, I tried to put my XML document object model implementation on a diet. Super fun. Modest benefits. > You can work around the GC issues and modern compilers work around > the interpretation overhead, but a C program is going to tend to > have the easiest time ensuring that its working set fits into cache. As I understand it (h/t Joe Bowbeer), Doug Lea and others have been doing very cool work micro tuning data structures suitable for use on multicore systems. So it's possible. But definitely not trivial; certainly beyond my abilities. > Meditation is a state, where the mind is completely silent That wasn't my experience. I tried very hard to attain that "no thought" state. At best, I was able to let my thoughts flow without holding on to them. I concluded that silent mind thing is an analogy. The opposite of "don't think of a pink elephant" causes you to think of a pink elephant. When you have "no thought" you just let the thought come and go without trying to process (consider, internalize, whatever) it. But I haven't compared notes with others, gurus, whomever. YMMV. Great question. I don't know. Public v private is a two-way fight. On my product team, I gave QA a seat at the table, creating a three-way fight. Since I don't have any original notions of my own, I'm watching out for ideas, experiments, alternatives, supplements to public v private. The only notion I've got is public v private v citizen. By citizen, I roughly mean open government, transparency, accountability. I've been VERY politically involved. In my spare time, I'm trying to make tools to better empower future citizen activists. Maybe level the playing field a bit. > How does distance affect brightness? Red shift. The universe is filled with photons. But as the universe expands, everything moving away from everything else, the human visible light moves into the infrared spectrum. I used to write software for print manufacturing. Paper is high tech. It's also appropriate tech for many use cases. In addition to privacy, paper is durable. Being physical, it's possible to safe guard the chain of custody. Paper is also largely tamper evident. I'm still weirded out by digital signatures, both the crypto and fax kind. How are they challenged, verified, revoked? Electronic mediated transactions make sense when systems are double entry (credits and debits) so that each party has their own audit trail. But they seem rather virtual to me for things like transfer of ownership and voting. Learning about the legalities of digital signatures is on my to do list. True. But, anecdotally, I never leave Office programs running, because they seem to chew thru my battery. I like Entourage better than Mail.app, but use Mail.app because it sips battery. Grids are awesome. So awesome in fact, that I created DesignGridLayout, a Java Swing layout manager. Jean Francois Poilpret has been the project owner for years and extended far beyond my original vision. http://designgridlayout.java.net It has a mostly "fluent API", so you just add components and it mostly figures out columns and spanning widths. Pretty much nothing you've written is true. I've been studying election administration in the USA for a few years, having worked as a pull judge, pull inspector, and observer. I've attended HAVA hearings, EAC hearings, and testified many times. Etc. New Jersey is now issuing and CASTING ballots electronically. In the clear. By "complications for privacy", you must mean the complete lack of privacy. There is no privacy. Zero. None. Zilch. The only balloting system in the USA that preserves the secret ballot is a dropping your ballot into the ballot box at a poll site. Because the box scrambles the order. Postal balloting can partially preserve the secret ballot (on the receiving end) if proper rules are followed (but generally aren't). Exactly no electronic system preserves the secret ballot. You misrepresent the photo identification requirement. Meaning it's a complete non-issue trumped to scare people. In the USA, everyone must first be registered (except in North Dakota?), which establishes your eligibility to vote. On election day, until recently, voters merely have to prove who they are with any form of identification showing their current address. This is mostly to ensure voters are issued the correct ballot (for their precinct). Knowing what I know about the history of election administration and its current direction, I'm curious to learn what you'd consider "moves us forward"? I'll even give you an out: Anyone advocating any form of electronically mediated voting must admit that it eliminates all voter privacy (secret ballot) and most of the public vote count (ability to audit). So the challenge is to create the digital successor to the Australian Ballot system used in the USA. Something that will give all observers confidence that elections are run clean and fair, despite the lose of voter privacy. Any thing short of that, you're just blowing smoke. It's a good book. I love the quote about "electronic voting being crack for conspiracy theorists". But the conclusion is correct: Electronic voting cannot preserve voter privacy or ensure the public vote count. So it shouldn't be used. Note that Rubin also worked on the SERVE project for the DoD, reaching the same conclusion. But the money people keep the dream alive. I've been lied to so many times by so many election administrators, I would take Thatcher's advice: Trust, but verify. There's a difference between CANNOT tell how you voted, vs we didn't look. We cool. Thanks for following up. I assumed too much about your circumstances. Paper ballots cast at a poll site is the only way to absolutely ensure voter privacy. The Australian Ballot method. The reason it works is because the ballot box scrambles the order of ballots, so they can't be tied to individual voters. (There are some exceptions, like very small precincts.) Voting electronically eliminates that anonymizing scrambling. If it scrambled the order, they'd never be able to audit the process. Postal ballots (aka vote by mail) has to be done just right to protect voter privacy. Many jurisdictions don't scramble the ballots because of the added expense. #1 - We have two political parties in the USA because of our winner takes all form of elections. No matter how big the pie, two sides will each attempt to form the smallest winning coalition. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duvergers_law #2 - Anything that weakens the political parties strengthens the monied interests. The American experiment has always been wealth vs democracy. Bad as our parties are, plutocracy is worse. This may change with the rise of issues-based political organizations. #3 - In the USA, we vote on everything, and we are not homogeneous. My local Republicans would be considered Democrats else where. #4 - Don't be distracted by the party politics. Reforms which would most improve our democracy, in order, are: a) Fair redistricting, meaning maximal competitiveness, minimal incumbency protection. b) Universal voter registration, just like every other western democracy. c) Public financing of campaigns. d) Restore the fairness doctrine. That's pretty much it. A good start. Everything else is just rearranging the deck chairs on the Titanic. (I've got a separate list for election integrity reform.) Interesting idea. I prefer approval voting, which is very easy to administrate. I whole heartedly support replacing winner takes all with approval voting, which is easier to administrate, far more robust, and more fair. But that's a huge change. Fortunately, there are smaller, more beneficial changes we can do while working to replace winner takes all. (See other comment.) I haven't looked at Civitas. The other crypto based voting systems I did study don't actually hide voter's identity in real world elections. The trick to these systems is there's some one-way hash done. This requires a lot of ballots, with enough hash collisions to ensure one's ballot gets lost within the herd. Alas, elections in the USA are precinct-based, typically 1 to 1,000 voters in size. And our ballots are complicated. My ballot this election had 20 issues. So combinatorially, it's very likely my ballot will be utterly unique within my precinct. Meaning my ballot is not secret. Edit: Clarification at end. Yup. There is exactly no way to ensure the secret ballot (voter privacy) or public count (auditable results) with any form of electronic voting. Article is about voter preference for electronic voting machines vs paper. Where OP voted, there was no line for paper, a small queue for electronic. When I served as a poll inspector, our poll site had one touchscreen. Voters would use it if it was open. Aside: touchscreen advocates claim voting electronically is faster. Not true. I timed many voters casting ballots both electronically and using paper. Close enough to make no difference. But god help you if there's a hiccup with the touchscreens. Yup. I'm totally, utterly against electronic voting of any form. I'll weakly support ballot optical devices at poll sites in many USA jurisdictions, because our ballots can be quite complicated, until someone shows me that hand counting is generally feasible. With 30 issues on a ballot, sort / stack / count can get ugly. Aside: Thank you for your work on elections. I wish more geeks would actually work an election, or at least observe, before spewing about how to fix voting systems. Have you observed central count? I think you'll be less enthusiastic once you understand how it works. In my jurisdiction, ballots are stuffed into an image scanner (like a high speed fax) as they arrive, the votes are detected, any ambiguous votes are "electronically adjudicated" meaning workers alter the database to correct for voter intent or write ins. There's a nightly summary report, allowing people to peek at early results. Add the problems with USPS losing 1% of all first class mail, and the lower end demographics being more mobile (changes of address), you get some real disenfranchisement issues. It's true that vote by mail increases turnout, mostly with primary and special elections. It's also true that vote by mail silently disenfranchises about the same number of people it enfranchises. The correct solution is postal ballots for people who need them, poll sites for every one else. Thereby maximizing the number of people enfranchised and minimizing the number disenfranchised. No election official has ever disputed my 1% statement. They've had plenty of opportunity to refute it (e.g. hearings). I filed FOIA requests with USPS, which they ignored. The metrics are done by a private third party, claiming the data is propriety (privatization allows govt to hide uncomfortable truths). I got the numbers client lawsuit against USPS. Bulk mailers do their own metrics / tracking (using test mailings). They claimed USPS's "UAA rate" (undeliverable as addressed) was higher than claimed, so they shouldn't be charged as much. To the best of my knowledge, there are no USA jurisdictions that manually count ballots for the first count. Manual counting is only triggered by mandatory recounts, and then limited to just the races affected. Most central counts have been using optical mark sense scanners, which are those multiple choice test reader thingies. Douglas Jones has posted online an excellent survey and explanation of various election equipment used. http://homepage.cs.uiowa.edu/~jones/voting/ My jurisdiction is very liberal about trying to count every vote marked, per voter intent. I understand that other jurisdictions will reject whole ballots if there's any problems scanning it. With mark sense equipment, if I ballot doesn't read correctly, it's corrected. Ballots can be unreadable for all sorts of reasons, water damage, unfortunate paper fold, ballot printed askew, etc. Full image scanner are newer. Votes are inferred using image processing (recognition), vs diodes firing off. "Electronic adjudication" breaks the paper trail. To correct for voter intent, they're changing records in a database. Versus modifying / correcting ballots or ballot duplication (copying votes to a ballot which will then scan correctly). Skimmed that paper. Thanks for link. Nice to see Civitas would use a tamper evident log file (rolling temporal hash). Alas, generally, encoding the order of the ballots cast destroys voter privacy. I stand by my earlier comment (cross thread): These crypto based voting systems rely on hash collisions to hide individual ballots within a herd of ballots. Because Civitas encodes votes as ranked preference (to support winner takes all, Condorcet, approval voting), there's even more information contained within each ballot, decreasing the likelihood of a hash collision, increasing the likelihood of inferring each voter's unique ballot. Something did occur to me, however. Right now, all races are encoded onto a single ballot. Making it more likely that every ballot within a precinct is utterly unique. But if each race was split onto its own ballot, then a crypto based voting system might be workable. Hmmm. As loathe as I am to validate a crypto-based scheme in any way, these schemes aren't going away, no small part because the geeks keep pushing technological fixes for perceived societal problems. So I'm somewhat resigned that I should make the most of it, help make sure the worst parts are mitigated. The punditry have learned nothing. Help America Vote Act (HAVA) ushered in the touchscreens in a massive turf grab. Insecure, unreliable, untested touch screens were rushed to market. The same forces are now at work pushing vote by mail and then electronic balloting. For the vendors, is about charging for the upgrade and switchover costs. Anything to make a buck. Election integrity is barely considered. During the hearings to permit casting ballots VIA EMAIL in my state, a retired general now lobbying for the vendors claimed "internet security has gotten really good." Well, shit, if a general says it's cool, that's good enough for me. Bill sailed through legislature unanimously. Because its for the children, err, troops. I talked to many of the legislators about electronic voting and casting ballots via the internet. First, they didn't understand that email was delivered via the internet in the clear. Second, if you're explaining, you're losing. Meaning once you start talking policy, their eyes glaze over, oops, sorry, your five minutes are up. Next! The only way the legislators vote against this stuff is if they feel the heat. Meaning stuff the hearings and their inboxes with opposition. I could go on and on, but I have pancakes waiting for me. Mature commodity items, services tend to be well regulated. Because it's generally better for customers and therefore economic activities. We barely have SLA standards for uptime, privacy, data breaches, etc. It's cool to be a pioneer. But you're largely on your own. A trade off. > I would suggest to anyone exploring online voting that they get a grassroots look at the current process... Exactly. I've worked as poll judge, poll inspector, poll observer, central count observer. I have yet to work central count, but I have mean colleagues who have. When I got started on this issue, I had many many misconceptions about election administration. I mark my ballot, drop in the mail, it gets counted. What could be more simple? Now I know that central count and mail ballot processing is like making sausage. And that electronic voting requires a religious style belief that everything just works. > Secrecy of ballot implies... Voter privacy has traditionally meant before and after casting one's ballot. The "before" part is completely ignored by all the proposed online voting systems. Ditto postal balloting (vote by mail). The Australian Ballot system permits marking one's ballot in private and prevents linking that ballot to the voter during counting. It's the gold standard. We may divine something better. Until then, I'm sticking to what works. Like you imply, that's paper ballots cast at poll sites read by mark sense style optical scanners. Yea. It's one of those ideological dead ends that are hard to back out of. Just like the War on Drugs, Tough on Crime, Privatize and let the Free Market Decide, War on Terror, etc. From what I've read: Audits verify the math, not detect fraud. Fraud detection is a lot more work aka forensic accounting. Stallman is an ultimatist. Just like the NRA, ACLU, NARAL, BBV, etc. His role is to yank the Overton Window back towards rationality. Meaning his job is to create the space for a more constructive policy debate. Stallman is not a politician or a diplomat. Nor should he be. Trading horses and compromise is someone else's problem. We're debating his ideas. In the off moments we're not arguing about his fashion choices and lack of social decorum. Who else do you know is so singularly identified with such a well defined principled point of view (whether you agree or disagree)? Paul Grugman, Noam Chomsky, Chris Hedges, George Carlin? So I'd say Stallman's doing a fantastic job. You've lobbied? I have. With some minor successes. Being unwavering in your principles is a critical success factor. As a lobbyist, I seek politicians that share my values (e.g. protect voter privacy). The biggest challenge with lobbying is education. That whole reality-based thing. I've only lobbied on issues that nearly everyone is in complete agreement over (e.g. fair and accurate vote count), but the details were in dispute (e.g. touch screens are secure, reliable vs all forms of electronic voting are bad). In the case of patents, the original US law states their purpose is to foster innovation. The current game winner's defend the status quo making the argument that the patent system is working. Stallman and other advocates are arguing that patents hurt innovation. Same values. Different policies. Agreed. Also, this is the first I've read that thorium reactors can also use up (dispose) waste. (Not an expert, or even an informed layperson, just a news junkie.) We need to reduce, reuse, eliminate waste and weapons grade stockpiles. Something less evil than using depleted uranium bullets to convert foreign countries into uninhabitable radioactive hotspots. From my casual reading, that's meant traveling wave reactors. Having another energy source is just a happy side benefit. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Traveling_wave_reactor Awesome. Thank you. Very similar to the "process" I've witnessed and documented. From memory: 1) Assemble non-experts, non-stakeholders 2) Misidentify problem 3) Establish quorum 4) Do not communicate decisions 5) Everyone runs off in separate directions 6) Assign blame 7) Repeat. Given the challenges of organizational psychology (aka herding kittens), where trying harder won't change outcomes, I support the strategy of multiple competing teams, as detailed in the book Design Rules: The Power of Modularity. http://www.amazon.com/Design-Rules-Vol-Power-Modularity/dp/0... When I was a kid, Scientific American had a cover featuring a high voltage transistor, which was supposed to revolutionize power transmission. My very weak understanding is that energy transmission is directed by a delicate balancing of loads. Which is inefficient. Where using a solid state switching solution would be more efficient. Does this sound familiar to anyone? What is the role of environmental regulations on locating silicon fabs? A buddy of mine made a mint working as a welder building fabs in Phoenix when they were leaving California in search of cheaper water and lower regulations. He was very worried about the toxic emissions and very lax (non existent) oversight. I've been transitioning to the troglodiet (tm): fresh veggies, legumes, meat. More or less the caveman diet, Atkins, paleo, Eat to Live, etc. This Dr Terry Wahls TEDx talk has been very motivating. Minding Your Mitochondria http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KLjgBLwH3Wc Dr. Wahls is mitigating her MS thru nutrition. For me, eating lots of vegetables makes my chronic psoriasis go away. When I slack on the nutrition (eg traveling), my psoriasis comes back. I believe, but cannot prove, that psoriasis is basically external arthritis. I figure better nutrition is improving my health overall, including brain function. One side effect I did not expect: I now crave hearty kale salads. Years ago I had a gf who was really gunghu for kale, chard, sorrel, and other leafy greens. I could handle it once or at most twice a week. Blech. Now things are different. Better recipes certainly help. I think once my body got used to the good stuff, it demands more. Moderate exercise and plenty of sleep too, of course. Good luck. I'd also like to see underemployment / multiple job stats too. All this talk about minimum wage, haven't seen mention of living wage. cpeterso is likely a member of Lesser Seattle. Started by curmudgeon Emmett Watson as a way to discourage Californians from moving to Seattle. When I travel, I always emphasize the rain, the cloud cover, the risk of death by volcano, the very real likelihood very overdue The Big One earthquake, how traffic sucks, etc. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emmett_Watson http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lesser_Seattle Years ago, on a tour of public K-12 schools, a principle asked me why software developers were such bad writers. I said "au contraire", all the great developers I know are also great writers. In fact, if a person can't write well, I believe they probably can't code well either. I explained to the tour group that programming is just like writing an essay. Organize your thoughts, logical, clarity, etc. Some of the best developers I've worked with come from outside tech. Ballet dancer, bus driver, EE, historian. Because I value communication, intuition, and creativity, I get a little worried when a team only has CS nerds and script kiddies. Agreed: CTO should have focused on his/her own development. My SO works in sales/mkgt. That segment relies heavily on personality and aptitude tests. My SO swears by them. Says it helps identify prospect's weaknesses, to better help them succeed. I'm dubious, but it's hard to argue with success. I'll chew thru all those links you provided. Thanks. Work supplies IntelliJ. But I figured I'd upgrade my personal license (v9) "just in case". Plus add AppCode and WebStorm, just to try them out. Alas, when I got to checkout, the discounted prices are not reflected in my cart. True. Worried the OP might be NSFW, I scanned the HN comments first. Not using hotels.com is harder than you think. There are front entities pretending to be the hotel and are actually booking thru hotels.com. Background... We booked a hotel in Key West FL. Fair deal. Show up, no reservation. Turns out they gave us the wrong hotel info. It was super late and we couldn't resolve the mess with hotels' customer service over the phone so we just crashed where we arrived. Took months to get the charges for the other booking reversed. People at hotel where we arrived said it happens all the time. For our next trip, resolved to not use hotels.com ever again, I found hotel via the web. Called the number. Turns out both the website and phone number were SEO optimized front companies that book thru hotels.com. Which we did not discover until we arrived and there was a problem with the booking. We paid $40 extra per night for the privilege of being lied to. Rant... Personally, as a consumer, I'm very grumpy that I'm constantly being lied to. I work hard for my money. I try to be diligent about how I spend it. And I'm sick of being robbed by legal means. It seems to be getting worse (ISPs, banks, phone companies, mortgages, etc). I'm now more reluctant to spend money. Because now my transaction costs are getting too high. Too much friction. If my wary consumer experience is widespread, it has to be dampening the economy. Free market! Woot! No doubt. Years ago, a buddy hosted corporate email, dns, etc. Racks of servers. He added ambient audio to everything he monitored. Nature sounds, weather, birds, insects, etc. The volume, samples, and tempo would change dynamically. Happy soothing sounds when all was well. Disruptive sounds when bad stuff happened. (I don't know if you'd classify that as sonification.) Walking around, visiting with guests, talking on the phone, his crew always knew the health of their systems. It was awesome. Great tips. Thanks. I also use TotalFinder (tabbed finder replacement) as well as Asepsis (prevents .DS_Store files) from binaryage.com. I'm a Java dev, flipping back and forth between IntelliJ and Eclipse. Using Eclipse since the pre-1.0 alpha, I still find it more comfortable. But IntelliJ's rate of improvement has prompted me to use it more. I've become good friends with SSH. We do lots of deploy/ops work at this gig. I'd love to figure out how to put the remote host's hostname into the tab/title/prompt. I haven't tried zsh yet, not excited about putting zsh on all the remotes (which are a mix of Windows and Linux). Our databases are Oracle, SQL Server, some legacy mainframe stuff. I use Squirrel SQL. I don't like it much. I haven't found any generic SQL clients as clean and smooth as MySQL's Sequel Pro client. I'm curious to learn who in Hollywood is progressive. True. Every domain I've ever worked in, I've seen huge opportunities. Alas, I suck at seizing those opportunities. I code something up (the fun part) and then lose interest at the startup / marketing & sales / money stuff. > Republicans are anti-public health care because public care sets in motion a process that > moves care decisions into federal bureaucracies... Corporatists oppose "public care" because it's pro-labor. Insurers and pharma oppose anything that will lessen their profits. I have no idea why any one else would oppose universal health care with a single payer using the capitation model. Probably something they heard on talk radio. Geography is also a factor. In both US and Canada. In the US jurisdiction is a factor, with local legislators enabling fruitcake care providers and pharmacists to impose their neolithic values onto their patients. The only measure I care about is cost per capita and life expectancy. Canada is cheaper and their people live longer. That's not an accident. I don't get the negotiated rate business. With a large enough pool (eg universal coverage) the costs level out. The divide and conquer scam played by US insurers is just a way to segment the market to maximize their profits. * One thing accountants do differently is that there are no deletes. You may only update. That's how I prefer to design my schemas as well. Meaning answers are determined during query vs during load. If I see an UPDATE statement, I assume it's a bad design. I'm a little bit sad that such awesomeness can be reduced to an algorithm. As my graphic designer friends used to joke, "There's a Photoshop filter for that!" I'd be really impressed if a computer program simulated the -tactile- texture and gamut as well. Mondrian's New York period paintings are deceptively simple. I've read a teacher's writeup of his student's efforts to recreate Mondrian's Composition (I think). Not easy. Matching the palette, precise layering, bevels and edges. Mondrian's New York paintings were precise and subtle. Here's a similar description (can't find the article I vaguely remember): Two-year study of Mondrian's Victory Boogie Woogie in Gemeentemuseum Den Haag to be rounded off by symposium Thursday, 28 August 2008 http://www.codart.nl/news/338/ Java Applets had great promise. Early interest was high. For the life of me, I can't phantom how Sun managed to biff this one. I'm among the biggest Java fans, so my disappointment is acute. #1 - Netscape. Their Java support always sucked. Broken thread implementation. The joke was write once debug everywhere. The early troubles soured most and Sun lost the precious mindshare. Relying on a third party for the success of Java was a huge mistake. #2 - Sun killed their HotJava web browser, written in Java. It was the ideal applet platform. Ran great. Had a great UI for the time. Imagine if they'd kept that going. #3 - Sun waited until Java 6, a full decade, to revamp their Java plugin. Way too late to make a difference. #4 - AWT controls looked terrible, were too minimal. But Swing was just too heavy. The design was great for time, being the logical successor to NextStep -> Cocoa -> Netscape IFC development line. But Sun never put it on a diet, either the API or the payload. (Thanks for the floating point parse bug tip. Writing a web server using Netty, that's a good one to know.) My son had the ultimate Duplo collection. A few push trains. The electric locomative. Lots of extra track, including gates, switches, cross overs, bridge. A farm set. An airplane. Just creating a new track layout each time was huge fun. Teaching him planning and problem solving. We'd play "keep away", where you try to use the switches to divert the locomotive to crash his each other's push train while avoiding getting hit. Huge fun. We'd play "farm riot" where the farm animals break out of the zoo and eat every one. Kind of like a zombie apocalypse. We'd play "ValuJet!" where the plane would fall out of the sky. Not very complicated. You hold the jet up, swoosh around a bit, yell "ValuJet!" and then crash the plane into the people, trains and buildings below. We'd play "Amtrak!". That's when the train approaches a crossing gate. Also pretty simple. You stuff a lot of people onto a train, yell "Amtrak!" and then hit the car stuck in the crossing gate, derail the train, everyone dies. Duplo trains are superior to those crappy wooden Brio in every way. Our Duplos got more play time than any Legos since, even the Star Wars sets. I just passed them down; it was super hard to let go. I worked for a toy design firm during the mid-90s. Though I did software, I managed to learn a bit about this stuff (osmosis, helping with CAD/CAM, eavesdropping, etc). Tool die design for injection modeling is an art, a craft. Lego's die tools are smaller, meaning they hold many fewer parts. They had more supply channels. So the parts would be formed more uniformly. I forget what they did to ensure the parts cooled more uniformly. At the time, Mega Blocks were far inferior. The were using larger dies, more parts per die. So their bricks weren't as uniform. We used to bring in lots of other toys for inspection and play testing. I once assembled a Mega Block tank set. It just wouldn't stay together, with ill fitted pieces fighting against each other. The differences weren't even visible to the eye. Lego bricks just had better heft and fit. Also at the time, and I imagine is still the case, Lego and Playmobile were the gold standards for plastic molding toys. The Truth about Aaron Swartz’s "Crime" http://unhandled.com/2013/01/12/the-truth-about-aaron-swartz... "If I had ... been asked ... whether Aaron’s actions were “wrong”, I would probably have replied that what Aaron did would better be described as “inconsiderate”. In the same way it is inconsiderate ... to download lots of files on shared wifi or to spider Wikipedia too quickly, but none of these actions should lead to a young person being hounded for years and haunted by the possibility of a 35 year sentence." Word. I have been refuted, disproven, turned around 180, subsequently enlightened when more is revealed so many times on so many issues... It's embarrassing. I'm trying very hard to be less of an outspoken opinionated blowhard. And to admit whenever I've been wrong. I agree with what you say. What bothers me about the Gates Foundation is their education agenda. Their priorities reflect a naive reductionist worldview akin to Rudyard Kiplings' Just So Stories. MEASUREMENT I'm confounded by the emphasis on Taylorism ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scientific_management ) and privatization, and by extension the emphasis on teacher performance. Make a list of all things wrong with public education in the USA (inequity, parental involvement, malnutrition, etc). Teacher performance isn't even in the top ten. A friend works on some sort of in school room surveillance system at the Gates Foundation. It records the teacher. Which is then reviewed and the teacher graded. By what criteria, I can't imagine. Then the teacher's performance is graded and coaching in administered. For improvement. I asked if any teachers were advising the project. No. I asked who reviews the tapes. Non teachers. Yea, that'll help. Even more standardized testing is another aspect of Taylorism. As every QA/Test person knows, you cannot test your way to quality. The only measure of teacher performance is student achievement. But with so many factors beyond the control any teacher or group of teachers, it's patently unfair to judge teachers. And yet ask any faculty, group of students, or parents, and they'll tell you who the great teachers are. PRIVATIZATION The outsourcing of education is just a way to divert money meant for the classroom towards cronies. Standardized testing, textbooks, misc contracts are some examples. The rationalization for corporate charter schools is that somehow the free market will make schools more competitive. Alas, free market means monopoly, not more parental choice. Further, how is a private entity more accountable than government? I can attend board meetings, vote on levies, submit public records requests. But corporations can easily hide their activities, that's what makes them private entities. THE FIX I believe what's needed is more transparency, more accountability, more democracy. Every single profession struggles with their bad apples. What's needed is a way to hold individuals accountable and some means of either correcting the problem or firing them. This applies to cops, doctors, accountants, teachers, everyone. It's always an open secret who the bad teachers are. But just try to fire one. A second friend was a principle for a few years. Of the bad apples, one of his teachers was assaulting his students. For years. My friend wasted three years trying to fire this person. Opposed by the district, the union, the other teachers, etc. Couldn't get it done. Violent teacher was a few years away from retirement, hey buddy, don't rock the boat. Another friend works in the local school district. He recently related that people within the district admin were quite pleased they only "had to fire" 5 teachers out of 2,000+ in the last year. That's astonishing. I know there's more than 5 bad apples in the district. The documentary The Rubber Room shows what happens to bad teachers in NYC that can't be fired. (Spoiler: They all sit in a room every work day, doing nothing.) I have it on good authority that happens in every district. Probably in every profession. One example from my experience: I wasn't allowed to fire 4 developers on my team. Pushed onto my team by my VP, who was building an empire. Completely toxic individuals (eg one Lebanese and one Isreali who would go at each other). No other manager would deal with them. Complete drain on my team's morale and productivity. I had numbers, facts, personal reviews in my arsenal. I couldn't fire them. I can't imagine how much harder it is in a public context. But in truth, I don't know a specific fix is for culling bad apples. I believe this governance issue is the central management challenge in our society. Meanwhile, I advocate for gathering more data (transparency) so that we can at least know what's going on. (Thanks for reading this far.) Sometimes "free" is too expensive. Ask anyone who has gone aboard to do good works. There's a very fine line between helping and inadvertently creating a dependency or destroying previously stable social or economic structures. Big example is famine relief. We dump our excess commodities in a local economy. That enriches the power elite. It nukes the local agriculture. People end up worse off. I upvoted you. I'm sorry you're being dismissed as a Malthusian. I also believe we humans are in deep trouble. I volunteered at a treehugger organization for about a decade (the 90s). Trying save the birds and the salmon. These people were scientists working on policy. Like saving critical habitat such as wetlands. Etc. Pretty much everything I first learned in the 90s has come true. And the actual numbers are worse than the predicted worse case scenario (eg climate change). I personally believe we're past the tipping point. Meaning climate change has entered into a positive feedback loop where even if we stopped burning fossil fuels, atmospheric CO2, methane etc will continue to increase. Because of the arboreal forests continue to burn and the tundra continues to thaw and the ocean (the biggest carbon sink) continues to acidify. To stop this progression or even reverse it, decades from now, humans will have to aggressively retool our industry to remove CO2 from the atmospheric. Weirdly, I'm strangely optimistic. I think it's possible. I'm not willing to give up hope. I sometimes wonder if I'm just fooling myself. Things are so bad, I just go to my happy place. Like Sam Lowry in the movie Brazil. Many friends and relatives of mine are teachers. My mother fought both the district and the union. Her specialty was learning disabled kids. Non standard everything. In a world that demands standardization. I'm very pro labor, pro teacher, but have many grievances with the teachers unions. Like every other self-preserving group (cops, gangs), they can't show weakness. I get it. I have many union friends. They're assaulted from every side. All sorts of contradictory demands, without any concessions or compromises offered. I believe in my heart the only way for teaching to be reformed is for the teacher unions to get out in front of the reform issue, instead of digging in. Like the french cliche, Do or be done. Unfortunately, there are few professions more susceptible to fads than education. "Reform" for most teachers is "Been there, done that, it sucked. Just let me get back to teaching." Meaning there'd be near zero consensus on a reform platform. Thanks. Yea, that was quite the leap. I see privatization equated with competitiveness all the time. (As those the bidding process isn't an insider rigged game, but that's whole 'nother issue.) I'm pleased that charter school led to greater diversity and choice in your district. Like they say, YMMV. In the reports I've read, charter schools have been selectively admitting students, cherry picking, excluding the low potential, aptitude students. Reinforcing inequity. Whereas public schools have to take all students. Different rules, same scoring system. Very unfair. In my district, we've had short-lived "magnet" programs and schools. They're hugely popular with students and parents. Teachers seem like them too. District administrators hate them. Non standard. Must be closed down. Taylorism redux. Two of our low income high schools have hugely popular magnet programs. My friends that teach at those schools say that it creates a class (caste) system, like two schools in one. The smart, rich, mostly white students in the gifted programs. The rest in the remedial programs. The two groups rarely commingle. (I used to volunteer in the classroom, I've seen this firsthand.) I find that so weird. So much wasted potential. Whatever the current situation, there's huge money being poured into our local pro-charter school campaigns. So whereas our district foolish tried to culled diversity, maybe we'll eventually get it with new charter schools. That'd be ironic. Thanks for replying. I'm personally quite content to pay people to stay home. I got to layoff the under performers on my team. Productivity soared. The whole time, it would have been cheaper for me to pay them to go away. More seriously... Humans are hard wired to punish cheaters. It can go wrong. But preventing it is also counter productive. My hope (optimism) is that with greater transparency, we'll have better feedback loops, to better identify and mitigate the cheaters. Personally, I think our best option would be to do away with the notion of age-based grades. Agreed. I've been chewing on two ideas. Assess student achievement with actual achievements. Just like achievement badges in the Boy Scouts. My son is an Eagle Scout. After meeting the minimum requirements, and completing his project, he was able to assemble whatever achievements tickled his fancy. Promotes self direction and working at one's own rate. Have students teach each other, work more collaboratively, grade each other. Versus lectures, rote memorization, and testing. I've experienced this first hand (as the student). Peer pressure and expectations work wonders. Hardest, most rewarding 'A' grade I ever earned. (I was otherwise a terrible student.) Alas, to date, there's very little research on these two reforms. Some places have tried the achievement system, results inconclusive. I haven't looked to see if the peer support system has been tried else where. This is an old story. Every domain I've worked in featured a chasm between the domain experts and the software folks. Experts write terrible software that somehow mostly works. Software folks misunderstand the problem and create overwrought monstrosities. In my experience, this applies to accounting software, sensor data, computer-aided design, print manufacturing, healthcare, etc. I imagine there's phases of maturity, something akin to CMM/SEI. Eventually there's enough people with a foot on both sides to bridge the gap. It just takes time. I'm on the otherside of the fence. HATEOAS just seems obvious, as in why would someone do it any other way. I recently wrote a client to spider legislation data published as WSDL. Were the reply/result documents HATEOAS, the spider would be trivial. But I have to basically do ETL between every reply and the next request (walking the children of a parent). At the day job, some of the RESTful APIs (written by others) are mostly HATEOAS. It's a pretty big win. Clients are easier, inspection and verification is easier, non programmers almost kinda grok them, etc. This rule clarification is good in that it acknowledges the participation of third parties. Yay! But it doesn't change the fact that HIPAA is just kabuki (for show). I worked on some of the first RHIOs (regional health information exchanges) on the market. We all had yearly HIPAA training. All platitudes and very little actionable advice. As devs, we all had full access to millions of patients. Accidental disclosure is inevitable. So many participants, so many systems, the weakest link and all that. We all figured it was a matter of time before something bad happened. I care about privacy. A lot. I researched what's what, legal and technical. Because I want to do a good job. And I have skin in the game (my own medical history). The month I started on the electronic medical records project, a local hospital had just settled for allowing 100,000s of complete patient records leak. (A stolen laptop.) So I contacted the lawyers on both sides. Verdict? Try harder next time. Pretty much nothing has changed (improved) since. Except the disclosure requirements, I guess. This is a long topic, so I'll just skip to the conclusion: We will not, cannot protect patient privacy until we assign a universal unique identifier for every single person. This means something something akin to RealID. To protect patient privacy, we need to encrypt the data. But that's not feasible without globally unique identifiers. Because patient demographic data is dirty and mismatched record can be fatal. So you have matching algorithms that have to look at the original plaintext. And the heuristics are wrong enough that the process requires human oversight. If we (the USA) had unique identifiers, then we could transition to translucent database designs. That'd be very cool. http://www.amazon.com/Translucent-Databases-Peter-Wayner/dp/... About once a year, I go to a "future of healthcare IT" event. I desperately want to hear that patient privacy is being addressed. Hope springs eternal. Mostly, no one knows what I'm talking about. Until you've worked on the systems and tried to actually implement privacy safeguards, people just don't grok the problem domain, and continue to believe it's a trivially solvable problem. There's historically been three hurdles to EHR adoption. Doctors make purchasing decisions. They're very conservative. Younger doctors embrace the computers. So it's just a matter of the old guard retiring. Who pays? A paper medical record is fine for a clinical practice. Electronic records are good for interchange. But that doesn't help the doctor or the hospital. The early adopter hospitals of our RHIO system were motivated by attracting their area doctors, so used our system as a loss leader to encourage admissions. EHRs suck. Huge. Imagine a whole universe of suckage and multiple it by infinite suckage. They're expensive, super complicated, and have no ROI. If it weren't for the federal push for electronic medical records, the carrot of block grants and "meaningful use" stick to punish non-participants, no one would adopt an EHR without a business case. Not for encryption, for data interchange. Most of the recent events have been mixer events sponsored body shops (recruiters) hoping to get some business. Put "HL7" and "ICD-10" in your resume and I'm sure you'll get called. The last "meaty" one I attended was a local MIT Enterprise Forum featuring local healthcare IT professionals. The panel had a device startup, a personal healthcare portal, some consulting goons, and the CIO for a local HMO (she was the only one who made any sense). I just attended a legislative action committee meeting for my state. Our elected reps touched on what was happening at the state level to implement ACA (aka Obamacare, mostly "meaningful use" stuff and patient eligibility, really basic stuff). Every state now has a board of some sort for implementing their state and regional healthcare information exchanges per ACA. The meetings are public. That's probably a good way to find your local players. It's been a few years since I lurked healthcare IT blogs. There might be some good ones to follow. Updated my profile. More homogeneous, yes. But cultural vs ethnic. Also note the comparative reversal of inequity. During the 20th century, Sweden worked very hard to address it. Whereas since the 70s, the USA has been working very hard to undo the progressive New Deal reforms, allowing inequity to get much worse. I can't imagine a well governed state with gross inequity. > creating an interface for every single thing in the application Ditto turning everything into a "service" a la WSDL and now SOA. CORBA lives! What evidence would convince you that Aaron was depressed? > To have a really usable public transit ... you have to coordinate zoning with transit. +1 My position is a bit stronger: It all starts with zoning. There was a geek news item recently that note the difference in USA and Canadian sprawl, which the authors believed started with how parcels of farm land were measured out. In the USA, parcels were squarish, requiring roads everywhere, requiring everyone to have automobiles. Whereas Canada made theirs long and narrow, to optimize farm-to-market transportation. Subtly different initial conditions causing very different land use. In the jurisdiction I live, better transit has been actively thwarted for decades by the suburbans. For example, years ago, we got an Oregon-style Growth Management Act, which tries to slow sprawl, preserving farm lands and habitat. The suburbans frame it as anti-growth. But in fact GMO is pro urban and opposition is anti-urban. I am fascinated by the increasing urbanization of the under 30 demographic: It's happening despite the pro-sprawl incentives and policies. An example of society way out in front of policy. Locally, I think this is perfectly captured by the head quarters of Microsoft and Amazon. In the 90s, Microsoft created a campus atmosphere in former second growth woods (Bellevue/Redmond). Having nearly everything newly minted university graduates would need right there on campus. It was very desirable. Now in the 2010s, Amazon is transforming an urban area, South Lake Union. The area now has housing, hip food, great access to parks, culture, etc. In fact, in order to attract the young talent they need, I can't imagine Amazon locating anywhere other than an urban environment. Anecdotally: I've eaten at local places that used Square. I have no idea if they're happy customers. I've seen increased use of Square at our local public farmers markets. The guy I buy my beef from loves his. It's lower initial cost, higher transaction cost, and super easy to use. (I support any disruption that eats into the VISA/MasterCard/Etc oligarchy.) Thanks. Sorry, no newsletter, blog, rss feed yet. Went dark while I recharged my batteries. Been working on some open government stuff. Will hopefully go public soon. Worst job I ever had was at Starbucks [1] in the early 1990s. I had my liver cut out and fed to me every single day. I could not reconcile the positivity put forth by CEO Howard Schultz (and conferred thru HR's training regime) with the miserable treatment we received. A fish is rotten from the head down and all that. Years later I was in middle management. I couldn't believe how hard it was to change things, get people to behave better, etc. I was all about learning organization, empowerment, democratic decision making. Stuff that really pulled people out of their comfort zones. Any successes I had, mostly thru will power, came at a very high cost. I then became a lot more forgiving of the Howard Schultzes of the world. He was doing pretty much the most any CEO/President can do: Stay on message, nudge the needle, hope for the best. I will note that friends in other departments had very different experiences. Some are still there and loving every minute of it. So I also learned you can have a good job at a bad company, a bad job at a good company, and if you're very lucky, a good job at a good company. [1] I was the CAD guru for the Store Planning dept, which did all the retail architecture. Performance was measured in "sales weeks", meaning how many weeks all the stores are open per year. As a publicly traded company, the pressure to hit the projected sales weeks was intense. Trust, but verify. With everything that we know, it's silly to not be paranoid. I got pretty excited about election integrity for a while. The default position of the defenders of the status quo was "I can't believe you don't trust us. Prove there's something wrong. You 'experts' in computers, security, and elections are just a bunch of conspiracy freaks." My default position is "show me". That skepticism merely makes me an informed consumer. A few years ago, I did some health IT stuff (implemented 5 RHIOs which included 80 hospitals plus various partners comprising roughly 300 data feeds). I played with VistA. Thought maybe I could steal some of their fire. At the time, the VA was getting a lot of props for turning their act around and VistA was considered no small part. MUMPS. I will never willingly work on MUMPS. I had to do a bunch of Intersystems' Cache, Ensemble, ObjectScript work. Inspired by MUMPS (the communities overlap). Complete garbage. Remember how a coding error can bork (brick) a SmallTalk runtime? Welcome to Intersystems. But without the benefits of a debugger, undo, version control, real database, an actual grammar and compiler, or rational people creating and supporting the product. I mention Intersystems because as bad as it is, MUMPS makes it look slick. Please understand that I am completely, utterly committed to universal healthcare with a single payer in the USA. Medicare/VA for all. But if it means the infrastructure running VistA + MUMPS, I'll probably vote against it. (And I don't know if I'm joking.) I just can't imagine an IT migration to VistA finishing before the heat death of the universe. Maybe. MUMPS has a hierarchical data model. What the genius' at Intersystems call n-dimensional (arrays of arrays, or nested arrays). The reason MUMPS is still used is because the implementers still have hierarchy on the brain and believe that kind of work is best done in MUMPS. I think they're wrong. Either way, I can't think of a way to compile generic Java (or equiv) to generic MUMPS. The data models just don't line up. The HL7 view of the data, which is just a tree graph, can be well supported in languages like Java. I wrote a code generator that compiled HL7 specs to Java code. It was awesome. Because it catches coding errors at compile time. Versus using a dynamic programming language. Or even worse, something like a declarative schema thingie, like all the ETL tools I've seen. (Think Hibernate style ORM for HL7.) But having done that, I also think that's wrong. We spent a lot of time reading HL7 (eg lab results), decomposing it for storage into a RDBMS, creating wicked joins to recreate the original hierarchical data, and then send it along (to a data feed or web page report). I now think medical data should mostly be stored as documents and indexed using something like Lucene. Completely skipping SQL. Using an HL7 code generator & parser like the one I wrote, it's trivial to pull out the bits you care about. And when you have to mimic the single source of truth (eg what medications is the patient taking today?) you can tackle that with a map/reduce strategy. That idea is a freebie for you, the world, or nobody. I'm not doing any healthcare work any more, so no longer have a dog in that fight. Not to be pedantic, but because I think it's interesting: The Lisa's OS was written in Pascal. http://www.cs.oberlin.edu/~jwalker/lisa-legacy/ "The majority of Lisa programs were written in the Pascal language by Apple with a few programs written in 68000 assembly language. To give an idea of the size of this effort the Lisa operating system was written in around 90,000 lines of Pascal and each Lisa program (eg LisaWrite) contained somewhere around 50,000 lines each." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pascal_(programming_language)#H... Like others in this thread, I learned Pascal early on and was befuddled by C for a long time. I wrote some Pascal on my Apple //e, played with Lisa (had access thru work), completely missed the Mac boat, cut my teeth on TurboPascal. Gods, I loved Borland. You're thinking of the size weighted electoral college map. http://www-personal.umich.edu/~mejn/election/2012/ This map depicts how the USA might look today if the state boundaries were balanced for population. Redistricting of the states, if you will. I, for one, get what you mean by "value". Pedantics are not making a distinction between price and value. To illustrate: how many eggs would you barter for a bottle of ketchup? Barter, as in there is no price signal. As someone who's tried, with varied success, to work with reporters on technical stuff, I don't subscribe to "the somewhere in the middle" view. To us geeks, often, stuff is either true or not true, with no room for maybe. To reporters, they're both trying to understand what's happening without direct knowledge as well as convey that in a way a layperson can understand. Unfortunately, in that game of telephone, a lot of important details get lost. I also think reporters deal with imperfect information and rely on their judgement to determine if any particular detail is important to the overall narrative, often influenced by the competing agendas of the players involved. What's great (rare) about this story is there's published data, the validity of which no one disputes (yet), to chew over. No. Palestine has a parliamentary government. Their elections use a close relative to proportional representation. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Palestinian_legislative_electio... Approval voting is for executive positions. President, Governor, Mayor. Not assemblies like councils and parliaments. Approval voting prevents the "spoiler effect". It does not enable it. Nor is it applicable to parliamentary elections, such as the example you gave. Lastly, your comment is just weird. Equating Hamas to a spoiler. Despite the electioneering by the PLA. The subsequent extra-legal attempt to invalidate the election results that brought Hamas to power. I'm far from an expert on Palestinian politics, but if there's a lesson to be drawn from Hamas and The Gaza Strip, it's that Palestinian politics are messy. With a popular Presidential vote, every state becomes a swing state, demanding greater attention. How hard is that to grasp? Stalwarts like Utah and NYC may be relatively ignored. Big deal. Your complaint is that the minuscule rural population are ignored by the more prosperous, more populated, more important urban areas. That sounds about right to me. One person, one vote. If people in rural areas want to be more relevant, they should either start creating some jobs, stop being freeloaders, and work harder to prevent their people from following the jobs. Which is not going to happen so long as we have a petrol based economy. Once human labor is required to replace petrol, you'll have more people returning to rural areas, to work the land. So if you care about the vitality of rural areas, you'll work to expedite the post oil energy future. Basically changing the system will favor one party. Temporarily. Demographically, the USA is transitioning to a Democratic super majority every where but in the US House (because of gerrymandering). Long term, the parties will realign along the new normal, as the country moves back to the left. The reason is Duverger's Law. With winner takes all form of elections, the political spectrum will always split into two parties, as each tries to attain the smallest winning coalition. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duvergers_law In other words, no matter how big the pie, it's always split in two. (The parties might even switch "polarities", for lack of a better word. As they've done approx every 70 years for the first 229 years. Seeing how conservative Democrats have become, there's a huge void in the political left. It's be easy for a reborn Republican party to reinvent itself to fill that void.) Sorry, I assumed the logged data was public information. My bad. You haven't made a point. If your intended point was to prevent the tyranny of the majority, then your focus on the electoral college is sadly misplaced. Edit: Here's the kicker. I ran for statewide office. Last minute ballot filler. (I was pissed the incumbent was unopposed.) In the limited time with limited resources, I tried to visit every legislative district and every county. I was greeted and vetted like a rock star. It was fun as hell. My family were farmers and I love the country. It was like coming home. You know what? I was the only state wide candidate who did this. Because I had no chance of winning, nothing to lose, and could do and say whatever I wanted. If I had any prospects, I wouldn't have had the luxury of touring my state. So whatever your grievances, I don't care. I want to end world hunger and ice cream for every kid on Tuesdays. Big deal. If you want your vote to matter, you should probably do something to empower yourself. Or just wait for the return of farming, when every one will be courting your communities again, like they did back in my grandfather's day. Or you could continue to belly ache about how all the big bad politicians ignore you. Either way: Please, continue. The split is urban vs suburban, not urban vs rural. Imagine a replay of 2012 without the electoral college. Obama would still hit the urbans and some of the progressive rich enclaves. Romney would hit all the suburban, Wall St. and yacht clubs. No one would bother with the rurals except for some photo ops. Same as before. Absolutely. Every change picks winners and losers. That's the story of politics. The electioneering never stops. The last 16 years (to pick a time frame) Republicans have been masterful at moving the needle to favor them. And it's worked. They punch way above their weight. But a correction is inevitable. And it'll hurt. Just like how the left peaked in the mid 70s, kept power for a while longer than the country supported them, and then had their teeth kicked in. But what rubs me about all the electioneering is the emphasis on the mechanics. There is a third player: the voters. Fair redistricting, publicly financed campaigns, universal voter registration, etc. would all favor voters and piss of the political parties. Because the candidates would have to focus more on platform and policy, less on GOTV. This is very cool. Part of my day gig (at a university) involves a commercial degree audit program. It's terrible. In desperate need of a rewrite. Now you've got me thinking there may be some need for a smaller subset of functionality. Enough to get a new effort going. Hmmm. Interested? From the OP: "But they all stayed for the same reason: They found a community..." Ridiculous. As a youth, I had a lot of contact with homeless teens. (I was bounced around a lot, but not quite homeless.) Many were kicked out (homosexual), many more were escaping (domestic violence, pedophilia, rape), a few were "free spirits" (or merely didn't feel the need to share their stories). My SO volunteers at a local homeless teen shelter. The kids she encounters have had terrible lives thus far. Not many happy stories there. My city tries to do more than the norm for homeless people. Women, children, teens, vets, mentally ill. It's an uphill battle. The ones that are just down on their luck have the tools and resources to bounce back. The rest aren't so fortunate. In addition to your suggestion, the author should volunteer at a shelter or mission. As a rule, the people we see are just a fraction of the homeless, the panhandlers an even smaller percentage. Language is a virus. Ditto insulin pump. A friend's insurance plan just changed coverage and the unit friend uses is no longer "in plan". New unit costs $7000. Kicker, for me, is the consumable nature. There's a transmitter with a non-serviceable battery. When it dies, you're just supposed to get a new one. $1400. Another friend just bought a hearing aid. The (other) comment about product + service is absolutely true. This friend marvels at the sophisticated DSP stuff going on. This friend is also grumpy that the internals are proprietary, so there's no way hack it, or even do adjustments. It's probably better for most people to have the expert do it, hearing is complicated stuff, but the principle stands. With the costs of R&D, manufacturing, sales/service/support, and especially regulation/approval, it's not clear to me how the markets for low volume products are going to be disrupted. Meanwhile... Touchscreens and centralized tabulators weren't nearly unreliable and insecure enough. The new thing is internet voting, meaning casting ballots via email. What could possibly go wrong? The motivator is the election vendors are pushing for a per-registered-voter fee business model. Election integrity be damned. Slashdot Answers are superior to Reddit's AMA. Slashdot solicits questions, people vote, guest is asked to answer the top 10. Quite rewarding. Reddit AMAs feel like drive bys. Guests select a few questions to answer. Very casual. Very low signal to noise. Reddit AMAs are almost as content-free as Presidential debates in the USA. Maro is commiserating and you give him a theology/philosophy lesson. Further, I studied buddhism for a while. I have no idea what you're talking about. In other words, YMMV. Maro was giving the OP a virtual bro-hug. Not trying to preach. The buddhism reference was a platitude. Sometimes the intent (compassion) trump content. I've never found in any country a Buddhism which is for the living people. Very interesting. You and I would probably get along just fine. You were kicked off for acting odd. He oddly took a picture of his seat, as he'd oddly done numerous times before. He oddly got embarrassed by being singled out for oddly not knowing that an oddly common benign act is now regarded as odd. He oddly felt the need to clear the air. When punished for acting oddly human, he oddly pointed out that he oddly felt that he had been maligned. Yes, travel blogger was acting quite odd. [Nelson] sometimes shortens to "tekkie", to describe the kind of person who's too blinded by the shiny new thing... Technophile, as coined by Neil Postman. -- My early disappointment, disillusion with technology was largely validated and informed by Neil Postman's book Technopoly. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Technopoly Computers et al were supposed to make everything better, right? Why are my users still struggling? Why after a decade and 100s millions of dollars are we still not seeing seeing a positive ROI, increased productivity, improved quality, or something? I reread Technopoly a few years back. While I still agree with Postman's thesis, especially how technological progress is often dehumanizing, I disagree with his pessimism. It is not enough to point out a problem. Whenever I criticize, I try very hard to figure out a fix. As a recovering technophile, I see in myself how its too easy to be NIMBY and against everything. But that helps no one. So I also try to go the extra distance and communicate what I am for, my affirmative position. Edit: typo. setting up "technologists" as a kind of high-priest class, the only ones who understand "computers" As you know, this happens in every domain, not just computers. To quote the noted political philosopher trio called The Police in their treatise De Do Do Do: Poets priests and politicians Have words to thank for their positions Words that scream for your submission And no-one's jamming their transmission 'Cos when their eloquence escapes you Their logic ties you up and rapes you As an election integrity activist, I had to master the technology of election administration, lest I be laughed at and dismissed by the self-appointed high priesthood. No one should have to work as hard as I did to understand something so fundamental as how our votes are counted. But that's kinda the point, right? He meant inequity. Yes, it matters. Gross inequity is undemocratic. I cite Kevin Phillips' book Wealth and Democracy http://www.amazon.com/Wealth-Democracy-Political-History-Ame... but it's been researched and detailed ad nauseum. More equitable societies are happier. More equitable societies have better public health. Just in case you need cites: https://www.google.com/searchq=More+equitable+societies+are+... Lastly, I believe, but cannot prove, that more equitable societies are safer. Both domestically and internationally. Based on my recent personal experience, I don't feel that much has improved. Perhaps society is more accepting of the condition, and less likely to stigmatized. But helping a mentally ill person (in the USA) is pretty much not an option. Perhaps I didn't look hard enough. Using leisure time to being more environmentally friendly and living more healthy. Peddling to work takes longer. But I get exercise. The cave man diet takes quite a bit of effort. But it tastes damned good, is quality time with friends and family, keeps my money in the local economy (farmers markets vs big box grocers) and improves my health. It just depends what a person chooses to optimize in their lives. When I was working more, it was not feasible to do the cave man diet or home remodeling. Someone close to me has paranoid schizophrenia, undiagnosed. Note also that there's the possibility of community treatment orders. We don't have that option. And I'm really torn on this one. And let's not forget that people with mental illness are far more likely to be the victims of violent crime, not the perpetrator. Absolutely. Yup. I wrote AutoCAD add-ons. Public domain and some shareware. The "big money" was in site licenses. Architects wouldn't pay for anything. But anyone doing work for the government was serious about making sure they had licenses for everything. Promotion and distribution were major challenges. You'd upload your wares to CompuServe, BBSes, etc. I'd also visit conventions and tour user groups. I never felt the need for classified ads (not targeted enough). The real shareware players had their own BBSs. I went a bit further and started a network of CAD/CAM, computer graphics themed BBSs and served as the hub. Much like FidoNet. It was huge fun, but a lot of work. Someone else noted that majority of income came from consulting/contracting and some writing. That was my experience too. I had the view "your work is your resume" and publishing shareware was the best way to get known. Much like working on some open source projects today. Agree also with the other comment here that the minimum wage is a structural advantage for Costco against Walmart. Walmart socialize their labor costs by pushing their employees on to government aid, eg food and healthcare. US Government mandated minimize wage forces corporate welfare basket cases like Walmart to start carrying more of their own water. People arguing against minimize wage carefully omit that corporate profits are at all time high while wages have stagnated for decades. Coincidence? Would a KVM solution like Synergy address your needs? eg an iMac and MBP side by side sharing a keyboard and mouse? Thank you! Teleport just works. Great tip. I had tried synergy a few times and never succeeded. What does Apple use for their in-house compute heavy tasks? If there's an internal user base doing important work, then I think the professional line is safe. The whole "eat your own dog food" phenomenon. Knowing no one, I can't guess what that situation is. I'm interested. Which is a new thing. Joel Spolsky's live demo of FogBugz & Kiln is the single best product demo I've ever seen. Ever. It's so good, anyone doing demos should watch it, just because. http://www.fogcreek.com/fogbugz/ (just the video) http://fogcreek.wistia.com/medias/z6o7hhvio5 I don't know if I care about evidence based estimating. And I'm pretty sure FogBugz is overkill for my team's needs. And I'd rather eat glass that do anything Windows. But hot damn the (apparent) integration and workflow of these two products are quite polished. Very well thought out and very well executed. A word of support... About 18 months ago I gave the Four Hour Body diet a whirl, primarily to lose weight. I was very surprised to notice that my psoriasis improved. A lot. While I was eating well. Took a stressful contract gig, resumed eating poorly, psoriasis came back with a vengeance. So I tried harder to stick the diet and my skin's health improved. Maybe 9 months ago I saw Dr Terry Wahls TEDx talk. I thought "Aha!" I'm a software guy, not a nutritionist. And I really just want to know what I'm supposed to do, the bullet points, not really needing the details. Since then I've tried very hard to eat like Wahls suggests. My psoriasis is now about 2/3rd gone. From bleeding breaking skin plagues back to normal skin mixed with flakiness. I see my dermatologist next week for my yearly. I'm quite eager to see if he notices the improvement. I've been dealing with this stuff for 10+ years and have gone to great lengths to treat it. I'm a bit chagrinned (grumpy) that all I had to do is eat more vegetables. So I believe, but cannot prove, that I lacked the proper nutrition and now that I'm eating a very diverse diet my health has improved. It's pretty uncontroversial. I'm impressed by the commenters who take great exception to your points. Like my scientist cousin is fond of asking skeptics (e.g. creationists, climate change, economics) "What level of proof do you require?" Rampant wildcatting was killing the nascent US oil industry. Regulation saved that industry. Gassée acknowledged that he got schooled by Jobs. His experiences, perspective and demonstrated intellectual honesty makes him a great pundit. What's different is awareness. Child abductions, police brutality, etc. are now far better publicized. Even so... A girl was grabbed on her way to my son's elementary school and later found dead on a secluded beach, having been violated. It's hard to not freak out. I absolutely was an over protective father. Intellectually, I knew the risk to my son was infinitesimal. But why chance it? By comparison... A classmate of mine was grabbed, but broke free, on her way to school. We were all freaked out about it. But parents didn't start driving their kids to school en masse. Maybe our parents were pollyannas. "Regulatory capture occurs when a regulatory agency, created to act in the public interest, instead advances the commercial or special concerns of interest groups that dominate the industry or sector it is charged with regulating. Regulatory capture is a form of government failure, as it can act as an encouragement for firms to produce negative externalities. The agencies are called "captured agencies"." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Regulatory_capture My oncologist told me "Statistics are not people." I was about to undergo a bone marrow transplant. At the time, mortality within the first year was 90%. But I was much healthier initially than most other patients, because I had different medical history. Plus, I'm one tough SOB. Of course, that's an average covering every man, woman, child, pensioner etc. People in paid employment are paying at least double that (in tax). That $10,000/yr is just the monthly insurance premium. The patient still has to pay for things out of pocket. Because his premium is so high, I'm guessing GP has a very high deductible, eg $5,000, which is paid out of pocket. Then there's the copays, scripts, and misc fees. I currently have awesome coverage (by USA standards) and still have to pay ~20% of visit out of pocket. Actually, that last part I'm guessing. Because of the back and forth game played between insurers and providers, I get confused, and haven't expended the effort to figure out the actual monies exchanged. I once witnessed overt racism at an event. I didn't know either party. To this day, I regret not intervening. Perhaps I'm now over compensating, but I became "that guy" who always speaks up. That time, I was so shocked, I didn't know how to respond. Replaying it in my head over and over, now I don't need to hesitate when it happens again. Note: you're not persuading the antagonist. Screw him. By speaking up, you're putting him and everyone on else on notice that pathological behavior will not be tolerated. A year or two back, we had a guest female speaker at a local user group. I felt that she wasn't being given the same level of respect afforded every other speaker. People talked over her, interrupted her, etc. So I said something. I pissed some people off. Others laughed at me. But next time we had a female speaker, EVERYONE was super courteous. They even joked that if anyone was rude, Specialist (me) would bring on the hurt. My advice to Andy Moore, and everyone, is to learn from his experience, and prepare for the next time, until such time that the trogs realize they can keep their sexism, racist, hatred, etc to themselves. So? Governments are the source of all wealth. Subsidies, tax breaks, issuing debts, give aways (pork), purchases, loans, war profiteering, patents, etc. Everything. Government even protects people's property rights. Without governments, there is no wealth. Personally, I'm quite proud that the US Govt is funding alternate energy, electric transportation, and space exploration. Many of the past investments have worked out quite well. I'm bullish about these investments too. I'm sorry, you're right. My bad. Thank you for noting this. Low premium usually means high deductible. GP's premium is probably high because his he's buying as individual or small company. Meaning he has little negotiating power. Nicely done. Add two dashes of unrepentant war mongering and no one would know the difference. I call this "paying my rent". I'm HAPPY to pay for services. I want my local businesses to prosper. There's an opportunity here. Starbucks popularized the notion "third place"; even if they didn't quite execute, many others did. If a cafe served real food (not just treats), even prepackaged, and sported a printer (charging per copy), I'd never leave. In my neighborhood, there's a postbox + copy center joint with unused square footage right next to an espresso cafe filled with laptop campers and scarce seating. Both have plenty of customers. But a combo would rule. I keep my personal IntelliJ license up to date. Mostly because I like choice and competition. I would be sad if jetbrains didn't exist. I use work-provided IntelliJ for the day gig. It's okay. I use Eclipse for my personal projects. Momentum mostly, been using it since the alphas. But I do greatly prefer the single problem(s) view. And the InstaSearch plugin rocks (Eclipse's stock search blows). I use SublimeText for most non source code editing. For anyone that understands politics understands that things can get done by applying a significant political push. Yes. What does that pressure look like? I've lobbied. A fair amount for an amateur. We had some small victories, but mostly lost ground. The victories we had were because we packed the hearings with warm bodies. Where are the people willing to pack the chambers over Gitmo? It absolutely should be closed. But Gitmo is not a motivating issue. Down thread, you cite Obama's enthusiasm for gun control. What's the salient difference? People are going to show up for gun control hearings. What motivates people is the human interest angle. The people upholding Gitmo have been very effective at keeping the detainees nameless and faceless. -- I worked on election integrity. Stuff like opposing internet voting, touchscreens, purging the voter registration databases, etc. When we lost it was because we were a day late, a dollar short, outgunned, exhausted, ignorant, naive, internal strive, etc. It's important to remember that our opponents have essentially unlimited resources. They also have the long view. You won this time? No biggie. They'll be back. They're happy with incrementalism, and will convert those inches into yards into miles. A few years ago, remembering the prior overwhelming opposition to internet voting, they suspended the rules and fast-tracked the legislation. So no public hearings. The deed was done before we even noticed. This is why interest groups hire lobbyists; activism is not something you can sustain on a casual basis. I will try again. Not quite done recharging my batteries. Meanwhile, I'm working on better advocacy tools. So that future me and other activists have better data, tools, resources. A bit like the open government stuff from Sunlight Foundation. But more like the commercial legislation information systems that big lobbyists use. -- Some non-political friends wanted to know how to get involved. The key is to show up. I encouraged them to pick their local city council meetings and just start showing up. (Many are televised or available via web.) Just being present will change their behavior. And there's absolutely a current local issue that you have an opinion on. So once you figure out what's what, you should testify. I've been chewing on what you said. Absolutely. I make no defense of Obama, or any other elected. I just want to understand the game better, to play it better. So I'm more curious what it'd take to close Gitmo. Not my issue, so I haven't looked. But key policy makers (blocking no votes) would have to be identified and moved. And that would take sustained years long local action, eg me and 100 of my friends camping in my Senator's or Representative's office. Ditto probably 40 other local groups. Hard to pull off. Sen. Henry Waxman's book The Waxman Report relates how his office has worked on some issues for decades, what it takes to move the needle. Very pragmatic, so in a way very optimistic. I'm currently chewing through The Politics of Attention, which melds Stephen Jay Gould's theory of punctuated equilibrium with social influence (power ranking). The basic idea is that policy makers have limited attention and stuff changes all at once when an issue rises above the noise. Now that "their guy" is in the WhiteHouse, they no longer agree that it's irresponsible to set the deficit meter... Um, no. Speaking as a proud member of The Left, we objected to blowing the Clinton era surplus by slashing revenue, starting one (or two) unnecessary war(s), and huge wet sloppy kisses to corporations (eg scripts under Medicare Plan-D). If Bush The Lesser had maintained full employment, deficit or not, The Left would have loved him. Nah. The most depressing part for me is: challenging people's flawed beliefs reinforces those flawed beliefs. Creationism, Iraq had WMDs, anthropocentric climate change, etc. I used to believe that if only we all just talked things out, we'd come to an agreement. No more. Now I focus on better organizing. Rallying the troops. Totally. I expected the simulation within a simulation, turtles all the way down, plot twist. My favorite theory was that all the humans were passengers on a generational seed ship traveling to the next star, kept in near stasis to keep them alive and mostly sane during the millennial transit. That would have played nicely with The Architect's explanation that in the perfect simulated world, humans went insane. So The Architect devised worlds with struggles. But the iteration we observed got out of hand, due to The Oracle's meddling. Such a wasted opportunity. I'm utterly opposed to electronic ballots. No touchcreens, no email voting, no internet voting. Elections with electronic ballots (records) cannot be audited. Nor can the voter's privacy be protected. [1] That said, in my opinion, Clint Curtis is not a credible witness. What he claims is certainly plausible. But he doesn't have the technical chops to pull it off. For something more reality-based, check out voteraction's lawsuit in New Mexico. http://voteraction.org/legalaction VoterAction proved that Kerry won NM in 2004. What happened in NM certainly happened elsewhere. Especially Ohio, which had so much going on in so many directions, there's no way to summarize other than to say "death by a thousand cuts". Briefly, in NM, spanish language touchscreens did not count votes cast for Kerry. Further, "faulty" storage devices (memory cards) were sent to back vendor HQ to be fixed, totally mooting the chain of custody, etc. The whole election integrity thing is like a jumping down the rabbit hole. Things are so ridiculous, it's hard to believe. And when you try to explain to people what's happened, you're dismissed as a "sweaty paranoid kook" (that's a quote). Speaking for myself, I used to think that I mail my ballot and it gets counted, what could be more simple? The more I learned, the more my confidence was shaken. I could go on and on and on about this topic... [1] Yes, I've studied the crypto proposals. They're included. Briefly, crypto schemes rely on a secure one-way hash to hide your ballot in the herd of ballots. Alas, US elections are administered per precincts (1-1000 voters) and typically have a dozen or more issues per ballots. Meaning combinatorially there's no way to hide an individual's ballot. Crypto works for simple ballots with thousands of voters. I believe you're describing the mark sense style ballot scanners. Because you still have a paper ballot, they are not electronic ballots. (Apologies for not being more clear.) http://homepage.cs.uiowa.edu/~jones/voting/optical/ I agree with your point, and only would add that the consensus among the election integrity experts is that poll-based ballot scanners which tally onsite immediately after the polls close are the most correct answer. This system has the lowest error rate. It is the easiest to audit (eg conduct a manual recount). Tampering with the results would be the most difficult (largest attack surface area). The crucial trait of paper ballots cast and tabulated at poll sites is that such as system CAN be done correctly. Meaning enable the public vote count while ensuring the secret ballot. No electronic ballot system can make those guarantees, under any circumstances. PS- I worked as a poll judge and poll inspector for a handful of elections. The jurisdiction where I reside had the same system as you described. It worked fabulously well. It was cheap. We've since moved to all postal ballots (vote by mail). Central count is a sausage factory. I fought against the transition, lost but was able to get some concessions, such as improved accounting (ballot processing) procedures. Many of the customers stubbornly remain location-based. Existing players are probably fine with Internet sales tax. It's another barrier to entry. Very helpful, thanks for link. I'm working on my own web app "framework" and had rolled my own URL/URI router. This will reduce my reinvention quotient. No contest on rising overhead. But my understanding, in my state, and I have skin in the game, is that tuition is rising as state subsidies are declining, pretty much 1:1. Whereas previously residents would get a discount compared to out of state students, pretty soon there will be no discount. Said another way, all of my state's universities will be 100% tuition supported within a few years. That's an oldie but a goodie. Saturday Night Live Clip (First CityWide Change Bank 2) http://www.imdb.com/video/hulu/vi416284697/ Yelp is an extortion racket. This is a recurring story that does not go away. Once is an accident, twice is coincidence, third time is enemy action. Further, I judge people by their actions, not their intent. "Oh, you didn't mean to shoot me in the face? No problem!" My two heresy anecdotes... My buddy has a restaurant. He's always playing cat and mouse with the Yelp reviews. He claims Yelp buries the positive reviews and that he's been told they would reorder the reviews, for a price. More worrisome is my doctor's story. I checked my doctor's Yelp review. Doctor is trashed. Which surprised me, because this doctor is great. So I ask about it. Doctor claims reviewer was a disgruntled patient looking for pain medication for migraines, which is something this doctor (a neurologist) does not do. So doctor contacts Yelp. Sorry, sir, there's nothing we can do. Perhaps you'd like to buy some advertising, we can adjust the results. Straight up extortion. What level of proof do you require? Thanks. I'll watch. I'm utterly ambivalent about which license(s) to use for my open source projects. I'm happy to follow the consensus. I'm on the other side of the fence. Walks like a duck and all that. Without checks and balances and transparency, it's easier to assume the fix is in. The mere appearance of a conflict of interest is sufficient to signify a conflict of interest. Credulous, huh? That's a good one. Please consider pivoting into time travel. Then can I tell my past self to buy three spare Big Bodhi frames (from LA Eyeworks), which are now discontinued. I can't even get spare/repair parts any more. More seriously, I wish there was a better way to find glasses that work. I've got a big head with a big nose. Very few options. And the manufacturer dimensions (specs) aren't helpful. The bridge size should be pad to pad, not frame to frame. My one great hope is to have a 3D head scanner coupled with custom built glasses, just for me. Yelp is not Consumer Reports. Yelp, Google, UrbanSpoon, YellowPages all charge for placement. And that's fine. But the veneer of collaborative filtering is a con. It's no different than the industry standard quid pro quo system of reviews for ads in tech / product magazines. Yelp's claim to some form of algorithm objectivity doesn't change the power dynamic. In other words, I don't credulously believe there to be a functioning Chinese firewall separating the business functions within Yelp. Because those firewalls rarely work, if ever. But hey, to each their own. We devs hate doing interviews. So we created an online programming test. For all applicants. Only about 30% of applicants scored 100%. I'm still astonished. We logged duration and attempts. I'm actually okay with someone retaking the test to improve their score. It was just CRUD work, requiring mechanics, not rocket scientists. And it means they recognized their own error and fixed it. Pretty much what you want out of any dev. I read the article differently. The OP is suggesting failing faster by starting with an idea, any idea, just to get moving. I've done something similar. I was a new minted engineering manager. We had lotsa grumpy gate keepers. Domain experts who would withhold information, but happy to snipe later on. So when it wasn't clear (to my immediate team) what to do, I'd add something really stupid, but plausible, to the requirements. Then claim the document was being sent to our dealer channel. Oh boy! Then I'd get the feedback I needed. I've met Martin Fowler. Super nice guy. I don't question his intent. It just seems to me that "software architects" see the world in abstractions. Another friend calls this world view "enterprisey". Fowler and I would likely agree on the principles of reducing the cost of change, DRY, YAGNI, etc. But we wouldn't agree on the mechanics for achieving those goals. why I shy away from the Java community; pedantry about simple concepts Agree. Please note the cultural context. Java, XML, design patterns, and enterprise (CORBA, MQ) all hit about the same time. So there was a temporal grouping for all those things. I started a design patterns study group about 15+ years ago. (It continues to this day. We've covered many other topics over the years, including SICP, concurrency, HTML5, computational intelligence, etc.) There was no bigger fan of "design patterns" than me. Now, I think learning "design patterns" are a phase of a developer's maturity. Kind of like only a master jazz musician knows how to break the rules of jazz. Unfortunately, it's hard to expunge (deprecate) bad ideas. For many, it's simply easier to get a fresh start by adopting a new language, tool stack, community. Java is a pretty good language. What it needs is a do-over. What would Java look like today, following the original principles of the Oak Team? Working for a tyrant, I learned the cliche "ambiguous rules, ruthlessly enforced". I believe laws are best wielded against people you don't like. There are so many laws, so broad, so contradictory, every one of us is doing something wrong at any point in time. So enforcement is just a matter of choosing how to punishing your enemies. Quote from a buddy of mine: "Dependency Injection is great. For the 6 to 8 classes you need to wire up! In which case, why would you need a framework?" Totally. My thesis is that some people truly think that way. What I find to be obtuse, obfuscated, tortured, overwrought is apparently pure poetry to others. On the flip side, I know that how I work drives many other people absolutely nuts. Citing mises.org is a conversation full stop for me. My writing style would easily give me away. If I wanted to anonymize my writing, I'd use translation services. Perhaps French -> English -> Pirate. the output of a really good text summarization algorithm Yes. And I value this aspect very much. Often as not, I prefer the wikipedia page description over a (open source) project's self-description. The lack of a requirement for truth in advertising, labeling, news, etc drives me nuts. *"After being fired, the couple successfully sued under Florida’s whistleblower laws. However, Fox won on appeal as courts found FCC regulations against news falsification was a policy, and not a law. Fox then countersued in 2004 for court fees and legal costs." http://consumerist.com/2006/08/30/fox-news-reporters-fired-f... Meaning it's perfectly fine to knowingly lie. Some tortured rationalization about free speech. I'm sure that's exactly what the founding father's had in mind while writing Second Amendment. I'd take the free market zealots a lot more seriously if they were spear heading the fight for consumer protections as a precondition to deregulation. Externalities, unintended consequences. Regulating for public safety must consider the global view. Hmmm. I dunno. Why wouldn't currency by handled by the type system? You could still have an overrun. But it'd be handled more appropriately. Long ago, I wrote a budgeting / estimating tool. Costs were represented with binary coded decimals (BCDs). Not floating point numbers. Just like an accounting system. Competing products could have weird roundoff errors. Not mine. What's your definition of "best"? There are only two measures of effectiveness. Per capita costs and life expectancy. How does Switzerland rate? Life expectancy correlates nicely with wellness. Adopt the phrase "patient oriented system" and I'm totally on board. I've read up on AdBlock, NoScript, Ghostery. I have no idea what differentiate's them. Some people run two or more. I have no idea if more means better. I don't have the gumption to splunk the code. I kinda wish either they'd declare each other competitors or embrace each other as compliments. Defining "wellness", I can do no better than rely on societal norms. I've spent much time in critical care, as both a patient and an advocate. Quality of life is of utmost importance. I support DNRs, euthanasia, and so forth. But I would not presume to impose my values on anyone else. Yup. Straight up hate speech. Which is a form of assault. Hate speech is more than insulting someone. It's advocating physical harm. "Look for reasons why you are wrong, not reasons why you are right." I share your worldview. Makes intuitive sense to me. It's intellectually honest. And if I'm wrong about something and no one corrects me, I get kinda grumpy. Maybe everyone else already knows, but I learned relatively late that it's called Popperian. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Karl_Popper#Philosophy_of_scien... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Falsifiability As a proud member of the idiot brigade, I thank you for working overtime to understand my camp's objections to GM. I'm ok with breeding. I probably don't even have a problem with transgenetics, but I'd want each effort vetted. What I oppose, utterly, are two things. 1) GM foods engineered to enable ever greater use of pesticides. 2) GM foods engineered to create their own pesticides. See, I've got this weird idea: first, do no harm. Some people call it the precautionary principle. Also known as the Hippocratic Oath popular in the healthcare professions. Now, I understand that it may not be possible to completely prove any particle thing completely safe. I get that. I'm not a zealot. And some things thought safe today could proof unsafe in the future. Or vice versa. Because science marches on, values change, and context matters. But here's two things I do know. With absolute certainty. Based on readily available data: 1) The parties pushing GM are bad actors. Repeatedly. Monsanto, ADM, Cargill, etc are only too happy to poison people to make a buck. 2) The parties charged with safe guarding public health and the environment are completely enthrall to megacorps profiting from poisoning us. These two points are not in dispute. So while, in principle, further GM efforts may be all well and fine, in an ideal world, we, unfortunately, do not live a libertarian fruit cake free market utopia. And I prefer to judge things as they are, not by what they should be. I wouldn't argue that it needs regulation to ensure it is used responsibly. Huh? And what do you call someone who ignores all negative evidence? I'd be okay with GMO apologists making an intellectually honest argument, listing the pros and cons, arguing that on the balance such and such makes sense. Basically, the greatest good for the most people. Alas, that takes some effort. It's easier to mock critics. So. I read your link. http://www.alternet.org/food/uncovering-real-story-behind-co... I'd never heard of Lynas before. He strikes me as Bjørn Lomborg character. I think all criticism should be seriously (honestly) addressed. No worldview is above reproach. I'd eagerly watch/read a debate between Lynas and the people he criticizes. In answering his criticisms, it'd help them to refine their arguments. But before any of that happens, I'd want Lynas to address his apparent conflict of interest. My bad. They were just joking with Raza. Now I get it. Ha ha, very funny. LOL Exactly. Expectation wise virtual reality is like artificial intelligence. Whatever AI solved just became "computation", while the mythical "real AI" was always just past the horizon. During the early years, VR was 3D immersive MMO dungeon (MUD) environment. VR caves and head mounted displays aren't common place. But I'd say in most other ways, the vision for VR has been largely realized. In the mid 90s, I worked on a blacksun (Snowcrash) inspired virtual world kinda thing. We tried to divine a collaboratively built world that would then be used as the scenes to host other games. Not too different from SecondLife. It sucked. At no time did any one come close to conceiving something as simple and awesome as Minecraft. I wrote a VRML browser. Super fun. VRML the language is still a superior scene / object graph language. The event model was almost the correct answer for describing interaction and has yet to be surpassed. ARON (a righteous object notation) is derived from my VRML work. I hate JSON, XML, etc with the passion of a billion burning suns. So I stripped out DEF/USE prototyping and the JavaScript events and made this, cleaned up a bit of the syntax, and made this: https://code.google.com/p/aron/ The repeated "citation needed" refrain is exhausting. As though declining social mobility is news. Your link is the third hit my quick search. https://www.google.com/search?q=declining+social+mobility+in... Took less time to do a quick fact check than to comment. It's ALMOST as if geeks would rather go full pedant on tangental points rather than face uncomfortable worldviews. How is the farmer supposed to source non-Monsanto seeds? How would he verify that seeds were from Monsanto or not? How did the farmer separate the premium seeds from the rest? What level of proof do you require? Out of curiosity, have you filed any FOIA requests? I dimly recall reading that RAM needs to be balanced against battery life. It'd be cool if we could "power down" some RAM dynamically, energy saver modes and so forth. Lady who cuts my hair has a bunch of the dyson ring fans. She likes them because they're easier to clean and stylish. My pet peeve with most consumer products is how difficult they are to clean. Too many nooks, crannies, seams, etc. A loud fan doubles as white (?) noise. Helps mask the neighbors, street noise, etc. We also set up an online test to screen candidates. Because HR and the recruiters kept sending us such terrible candidates. I just can't understand how people don't score 100%. Alas, not many do. It's saved us devs a HUGE amount of time. There is a public hearing tomorrow night and I plan on attending. That's awesome. This is what democracy looks like. I got hooked attending some townhalls on my pet topic. I've learned so much about politics, policy, etc. these last 8 years. #1 Show up. #2 Keep showing up. #3 Bring your friends. It's ridiculous how few people shape policy. The upside is adding a few more people to the debate can significantly shape outcomes. If you become credible (learn a topic well enough to speak to all points), and you pack council chambers with your supporters, you will change policy. Everyone focuses on campaigns. The real action is in policy. Politics is a dirty, filthy business, but it's still worthwhile. I strongly recommend Camp Wellstone. There's an "activist" track. Anyone aware of methodology or project management will grok their techniques immediately. The focus is policy vs products. http://www.wellstone.org/programs/camp-wellstone This is a terrific idea. I've done many FOIA requests. It's worthwhile in so many ways. If the gatekeepers don't provide the information (malicious compliance, obfuscation, foot dragging, denying request), you've got grist for the mill. EVERYONE supports "open government" and will support your efforts. It's best (PR wise) to get the incriminating information after a long drawn out fight. Depends on the issue. For election integrity, it was a small group of us vs everyone else. I've testified opposite Mark Radke of Diebold, county auditors, county executives, election administrators, retired generals, people representing the disabled community, etc. One time, our issue followed the kittens and puppies on the agenda. Something about a kennel. Council was PACKED. EVERYONE showed up for the puppies and kittens. Whereas it was just me and my cohort representing the interests of democracy. Looking at the turnout for the puppies and kittens, I turned to my cohort and said "We're doing this wrong." The times we "won", it was either because we packed the hearing or I had better (embarrassing) information. Ambiguous rules, ruthlessly enforced. Been there, been done like that. Swimming With Sharks captures the pathos pretty well, for hollywood. Definitely painful to watch. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0114594 Yup. Tree farms are not habitat. I have no problem with timber companies managing their tree farms, so long as they protect water ways (offsets), slopes (no clear cuts causing mud slides), etc. I also think we need new management practices (eg permit more smallers fires to reduce likelihood of huge fires). My problem is when timber companies must extract every board foot from every acre, threatening critical habitat, from public forests. To add insult to injury, we (the public) build the roads, and sell the timber at a loss. I wouldn't mind so much if the mythical "free market" was working, so that timber, mining, fishing, and ranching companies actually paid fair market price for the resources they're stealing. Citation needed. Left wing thought, in my world, is creating the maximum benefit for the maximum number of people. We against "robbing peter to pay paul". Lies, lies, and more lies. Nice. Domestic timber is in the dumpster right now due to foreign logs and a lack of new housing. Um, no. Timber, pulp, paper are all cyclic. Always have been, always will be. We are talking decades after replanting, there are very few industries that have to follow this. And then, after waiting all that time, you need to hope that the market isn't in the state that it's currently in. We're talking about public lands. What are you talking about? I care little what timber companies do with the land we gave them last century. But if they're cutting down OUR trees on OUR land, then they have to replant that acreage. If they can't do that profitably, then too bad. There is no right to profit. Don't be so blind as to just blanket all logging in the world as 'logging bad'. You said it. Not me. Projection much? False equivalency. Conserving the koalas is done at the expensive of corporate profits, not human lives. I grew up in a pulp and paper town that is a shell of what it once was. Blame automation. Full stop. But look at the bright side. Twilight themed tourism is booming. No contest the decline of print media is effecting the paper industry. It's been a while since I've looked (or cared). I've long assumed growth in pulp tracked with the economy. I didn't consider increased recycling or the economic crash (2008). Either way, I couldn't quickly find info (e.g. Wolfram Alpha). We're talking past each other. I really don't care about the fortunes of the timber, pulp, paper industries. They've been terrible stewards of the earth. You say they've improved. Sorry, I just can't imagine that. It's possible that the "fallow" restored forests of the northeast (mentioned upthread) are the future for elsewhere. Maybe. I don't see it in the short term. Between the pine beetle and ever greater risk of forest fires (in hindsight the bad burn mgmt as well as drying due to climate change), our forests are in trouble. To say nothing of sprawl and over development in fire prone areas... Any way. You really need to cut out the ad hominen. You're convinced you're right and I'm a noob. Fine. I feel you're just repeating industry misinformation. Fine. But there's no discourse when you sink to throwing around insults. More projection. I have no idea what you're talking about. You got sideways when people (correctly) pointed out that tree farms are not the same as rain forests. Much like how a corn fields is not a wetland. Utterly uncontroversial. But you imagined a slight and made it personal. As a proud taxpayer, I enthusiastically support government subsidies which move the ball forward. No mention of escape analysis. That's where I'm placing my bets. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Escape_analysis Most short-lived objects can be stack allocated. Then the heap gets much less of a work out. The runtime can figure out heap vs stack. Progressively better over time. Definitely better than I can do. C# has (had?) the option of explicit stack allocated data (pseudo objects). Terrible idea. Premature optimization that prevents the runtime from doing a better job. If I was doing embedded, realtime, or kernel dev work, I'd want to fiddle the bits myself. But I don't so I don't. Very interesting. Thank you for the update. I'm more than a few years out of date. I may have to place new bets. :) FWIW, Azul has presented to our local user group (seajug.org) a few times, most recently Nov 2012. There's video http://www.nimret.org/seajug/index.jsp?p=2012%2Fnov%2F By all accounts, their allocation and garbage collection implementations are the best available. That hadn't occurred to me. In the late 90s, I cowrote OpenGL bindings for Java, which became the model for jogl and so forth. Whereas other bindings using JNI duplicated the native/C structs, I just carried around the native pointer as a long and used it as an "opaque" pointer. Much less copying (thunking) back and forth. I also vote for ethics and civics. Extra credit for "personal" economics (what is money, compound interest, budgeting, buy/lease/rent, etc). Thus far, I'm agreeing with you. Facts have nothing to do with the rhetoric being spewed. It's all just tribalism. As a progressive, I had believed that we could all reach some kind of agreement, if only we could talk it out. Not understanding why that wasn't working, I started researching (Don't Think of an Elephant, What's Wrong with Kansas, etc) and experimenting (practicing talking points on right wing family and friends). It's been illuminating. One of my brothers was advocating higher effective tax rates, deficit reduction, and so forth. So I said "So you'd support returning to Clinton era policies?" The answer surprised me. He said no. I asked why not. After some musing, he told me Clinton era economic growth was a "false economy". Um, okay. If he had something about bubbles, I'd totally agree. But all he had was "false economy". Probably something he heard on the radio. I've had similar discussions about healthcare. Every single value, position, complaint, etc would suggest the belligerent would support universal coverage with a single payer. But dare suggest it and there's a strong reaction. Hell no, that's socialism. Or whatever. I've decided there's no profit in attempting persuasion. The only successful strategy is to organize better than your opponents. The purpose of rhetoric (messaging, persuasion) is to motivate one's supporters or neutralize opposition. In my jurisdiction, there's a mandatory manual recount triggered by a close result every single general election. If you think your vote doesn't matter, you haven't been paying attention. I currently work on "student facing" products in higher ed. Find courses. Register for classes. Degree audit. Etc. My work is just a small slice. It's all open source. I took the job because I believe that open source solutions for government and non-profits are the Correct Answer. Now, a few years later, I'm disillusioned. The work I do, one cannot push harder. Like an octopus, the harder you push, the harder the problem fights back. Rather, you have to come at everything sideways. Covertly lay out a tarp to the side of the problem. Sneak up on the problem. Whack it on the head. Hope that it falls onto the tarp. Once it's unconscious, drag the tarp in a generally useful direction. Quickly. Before the problem wakes back up. Before it starts to wander off in some random direction and resumes eating everything in sight. The IT needs for higher ed are so varied and complicated, there is no one size fits all. I don't see how any code I've written could possibly be used as-is any where else. It's barely useful across all our colleges and departments. My prior real gig was basically a lot of ETL for medical records for regional health organizations. The higher ed stuff I do now is far more complicated, overall. Which really surprised me. The community governance model for collaborative development of open source software is very, very, very inefficient. I came from doing startups. Working higher ed, I can't believe how long stuff takes. And what does get accomplished is lowest common denominator stuff, stone soup style. Imagine doing pair programming XP style with the stupidest people you've ever worked with. Now have those people do "software architecture". I don't know so much about K-12 and community colleges. But methinks continuous improvement, cultural change for higher ed IT is hopeless. First, it's wicked hard problem. Scheduling, resourcing, registration, financing, payroll, etc. You'd never guess how much work goes into determining if a class is open (for enrollment) or closed. Now imagine that deliberation for absolutely every function within an organization as heterogenous and weird as a university. Second, every single mailstop within the organization insists on their own unique super double plus awesome way of doing things. Not better or worse, just different. Third, there is no existential crisis which can be used to ram change down every one's throats. A president or provost or whoever really is just a fund raising figure head. They're not an executive like a CEO. They're more like the secretary general of the UN. The only way I can imagine higher ed IT can be "solved" is for GATT style agreement for how stuff should be done to be forged. But I don't want to see that. I love universities for their complexity, weirdness, variety, unruliness. To become an organization with straight forward IT needs, it'd become just a diploma mill. And that'd suck. Hardest part is figuring out what's going on. Second hardest is figuring out what to do about it. My path has been: concerned bystander, protester, activist, lobbyist, and now reformer (aspirational thus far). My advice to everyone is #1 - Find your tribe. Working alone is too hard. #2 - Learn how to organize, message, lobby. They exposed the lack of security, thereby threatening the revenues of some contractor(s) and kickbacks of some generals. Reminds me of the charade of security exposed by Navy SEAL Richard Marcinko in his book Rogue Warrior. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Marcinko TL;DR: His team did penetration testing pretty much everywhere, with great success, embarrassing the hierarchy. I have chronic life threatening illnesses. I've had equal numbers of good doctors and bad doctors. I'm deeply skeptical. It's wicked hard for me to figure out what's going on in my body. And self-reporting is notoriously unreliable. Until science catches up, I think we should all "try and see", compare notes, and keeping searching until we find solutions. I've been patient advocate for many others; this is old advice. --- About two years ago I tried the Four Hour Body strategy. My goal was to lose weight. I was astonished when my psoriasis started to clear up. The important part: I established cause and effort by stopping the nutrition (bad eating during business trips) and the psoriasis comes back with a vengeance. I have no idea why it works. Because I'm eating more veggies? Because I'm avoiding wheat? All I know is it works. Since then, I've had steady improvement while sticking to the troglodiet (tm), resumed eating meat and lotsa more of veggies. More or less following Dr Terry Wahls "Minding your Mitochondria" strategy, with occasional treats (cheesecake!) so I don't go insane. Most recently, my gf persuaded me to try her naturopath doctor. From prior experience, I think naturopaths are quacks at best. But I also think that the good bits of naturopathy will eventually just be called "nutrition". I presented specific complaints to this ND, which my other doctors haven't been able to assist with. I'll give an non-embarrassing example. My muscles never relax. I'm now super tone without exercising. It's fantastic. But I also have zero energy. I've been taking magnesium. I've seen a neurologist. I've tried some other stuff. So the ND says the magnesium isn't getting to my muscles because I'm not eating enough essential fatty acids. Tells me to eat more of such and such and take some pills. Sure, why not, can't hurt. Similar story for the other conditions I have. Well, I'm about a month into this new regiment. Huge improvement on one issue, modest improvement on two others, and no change with the fourth. In a few more months, I'll stop the regiment, see if my conditions get worse. I don't want to be taking pills and such without benefit. --- I agree with everything you've written, but we should continue to experiment and ask questions, until we find solutions. > But it doesn't solve my "need a new mac pro" problem. Yes! Totally yes! I held off buying a MBP just so mine would be one generation better than my coworkers'. I just know there's a MBP in the pipeline, because the inventory has been allowed to dry up. Why wasn't a new model announced? Thank you for including the name of the pundit (David Brooks) in the link. Saves me the effort of opening link. The NSA gathers most available data about most people. What does it matter which server establishes the socket connection? I wrote the backend for the exchange of electronic medical records. We used numerous protocols: scp, ftp, http, etc. And numerous formats: csv, hl7, xml, etc. We had numerous partners: pharma, labs, hospitals & clinics, EMTs, CDC, etc. In all cases, I'd feel comfortable saying we had "direct access". Because in all cases, the audience of doctors, nurses, execs, admins knew enough to make policy decisions. Would you drop this chew toy if the Guardian had written "near realtime live data feed"? Followup. Why is this tidbit such a big deal to you? I think you have unrealistic expectations. Have you ever tried to get a story published in the "mainstream" media? I've done technical writing. I also spent years explaining my pet issue to journalists, reports, policy makers, other lobbyists. It's a miracle if the message gets thru mostly correctly. You ever read a story about topic in which you're an expert? Then you know the press never get the story completely "right". Even if lawyer Greenwald understood what computer expert Snowden was trying to explain, he'd still have a hard to time running that explanation past his editors. And I'm absolutely certain that whoever is reporting tried to explain novel ideas using layperson's language. What turns my crank is the nitpicking to obfuscate the policy issue. If the people freaking about "direct access" think it's wrong, I'd very much like them to correct the record. tptacek? Care to explain precisely how the NSA slurps up all the data? I have a problem with the idea of conversations on HN reifying speculation that Google or Facebook are defrauding their customers; I also have a problem with bullshit stories clouding the very real problems we do have with overreaching surveillance. Agreed. For future, I encourage you to state your objections plainly. Like this (above). And perhaps focus on the issues, facts, details and less about the players. So then you're not a Popperian. Understood. Massive surveillance, whether for marketing or "national security", definitely eases identity theft. I'm also troubled that people are accessing, consuming, using data about me without my knowledge or consent. I would like to know if someone cares that I'm meditating with the Buddhists monks or really love collecting Beannie Babies. Orwell, Kafka, Huxley, others, all had great insights. Sadly, John Brunner doesn't get much love. His novels greatly influenced my worldviews. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Shockwave_Rider http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Sheep_Look_Up I've gotten off buses because of stinky people. The fix is to provide sanitation and hygiene resources. I would never want to deter, filter, screen any person (who is not harming others) from public services. Tolls, fares, fees, onerous parking and impound rules, etc are a way to separate "us" from "them". It's becoming more acute as inequity continues to increase (in the USA). Article is about costs, not ridership. What NTA determined is that not collecting fares is less expensive, more efficient. Meaning, it costs more money to collect fares than not. In my area, fares have never covered the costs of buses. Or ferries. Public spaces, aka the commons, is where all of society's problems manifest. Homeless people sleeping on buses is caused by, wait for it, homelessness. Not free buses. Sex workers turning tricks in public bathrooms is caused by, wait for it, prostitution being illegal. Crazy stinky people accosting people in public are caused by, wait for it, kicking mentally ill people to curb to fend for themselves. Freeride zones and public toilets are currently impractical. Because they're being sabotaged by larger issues. But they're still good ideas, both empirically and morally. Thank you for replying. Godspeed. Given the insulting price offered by Half Price, I just started giving all my books to my local public library. They mostly auction them to raise money. I may check out the Amazon Trade In option mentioned upthread. IIRC, she was also gagged by the court during her wrongful termination lawsuit, citing national security. Convenient. I don't believe (2) at all. Journalists are careerist and media outlets are bottom-line focused. Name three. Seymour Hersh, Greg Palast, the crew at Democracy Now! (Amy Goodman, Juan Gonzales). Who else? It's a pretty short list. I can't think of any remaining "mainstream" (corporate) journalists. They've all gotten the Dan Rather treatment. Some bloggers have managed to swim upstream, eg Paul Krugman and Matthew Yglesias. But most muckraking work (eg Fire Dog Lake) is not corporate funded. Thom Hartmann is kinda unique. And lefties like Rachel Maddow are commentators, not doing original reporting. The difference is editorial independence. You know this. The Guardian, Al Jazeera, The Christian Science Monitor, a few others, are in no way comparable to properties owned by media conglomerates. You know this. If not "corporate", how would you refer to likes of News Corp, Clear Channel, Time Warner, Disney, etc? "Purveyors of propaganda for the power elite?" "Anti-democratic radical right wing noise echo chambers?" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corporate_media "Corporate media" is a term which refers to a system of mass media production, distribution, ownership, and funding which is dominated by corporations and their CEOs. It is sometimes used as a term of derision to indicate a media system which does not serve the public interest in place of the mainstream media or "MSM," which tends to be used by both the political left and the right as a derisive term. I loathe the trite "citation needed" when challenging disagreeable opinions. Especially when statements are so easily fact checked. However, your thesis of more federal funding leading to raising prices doesn't square with my experience, what I understand of the current situation, and many of the sourced comments below. (I currently work in higher ed; funding, tuition, loans, worth of degrees are discussed ad nauseum. Though I sling code, many friends and coworkers deal with the money, budgets, and legislature.) By "federal funding", do you mean research grants? I dimly recall that during my father's generation, Sputnik motivated huge influx of cash into both K-12 and higher ed. Also, my grandfather's generation benefitted from the GI Bill. Those initiatives lowered student costs. It's accepted wisdom that our tuition has risen in direct proportion to the withdrawal of state funding. We're currently funded at 9%. It's completely, sadly accepted that we'll eventually be fully tuition funded. I can't speak to the student loan gouging. Prior generations of students had very low interest rates with lenient payback enforcement. So your point seems counterfactual, leaning on some libertarian "free market" worldview. Sure. Would you take a job that didn't require a degree? How much would you expect to earn? If the GP had said "A degree is required to (hopefully) maintain your parent's standard of living," which is obviously implied by the context, would you be able to restrain the pedantry? Yea. College used to be a rite of passage. Now campus looks like a resort, to better attract tuition, err, I mean students. Predictably, you're confusing wealth with inequity. Good question. We recently talked about that. I was surprised to learn that in-state tuition discounts were subsidized by the state. I had always assumed out-of-state students were charged a premium. I'm told that, in my state, community college students will (likely) continue to get subsidized, whereas university students won't. Sounds reasonable. But I see things slightly differently. I see three (major) factors. #1 Supply and demand. Manufacturing and agricultural jobs have declined, the population increases, there haven't been enough knowledge and service jobs to take up the slack. So employers can keep raising standards. I recall how hard recruiting / hiring was during the dot com boom, when my region had near full employment. We were hiring anyone who could spell "HTML". Now the situation has reversed. #2 Anti-competitive impulses. Nearly every single person who successfully climbs the ladder immediately turns around and pulls the ladder up behind them. To limit the competition. I saw this with the ridiculous continuing education requirements for teachers. I saw this when I served on the hiring board, where the members wrote prerequisites & requirements they themselves couldn't meet. I see this in politics where most every incumbent makes challenges ever more difficult. Etc, etc. #3 Using high requirements as a filter (firewall) in a very high noise to signal environment. The part of hiring I hate most is chewing thru the deluge of resumes that any job posting now gets. I think the buzzword bingo filtering is unfair and doesn't work. Which is why so many people hire thru their social network, routing around the broken HR processes. Then you can start your research with the definition of standard of living. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Standard_of_living Which of the factors listed have improved? Note the explicit acknowledgement of these measures done in context, meaning in relative terms. Measuring wealth in absolute terms is unhelpful. Also, social mobility has been declining for decades. Your personal experience is not the norm. relative to some set of moving goalposts Otherwise known as "the neighbors". Any way. Let's review. You argumentatively, literally interpreted VLM's statement "At least in the USA there are fewer jobs every year." While ignoring his obviously correct broader point about rising requirements for job applicants. I refuted your pedant by pointing out that while there are more jobs, you probably need a degree to get a well paying job. Then you ignored my question "Would you take a job that didn't require a degree? How much would you expect to earn?" and proceeded to pendant about something else, purposefully misunderstanding (or reinterpreting) commonly accepted terminology. So, please, forgive me, I can't figure out what you're arguing about. Please repeat which broadly accepted obvious point you originally disagreed with (this time). Thanks. VoterAction.org proved in court that Kerry won New Mexico in 2004, even though its electoral votes were awarded to Bush. Just the tip of the iceberg. The leaded gasoline theory better explains observations (gathered data). The abortion rights theory is still very interesting , and worth discussion, but leaded gasoline is currently more right, to be amended and supplanted as we learn more. Science! Apparently at least some of the crime statistics have been fudged. The Crime Numbers Game: Management by Manipulation http://www.amazon.com/The-Crime-Numbers-Game-Manipulation/dp... So now I don't know what to believe. My guess is that violent crime has gone down, but not as fast as the police depts have reported. I don't remember where I heard this, but one journalist/investigator compared crime reports with hospital admissions and bodies in the morgue. They didn't match, eg underreporting. The most extreme example I've heard is Disney World in Florida, where the body is removed from the premises (jurisdiction) before a report is filed, so they can keep the fatality counts down. Agreed. This is a really neat idea with a compelling implementation. But instead of trying to describe the service (tech), I'd choose a catchy name (textback, textpong, pongtext) and show by example. People will grok it once they see it. Identify a handful of use cases. Hope that one hits the mark. Run like hell. Here's some of the ways I could imagine people using it. - My chiropractor, hairdresser, mechanic wants to confirm an appointment. - My chiro, etc needs to cancel, resched, etc. - I'm on a wait list for time sensitive goods like flights, concert tickets, restaurant reservations or close out of cupcakes and vendors needs to confirm transaction, first come first serve (first right of refusal) style. - I have a periodic donation to my favorite charity (or campaign contribution) and they want to do another "ask" (for more money). I'd like to respond, something like "thanks for asking, here's $100, please ask again in 6 months". - Real time ad hoc game shows. It's trivia night at the local pub. Send a text to the game host to join. (Hmmm. This is a great idea. Yours, for free.) Any way. I'm sure there's zillions of use cases. And there's at least a few customers who will pay to scratch an itch. Best of luck to the OP. some sort of ingrained attitude against having patience and curiosity Please. You assume too much. In an attention economy, our most precious resource is our time. If someone wants my attention, they have to do the work. If I gave everything the attention it deserved, I'd never get anything done. I only looked at trext (at all) because another commenter said the demo video was great (and it is). This is old, old territory. HTML's least offense is its syntax. XorNot just doesn't have the vocabulary (or desire) to rehash a settled debate. Just to save some time, HTML+CSS+JS fuses, poorly: 1) page description / layout 2) appearance 3) interaction / animation 4) forms 5) content 6) metadata / markup 7) typography 8) vector art and raster images You could probably throw in HTTP stuff, cookies, how much the DOM sucks, and multimedia too. Sadly, bad as HTML is, there hasn't been anything better. Anger and hatred after 9/11 is what led us down this spiral 9/11 merely silenced the critics, allowing the power elite to bum rush the Constitution, aka the Shock Doctrine. Panopticon has always been the plan. There's always a plan, waiting for the opportunity. Great info, thanks. How reliable is the mail delivery? Do you know how much mail is lost? One percent, more, less? (I believe one kind of failure is called UAA - undeliverable as addressed.) I'd love to learn more, but don't know where to start. Some of us election integrity activists are deeply concerned with the transition to vote by mail (all postal ballots, no more poll sites). One practical complaint is our assumption that 1% of all mail is lost. In a big county like mine, that's 12,000 ballots. My FOIA requests were rebuffed. Apparently the data gathering is done by third parties, so is considered proprietary. (A nice dodge, illustrating how privatization reduces government transparency and accountability.) The best information I found was looking at court cases, where USPS' customers (eg bulk mailers) dispute the UAA, and don't want to pay extra. Who's got time for that? There's a reason we consider the source. The Bozo Bit works. Speaking as a dad, I hate taking my boys to the playground for the same reason. As a single dad, I never experienced that weirdness. It might be a type thing. Kids, dogs, and moms love me. (But not ex-wives.) Have we, as a society, looked into possibly supplying people with short-term loans... "The reason poor people remain poor is because they don't have access to capital." Sorry, I couldn't quickly rediscover the author / researcher who made this statement. Everything costs more when you're poor and it's harder to get ahead when you're underwater. Having been "poor" (medical debt), I heartedly concur. I learn all sorts of new things listening to Mind Over Matters on keep.org every weekend. http://kexp.org/programs/MindOverMatters Disappointment. I get that. The greatest good for the greatest number. Focus on the successes. Not everyone can be helped. But withholding help because of some free loaders isn't moral. Drive by comment... Looks neat. Looks like no port to Mac yet...? That's cool. I''ll wait. I'm a pretty basic user loving iTerm on Mac. One feature I really want is mouse positioning and selection of text (for the current command line). Arrow navigation is okay, but I'm a casual user not a power user. What is a "free market"? Can you (anyone) provide a real world example? I still find a lot of inspiration from the earlier UI books (ideas), before everything settled down. Lots of crazy, awesome ideas. Now it's just how to books. I've been anticipating the ZUI for ages. eg It's the correct answer for a window manager. It's the only way to maintain continuity, preventing users getting "hyperlost", kinda like what breadcrumbs try to accomplish. Did you see the new flashy zooming Calendar transitions in the WWDC Mavericks demo? It appears to have the right balance between zooming and level of detail (LOD). Me want! FWIW, I did not anticipate the dynamic 2.5D in the forthcoming iOS 7. That's gonna be huge. HTTP should have been a simple binary protocol from the start What are the advantages of binary HTML vs plaintext HTML + gzip? I've observed many binary format efforts. Various binary XML, BSON, binary VRML. The only efforts that made any sense (penciled out) were binary geometry representations eg enabling mesh compression. (PS- I hate tagged formats like XML and HTML with the passion of a billion burning suns.) Most academics don't want to be teachers. Many of my coworkers (in higher ed) would rather be teaching. But it just doesn't pay. YMMV Do we need a new tag? [OPENSECRET]? Listening to Democracy Now this morning, one of the defense witnesses in the Manning trial explained that many, many of classified documented Manning is accused of leaking are also publicly available via government websites or in the media. For instance, personal details of detainees at gitmo. I'm struggling to understand how information which is in the public domain can be classified. Was expecting to find comment by tptacek explaining how WP's Craig Timberg has no journalistic integrity because "direct access" clearly doesn't mean the NSA gets whatever data it wants by whatever means necessary. Rather, "direct access" can only imply the NSA administers the credentials of each and every server and database existent, which clearly couldn't be true. Maybe he's busy. I'll check back. You've triggered a flashback. I now sorta recall using different colored highlighter pens to denote different kinds of things: loops, jumps, data, etc. I'm mocking the "direct action" fabricated controversy. I apologize that wasn't more clear. I fully expected Craig Timberg to be attacked, just like Glenn Greenwald was. It is unfair that I'm using a nym, whereas tptacek's a real identity. It may be unfair to single out tptacek out of the mob of people banging the "direct action" drum. He stands out here on HN. Since I'm using a nym, I won't belabor the point. Exactly what US industry should health care emulate? The best available answer is capitation, where care providers are rewarded for keeping people healthy, not treating disease. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Capitation_(healthcare) In practice, people live longer and costs go down. Too many people confuse prices (set by a market) with incentives. In the mythical future perfect "free market", competition would drive prices down and all would be "good". Alas, there are no free markets. Further, the desired outcomes is healthy people, not cheap healthcare. I'm not a biologist, related from Lustig's video, probably incorrectly: fructose + glucose = sucrose. Body needs glucose. Fructose goes straight to liver, metabolized like alcohol, a bunch of bad stuff happens. Reason fruits are better than fruit juice is the fiber blocks the fructose from being metabolized, letting the needed glucose through. Eating straight refined sugar is probably almost as bad as HFCS. But other sources of sugar (in moderation) are proably fine. FWIW, I add fruit into my morning kale smoothie, and it tastes delicious. I remain astonished that Martha Stewart was targeted, convicted, and jailed. I don't care either way if she did some thing wrong. I care about the unequal application of justice. In contrast, I can't imagine anyone targeting Oprah. She'd destroy (PR-wise) anyone challenging her. Recall that beef lobby's attacks. Jobs is like Silicon Valley's Oprah. Abstaining != apathy. If you vote "none of the above", or spoil your ballot, you have my respect. Heck, if you sit it out and chill, that's cool too. But if you can't be bothered to participate, or worse discourage others with cynicism (Trey Parker, Matt Stone), and then complain , I have nothing but contempt for you. That said, running one's own email server is nothing like voting. I've always assumed that encrypting my communications is akin to demanding the authorities pay special attention to my activities. Great idea. Good for election integrity too. "Under votes", common down ticket, allows someone to helpfully making a choice for you. Those down ticket races like sheriff, auditor, judge are pretty high stakes, often decided by just a few votes. Absolutely. I implemented 5 regional health information exchanges. We resigned ourselves to accepting that a disclosure was a matter of when , not if . It is a subtle distinction but legally a significant one. Not subtle. No distinction. I just seem to see a lot of conjecture but no actual evidence. All data about every one. Including everyone's social network. Hard to be more clear than that. First graf is an excellent summary. Ran into the same logic fighting to protect the secret ballot. Many jurisdictions tie ballots to voters thru unique barcodes. Excellent for ballot tracking, accountability. Terrible for voter privacy. Government argued that although data is collected, it's never looked at, so no violation of privacy. Ditto prescanning ballots before election day. It's not "tabulation" until they run the final report. All the draft reports beforehand don't count. These Kipling "just so stories" logic makes me nuts. "Corporate media" is a term which refers to a system of mass media production, distribution, ownership, and funding which is dominated by corporations and their CEOs. It is sometimes used as a term of derision to indicate a media system which does not serve the public interest in place of the mainstream media or "MSM," which tends to be used by both the political left and the right as a derisive term. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corporate_media No contest. I don't read Wired. Too corporate. underestimated the costs I could have told them that. I designed and implemented portable electronic medical records for 5 regional exchanges. Hospitals, clinics, pharmacies, ambulances, permanent stays (nursing homes), insurers, labs, etc. Coordination was tough, because everyone thinks they own the data (and loathe to share) and are often competitors. It's all about the incentives. The only fix I can think of is single payer, which will compel everyone to play nicely together. That said... Simply having the state by state insurance comparison portals seems to be very effective for price competition, better than I could have predicted. So on balance, it looks like the impact of Obamacare / ACA will be really good, if not perfect. If you decide to ignore those in your study because you want to study something specific then you should make it very, very clear. I don't know how cavalle could be more clear: s/he's not judging the study design, but rather the popular report of the study results. You're just emphasizing the "we don't know" part, while I was emphasizing the "there might be some risk" part. Teach the controversy (a la Merchants of Doubt) vs the precautionary principle. What changed? The '80s happened. Greed is good. The decades of corporatist funded libertarian populist propaganda finally started to work. Supply side economics. Mergers and acquisitions. Corporate raiders. Looting pensions. Gaming investment vehicles, or outright fraud. Long-term sustained assault on labor. Offshoring, outsourcing, guest workers. Regressive taxation. Defaults. Bailouts. Deficit spending. Etc. 80's = Reaganomics http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reaganomics "Greed is good." is a quote by the character Gordon Gecko from the movie Wall Street. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0094291 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gordon_Gekko Apologies. I won't repeat the mistake. I rank discontinuing HotJava as one of Sun's biggest missed opportunities. The stackexchange commenter moans about graphics performance in Java. I helped write the Magician OpenGL bindings for Java in the '90s (the Java API side was all me, which Sven of JOGL basically copied). My VRML browser was just as fast (fps) as the available VRML browsers written in C/C++. With JDK 1.1. Nowadays, Java and OpenGL go together like peas and carrots. Exhibit A is MineCraft. A good buddy of mine does all his projects in Java and OpenGL. The latest is the awesome 2D skeletal animator called Spine at http://esotericsoftware.com . I couldn't imagine him doing it on top of any other stack. you're not going to have a similar memory footprint with any kind of GC'd language Cost of GC doesn't bother me. Java's basic overhead for all data structures does. Class String is a mistake. Better to have string scalars compiled down to char[], avoiding the class wrapper. Massive overuse of HashMaps by most frameworks is huge drag too. Using typed collections (vs generics) like Trove helps quite a bit. Our study group had a really good session on optimizing memory usage. Sorry, I can't quickly find the slidedeck we used. I used jamm to profile various strategies. Super fun. I recently saw something in the newsfeed about JVM and optimal memory usage. Bit packing, word boundaries, ordering, etc. (It's more low level than I typically work, so I didn't bookmark it, sorry.) expect that your framerate was significantly more stuttery and inconsistent due to garbage collection Static scenes, simple eventing. Compile the screen graph to meshes, load textures, then move the camera around. No stutter. The trick is to avoid the GC, not thrash the heap, don't create a lot of short-lived objects. Implementing LOD would have sped up my browser quite a bit. The other idea was to compile VRML's DEF prototypes to Java byte code, avoiding VRML engine overhead, in which case my Java would have smoked C/C++. My conclusion was not that my stupid simple browser was amazing, but rather the "native" C/C++ implementations were terrible. By comparison, my browser was about 5 times faster than LiquidReality, another Java-based browser. Great metaphor. Stealing it. Thanks. Working on boats and cars with my dad, we always cleaned up using sugar and dish soap. Never salt! Because it'd make those scraped knuckles sting! :) Thank you for the follow up(s). No contest on your position regarding high fps and using a GC language like Java. I definitely don't have your experiences. I equate VRML browsers with HTML browsers. General purpose, casual use, low cost of content production, etc. Just like with an HTML browser, even if you can make a fast twitch game with VRML, you probably shouldn't, for so many reasons. My project was a virtual world construction kit based on a modular toy system. Think LegoCAD. At the time, VRML was ideal. I only "trust" distrust. Mutual suspicion of belligerents (adversaries) to keep each other in check. Balance of powers. I was a very engaged election integrity activist. The reason elections in the USA worked as well as they did for as long as they did is because no one trusted the system, each other, etc. Hence the Australian ballot system of voting. If all the players agree to the count, then I as Joe Citizen have greater confidence (vs trust) in the results. The moment anyone mentions "trust", I assume there's a scam of some sort, either by default or by design. PS- I sometimes trust family. re Civilization, I'm in the Robert Wright "Non-zero" camp, where progress is made when non zero sum alternatives are found to win/lose (zero sum) situations. As for Schneier, he's great, have a few of his books, read his blog. The distinction he doesn't make is between governance and civility. Or perhaps its a spectrum. If someone else has power over me, or delegated to them thru me (eg elections), I'm always going to be very skeptical. To the best of my knowledge, no one has found a better answer to the conundrum of governance than balance of powers (mutual distrust). The government pretty much exists to protect middle-aged, upper middle class women like my mom. Glad I'm up late reading comments. This is one of the smartest, most astute political commentaries I've ever read. I think you have the gist of it. The cliche is that it's easier to great a government program than to kill it. Further, there have been numerous prior attempts to rein in people like Poindexter and Hayden. The champions of the surveillance state have been remarkably tenacious. Which organizations do you trust? Thanks for the tips. Will definitely investigate. A buddy of mind wrote HandPlot for AutoCAD (way back in the day). It'd jitter the HPGL/2 output to mimic a drafter's pen drawn technique. The visual "draft" effect encouraged dialog, whereas the precision of normal plots shutdown discussion. (Looks like it's now a built in feature called Visual Styles, hmmm). I've always wanted to do the same for hand lettering. Any one who's done drafting on the boards knows what I'm talking about. People used to take great pride in their unique lettering. Somehow parlaying that into one's design/contract drawings would be awesome. I looked at PostScript and TrueType, but couldn't figure out how to randomize the letter forms. I never looked at OpenType. Absolutely. It's something cognitive. The mind is more creative when there's blanks to fill in. I played around a bit to see if I could style HTML+CSS to look sketch / toon / hand drawn. Precisely what I thought Balsamiq was doing. Wouldn't that be awesome? Alas, I didn't get very far. I chopped a hand drawn box into 9 GIFs (upper left, upper middle, upper right, ... lower right) and attached them to a DIV. A lot of work. And the long edges could only be stretched, vs repeated. And I couldn't fathom a way to "owner draw" (old Win32 dev here, sorry) other widgets like dropdowns and scrollbars. If there was a way to access each widget's vectors, then a hand drawn style is totally feasible. Perhaps once zoomable UIs become common place. Given that the USA system is expensive, immoral, and counterproductive, is there a system or model or whatever we should work towards. Having done some activism, I've learned it's an easier sell what you're for vs what you're against. I'm totally onboard with improving the care of mentally ill people. But I don't know what to ask for. If someone pointed out a bandwagon, I'd totally hop on. I am very disappointed with him. Yup. My disappointment is tempered with the knowledge that we (The People) aren't doing our jobs very well either. "Power concedes nothing without a demand. It never did and it never will." -- Frederick Douglass "I agree with you, I want to do it, now make me do it" -- FDR Politicians only respond to pressure. Period. From a game theoretic standpoint, it makes perfect sense: Why take a position today which could come back and bite them tomorrow? Better to take the safe route, the status quo. I have modest experience with this, mostly disappointment. The small successes we had happened when we packed hearings with bodies. If you can mobilize and won't go away, politicians will do anything to make you go away. It doesn't matter who's in the chair: Democrat, Republican, fruitcake, saint, elected, appointed, whatever. You make a stink, you get your way. Sometimes you have to make a very big stink. And the personal costs are often very high. With winner takes all politics, there is no third party. Duverger's Law: to get 51% of the vote, everyone tries to form the smallest winning coalition. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duverger's_law If you want to build a viable third party, start with local elections, build your farm team. It takes decades to be viable. Then at some point, one of the dominate coalitions will pivot and subsume the new platform. It's happened many times in the USA. You might not have seen my late comment upthread... Sure. Punish them. Get it out of your system. You do have a choice. You can organize. You can be the change that you want to see. As a political acquaintance of mine likes to say: Whenever I feel the heat, I see the light! If you don't know how to get started, I recommend Camp Wellstone's organizer training and joining your local political party (whatever flavor you like) and become a precinct committee officer. 1/2 true. I didn't choose... To have my ass kicked, repeatedly, both at home and at school. To be bounced around as a child, moving 28 times before graduating, having 3 foster families To have a grave life threatening illness. To become a young parent (thought I was sterile, but it only takes one, right)? Things I did choose... Somehow avoided drugs. Books and computers, mostly as escapism, lucky me geeks now do well economically. Became a stable parent, deferring my dreams until my son graduated. Always trying to improve my well being, eg exercise, nutrition, seeking new treatments for my diseases, etc. Conclusion... I've been on the streets and in support groups with others who had their choices taken away, didn't have access to the resources and opportunities I had, or simply didn't know they were born awesome and could choose life. And I recognize that many have had things far worse than me. We're all just trying to do the best we know how. So I try not to judge. ...capitalism vs socialism alone, it's much more nuanced than that. Profiteering. Seems pretty simple to me. I'm exhausted by the -ism debates and mythical free markets. To me, it's about the incentives. So I support a single payer using the capitation model, reward wellness vs treating disease. With ACA (Obamacare), I hope that we're on our way towards single payer in the USA. Meanwhile, I'm impressed with improvements gained so far with the modest initial reforms (eg health exchanges). Who would have thought that a well regulated market with price transparency would lead to price competition? /sarcasm GMO is like hammering. It can be used for good or evil. The informed opposition to GMO covers two types of modifications. #1 Making plants more resistant to herbicides, so that more herbicides can be used. #2 Giving plants new abilities to create their own insecticides. Both are terrible ideas. Mostly because they're pumping the biological arms race as well as the side effects. GMO for increased yield, durability, flavor, whatever are totally okay (depending on ones esthetics). We've been doing that for millennia thru breeding, artificial selection, and hybridization. Please provide an example of a free market. Why do the existing single payer systems outperform the USA's private health plan system, measured in both cost per capita and life expectancy? So fewer regulations will lower healthcare costs in the USA? When we can longer have this discussion In the USA, it'll be when discussion becomes moot. The ruling elite need not prohibit free speech when no one is listening. MSFT position in enterprise space is in much weaker position comparing... Is that true? Microsoft's ActiveDirectory, Exchange, and SharePoint are every where. Perhaps they have different parts of "enterprise" pie. I'm remodeling my house. I bought most of the tools I use, eg framing nail gun and compressor. I have bought some tools used, like the PEX (plumbing) expanders. For me, buying is cheaper than renting. I don't know how long I'll need the tools. And I've been very careful to buy models and brands with high resale value. The contractors I hire often rent tools. Because they're pros. They know the task, correctly estimate the duration, get the job done, and return the tool. When the tool breaks, it's not their problem. And they can pass the rental costs thru to me. ...then I find that it will be unethical for every participant. Well said. I like the cliche: If any of us are oppressed, then none of us are free. Neonicotinoids make bees "drunk" for lack of a better term... Thank you. I had not read this explanation before. Understanding the actual mechanisms can help elevate the discussion, move us past the emotional "Monsanto and pesticides bad!" rants to something more constructive. Great posts, please keep them coming. Short and sweet and actionable, love it. Compliments the notions of Self Selecting Teams [1] and Roman Evaluation Interview Method [2]. [1] http://orgpatterns.wikispaces.com/SelfSelectingTeam [2] Anything less than unanimous Yes is a No. h/t Luke Hohmann http://innovationgames.com/about/team/luke-hohmann/ For evals and reviews, I agree. I was just trying to be clever by giving other examples of light weight organizational decision making strategies. The claims of effectiveness are also dubious, at best. Likely unsafe, more than likely useless, proven abuses (stores images), etc. But they're really really expensive. So it's all good. And if you complain about the profiteering, you're a terrorist, conspiracy nut, hate the children / troops / puppies. Airport scanners played out pretty much exactly like the electronic voting machines, with online voting cued up for the next round of cronyism. Ditto corporate K-12 education, aka charter schools. Prisons. Drug war. Etc. What level of proof do you require to believe that fracking very often contaminates ground water? ... because other people will bear the costs of those effects. Yup. Environmental protection is an accounting problem. Convert those externalities into line items on a company's profit & loss statement, voila, no more exploitation. Sorry to pendant... A boss once asked me the difference between a library (API) and a framework. Hmmm, had to ponder that one. Besides the inversion of control -- eg don't call us, we'll call you -- I decided a framework is a prototypical (archetype) app, and you extend it. Whereas a library is standalone that makes few assumptions about your app's "architecture" (eg the visible set of design choices). I've written my own infrastructure (eg database wrapper, HTML generation, DOM & xpath, HTTP routing, logging, etc). I wouldn't call my loose collection tools a framework. I'm trying to update an Eclipse RCP plugin for 4.x. (Hot damn what a struggle.) The RCP is a framework. It makes a huge number of assumptions (for better or worse) and there's the Eclipse Way of doing things. I spend between 10 - 20%... Kudos. I'm working my way up to 10% of my money. Mostly food banks and shelters. (I do this, because apparently my taxes have already been fully committed to unnecessary wars and enriching cronies.) ... not shown any initiative or drive to seize opportunities. Having had plenty of self-destructive behaviors, I only ask that you go easy on people who are on this path. Abuse (e.g., sexual, domestic, drugs, PTSD) very much warps people's brains. As in changes people brain chemistry and wiring. Very much an altered state of awareness. It takes a huge amount of effort for an individual to back away from the abyss. my wife asked me to cut back for the sake of our family" Agree with your wife here. We must cover our own needs before we have the excess strength, resources to help others. I was simply unable to get most people to accept the help they needed. I believe we're on this rock to help each other. More specifically, help people help themselves and help those who can't help themselves. A truism from the addiction world is that you can't help people who don't want to be helped. So that means you're opening the door for others to walk thru. And some people will walk thru. Please pull your punches. TallGuyShort clearly has good intentions (deeds speak louder than words) and is simply expressing his frustrations. No longer poor, but I still price compare, because I'm tired of being screwed, not because cash is tight. Enjoy that grass fed medium rare top sirloin. Life is good. Just don't pay top dollar for imported beef pumped full of steroids and antibiotics. I merely want what I pay for. Top dollar for indestructible hipster glasses? No problem. Tack sneaky $2.00 fees on to my phone bill? Hulk Smash! claimed to be non-idiomatic I write specialist-o-matic code. Lotsa DRY, composition, iterators, "fluent" APIs. Makes me an unapologetically poor general purpose pair programming partner. terse and clear at the same time Concision is a virtue. style that increases average error rate Errors per LOC is allegedly constant, across all languages. I also consider the cost of change when designing things. I once created an HL7 wrapper that was a marvelous thing of beauty. Fluent API, clever use of the type system. But no one could maintain it, including me. It had too much magic. So I scrapped it, went with a dumber implementation. time spent in school and money spent per child are not solving the problem. Agreed. Finland v USA and comparative achievement. Etc. The only thing that'll help improve education in the USA is addressing poverty and inequity. Here's a recent first hand account: "I taught at the worst school in Texas" http://www.salon.com/2013/08/25/i_taught_at_the_worst_school... You can guess the story, but TL;DR: Teachers and schools cannot mitigate all the bad stuff happening to their students. Back to the money. While more likely won't help, I would note the giant sucking sound of our tax dollars being diverted to cronies, via standardized tests, text books, charter schools, whatever. First mover advantage. Germany's early embrace is going to look pretty smart, in retrospect. Ditto Google's early drive for lowering watts per flop in their data centers and seeking lower costs of energy. GDP (economic growth, however it's measured) has tracked fossil fuel consumption. Some smart people are working to decouple the two. Do you know if renters / home owners insurance covers confiscation and destruction of computer equipment? From your perspective, your computers have been stolen. If I am unconscious when I am brought to the hospital... The "break the glass" scenario / use case. It's basically a user facing backdoor. (Normal access goes thru the consent tree.) It's 1 of 2 reasons why patient medical records cannot be encrypted, obfuscated, whatever. At this time. EDIT: The HowAreYou patient/user centric credentials does not permit the sharing (interchange) of medical records. For that, every patient must be uniquely identified and matched across heterogenous systems. This is feasible in a single payer model, where there's a central naming authority issuing unique identifiers. An analogy: A large organization with multiple systems, each with their own credential management. They install a master LDAP or ActiveDirectory, so that identifiers can matched across the organization. In healthcare, that master unique identifier is sometimes called a master record number (MRN), patient identifier (PID), and some other jargon abusing acronyms. EDIT 2: Cambridge. UK NHS. Not the USA. They do have unique identifiers. My bad. My only excuse is I shouldn't comment pre-caffinated. Exactly. About 5 years ago, I was looking to add tamper evident logging to our systems. At the time, the state of the art was a rolling hashcode chain. Add a SHA field to each log event, which includes the delta, so that you can tell if someone altered any of the log entries. There's now algorithms which factor for untrusted / insecure loggers. I haven't digested those papers yet. But it's just a bandaid. Because I can still root to the OS, database. Tamper evident logging must be done at the lowest levels. (If anyone knows of such a project, please share a link.) Having served the roles of patient and healthcare IT geek, I believe (but cannot prove): Biggest threat (to patients) is mistakes. Chop off the wrong arm. Misdiagnosis. Adverse effects from drug interaction, allergy, whatever. Second biggest threat is poor policy, procedure compliance. Awul Gawande's book Better is a good primer. http://gawande.com/better I'm guessing that you're updating records. So you're resolving what's "truth" during the inbound operation. (For readers: data may be received out of order, so implementers must resolve the single source of truth in near real-time.) Our systems used to do that. My redesign eliminated updates, did only inserts, and resolved the "truth" during the query. Greatly simplified everything. No more "historical" table, where deltas are logged. Determining what was known when (determining liability) queries were simply date bounded. No need to "rerun the data" when a mapping or business rule changed. Etc. Concision is a virtue. Further, not a big fan of annotations. Which is declarative programming for Java. In which case, just use a dynamic programming language. I am a big fan of stepping thru code with a debugger. Which rules out programming via XML (eg Spring) and annotations. My taxes also make an enormous difference to my welfare. There are things that are best done collectively. I enjoyed (at the time) technical writing using WordPerfect, FrameMaker, and InDesign. Getting the typography, page breaks, word wrap just so is very satisfying. Driving FrameMaker was a lot like programming, in the level of control and precision. Still miss it. I was ambivalent towards PageMaker. Never used Quark for work, though I've met many fans. I reserve special loathing for Word. Word 6 was pretty good, and I used it enthusiastically. But everything since has been user hostile. Getting the document you want is like fighting a surly baboon with Tourette's syndrome. You just have no idea what's going to be printed. There's no way to predict cause and effect (so you end up using a very limited set of features). And god help you if you change anything about your install (eg open the same doc on another computer, upgrade a driver). I have been there. I get the that the safety net helps. My point is that civil society helps every one. My one criticism of my fellow liberals is their messaging doesn't appeal to their audience's self interest AND their sense of fairness. Small pendant: automation != computerization (digitization) Automatization is reworking processes to remove judgement. Simplification. The systems I work on are all computerized. They are definitely not automated. Huge amount of human intervention, decisions, and judgement every day. The result of growing inequity is that too much work remains undone, too few opportunities exploited. Big money requires big investments for the big returns. Big funds cannot consider many worthwhile investments, due to transaction costs, the (relatively) lower expected ROI. If the money keeps moving (the velocity of money) through progressive taxation (decreasing inequity), then more people will have access to more capital. One reason I keep reading pg and HN (and watching crowd sourced funding) is because I'm fascinated by the effort to reduce transaction costs. I'd prefer progressive taxation. But this seems to be working too. I believe, but hope I'm proven wrong, that climate change has passed the tipping point. The earth's massive carbon sinks are now sources. Melting tundra, burning forests, boiling oceans (acidification). If we stopped all human CH4 and CO2 production (stop the economy), the atmospheric levels will still increase. I also hope that we humans are clever enough to figure out how to sequester CO2 on a massive, industrial scale. Many humans will certainly survive. But it'll be a bumpy ride. step through all of Spring in your debugger with no problems You misunderstand. Java breakpoints, yes. Spring breakpoints, no. To troubleshoot Spring, the best you can do is trace (log) and inspect untyped nested hashmaps. No thank you. The IDE can sometimes pre-detect trivial errors. Whoopie. Python has decorators and Python 3 will soon have function annotations. My condolences. Additional, perhaps complimentary, analysis: The Real Story Behind the Decline of Detroit … And Yes, Great Things Are Happening There Too http://www.alternet.org/economy/real-story-detroits-economy-... TL;DR: Detroit was set up to fail. An example: "One dramatic example of the cost of racism born by Detroit is this: Detroit has an income tax on those who work within the city limits. The two-tier tax is lower for those who work in the city but live in the suburbs. In enacting the tax, the state legislature required employers based in the city to collect the tax via payroll deduction as they do with federal and other taxes. Suburban based employers are not required by the law to collect the tax. Most of them don’t. The revenue lost to Detroit per year is estimated to be as much as $142 million." You mean in addition to the numerous, specific items listed in these two articles? What measure of proof do you require? (You didn't read them, did you? Be honest.) Illuminati? No conspiracy needed. Taxation without representation is sufficiently (self) explanatory. I agree "set up to fail" has a rather conspiratorial tone to it. Sure. By default or by design, intent is unknowable and unactionable. I only judge outcomes. Disempowering people is pretty sure fire way to fail. From parenting, to leading teams, to organizational change, to governance. Wow, geeks objecting to belief in cause and effect. My apologies. I was laboring under the impression that it doesn't take great insight to see how defunding and defrauding and disempowering Detroit created the circumstances which led to them declaring bankruptcy. Forgive me for not singling out individuals to blame, though there is plenty to share. Nor playing along when trolls use imagined conspiracy theories to dismiss objective reality. Thanks for your reply. Had to chew on it. You're right about "set up to fail" being a loaded phrase. I didn't anticipate how it'd be interpreted. I have a Jared Diamond view of this. In Guns, Germs, and Steel he talks about the deforestation of Easter Island. What was the person thinking as they cut down the last tree? How could all these smart people do such stupid things? Over decades. Was it structures? The processes? Larger societal forces (white flight, depopulation, drugs, jobs disappearing)? Is there a fundamental flaw in the human psyche? All the above? I just don't know. Radioactive RAM chips, costing Sun billions, played a part. "When Sun folks get together and bullshit about their theories of why Sun died, the one that comes up most often is another one of these supplier disasters. Towards the end of the DotCom bubble, we introduced the UltraSPARC-II. Total killer product for large datacenters. We sold lots. But then reports started coming in of odd failures." http://nighthacks.com/roller/jag/entry/at_the_mercy_of_suppl... --- I hated Novell with the passion of a billion burning novas. As only a NetWare admin could. So I was happy to see them tank. I vaguely recall that Ray Noorda wanted to take on Microsoft, so went on a spending spree to acquire an Office competitor, completely ignoring their NetWare and GroupWise (?) offerings, allowing Microsoft to get traction in both applications servers and directory services. It's about distractions. People you like are less distracting, because you're more comfortable in their presence. Does everyone get along fabulously? Then sure, do open / shared space. One of my teams started with five of us stuffed into a closet. We rocked. That bon homme didn't survive growing to 25 people and transplanting to an open office. Two bad apples ruined the vibe for everyone. I currently work in the middle of a cube farm. My office nemesis is several cubes over. Dozens of voices, and that's the one that sticks out. Like a barbed ice pick in the ear. Because I despise 'em. Very, very disruptive. 600 people in an open office? They're kidding themselves. Just build a cafeteria and make the bench seating a free for all. I worked for a startup in the electronic medical records space. Data interchange. We had various interactions with both the Google Health and Microsoft HealthVault teams. They were both making patient facing apps, ours was physician (and staff) facing. We had a patient facing app, because all the hospitals thought it'd drive admissions. But at the time no doctor would trust patient's data. To the best of my knowledge, that hasn't changed (five years on). The "quantified self" movement may change the perception of patient gathered data. When data collection is automatic, standardized. More importantly, when doctors are doing it for themselves, so are familiar with the tools and culture. So, in short, Google Health and MS HealthVault were just wishful thinking. There was no "there" there. Perishables should list when they were packaged, created, whatever. Then I can decide how to use the eggs (for example). Less than a week? Fried eggs with breakfast. 2-3 weeks? Hard boiled eggs. Longer? Cookies and cakes. Agreed. Plus: * Lack of access to capital. I look around my neighborhood, city, state, country. There is no shortage of useful work to be done. And how well did that work out for the Wright brothers? While they were busy trying to enforce their patent, they stopped innovating, and their competitors kept moving forward, exploiting the market the Wright brothers created. Why aren't SQL/ODBC/JDBC APIs exposed as-is? What does fronting a database with a web service buy you? Rate throttling? Load balancing? Metering? Why isn't there a JBDC proxy server thingie that does those things for straight JDBC?