The article is looking at it all wrong. To solve a problem, start by looking at those that already solved it. Then, see if you can apply that. Mainframes have long had ridiculously high utilization and throughput. Secret is their I/O architecture: computing happens on compute nodes and I/O is managed by I/O processors, both of which are well-integrated. If Intel etc copy this, they'll get much higher utilization and throughput. Smart embedded engineers do the same thing albeit with microcontrollers. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/I/O_channel A hardware engineer told me in discussions on chip subversion that BS like this is common in SOC's, too. He said they're so expensive to develop that vendors often include the functionality of all their chips in one design. Then, they flip a switch on the chip to enable or disable specific functionality. This means they all cost the same to make but they can give you specific features at specific prices. Hard disk makers do it too where you bought a "120GB" drive that uses same eg 1TB platter as the rest but firmware restricts user to 120GB. You can't be sure whats in it unless a company such as Chipworks tears it down piece by piece and wire by wire. Sneaky is the norm in hardware. The firmware on the device is a black box that controls a more complex black box in an undocumented way and where errors can break it. You don't JUST swap the firmware out. Even so, he may have meant it in the context of the onboard software and modifiable hardware (eg switch they flip at factory to permanently set behavior). Sometimes a hardware engineer will call both firmware speaking shorthand. If it was the latter, you're unlikely to change it because they blow a physical fuse (antifuse?) inside the chip. Some IP vendors are also offering encryption, tamper-sensing circuitry, and obfuscation to help chip-makers protect the systems better. They really want that extra few hundred dollars. ;) Yeah, that's what he said. So, that makes two of you saying this is industry standard for cost-cutting and increasing yield. I'd probably do the same if I made chips. We do it in security engineering for high assurance stuff for similar reasons: the more flexible, certified design can be reused in many applications with minimal extra work & (hopefully) max ROI. One thing that bothers me about the article is that it shows a recurring problem: IT not knowing what it knows. The NoSQL movement didn't notice that NonStop Architecture scaled linearly to thousands of cores with strong-consistency, five 9's, and SQL support. In the mid-80's. Instead of making a low-cost knockoff, like cluster movement did for NUMA's, they ditched consistency altogether and launched NoSQL movement. Now, I see man who invented CAP theorem discuss it while referencing all kinds of NoSQL options to show us the tradeoffs. Yet, there's Google services in production and tech such as FoundationDB doing strong consistency with distributed, high throughput and availability. http://www.theregister.co.uk/2012/11/22/foundationdb_fear_of... So, why aren't such techs mentioned in these discussions? I liked his explanation of the partitioning problem. Yet, he and NoSQL advocates seem unaware that numerous companies surmounted much of the problem with good design. We might turn CAP theorem into barely an issue if we can get the industry to put the amount of innovation into non-traditional, strong-consistency architectures as they did into weak-consistency architectures. There is hope: Google went from a famous, NoSQL player to inventing an amazing, strong-consistency RDBMS (F1). Let's hope more follow. https://static.googleusercontent.com/media/research.google.c... Good thinking, you two! The link shows that the black magic (spindle control, etc) is in a dedicated chip controlled by another chip. The "black box" controlling the "black box." I thought they'd be on the same chip and software package. That would increase risk. I didn't anticipate them putting it on a dedicated chip. It makes sense along some lines. So, that counts out at least one HD vendor from my claim. More could follow if they do something similar. Thanks for the article, too, as I enjoyed reading it. Yeah we do. My only guess is it's two things: (a) our industry is horrendous at communicating previous generation's wisdom in a usable way; (b) a social phenomenon. Quick example of the first are industry pro's locking up their good advice in obscure, expensive books and cutting edge research silo'd into ACM, IEEE, etc. The other is a social thing that leads to the "network" effect. People flock to something for whatever reason. This builds a community (or network) that entices others to join. That also tend to forget about other things and reinvent the wheel. Example: much of current work in Web applications aims to solve problems already solved in client-server apps with better efficiency, security, reliability, and portability. Even Facebook went back to that model for mobile IIRC. Good luck convincing most Web technologists to switch to client-server, though. Whoever solves both these problems will create ripple effects that grow innovation at a heightened, maybe exponentially better, pace. The reason will be a combination of avoiding wasted effort plus visibility into best efforts. I got ideas on Problem 1 but the best minds need to get on Problem 2: it's a gold mine if it's solved. I've edited my comment to give him that credit. I understand the CAP theorem applies to many things. The reason I tied NoSQL in is that it's often cited as the reason people traded away strong consistency. Yet, there were strongly-consistent setups with the desirable properties in production and in academia. He and others rarely mention them in such discussions. It's why I tied them together. True. I always expect this. Yet, Google doesn't fit that profile because they weren't just buying something that works: they were investing countless sums into geniuses and their projects trying to invent new things. It's at that point I expect companies to learn from the past and do better. In startup mode, I expect companies to do whatever works. Google's initial decisions were correct. Later, they dedicated expensive teams to inventing brand new solutions for about every aspect of their operation. That's when my critique apples. For instance, they might have looked at expensive NonStop, identified what they could copy with COTS tech, and made a cheap knockoff. They could've done the same with prior MPP or cluster tech which already scaled to thousands of nodes with open source management tools and microsecond latency. Much more efficient than web stacks, too. The one example I saw of them copying and improving past methods was Google File System. As I predicted, that good choice laid foundation for awesome stuff such as BigTable, Spanner, and F1. NoSQL movement's origins are highly debatable. Here's what I saw in its beginning: an explosion of articles on the subject after a few success stories about big companies doing massive scale on cheap servers. Zealots argued that mature, strong-consistency solutions had problems. So, instead of fixing those, we should just ditch them and strong consistency for The New, Great Thing. The only time I even saw a real analysis of cost-benefits was a few articles which focused on a narrow class of applications where data consistency didn't really matter. So, my conclusion was that the movement was two things: 95% a social phenomenon that happens with each IT fad; 5% a result of weaknesses of relational model and tools. That last part makes sense and is why I've always opposed RDBMS's. On your last point, do you have a citation that shows weak consistency databases offer enough integrity for "majority of use-cases?" I thought the majority of use cases for databases were protecting data that's important to a business: orders, billing, HR, inventory, customer information, and so on. I usually just tell them to use PostgresSQL and that covers it with high reliability. If you really can back your claim, though, I'll be glad to start transitioning my R&D toward designs that trade against integrity of data. Fighting the laws of physics is a great comparison. Every chip designer trying to create the illusion of a sequential (or multicore) machine with a specific memory model fights the laws of physics. So do people building bridges, designing planes, and trying to maintain space stations. The greatest weapon we have after human ingenuity is using good engineering principles built on what we've tried and learned. So, back to this current example. Synchronizing time was a huge problem for consistency. They had expensive, highly-custom datacenters throughout the world. Yet, there wasn't even a solution worth buying that wouldn't cost a fortune or need new infrastructure. An engineer noticed that a time-source existed which all datacenters could sync with using affordable, COTS equipment. One among others. So, they used that to solve the critical problem, solved other problems with other technologies, and integrated the resulting components into a solution to their real problem (F1). What I've just described is not a hack: it's Engineering 101. Identify the problem(s), look for known solutions to it, adapt them to your needs, and deliver the solution. Their use of GPS to solve a problem that otherwise would cost millions of dollars to solve is exemplary engineering. Given datacenter costs, using this at each one would barely be a blip on the budget sheet and will get easier to deploy as adoption increases (network effect). Software is their main skill. Yet, Google and Facebook have both been doing custom hardware for datacenters for years now. They're also funding academic R&D on chip design and such. Such companies needs also created an ecosystem offering things OpenFlow switches that are custom hardware implementations of radically different software. Intel and AMD are also both doing custom work for unnamed, datacenter companies. It's hearsay but I'd expect top players to be involved. So, they're already all well into the hardware business. The simple route, as I indicated, would be to copy, contract, or even buy a MPP vendor. In academia, MIT Alewife showed one custom chip was all that was necessary to build a NUMA-style, 512 node machine with COTS hardware. Existing, shared-nothing clusters already scaled higher than Google using custom chips for interconnect. One can buy cards or license the I.P for FPGAs, Structured-ASIC's, etc. Much software for compute and management was open source thanks to groups such as Sandia. And so on. Plenty to build on that's largely been ignored except in academia. Instead, they've largely invested in developing hardware and software to better support the inherently-inefficient, legacy software. So, they're doing the hardware stuff but just not imitating the best-of-breed solutions of the past or present. The only exception is OpenFlow: a great alternative to standard Internet tech that major players funded in academia and are putting in datacenters. Another success story is Microsoft testing a mid-90's approach of partitioning workloads between CPU's and FPGA's. So, they're... slowly... learning. Thanks for that awesome article! Interestingly, he used the same example I've been using in INFOSEC discussions online: Burroughs B5000. It was simply brilliant and still better at the core than anything I use today. Let me explain. There have been countless reliability and security problems that occur due to buffer, pointer, data becomes code, and interface errors. These are about 99% of worst problems. They happen because underlying Intel/IBM/RISC architecture treats all data the same... mostly. Plus, the systems languages (C/C++) are fundamentally broken far as preventing errors. The Burroughs team saw this [in 1961] and solved the problems at their source: CPU protection of pointers; CPU could tell code & data apart for security purposes; hardware-managed stack; CPU bounds-checked arrays; high-level language (Algol) for system code; interface types checked at compile & function-call time; hardware & software isolation of apps from OS. Good luck crashing or hacking that! So, I've read thousands of hardware, firmware, and software solutions to these problems. Yet, very few will straight up fix the problem at its source. That's despite the existence of a proven solution since 1961 that costs a mere two bits of tagging. I'll give up a single-digit percentage of memory with single-digit performance hit to stop 99% of attacks. I'll do it today. Yet, industry's latest solutions are detecting this little tactic, hardware extensions for that, and no solution to the actual problem. The failure of modern industry to do what Burrough's did, fix the underlying problem, is the source of most of our IT headaches. Aside from social reasons, backward compatibility with legacy is a big contributor. It's why heuristic-driven, software transformation systems such as Semantic Design's toolkit or Racket need a huge boost in R&D. Such tech is seeming like our only hope to getting legacy software onto better underlying platforms as nobody will pay for a human to understand and rewrite each codebase line for line, bug for bug. For (a), it's hard to say where the problem is: is it developers of new solutions who threw the baby out with the bathwater instead of fixing problems of proven methods? Or is it with demand side that's quick to jump on those new thing? Or is it demand side in the sense that they rarely fund solutions to problems with their almost-good-enough software? Hard for me to say. Interesting article. So, more confirmation C++ is inferior for writing predictable or high performance applications. I actually see an opportunity for a C-compatible or C-competitive systems language here to beat C++ at its own game. Zero-cost abstractions plus solving C++'s specific problems, painless C FFI, and compilation to C (or LLVM) to leverage their compilers. Might make a nice combo. I doubt we'll see much takeup, though, as the technical merits rarely dictate that. On a related note, I'd like to see the results of it being coded in a modern Ada or SPARK with one of the best compilers. I'd be interested in seeing it with full runtime checks on and off with conservative optimization. ZeroMQ with strong implementation assurance could lay the foundation for all kinds of secure networking and middleware schemes. Heck, I'd like to see a team formally verify a version of it with an executable for common architectures. I'd have fun with that. :) Consider using something such as SoftBound that transforms your code into one that defends itself against most memory attacks. There's a significant performance hit but immunity by design is better than hunting for every bug. Still try to code well, anyway, as the tools are usually limited to select platforms and you might want more portability. http://www.cis.upenn.edu/acg/softbound/ That last part is enough to ditch them unless you were fighting with them in IRC. Were you? Your claims ring true for vast majority of new, COMSEC schemes. Far as Tox, this is what I found on their GitHub page: "Current build status: build failing." I'll add that NSA and malware authors have 0-days on the platforms the tool will likely run on. It will be bypassed like all others on such platforms. Appreciate the tip. The Snowden leaks appear to support that GPG is so robust that even NSA analysts use it. So, a project using IM over it is playing it extra smart (albeit clunky). Turns out it's still active: http://ayttm.sourceforge.net/features.php That's certainly a selling point. The problem: newer and hand-rolled stuff always has serious problems. Many continue to have serious problems over time. I'd be interested in seeing software that solved those problems while leveraging proven protocols, clients, etc. Might just be a plugin to several popular IM clients. Yeah, that's quite questionable. They need to be able to handle and defend criticism better if they want to make it in INFOSEC. Especially if they ever get press like Cryptocat or Diaspora did. Currently, Go makes some decisions that hurt it for high performance systems, bare metal, and so on. Rust barely survived some beginner OS projects without its bloat and performance problems showing up. Once comparison I read showed Rust's compiler caught many bugs that slipped through Go's due to Rust design choices. I'm pulling for Rust in particular because its team made clever, design choices for their safety-vs-performance&control tradeoffs. Yet, right now, both are inferior to C, C++, Ada, the old Modulas, and even Fortran for bare metal applications. So, it's not a dream so much as me wanting to see an excellent middleware implemented in a language proven for decades to do what the two you referenced hope to do someday. Using proven methods, even if ugly or unpopular, is just what engineers do when solving new problems. I'd happily use the same thing built in Rust (not Go as it's less safe) if they can get it more compact and fast. Meanwhile, I have to use C++ and C implementations because that's what's available. My quick perusal of online links show that Objective-C is slower than C++, maybe due to its dynamic typing. It has the C compatibility and basic OOP. Yet, my idea was a language like this which is faster than C++. Maybe a statically typed version of Objective-C would do? It was an interesting and different kind of article. I particularly loved his attack on companies' claims to democratize some function. I know there's two meanings to the word but we're better off using (verbally and as consumers) the more important one. They're just cheapening the concept for profit. The other thing I liked was how the author took ownership of the situation while expecting less at the same time. I had this experience using little-known and semi-custom OS's for high security setups. The secure system lacked access to so much stuff. Yet, it had enough stuff on it to be useful and content-proxies were easy enough to build. I occasionally wanted a certain program, Youtube video, or whatever. Yet, my system did exactly what I designed it to do, nothing more and nothing less. And, like the author, I was happy with it rather than disappointed. It's a strange, good feeling which I'm not sure most people experience while using their computers. Of course, with KVM switch, I could always go right back to a full Windows/Linux system if I couldn't resist the urge or needed to do something modern. We can have the best of both worlds. Great point. It's also worth remembering that optimizations such as floating point at O3 will trade away accuracy for speed. C compilers are willing to give you... the wrong result... but faster than ever! Undefined behavior is another fun line of inquiry. Best to learn about the dark corners and avoid them where possible. I agree with kazinator: the title doesn't reflect the work. I bet I got something that does: Write Great Code [1]. Hyde helps a programmer understand how the compiler converts most imperative language features to assembler if it's doing it in a direct, lightly optimized way. It often gives C code next to assembler code along with optimizations you can do in assembler but not C. He also wisely created a High Level Assembler that embeds 3GL-style constructs and libraries in assembler code to help beginners learn it piece by piece instead of all at once. Enjoy! [1] http://www.plantation-productions.com/Webster/www.writegreat... If I was going academic and imperative language, I'd suggest this old paper written by The King of Simple Languages and Compilers: http://www.ethoberon.ethz.ch/WirthPubl/CBEAll.pdf I saw it a while back and thought "another toy language that won't deliver." Reading the FAQ, the author quoted as inspiration every alternative language I mentioned in this thread lol. He's done his homework. And the features and compatibility have gotten quite impressive since first release... likely due to him using it to build itself (productivity advantage). And under a MIT license. I appreciate you bringing it back to my attention. It's worth someone evaluating thoroughly against C and C++ for systems programming (incl OS) in terms of performance and maintenance. Not sure if I can squeeze time in but I'll suggest that to others at least. I would reply to that but it's easy to misinterpret a statement like that. What do you mean by that? My original source was wrong. Thanks for the correction you two! Ahh. Yeah that makes plenty of sense lol. I agree for many pop songs. You're right about the equality aspect of things getting cheaper. We discussed this on Schneier's blog. It's compatible with "make accessible to everyone" definition. I think, playing devil's advocate, my counter was that we often don't get the same thing because we lack the quality, support, or privacy of prior, paid solutions. My Gmail, Dropbox, and so on are selling me out. My MyKolab and secure hosting solution cost a bit more with totally different effect. I think the "features" are getting democratized by most of these companies but other critical aspects don't. They don't either because they cost too much to implement or too much profit will be lost by opportunities to sell users out. So, as part of it gets democratized, a serious loss happens as either a tradeoff or straight subversion. The original it isn't democratized: only a watered-down, less trustworthy version which may or may not be a good deal. More good ones all the time, at least. :) Thoughts? Always good to hear both sides. I reserve judgment until I do. In this case, I'm just going to say "Ok" and be neutral. I like the line you added at the end: quite fair. I appreciate the detailed reply. It seems like it's not a fit for my zero-overhead strategy but an interesting alternative to C++ for app development. Going from what people on different projects and forums said when I was Googling it. I could assess its current state better with a few questions. Can it run in kernel mode on bare metal? Can it run without a sizeable runtime? Are its core abstractions for common uses (arrays, strings, etc) at C++ performance at least? Are basic, demo algorithms small enough as object code to fit into a L1 cache? These would be a nice start on assessing it as a true C++ alternative for varieties of systems programming. Come to think of it, I might also look to see if any C++ developers in high-end gaming have tried it. They're so tight on efficiency (and skilled at getting it) that might tell me plenty. There's no shortage of people taking a stab at language design and even resources to pull it off. The post was intended to provide a simple route for making (a) a better C++ or (b) a ZeroMQ variant with improved robustness & maintenance. Just inspiration and stuff to think about. If I had a budget, a few companies that can get the job done would already have the contract. My formal logic was never great. Years since I did one of these. My first try was 8, then 8+green. Probably need to brush up on my formal logic. Especially since I've been trying (painfully) to read formal verification papers. It was. It's since been used by all sorts of groups and open sourced. One of the few, good things that come from NSA's Information Assurance Directorate. Btw, below is a better link that isn't sideways and full of NSA's crap. http://cryptol.net/files/empowering_the_experts.pdf It's another amazing piece of work largely developed by Galois Inc: a company that invents and develops great stuff on a regular basis. One of the few doing high assurance. Their blog [1] is a gold mine of their interesting work and tips. Two other works HN readers might like are Copilot [2] and Ivory [3]. Copilot is a DSL for distributed monitors and real-time systems. The result is QuickCheck'd, model-checked, hard, real-time C. Ivory is a DSL that embeds a subset of C into Haskell to leverage its power and increase safety. It was used in the SMACCMPilot UAV program [4], which is open source. [1] https://galois.com/blog/ [2] http://leepike.github.io/Copilot/ [3] http://ivorylang.org/ivory-introduction.html [4] https://galois.com/blog/2013/10/smaccmpilot-open-source-auto... This article does plenty right but gets a few things wrong. Overlooks a few others. I'm going to hit on a few of these in order I see them. "Avoid cipher cascades." I've pushed and successfully used cascades in highly assured work for years. Cryptographers talk down about it but "meet in the middle" is best attack they can cite. So, they're full of it & anyone who cascaded might have avoided many algorithm/mode breaks. My polymorphic cipher works as follows: three strong algorithms applied out of almost 10 potentials; algorithms are randomly selected with exception that each pass is a new algorithm; separate keys; separate, initial, counter values; process driven by a large, shared secret. Breaking it without the secret requires breaking all three and no cryptographer has proven otherwise despite massive speculation. I'll briefly mention scrypt because it's ironically great advice. I asked cryptographers for over a decade to deliver a slow-by-design hash function that couldn't be sped up. They, for years on end, criticized me (see Schneier's blog comments) saying it was foolish and we just need to iterate a fast one. I expected problems and hackers delivered them. I had to homebrew a cryptosystem that input a regular HMAC scheme into another scheme: (a) generated a large, random array in memory, (b) did impossible to speed up operations on random parts of it, (c) iterated that excessively, and (d) finished with a proper HMAC. Array size always higher than GPU or FPGA onboard memory in case opponents used them. Eventually in a discussion, a Schneier commenter told me about scrypt and I finally got to ditch the inefficient homebrew. A true outlier in the crypto field. Avoid RSA: bad advice for commercial if NSA is opponent. All his risks are true. NaCl is great and my default recommendation. Yet, he doesn't mention that NSA has another reason for pushing ECC: they own 26 patents on it that they license conditionally on the implementation details along with ability to restrict export. We know what NSA's goal for crypto is and therefore I avoid ECC commercially like the plague. I just used RSA implementations and constructions pre-made by experts with review by experts. Esp GPG, as NSA haven't even broken it. They use it internally, actually. For asymmetric signatures, see above. All points apply. I'll just add that, for post-quantum, there's been tremendous process in Merkle signatures with things such as unlimited signatures. Their security just depends on a hash function, there's no known quantum attacks on them, and they're doing pretty good against classical attacks, too. So, I'm following and doing private R&D on standardizing Merkle signatures plus hardware to accelerate it on either end. He says use OpenSSL and avoid MatrixSSL, PolarSSL, etc. He said some vague stuff about their quality. Problem: anyone following the git comments of OpenBSD team that tore through OpenSSL knows that IT WAS S *. It was about the worst quality code they've run into with so much complexity and potential to be exploited that the NSA would be proud of it. I'd be surprised if Matrix, Polar, etc are worse and less structured than that. If OpenSSL is really the best, then we're in a bad situation and need to fund a clean-slate design by experts like Galois and Altran-Praxis. Although I'm focused on problematic points, his last piece of advice deserves special mention: use TLS. These protocols have proven difficult to implement properly. TLS and their ilk have had many problems along with massive effort to smash them. Against that backdrop, it's actually done pretty well and using it like he suggests is best option for COTS security. Medium to high assurance systems can always use variants custom-designed for that level. Most don't need that, though. Remember that BASIC, Pascal, Modula, Oberon, Ada, and LISP were used in the past for OS's and system software on machines with almost no hardware by today's standards. Ada, Java subsets, and Astrobe's Oberon are still used in embedded systems today. What makes today's software bloated is the crud built-up over time, standardization, security, reliability, a trend toward easier maintenance/productivity over raw speed, and so on. Here's [1] a simple program that got trimmed down to mere bytes. You can see how much overhead the aforementioned items add to C code which, by itself, produces very efficient assembler. For people wanting a middle ground, there are High Level Assemblers such as Hyde's HLA [2] and I've speculated we could do something similar with LLVM's bytecode. [1] http://www.muppetlabs.com/~breadbox/software/tiny/teensy.htm... [2] http://www.plantation-productions.com/Webster/HighLevelAsm/H... I had a friend named "tommy" that hated bloated software. He followed guides like this [1] to experimentally delete files off his box. Backup, delete stuff, see if everything works. If works, new incremental backup and repeat. If not, restore and make note to keep that. The result over a few years: a WinXP install with Firefox, AV, Office Suite, etc that backed up fully on a 650MB CD. Mindboggling. Note: It was a blessing and a curse. He was a Windows XP holdover despite security issues and his preference for security. He wouldn't transition. The reason? He invested too much time into his XP box to give it up. Plus, looking at the Win7 default install, he figured it would be less fun next time. QNX is an excellent example of OS design: minimal TCB, efficient, self-healing to a degree, and supports popular runtimes/libraries. You don't need to imagine what a consumer version is like: Google a Blackberry Playbook demo to see its power. To be accurate, that OS is a combo of QNX and Blackberry addon's. Most couldn't run Internet and two games at once without lag. ;) Good point. Most of these projects that are silo'd die or get gobbled up over time. SkyOS comes to mind. Better to invest time or energy into community-driven, alternatives. It appears good on the surface but it's way out of touch with reality. It's actually insulting, too, as it shifts blame from those controlling the situation to those executing their will within their constraints. Reality: There were attempts repeatedly to do what's truly good for customers from business models to language designs to superior hardware to privacy-preserving technologies. Those companies almost all went bankrupt, got acquired as profit declined, or cancelled those product lines with huge loss ($1+ billion for Intel's BiiN and i432 APX). The reason: the market almost always chooses against sacrificing features, time to market, or profit for quality and security. Making it more expensive, slower, less flexible, or less backward compatible for the users own good will get you shunned by consumers or fired by management. Lack of demand is so strong and pervasive, I left the high assurance industry except for private R&D and contracts. I just publish stuff online for free now to help the few that care. On the other end, the users indeed don't understand the tech or trust boundaries. What the author missed is THEY... DO... NOT... TRY. Very important. We as a society treat certain things as responsible behavior, mandatory education, or mandatory evaluation. Understanding the tech's properties and risks? Not so much. Further, users as a whole are in favor of buggy systems/services that are cheap, free, or used by many friends. They're also happy to give away personal information and control for almost nothing in return (eg Farmville). And they outcast, demean, and underpay the people that build all this for them. Software engineer's habits and existing products/services are a result of their environment. So, I've always seen the exact opposite: people as a whole and the marketplace need to act responsibly about technology. That will take a learning experience that combines (a) their efforts to learn along with weighing tradeoffs and (b) our best efforts to convert the technical things into layperson level. Metaphors will help as I illustrated [1] for Facebook's risk. Further, people need to understand that they get what they pay for, that their decisions create long-term effects on them, and that they might need to invest in ethical/private/quality alternatives to existing services. Fortunately, there's always a niche of those customers to serve for developers that care. Hard to get a job, though, since there's so few customers and so little money in it. Doing the right thing professionally and in mainstream IT is an approach for those seeking to draw unemployment. Certainly little things you can do within constraints you are given. It's just that you're effectively working in a straight-jacket trying to help people ordering you to harm them. Most of the time, anyway. [1] https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2014/04/ephemeral_app... I appreciate you clarifying on that. Nice thinking but I'm not sure it's a great idea. The reason, which I warned tommy, was that there's plenty of code in there for significant situations that are uncommon or even rare. You'd have to pick out about every way you'd configure, run, maintain, and so on a binary program to exercise all its relevant functionality. You'd also have to hit it with various errors to be sure they're within the same libraries. Otherwise, you're risking leaving out something critical and it will be hard to figure out by the time trimming is done. For this reason, I thought about using Windows Embedded as it has configuration tools to strip out most unnecessary things while being compatible with whatever you want. That plus stripping guides. Alternatively, stick with tommy's stripping-style method. Either way, you eventually have a set of files you turn into an image with proprietary or open tools along with configuration scripts to make it unique. That has many advantages in addition to size in terms of administration, backup, and even security. It's an overly simple method but a good start. Will work if the dependencies are static and load at runtime. I don't know enough about the tool to say if it works for more dynamic applications. Getting parsing done correctly and efficiently is a requirement that pops up over and over. More work in the field is always good. Interesting paper, although I haven't heard of the parsers. I usually hear about yacc, GOLD parsing system, and so on. Like to see comparisons with most common ones for probable use cases in terms of productivity, safety, and performance. Far as next project, Leroy's people at INRIA did excellent work in verified, LR parsers [1]. I'm not sure that anyone is building on it at the moment. Implementing that in or integrating with Rust might make for one heck of a parsing system. So long as correspondence was proven, it would be the safest one in a systems language. [1] http://gallium.inria.fr/~fpottier/publis/jourdan-leroy-potti... I've enjoyed reading on Adapteva's work not only for their processor specs but the sheer impressiveness of them iterating so many designs with so little money vs most ASIC vendors. This is definitely not a supercomputer (buzzword alert!) but is a good distributed computing idea. I could see their stuff getting crammed into compute nodes in clusters, too. Basically, a narrow set of applications that leverage these sorts of chips best and are easily distributed can benefit from this setup. It will probably have more raw performance per watt than most @home setups. Yet, I'd guess lower potential in number of nodes given fewer Parallella users on the market. I hope they benchmark it with many, realistic software that can be compared to other parallel computing methods. This would give us useful information on whether to use something similar for a local site or another @home, non-profit effort. wvenable's idea is good but a cheat. You referenced Wirth, who simplified assembly (eg P-code). Do something similar: extend BF with a macro language that simplifies it, build macros for BF-like programming constructs, use them to simplify programming the interpreter/compiler, and then host with that. If you want to do real BF, the very act of implementing those macros might help you mentally understand how to... one piece at a time lol... implement the real thing in vanilla BF. Which you can hand-implement in machine code if you want. Choose your level of masochism carefully. :) You two beat me to it haha. It was very exciting for me to see a company such as Amazon using a tool such as TLA+. I liked their careful, evidence-based approach to exploring and using the tool. Hopefully, a mainstream company using such tools will lead to a lot more interesting in using them. That's an exaggeration by far: only the tiniest subset of systems can kill people if they fail. Hacks happen by the millions with headaches being the main result along with lost time and money. Even most security-critical systems are the same with the main targeting being done for espionage (data theft). High assurance security focuses on what can get people killed (esp military use) with an emphasis on tools such as these. I've never seen a mainstream FOSS or proprietary product show evidence of an EAL6+ development process, though. Even security community largely throws stuff together plus some code review. Best to keep it real about risks so your solutions match requirements. Most companies are happy to sell patches to broken software or offer software that passed many checklist items for compliance. They have lawyers for the rest. By all means, please share it like Amazon did. We need to see and assess every use to both understand and argue their usefulness. Way too few anecdotes from industry. Close, but that's an elitist attitude. More like I help things along by sharing lessons learned from thousands of academic papers, industrial case studies, and so on that I've read. Our industry has a problem where it continuously forgets past accomplishments and solutions. An example is the "can an OS be written in a managed language?" question that keeps popping up despite it being done a half-dozen times. Or endless tactics to avoid stack-smashing while MULTICS's reverse stack solved the root problem in early 70's. Can we scale linearly to thousands of nodes with strong consistency? NonStop and some MPP's did that in the 80's while publishing how. So, it's not that people are stupid or inferior to me. They've just put more of their time in other things (eg work, coding) rather than digging out gems stored behind paywalls or published in obscure places. I've been digging for years along with R&D on much of it. I share that stuff where it might help and it's helped many people/companies in the past. So, I keep doing it. People are free to ignore any suggestions. About 99.999% do. That makes sense. The combinator approach might be verified using a form of design by contract or VCG's if it's simple functions. I'll look into them when I take the deep dive into functional programming. That does sound difficult. Maybe do it bare-metal on a simple, non-MMAP architecture* with basic routines coded in assembler. Both main interpreter and JIT'd code might reference those core functions. I know it's not directly solving the problem but I sneak around the impossible parts wherever possible. * Come to think of it, one of those microcontrollers or Java processors might come in handy here as they supply basic libs or RTOS's with primitive I/O functionality. The electrical cost savings is a sound argument. On the side, that might also be a good reason for your marketing team to target customers in areas with high energy prices. Just a thought. I'm still waiting for Adapteva to combine their work with SGI- or NUMAscale-style tech to have a UV-style system full of CPU's, your accelerators for general use, and optionally FPGA's for special purpose stuff. The CC memory + bandwith + ton of Adapteva IC's per node would = incredible performance per dollar and watt. Maybe. ;) Any plans for integrating with ccNUMA architectures? Intel's work is great. The hardware industry in general is light-years ahead of software industry on applied formal methods. The reason is straightforward: bad circuits can't be fixed with an update. That recall made Intel and others look at the balance sheet a second time with nice results. :) And thanks for the links1 I agree that ideally we should set our baseline much higher. It's why I promote low-defect methodologies, code reviews, static analysis, and languages (eg Ada, Haskell) that prevent/catch most problems early. The few empirical studies done on such things show it actually saves money with occasional productivity boost for one reason: huge reduction of debug time. And the satisfied customer effect can't be ignored. ;) Code generation is a separate issue. Things you can look into are Fowler's old Perfect Developer toolkit, SCADE toolkit, model-driven development in Rockwell-Collins SHADE program, iMatix's DSL's for various things, certified compilers/optimizers for functional languages such as FLINT ML, and CompCert C compiler for low-level correspondence. Also, high-level metaprogramming systems such as Racket give you the ability to transform things in many ways. The automated programming field will have things for you. My scheme was to use a knowledge-based programming approach leveraging a combination of the above work to generate certified code from functional specifications. Haven't built it yet but would make a practical Ph.D. Hope you find some of the above enjoyable or helpful on your journey to end-to-end, verified software. About time they see it! I've been pushing native, Internet apps over web since the beginning. The reason: native apps can be faster, leaner, more flexible, more portable, and more secure. Most things I can do to boost one of these metrics in a native app I can't do in a web app. Let's put this in perspective: my 1998, 200Mhz P2, 64MB RAM machine's native apps did more than modern web apps and with fewer problems. And could connect to people and use presentation layers... just like the web! One writer argued the reason the Web took off was a standard, usable presentation format (HTML) combined with easy distribution (hyperlinks) and instant updates (connect for freshest version). This spread across both users and platforms. Its continual improvements gave it new features. To this day, the standardization and easy distribution makes it easier to push content to most users via a web browser. Yet, even big Web companies such as Facebook are switching to Internet-style apps for mobile and Internal use. That's saying something. I guess they don't want around 500 bytes of HTTP overhead to send 1 byte of data. The best solution is a portable platform that solves the presentation, linking, and updating issues that web did. There's a number of older vendors and startups doing this. Hopefully we'll see more take-up and network effects on that side of things. Note: Anyone still thinking the Web was the best route to go, but wanting native advantages, should Google Tannenbaum's Globe distributed toolkit that supplemented Amoeba distributed OS. They even ported the Web to run on top of it and side-by-side with its applications. Compare work like that to the web of the same time period and you'll see why Web is inherently inferior due to bad (or misappropriated) design. It always will be to a comparable, native product. You can still use it: A2 Bluebottle. I proposed it as a solution to the paranoia of "NSA et al subverted everything! What can we use now and to bootstrap better stuff!?" (raises hand) The well-documented, portable, simple OS and toolchain written by people with no interest in subversion available online for free? Not quite an Ubuntu but more usable than most things people were proposing (eg microcontrollers with hand-written Forth lol). I also thought Modula-2 or Oberon might make a good target for high level languages such as ML or Haskell if we're doing end-to-end safety arguments: one's claims can build on the others. Great points, esp on Go vs real competition. It's why I'm against their modernized ALGOL68. Languages such as Haskell, Clojure, Rust, Julia, Scala, Ocaml, and others are at least trying to apply lessons learned in programming research to improve things for programmers. Google would've been better off taking one of the more native ones, identifying its worst issues, using their geniuses to fix those, and then building tools + community on that. Instead, we get an alternative to unsafe, native and safe, scripting languages without most advantages of the best of either. I might still try it out if I do a comparative evaluation of modern work. By that time, it might have gotten better. Good points. People often forget GC languages were often used to write OS's and system software even on constrained devices. A number of languages, such as Modula-2 and Ada, offered the ability to go unsafe in certain modules out of necessity but with safe interfaces. So, where Go or Rust can't cut it, language developers can just use a feature like that (or inline assembler) to solve those problems until the language itself can. Additionally, they can do what PL/S and certain Ada's did where specific modules were transformed by the compiler differently based on their needs. One might have total safety, one no safety, one a GC'd runtime, one a non-GC runtime, and one no runtime at all. Still using the same language and tools for everything, albeit subsets in some modules with extra worries. And some's details were published for other people to learn from. Anyone wanting to see how they implemented it can google LISP and Scheme machines, hardware, processors, and similar search terms. I recall one implemented cons directly while hiding GC behind memory interface. The programs didn't even know there was collection and it happened in parallel with execution without stopping execution. Great stuff. Many of these give software and hardware implementation details where they could be copied in FPGA's. Closest thing I've seen in a modern product is Azul Systems' Java processors with concurrent GC's. So, at least one company is benefiting from the old wisdom. Excellent overview of problems in the bail system. Here's a nice supplement to it from the other side by a judge. The two together show why the situation is extremely one-sided if the accused is poor. http://www.nybooks.com/articles/archives/2014/nov/20/why-inn... Nice article. I hope to see a benchmark of it on a less parallel problem with low-latency network hardware. Maybe a comparison of that against a vanilla MPI or parallel framework. We'll get to see what its real overhead is. Thanks for the link. That might come in handy if I do any more clustering. Nice vid. That woman's outfit was great, too! Fair point. I've been out of cluster computing for years so what do you think would be comparable? I've been in the fight against corrupt government a long time and I totally agree. Winning in court means convincing a judge you were acting consistently with the law. Tipping people off about law enforcement action usually leads them to rule against you. Stopping stuff at the Patriot Act level means you need to be immune to such laws or have strong leverage on them outside the legal system. There's no easy win in a police state where government holds most of the cards and can look at yours most of the time. It's why the public must change the laws first. Not holding my breath. If country X's laws are the problem, then the owners must not be citizens of X, the servers must not be in X, plaintext must not hit X, the jurisdiction of the organization must not be X, and preferably there's no import/export agreement for commercial activity in X. Knowing this, the companies that are merely changing jurisdictions or server locations shouldn't trick you into a false sense of security. The only sure-fire way to do things is to (a) not become popular amongst targets in X or (b) don't do business in X whatsoever. I've met a number of chip designers and security engineers that have been doing (b) for a long time. I did that for foreign threats. Even if you practice these, your OPSEC and INFOSEC still must be good enough to stop the attackers they send. No surprise some governments and companies are just eliminating electronics from security-sensitive areas. I think the Russians even use typewriters now for some things. Not that they don't have their own vulnerabilities. ;) One of the best I've seen that's similar to this model is Publix: http://www.forbes.com/sites/briansolomon/2013/07/24/the-wal-... They're an employee-owned, private company in one of the most low margin and cut-throat industries around. Both their profit and effect on the competition is incredible. Also, their management to worker ratio. ;) It would be interesting to see tech companies adopt a model like this. The results could be exciting to watch and maybe lead to more job security as well given every other kind of company likes to sell out. See my comment and article about Publix. It can happen but requires management to have that vision to begin with. Thing is, most have never heard of this stuff working and wouldn't even consider it. Past that, there's the whole angle of "let's get rich owning our own company and selling out our workers later." But, get word out about the successes, then we might get more of them. And maybe I'll be lucky enough to work for one. :) Depends on the committee. The Ada designers, acting on committee's needs, came up with pretty much what they wanted. Had performance, availability and pricing issues that kept it from taking off as much as it could. Yet, the language's features accomplished their goals very well as proven by a number of empirical studies by military and defense contractors. So, that's one success story. Anyone have any other examples? I'm asking because I really think this recurring theme is a myth about committee-design languages where the problem really is a prevalence of bad committees. The kinds that have management representing the coop work around that problem a bit. They have someone with vision, experience, and the ability to work through disagreements. That person normally does his or her thing with others adding opinions, votes, or whatever. The critical benefit is that such a person can step in to clear out obstacles caused by a lack of consensus. So, even with its issues, representational democracy can be better than pure democracy so long as everyone is doing his or her part. :) Exactly. Likewise, their stores had 400 workers and 2 managers. Most retail workers I know say their company keeps staff too low to get the job done while having way too many managers with micromanagement. One of the top chains local store recently had only 2 stockers per fast moving department with about 40 managers auditing and coaching them on best practices. Walmart and Target employees told me they had similar issues but not as extreme effect. So, as dredmorbius says, they have managers that pick good employees, give them incentives, show them justifiable best practices, listen to feedback, and otherwise stay out of the way. And the management works for the employees, who are the shareholders, not Wall St. Results: highest profit in industry, highest customer satisfaction, one of highest retention, and little risk in operation. IT startups should copy this if they're not just about selling out. That's an excellent essay. I agree with about every point. I worked MPI over ten years ago. It seemed like an assembler language for cluster computing: something for raw efficiency or to hold us over until we get a real language. I was playing with Cilk and other parallel tools then. Much better but little adoption or optimization. The examples given in Spark and Chapel show how much better it can be. Such methods deserve much more investment. The bad thing is that the DOE labs are clinging so hard to their existing tools when they're in the best position to invest in new ones via huge grants they have. They built supercomputing before anyone heard of the cloud. Their wisdom combined with today's datacenter engineers could result in anything from great leaps in efficiency to something revolutionary. Yet, they act elitist and value backward compatibility over everything else. Starting to look like those mainframe programmers squeezing every ounce of productivity they can out of COBOL. I think the change will have to come from outside. A group that works both sides with funding to do new projects. They either (a) improve MPI usage for new workloads or (b) get the alternatives up to MPI performance for HPC workloads. Then, they open the tool up to all kinds of new projects in both HPC and cloud-centered research (esp cloud compute clusters). Maybe the two sides will accidentally start sharing with each other when contributing to the same projects. Not much hope past that. Firewalls are just some stupid crap industry made up and went with. We've known since the Orange Book days that security had to be done holistically involving every endpoint and network. Their standard for security was a strong TCB on endpoint with trusted path (see EROS or Dresden's Nitpicker); a network card with onboard security kernel, firewall, and crypto (see GNTP + GEMSOS); connections between networks through high assurance guards (see Boeing SNS or BAE's SAGE); proxies + guard software for risky protocols such as email (see mail guards like SMG or Nexor). All of this collectively working together was what it took to enforce a fairly-simple, security policy (MLS). More flexible attempts happened in capability model with KeyKOS + KeySAFE, E programming language, CapDesk desktop, and so on. So, the above was the minimum that NSA et al would consider secure against adversaries on their level. Every security-critical component was carefully spec'd, implementation mapped against spec 1-to-1, analyzed for covert channels, pen-tested, and even generated on-site. Commercial industry, aiming at max profit and time to market, just shipped stuff with security features but not assurance. Broke every rule in the field. Came up with firewalls (knockoff of guards), AV, and so on to counter minor tactics. Of course that didn't work as it doesn't solve the central security problem: making sure all states or flows in the system correspond to a security policy. The best route is to put security in the end-point along with E-like tools for distributed applications and hardware acceleration of difficult parts. Within your trust domain, you just check data types and use that for information flow control (aka security). Outside trust domain, you do input validation and checks before assigning types. The hardware will be like crash-safe.org or CHERI processor in that it handles the rest. A security-aware, I/O offload engine will help too. Fixing the root problem along with a unified model (capability-based, distributed) will make most security problems go away. At that point, firewalls will be about keeping out the riff raff and preventing DOS attacks. Interesting article. What I see is another failure of industry to solve the root of the problem: different GC strategies work for different applications and should be selectable. Might even allow pluggable GC's. This is the path taken in JX Operating System and certain academic works on improving Java runtime. JX's first tier of memory management just gives a certain amount of resources a component/process/app can use. The second tier is its GC, which can be different per application. So, you could partition your application into components with associated GC's that focused on throughput, low-latency, or productivity. Then the problem shifts to making an optimal scheduler for the app and GC runtimes. There's already good schedulers, strategies for building them, and even tools for automated planning of scheduling strategies. Any of these might be integrated to optimize that aspect. Overall, using pluggable garbage collectors, feeding a planner some constraints, and compiling the result sounds much easier that this person's day job. Embedded Java already does some of this while some systems did it in hardware to avoid most issues entirely. Enterprise Java should adopt such a method. Meanwhile, reading of these nightmares, I'll continue avoiding such GC-based tools wherever possible in my work. JX Operating System for reference http://www4.cs.fau.de/Projects/JX/publications/jx-usenix.pdf re antivirus. It doesn't work: they dodge it constantly. They can also use it to improve their odds of beating it by tuning the malware against it. Need I say more about why its barely a defense? Back in 1961, Burroughs designed a mainframe [1] that anticipated all these problems. They tagged their memory with bits to protect pointers or differentiate code vs data. That's two bits per word of data with almost no performance overhead if it's all you use. That system was immune to almost every attack modern malware uses for code injection. It was very successful for a while but the market eventually chose against it in favor of IBM et al's systems that did dumb, fast, data crunching with hardly any security. Market as a whole went that way. So, the problem is code can be injected, the isolation mechanisms don't work, and the toolsets are insecure by design. Fix these to make security the easy default with attackers working in a straight-jacket. The CHERI [2] team and others are doing exactly that. Investments in such systems will increase their functionality. I've seen architectures that even do it with 2 bits like Burroughs did albeit with a different model. It's compatible with Windows architecture. What's lacking isn't technology or knowhow: it's willingness of industry and FOSS to adopt methods that work instead of mainstream methods that don't. Always been the problem. Putting backward compatibility and no rewrites ahead of everything else is the other huge contributor to insecurity. [1] http://www.smecc.org/The%20Architecture%20%20of%20the%20Burr... [2] http://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/research/security/ctsrd/cheri/ Google so far hasn't shown much knowledge of endpoint security, uses many stacks with huge attack surface, and plays penetrate/patch. That's from their web services all the way to mobile. Third parties, both companies and FOSS types, are doing better at protecting Android than Google. Although there's exceptions, Google seems mostly unqualified or uncaring in terms of strong INFOSEC. So, I have little trust in the security of ARTOS or Vault for now. I tried to review the ARTOS kernel's design but they pulled it off their site. So, we have nothing to go on but their word. I can't wait to get some more objective information about its design and implementation for a real review. Will be interesting but a distraction from real INFOSEC work. DARPA and NSF have been leading the way with programs investing in real security. All kinds of results from SAFE processor to CHERI capability architecture to self-diversifying systems to inherently secure programming have come from this. Their HACMS work, for example, was even integrated into a UAV software. It's that sort of work that's really delivering and needs more support. Smart people at institutions with good grant writers should stay watching all the DARPA and NSF security funding announcements. Plenty of money going around to solve fundamental problems. Great results so far that just need more development and adoption. And more bright men and women in the trenches fighting the rest of the hard problems. I had never heard of that minus the self-organizing teams concept. I'll have to read more on the subject, esp empirical data, before I can answer such a question. Thanks for the link and bringing it to my attention! I agree. The Snowden leaks showing they're tight with NSA can't help that, either. I'll go further, though, with my main privacy argument against companies such as Google: the incentives of an ad-driven company are 100% opposite of privacy-seeking users. Expecting Facebook, Google, Yahoo, etc to protect one's privacy is ludicrous as they get more money for each privacy violation if not convicted in court. The only kind of company that can be even semi-trusted is one that where you are the paying customer and their contract + host country's laws protect your privacy/security. Even more so if they have to contractually or legally pay huge fines for negligence. Align the incentives, then there's potential. If opposite incentives, turn 180 degrees and start running. I would argue that almost all FOSS is insecure and many (OpenSSL) have had easy to spot vulnerabilities for years. The important part of closed or open software assurance is review . People also often focus on the open or closed part as if it's a dichotomy rather than a spectrum. To help, I wrote an essay illustrating the security levels offered at various points in spectrum of open vs closed source here: https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2014/05/friday_squid_... Here's what it takes to assure systems at every layer (skip to "the essence of security" para): https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2013/01/essay_on_fbi-... That's what secure takes against even black hats these days. It can be simplified with a strong TCB, better hardware, and better languages + toolchains. The problem is that only a tiny few projects in FOSS are doing that and not many more in commercial. Whitelisting, stack canaries, AV, firewalls... this is all just added complexity around the root problem that hackers bypass regularly. It isn't security except against the incompetent. Getting the real thing might require throwing away a lot of code or apps. Or virtualizing it on secure architectures with crazy good interface protections. That's why market as a whole won't do it. Good news is there's small players making such things: eg Turaya Desktop, GenodeOS, CheriBSD, Secure64 SourceT. We'll get more over time but it would help if waves of FOSS coders invested in stuff that provably works instead of what holds them back. GenodeOS, L4, and MirageOS communities are only ones I know doing it at endpoint these days. Re-read the comment and you'll see your answer. The choice of insecure endpoints, insecure protocols, insecure networking standards, and connections to an insecure internetwork of malice means that trusting security to a low assurance filter of internetworking part is... a joke. Might be why having a firewall didn't reduce odds of any major I.P. and data breaches I've read about. You want network security? Use a guard [1] with additional security checks at the endpoints and working with software on the guard for protocols such as email or HTTP. Want to stop script kiddies all day long and get silently breached by the exact people that really worry you? Get a firewall: the cheap, knockoff of guards specifically designed to save money they would've spent on real security. I hear they even come with OS's that brag on hundreds of CVE's under their belts. ;) Oh, and you need to do the endpoint security, too. My posts on HN regularly mention prior work immune to many forms of malware by design. The DARPA, NSF, and Euro funded teams are cranking out one good hardware and software TCB after another with strong arguments against leaks, injection, and so on. At this point, unless I.P. is withheld, there's no excuse for industry or FOSS not building clean-slate efforts on something like that. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guard_%28information_security%... Note: To be clear, I'm not counting guards built on crap such as Linux. Many in medium to high assurance industry are doing the same cost-cutting crap as COTS. Sadly, they tell me the reason is "no demand for high security systems." I've heard that in U.S. and U.K. Pre-Snowden, though. Maybe there's hope. I saw that! I think they were also calling their cores minions. That's great lol. I forgot to send them a list of all the tagging schemes I know, esp patent immune. Might help them out. The best way to use analysis tools is to code in a way that makes it easier for them. Old Orange Book B3/A1 systems had to be coded in a very layered, modular, and internally simple way to facilitate security analysis. Likewise, many of the analysis tools will get lost once you start coding a certain way. Each one also has its strengths and weaknesses. So, my normal recommendation for people that can't waste time is to use those with few to no false positives combined with a coding style making it easy. For instance, I coded in a structured programming style with relatively simple control flow, quite functional in each unit's structure (see Cleanroom methodology), and avoided hard to analyze things. That made it easy for the tools. The cool thing is that tools such as Astree and SPARK can prove portions of your code immune to certain defects. Others can do this for concurrency problems. And plain old reviews of design, code, and configuration with a list of common issues can help a lot by itself. That each of these methods has positive results for teams that use them speaks for itself. Them together can be quite powerful. I covered a lot of ground in this counterpoint to Dan Geer on why our security sucks: https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2014/04/dan_geer_on_h... Read it, its two links, and whatever they link to for plenty of inspiration. If you want, I'll email you a list of my designs and essays on there. I use his blog to reach as many people as possible. I can't make money on high assurance without selling out to the enemy so I just posted my stuff online for free anyway. The discussions and peer review over there were grade A with a few high assurance guys as regulars. This site is good, too. I'll get you those links if you want. I should've added that I'm not saying they're useless: just not a solution to the root problems or even the best solution to their problem. I use them if I have nothing else or just want to reduce traffic (DDOS) on a guard. Hell, using an obscure processor architecture while removing anything in traffic IDing it got me more security than any AV or firewall. I retired that strategy after 5+ years of it working with eBay hardware lol... See my post here to Geer: https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2014/04/dan_geer_on_h... We just need to do what was done in the past, present, and ongoing in various circles: architect the hardware and tools in a way that makes security (esp integrity) an easy default rather than a nightmare. Then we work from there esp making that faster. I've seen Linux and FreeBSD run on such systems with little modification so I know it can be done. It's why I spread the word. I'll add that passwords are used because they're the best default given all the constraints and risks: https://www.lightbluetouchpaper.org/2012/05/22/the-quest-to-... They fail when their correct use depends on human beings. Just like you said. It means he doesn't know about those PCI card firewalls specifically designed to enforce security policies on traffic flows within the network (or enclave). They're an uncommon thing in industry because most industry thinks outward-facing firewall = secure. Others that know better didn't want to spend money on a security device attached to every server they own. So, the companies in the 90's offering highly secure versions got acquired after little sales, the current ones are obscure, and all he got to see were the more limited crap the industry adopted en mass. A sad, recurring theme in INFOSEC industry. They're figuring out a lot of the old stuff, though, slowly but surely. Especially in cutting edge datacenters doing things like OpenFlow. First part: name one high assurance system Google has ever produced or a low assurance system that top tier hackers gave up on? Did their mobile OS have a strong TCB with POLA on the apps and trusted path? Did their web services use native code (minimal attack surface) with checks manually or automatically built in to stop most attacks? Did they perform a covert channel analysis on their cryptographic stuff? Do they know what those are unlike many INFOSEC types I meet? Has anything they designed used an architecture that made leaks or code injection nearly impossible? If not, then my statement stands until Google demonstrates the ability to make a secure product or one that approximates that. They haven't caught up to Daniel Bernsteins' Qmail claims much less top-tier work like KeyKOS [1] or Burroughs [2]. Ancient, top tier work... Re third parties. There are numerous academic teams doing hardware or compiler work on making Linux-based systems immune to code injection or at least isolated. OK Labs did OKL4 with user-mode Android for isolation. Samsung leveraged INTERGITY microvisor in Knox. Perseus Security Framework did something similar with a Linux personality, modified by Sirrix or SYSGO I believe for mobile. Control-pointer integrity does this on hardware supporting segments (x86). DIFT catches when incoming data screws with pointers and such, also ported to Linux. Automated diversification and keyed hardware SOC's to make Linux probabilistically secure. Several methods ported to Linux to stops leaks or injection with crypto tricks. Many things Google could've used for mobile and non-mobile. NSA did SEAndroid. Then there's Tor, modders, and Android developers tools/tips to lock down Android and turn off Google's leaks. About everyone but Google did great work in securing Android. To test you on your own claims, would you trust a vanilla Android installation's security out of the box or make some modifications first? I'd mod it or assume I'm game for whoever. re unqualified in strong INFOSEC Everything you mention they, like IT in general, built on foundations of quicksand: low assurance hardware, firmware, and software that has regularly been defeated by skilled hackers. So, sure they pushed some good security technologies that stop low to mid-grade hackers or solve pieces of the puzzle (see my use of "exceptions"). Yet, Google themselves and their Android users were hacked with quite vanilla techniques due to their system and software architecture. There are systems in EAL6/7 and under SPOCK program that NSA pentesters couldn't breach despite having 2+ years to try. Matasano said something similar about Secure64's SourceT OS, too. The things they have in common is bottom-up, end-to-end, medium-to-highly assured (EAL6+) lifecycle. That's strong requirements, design, implementation, analysis, testing, build, configuration, and independent verification of that. Google hasn't done (censored) in this area despite having the brains to do so. Matter of fact, their smartest work IIRC was Native Client and it was smashed because they intentionally weakened the security model for performance reasons. Almost all their stuff has been knocked down by serious hackers or subversions. It's why they needed the bug bounty. Smart idea if you're pushing low to mid grade throughout your whole stack. Didn't stop the Chinese and NSA from smashing them. They didn't even need esoteric techniques. The definition of high assurance security is the level of rigorous security engineering needed to resist well-funded, sophisticated threats with time on their hands. They never came close, so why do you trust them to do it now without proof? Trust, but verify. [1] http://www.cis.upenn.edu/~KeyKOS/ [2] http://www.smecc.org/The%20Architecture%20%20of%20the%20Burr... Good for you. We Android users appreciate people picking up Google's slack. :) It looks like your people are mixing the regular hardening advice with some ported stuff from BSD/Linux security work. This is low-medium in that it won't stop serious attackers if you get popular. Yet, even baking in the basic hardening by default should reduce risk of many real-world attacks. The other stuff might do more in final form. Keep at it. I'd have to have its full details in front of me. Given how netbooks usually work, I'll hit you with a few questions and review it further if you have secure answers. Does it use regular firmware for its hardware or firmware hardened against attack? Are the drivers isolated in user-mode? Is the trusted software verified by eye, tool, or both to avoid all known code injections? Was that verified by third parties? Does it avoid software with huge TCB and many vulnerabilities such as Linux? Does it avoid Web apps and tech such as Flash? If yes to all of these, then it's a start on strong security and definitely worth reviewing if only to help close remaining holes. Otherwise, it's probably already received a number of patches and not worth a review. Which is it? That's very possible. It could be any RTOS with a good security track-record in industry, from OKL4 to INTEGRITY-178B. There's also a number of groups doing R&D on Assured Real-Time OS's so it could be that. That we still don't know and RTOS security is so hard bothers me about this. Exciting to see someone that remembers all those good, old systems! I've been studying them in recent years to solve modern problems that... they already solved. Yeah, some of the techniques go way back. To be honest, I've been thinking of re-implementing a version of Globe toolkit with modern security engineering techniques to deal with our Internet apps issues. What do you think of that? Worthwhile to leverage such an architecture? Fair enough as that's a huge part of the problem. Yet, if firewalls should be trusted, they need to meet these basic critera: 1. Attention paid to firmware security and its ability to load kernel. 2. Firewall TCB is strong in that it can prevent or contain compromises. 3. Each component is isolated with restricted interactions subject to believable security arguments, static analysis, or formal verification. 4. Every piece of every packet is inspected for foul play. 5. Covert storage and timing channel mitigation is in place. 6. Supports application-layer security for whatever it's being used for. Can you name a single firewall that meets all these criteria? That's how guard's were designed in the past before firewalls got invented to ignore most of that. So, firewalls (in theory and practice) are technically incapable of doing their job unless the coders were nearly perfect. Then, they're marketed as doing much more than they can. So, why people demand firewalls instead of companies getting the cost of guards down is beyond me. Here's an example of a real firewall that is more like a guard in practice: http://www.sentinelsecurity.us/HYDRA/hydra.html A nice architecture combining highly assured firewalls and SNS Server guard (15-20 years without compromise) with COTS enhancements for quite a security argument: http://www.dtic.mil/dtic/tr/fulltext/u2/a425566.pdf Once I see the real thing, esp seeing NSA pentesters achieve nothing, it's hard for me to make excuses for security engineers making the same mistakes for years despite being shown what works. I've sent about every firewall vendor validation reports of what made it and why. They don't care and that's why firewalls are some stupid crap industry trusts but shouldn't. Appreciate the corroboration from the inside. I've suspected as much given that even the "controlled interfaces" are usually EAL4 at best. Did you know Navy people built an EAL7 IPsec VPN? I'm sure you can immediate realize (a) how awesome that is and (b) what value it has for our infrastructure/military. Yet, it got canceled before evaluation because brass said "no market for it." Virtually nobody in military or defense were interested in setting up highly secure VPN's. Not a great state of affairs. Be blunt: I am and it's true that there's huge chunks of the industry I rarely interact with. Might have missed plenty. I particularly appreciate you bringing the NSX security framework to my attention. However, most of what you're mentioning are features that firewalls support where my post said they needed features + assurance (aka "guards," or firewalls with security inside). Most of the firewalls, if evaluated at all, stay at EAL4 or lower: certified to stop "casual or inadvertant attempts to breach security." They don't even get pen-tested by pro's or a source review. Any pro taking time examining a unit will probably find a 0-day or bypass. Grime's reviews showed many even had unknown services running, like FTP, without telling users. They're also prone to subversion as only EAL6/7 reduces that and Snowden leaks confirmed that for many companies. So, my comment and yours actually agree that network defense is necessary. I just added this in my original comment: (a) real endpoint security, (b) app/protocol-layer security, (c) the right features in firewall, and (d) rigorous assurance and evaluation for each. The result of these combine did resist strong attackers in the past and present. The Boeing SNS Server, for example, hasn't been compromised in 15 years despite multiple pen-tests by NSA and private labs. That's high assurance and minimum of rigor that stops nation states. Commercial firewalls are largely not designed like that. So, they have the features but not assurance of implementation or self-protection. And not integrated enough with endpoints for enforcement to be split properly between the two. See below for an example of a stronger configuration: http://www.dtic.mil/dtic/tr/fulltext/u2/a425566.pdf Back to your peer review of his list, which I appreciate given your an insider. No 1 I've seen myself and agree. No 2 yes lol. No 3 I learned from you and will repeat to anyone else not aware of these things. No 4 is THE DUMBEST THING HE SAID, has never happened, and won't happen without fundamental changes I preach about here. Enough said. No 5. If my perimiter collapses, they're seeing (a) encrypted traffic that tells them nothing or (b) plain traffic whose nodes resist their attacks. Perimeter to me is minor DLP, DOS prevention, and IDS mainly. No 6, 7, and 8. Alright, that's 3 in his favor. Your last point is the weakest one: companies regularly spend millions on inferior or non-solutions to problems because they don't know better. How much IT industry spends on something tells us nothing about its security or quality. If you're right, then Windows, Oracle, SAP, and Cisco switches are the highest quality and most secure things out there. (Checks the CVE's and news reports.) Nevermind... Great stuff through and through. It's why I use end-to-end security that doesn't trust the network wherever possible. Let them screw with my Ethernet ports: the NIDS just tells me there's a problem and where to find it. Or they walk away with a lot of data that might be useful for... Monte Carlo simulations or studies in random numbers? Haha. I think you and snuxoll are right that whats throwing our discussion is that firewalls are such an overloaded term with diverse functionality that we're all talking about different things. A taxonomy of them that industry agrees on might be helpful. I believe it. One grunt I know always says "too many chiefs and not enough Indians" in all these companies. Yes, actually. Heck, the very limited PDP-1 was a capability machine of sorts. Most microcontrollers run circles around it. The simplest of the new schemes check small tags with hardware that runs in parallel to the processor. Essentially, the processor executes the instruction and the result is not written unless parallel unit says "All good." This should have little performance, latency, and chip area overhead. I'm not saying every microcontroller of every cost and such can be done this way: probably just mid- to high-end microcontrollers will be secure by design. Also, there's long been chips design to run languages that are type- or memory-safe by design. Sandia Labs recently made a high assurance processor for a Java subset: the Sandia Secure Processor (SSP) or "Score" processor. It doesn't allow new code in production mode, resists all kinds of errors, has assured tool sets, has a converter from legacy Java to its, speaks JVM natively with associated benefits, uses asynchronous interrupts for determinism, and is fabbed in a rad-hard process. They aimed at safety & assurance over throughput so the specs are 25Mhz from 35,000 logic gates (110K with memory). Their ASSET framework and its high assurance design also led to amazing feet of 3 weeks from synthesis to working ASIC with no timing errors. They said similar projects normally take 6 to 18 months (!!!). In closing, the above is evidence embedded can benefit. Yet, two in embedded just popped into my mind: CodeSEAL and smartcards. CodeSEAL combines custom hardware with a processor to (a) encrypt and hash memory pages to stop leaks or attacks outside SOC; (b) control flow whitelist produced by compiler to block all attempts to hijack it. MicroSEMI sells this commercially. Other one is smartcards: microcontrollers with strongly assured hardware, firmware, VM's, and so on for small prices. I should've thought of them first because they kind of answer the whole question, don't they? Guess it doesn't hurt to spread more info on high assurance security tech. ;) Lmao. My initial reaction exactly. DARPA's writers are usually better than this if it's something open to the public. Other times, they do it on purpose. Maybe they got mixed up on which style to use. All good. I'd agree with that argument for the general case. Yet, there have been proprietary systems that resisted attacks in their attack model (with source code!) for years and all were designed with established methods for increasing assurance. There's dozens of done that way, esp in defense and smartcard markets. There's a few OSS projects with either good design or code review (medium assurance) that were done by pro's and open-sourced. Far as the actual FOSS development model, there are zero high assurance security offerings done that way. That's despite decades of examples with details published in journals, on the web, etc to draw on. So, FOSS has never done high security, NSA pentesters did give up on a few proprietary offerings, and therefore FOSS is inferior to proprietary in high security because only one has achieved it. Matter of fact, the open-source, commercial MCP OS of Burroughs was immune to pointer manipulation and code injection in 1961 via two bits of tag. FOSS systems haven't equaled its security in five decades . They need to catch up really quick because they could be the best thing for high assurance. The mere fact that there's tons of labor, they're free, and not motivated by commercial success avoids the main obstacles to high assurance, commercial development: that the processes are labor-intensive, difficult to integrate with their shoddy legacy stuff, and hard to sell. If FOSS ever groks it, they could run circles around the other projects and products in terms of assurance. Closest thing is the OpenBSD community but they use low-assurance methods that lead to many bugs they fix. Their dedication and numbers combined with clean-slate architecture, coding, and tools would produce a thing of beauty (and security). And, yet, the wait for FOSS high assurance continues. If you know anyone wanting to try, Wheeler has a page full of FOSS tools for them to use: http://www.dwheeler.com/essays/high-assurance-floss.html The toolset differences are a huge barrier to market penetration. It's why technically superior, but architecturally different, products of the past were ignored to our loss. Itanium, with its advanced security, is a recent example. Not all are like that, though. There are a number that just protect pointers, do segments, do address space protection (see INTEGRITY-178B), or vary the granularity of the protection for legacy compatibility. These tend to support a modified UNIX/Linux kernel and/or GCC modifications. Things are otherwise the same. So, there's potential in those. I found the following looking into embedded use and what works with similar tools. This tagging scheme [1] integrates with RTEMS and C albeit with more complexity than some. The guarded pointers [2] from mid-90's probably would work well with microcontrollers given embedded code is often fairly static, esp safety-critical schemes. The critiques shouldn't apply as much except cost of extra bits. The SAFE architecture's PUMP [3] does arbitrary policies with costs that might put it outside of microcontroller range (high end? mid-range?). One can even use the old Burrough's model where 2 tags bits per word are used to ID pointers and code. Writes to either generate an interrupt for security system to approve based on context. Again, embedded is static enough that there should be no such interrupts in normal operation if pointer-arithmetic is avoided, right? Feel free to give your thoughts on these in terms of microcontrollers or low-cost microprocessors. [1] http://www.uidaho.edu/~/media/Files/orgs/ENGR/Research/CSDS/... [2] https://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/skeckler/pubs/asplos94.pdf [3] http://www.crash-safe.org/assets/PUMP-ASPLOS-2015.pdf Just agreeing here on the part about DARPA. It's possible, though, that you have no idea just how much DARPA was involved. Despite my research, I just now stumbled onto the Strategic Computing Initiative which shows most of the coolest stuff I studied was all tied to DARPA. Most people haven't heard of it despite it being much more useful than the other Strategic Initiative they know about. Link below for your enjoyment. http://monoskop.org/images/d/d4/Roland_Alex_Shiman_Philip_St... Linux is so inherently insecure that it's hard to say without processor & toolchain modifications. What you can do is follow lead of the others: combine a microkernel (eg OKL4, OC.L4) with paravirtualized Android with security-critical components running outside of Android. The Nizza Architecture [1] below illustrates this. A better, but commercial, approach [2] shows how to handle drivers and some other things better. It's been deployed in a ridiculous number of phones with success. So, standardize on a phone, audit/test the crap out of the drivers, put an OKL4/Nizza-style architecture on it, and pull out anything security-critical to run on microkernel with careful input validation & state management. Should reduce TCB, increase reliability, and prevent spoofing if you fully implement Nitpicker for mobile. Hope that helps. Quick note: be sure to clear all internal registers and cache if kernel transitions from trusted software to untrusted software if you're worried about covert channels (esp key leaking). Both of those can leak keys to professionals if they compromised the Android portion. [1] http://os.inf.tu-dresden.de/papers_ps/nizza.pdf [2] http://www.eit.lth.se/fileadmin/eit/project/142/virtApproach... In PinguTS's link, I found this document with a description on the RTOS: https://github.com/ProjectVault/orp/blob/master/software/os/... I'll review it later on. Anyone else want to chime in about its security at this point? Bam! Another example of people applying lessons of the past to make the present so much easier. Glad for them. Unsurprising with Cray given they're quite innovative and led the way in SIMD processing. Good article. It was indeed too far ahead of its time. That's despite compelling benefits in the field it's designed for: http://www.adacore.com/knowledge/technical-papers/safe-secur... Interestingly, languages such as Rust are still trying to accomplish the combination of efficiency and performance Ada has been doing for decades. Meanwhile, Ada developers (esp at AdaCore) haven't stood still: Design by Contract, provable absence of certain errors in SPARK code, more programming in the large support, zero-runtime deployment options, web app support, separation kernel runtimes for highest security, and more. So, it might be a verbose, old language. It might not support the latest 1,000 fads in IT. Yet, here is a language designed in the 80's that does what modern systems languages are attempting to do, does it well, and has great tool support. So, I'd say the case for using Ada is long-made and companies doing mission-critical software have plenty reason to try to use it. Just try a project or two to see its benefits, at the least. Plenty of people use C++ for web apps. It doesn't take a good coder a lot of time to use them. Those apps also run crazy fast compared to Python apps, even on embedded boards. Plus they support every security, speed, or reliability-enhancing tech ever developed for native code. So, I'd rather use a higher-level language (and do) for most web-application development. I also love Python for its tradeoffs, esp productivity & readability. Yet, there are valid use-cases for native web apps esp where performance or memory-usage matters. Interesting project. If Rust is to replace C++, then we need to see it exercised in all domains C++ has succeeded in. As I told another commenter, C++ with good frameworks does very well in web applications albeit with fewer libraries & utilities. A team of Rust programmers could catch Rust up to one of the C++ web frameworks and do a shootout between the two on realistic web apps. The results in terms of efficiency, productivity, and maintainability for each should tell us plenty about Rust's success in terms of its objectives. That experiment among others, of course. Definitely. I actually gave them props for their SPDY work, including the name: it matching a common word would make it easier for lay people to remember. Many organizations and academics made alternatives to common protocols without the user base or influence to make them real. That Google was in a position to make things better, built a practical improvement, deployed it, and inspired the update to HTTP is a great credit to them. I wish more companies in similar positions would follow suit. And, hopefully, Google's experimentations in other protocols and domains will challenge those controlling the status quo to adapt to the times as well. Not holding my breath but it would be nice. @jk4930, e12e I agree with both of you for the reasons for much of its verbosity and justification for that. One thing you two might have missed, in Safe Syntax chapter of my link, is that many verbose commands are designed so a single-letter typo causes compile failure rather than causes runtime error. Brilliant move I'd have never thought of doing. Yet, there are readable, robust languages without a lot of verbosity. The question is what is the right balance. I show here [1] an alternative syntax to one of code examples in e12e's link that I believe is more readable while conveying the same thing. Shows room for improvement even in Ada's fundamentals. Note that I know Ada has several different I/O's on purpose but basic choices can often be inferred through types. Specifying such a core feature shouldn't be necessary except in unusual cases. [1] http://pastebin.com/6CvpCany This is true to this day per IRONSIDES paper [1]. Made me consider using Ada as an executable specification language to be converted to equivalent C/C++ and compiled that way. They need to just do a functional implementation of the compiler in a language such as Ocaml with extensive testing. That's what Esterel did for SCADE generator. They said Ocaml compiler stages were easy to trace down to object code. So, that helps with the chicken and egg problem a bit. Alternatively, implement it in the VLISP, PreScheme, or VeriML that were formally verified for correctness. [1] http://ironsides.martincarlisle.com/globecom_2012.pdf I agree and think it's slightly major. It's hard enough to get word on this language out. Having people Google for Ada 3.0 or 4.0 to get confusing results might make people say screw it. The author should revise the paper with the proper names for the sake of those people. I linked to a book in my comment that refutes what you say by showing how the constructs themselves avoid many problems. Further, there were empirical studies done by the military and defense contractors in the past that compared defect rates of Ada vs many other languages. Ada always came out on top, sometimes with half the defect rate. So, your claim is wrong in theory and practice. I'm one of those people that think LISP is the most powerful language ever designed. Best for exploratory programming. Ada is best for mission-critical stuff being among the safest. While LISP didn't mainstream, Python did by emulating the right aspects of LISP without its issues. Coverity reported it had an extremely low defect rate, too. It's also great for maintainable, fairly-reliable, productive code. Yet, most installs still depend on unsafe code in interpreter and libraries. So, what do you people think about doing a Python implementation in a combo of Ada and SPARK? Everything is done using robust, structured programming style with Design by Contract and all checks enabled by default. A given set of checks can be disabled if SPARK or another tool proves absence of that problem. Ada's tasking or (even better) the SCOOP model can give it real concurrency. The standard library features can be as safe or fast as necessary with Ada-grade interface protections and typing. OS-specific details will be abstracted away in order to port it to a low-TCB, microkernel OS or MirageOS-style Xen guest in the future. The result should be as usable as Python, work about as fast, be more maintainable, and have fewer implementation risks. I'd also probably implement one of the Python compilers in Ada for performance boosts. Anyone think this is a project worth pushing on academics or FOSS? A number of us have conformed to higher ones on a budget with small teams. The highest one's are indeed a ton of work to accomplish yet there's been dozens of projects and several products with such correctness proofs. They figured by the 80's they needed their certified TCB to be re-usable in many situations to reduce the issue you mentioned. Firewalls, storage, communications, databases and so on all done with security dependent on same component. Modern work like SAFE (crash-safe.org) takes this closer to the limit by being able to enforce many policies with same mechanism. So, your claim is understandable but incorrect. Useful work repeatedly got done at higher EAL's. It continues to get done. The real problem is (a) bad choice of mechanism for TCB and (b) bad evaluation process. Most of us skipped high-EAL evaluations for private evaluations instead by people working with us throughout the project. Saves so much time and money while providing even more peer review. They really need to improve the evaluation process itself so it's not so cumbersome and update their guidance on best mechanisms for policy enforcement. Probably sponsor via funding some of them like they did in the old days. Fortunately, DARPA, NSF, and EU are doing this for many teams so we can just leverage what they create. It's all definitely worth looking into. Anyone trying to start will find Wheeler's page [1] much more helpful. I also included a book [2] on using dependent types for certified programming. There's also a few examples after of verifications with [3] being pretty cutting-edge in automation & thoroughness. I think we need people to put together a single resource where newcomers can see the various approaches, tools, and practical examples of how to use them. Further, we need to research more on which tools give you the most bug hunting benefit with the least time and expertise. There's some research done already but everything in this field is scattered. Another point came up in a similar discussion: we need to focus most of our energy on raising the baseline of correctness for the average programmer. This includes things such as automated test generation, design by contract, and better type systems. The developer should be able to specify his or her intention with the code while the type system or runtime catches most of the errors. Maybe we just need a version of BASIC/Pascal with Ada-like safety built-in or similar restrictions on certain constructs. Not sure of the specifics but this is an important problem to solve. [1] http://www.dwheeler.com/essays/high-assurance-floss.html [2] http://adam.chlipala.net/cpdt/ [3] https://www.umsec.umn.edu/sites/www.umsec.umn.edu/files/hard... [4] http://se.inf.ethz.ch/people/morandi/publications/prototypin... [5] http://compcert.inria.fr/compcert-C.html [6] http://repository.readscheme.org/ftp/papers/vlisp/guide.pdf [7] http://research.microsoft.com/pubs/122884/pldi117-yang.pdf Haha I feel you on that. It's very important for people to understand the basic way C.C. works: a security target or protection profile with the security features needed (can't leave anything out!); an EAL that shows they worked hard (or didn't) to implement them correctly. I'd explain what EAL4 means but Shapiro did a much better job below [1]. That most of the market has insufficient requirements with EAL4 or lower assurance shows what situation we're in. Hope you at least enjoyed the article as I haven't been able to do much about the market so far. ;) [1] https://web.archive.org/web/20040214043848/http://eros.cs.jh... Thanks for that excellent explanation of the terms in question about North-South, etc. It gives me a good visual perspective of it, too. Awesome. :) The article is a horrendous failure by The Intercept, which I usually love to read. The most important part of evaluating trust is character. Microsoft's character on the topic is to use low-quality software processes until forced otherwise, notify NSA etc about bugs so they can hit them, help them do the same with third party software (eg Skype), backdoor their own stuff (eg NSAKEY), and so on. This is one of the least trustworthy companies in existence with a known track record in subverting security and crypto of their customers. So, his research comes down to two major options: the above company's crypto product with assurances of their PR team; a proprietary product with no troubling history & endorsed by a well-known cryptographer. If Win8 and above, he should start talking about BestCrypt rather than dropping a whole extra paragraph on Bitlocker's advantages and how its fine for the average user. It's not fine because (a) the source screws all of its users, (b) alternatives only flourish if you support them (vote with wallet), and (c) a site accepting submissions on corrupt organizations by leakers should never recommend trusting security tech of a corrupt organization whose contributes to the evils they report on. So, this post is just stupid except for the tiny parts where it mentions alternatives. Matter of fact, it reads like an advertisement written with the assistance of Microsoft's lawyers and publicists. I'm not saying it was but any objective investigation should never look like that. Conclusion: Don't trust The Intercept for INFOSEC advice, don't trust Microsoft for security/crypto, use BestCrypt if on modern Windows, use VeraCrypt for Win7 or earlier, and switch to Linux if possible for extra transparency/options. Great read. I think the biggest takeaway is how they organize and run their operation. There's a tiny amount of high talent and dedication people that really control the process. They're open for contributions by whoever wants to try. They internally filter the wheat from the chaff to find those who contributions are truly useful. They give them extra power in both what ends up in the distro and helping the filtering/discovery process. The rest are still allowed to attempt whatever contributions they can. The model seems to hit an optimal point to bring in more good than bad. Might be worth copying in other projects. Supporting this is the other, highly-successful organizations that use a similar model. Far as Linux, there's always exceptions to the rule and lets not forget it depends on GNU work done differently. That hybrid, immensely popular development doesn't compare apples to apples with about anything. I treat it like its own category. "Microsoft said that the key's symbol was "_NSAKEY" because the NSA is the technical review authority for U.S. export controls, and the key ensures compliance with U.S. export laws" (Wikipedia on NSAKEY) We actually don't know what it is past that. So, Microsoft says it was required for export approval & made backup key. NSA controls those export requirements. A declassified CIA document [1] from the period shows export changes were pro-escrow and most big companies were onboard. In short, the NSA, FBI, CIA, and other companies agreed on escrow keys for export of strong cryptography. Microsoft added an escrow (err backup) key called _NSAKEY for export approval. Logically, we should assume it was a COMSEC backdoor for NSA so Microsoft could make money on exports. Assuming anything else is logically questionable given no hard data contradicting this and Microsoft's history of covert cooperation with NSA in much worse ways . Hard data as in statements by Microsoft such as above straight up saying who ordered the change and what it does vs the mere speculation we saw elsewhere. [1] http://www.foia.cia.gov/sites/default/files/DOC_0006231614.p... A nice new example of what's called "parasitic storage." This kind should be easy enough to detect on Reddit's end: encrypted and binary data look very different from text. Further, if a site allows binary, it's different from crypto. The only type that's hard to filter is custom stego whose patterns look similar to normally accepted traffic. Extra true if it's a high volume site. Mostly likely it's the kind of intuitive guess-work common for those those who've been reviewing black-boxes for years. You get what technical detail you can [which may be lies]. Past that, the competence, attitude, and priorities of the organization will tell you more about the estimated quality/security of their product than anything else. He apparently saw these were good at BestCrypt. So, if you can't use open-source, then he says use this company that seems more qualified and with better intentions than others (esp Microsoft!). So, he prefers we have or use open-source crypto where we can but recognizes many won't be able to. He gives them the best option he's seen in proprietary sphere for modern Windows boxes. Incidentally, that's the best that can be done outside of reverse engineering. That's how thin our trust baseline is in commercial crypto. It's why I pushed for a paid, open-source model with independent review below: https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2014/05/friday_squid_... As a3n said, there was a NSL, FISA warrant, or other legal threat that says they can't reveal even the existence of it. Saying yes reveals the existence in an obvious way. Saying no might get them in trouble if revealed to be lying later in court or mainstream media. So, like with classified matters, the safest comment is to not have one. Neutral. It's proven to work in terms of liability in majority of cases. Exactly. The code and executable might not match. As in obfuscated C, the code might be subtly designed to fail. Further, the code might work but be integrated with libraries or deployed on an OS that the enemy knows they can hit. The security case of a given piece of software always depends on the reviewers and knowing you're using what they reviewed . That this is usually lacking in vast majority of software is why we're seeing a ton of vulnerabilities in both commercial and FOSS software. The comment is calling into question the intent of Microsoft in removing the diffuser. They thought it was important in benefiting security. So, did they remove it for performance or yet another concession to U.S. government? It's a valid question in assessing Microsoft's trustworthiness for security/crypto. Of course, we already have plenty on that subject. A good answer won't change anything. A bad one is extra nails in the coffin. Exactly what you said whether people like the lock analogy or not. I used to encourage the use of high assurance security that comes from defense sector. People said "but they might be backdoored by NSA!" I said, "Maybe but they'll protect you from all the other threats which are doing the real damage here. You can always layer something foreign in there if you want to give NSA headaches." Same concept. That's not true: it's a myth commonly reported by mainstream security types. They say that despite using so-called remote administration tools such as SSH that are specifically designed to do what they say a "backdoor" can't. They contradict themselves. So, a secure backdoor means you have to make a high assurance design/implementation of a remote access tool plus protect its keys. The last part is harder to do. NSA already does this, though, with their EKMS. So, most technical problems outside EMSEC and side channels are solved for such a simple use-case. It's the malicious insider risk that worries me and U.S. government is so thoroughly infiltrated that giving them keys = giving keys to top opponents. Maybe. I wish those briefing Congress would bring up this side of things more often while citing DOD's own documents on their thorough compromise by Chinese, Russians, and so on. "Trust us and our double agents to protect your secrets against foreign governments" can't look convincing to most of Congress. ;) He's far from an empty suit given the diverse work he's done that's arguably good. He does occasionally make spot judgments that seem weak and go in what I believe is the wrong direction at times. Unlike many, I post counterpoints to him each time on his own blog and he makes no attempts to censor/grayout those via moderation. He rarely gets into those debates: we sort them out instead. Yet, he lets it all stand for his crowd to read. Not the typical action of either someone trying to hide their incompetence or an ego-maniac. This attitude of his is why a number of us contributed there for years. Plenty of what we posted also pre-empted the Snowden leaks (incl many TAO attacks). Plenty to learn archived over there. Curious, wasn't Vista shipping on computers that had to have more processing power and memory? Do you think that would negate the performance argument a bit or not be sufficient? It's hard for me to reconcile Microsoft's argument about security for lower-performance machines when they were forcing upgrades on customers at same time. Not to mention Vista's efficiency tradeoffs. (shudders) My post was about software encryption. Maybe I should've clarified that better. The beefier machines Microsoft pushed for Vista might negate the performance hit that older hardware might experience with the Elephant option. I'm sure others have more expertise (eg performance comparisons of old machines) in that area so I asked them. Regarding your tangent, hardware encryption will almost always beat software encryption in same process node technology. The next best thing are processors highly-optimized for cryptography (eg GD's AIM), vector processing with crypto-focused operators (SIMD/MIMD), or massively parallel processing with tiny cores (eg FPPA, GPU's) using the right ciphers/cryptosystems. We saw less-mainstream work focusing on these three in late 90's and early 2000's because they would accelerate arbitrary crypto while making upgrades easy. Flexibility & cost-reduction trumped raw performance in many use-cases. Certain defense contractors still sell products like those with more R&D work ongoing. Also support my polymorphic cipher designs unlike hard blocks. Oh ok. Thanks for the clarification. It would certainly matter for the ARM editions. Re-reading the comment, I see now. I think I just read it too fast before. Good catch to both of you. My bad. Given your rep, I'll assume you did thorough research and drop NSAKEY for now. I'll dig up that old work later for verification. If it checks out, I'll pass the correction along to others bringing it up along with modifying Wikipedia article to keep it from confusing others. That's a trap. I just said a situation where'd they might do time for revealing it. You essentially want me to show where they reveal it. A tall order but I'll try anyway. Yahoo fought the FISA court, lost, and others were shown same decision showing resistance would be treated criminally [1]. Lavabit was ordered to give up their key to FBI, not talk about it, and lie to users about their privacy. (Google court docs if you doubt last part.) Finally, the ECI-classified leaks have a slide that says the "FBI compels" [2] the cooperation of U.S. companies with NSA's secret program(s). Compel is undefined. Yet, FBI is a LEO and involuntary compliance with them usually follows threats, yes? The same term is also used in this [3] document citing the specific, federal laws. Both are consistent with Yahoo's claims and leverage same laws. So, I believe that the FBI and NSA might have worked together to use legal threats related to Patriot Act to force companies to comply with SIGINT-enabling for collection purposes. The other ECI leaks mention U.S. companies that were cooperative and made their systems "exploitable" for "SIGINT-enabling." So, they offer money first and call the FBI if that doesn't work. Almost everyone caved so I'm guessing there's a significant, legal threat there. They're not telling you in detail because it's classified: releasing the info is a felony. Who would after seeing what happened to other whistleblowers... It's why I recommend privacy-focused companies being located in Iceland or countries similarly non-cooperative with police state activities. At least one can legally resist subversion in those countries rather than experience... whatever FBI does... for not subverting one's products. [1] https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20130614/10341723470/yahoo... [2] https://firstlook.org/theintercept/document/2014/10/10/eci-w... [3] https://www.nsa.gov/public_info/_files/speeches_testimonies/... That's all so irrelevant to our discussion I wonder why you bring it up. The point is that a black box takes the kind of effort you describe to review: "meaningful, significant costs" most can't or won't invest using specialist skills or tools most don't have. Are you telling me you fully reverse engineer all the state and code paths in every proprietary offering you consider along with a robust evaluation against known vulnerabilities? Or do you look at their stated claims, prior/current credibility, and perform some basic evaluation? Most of us do the latter for economic reasons and that leaves proprietary software as a black box. As for Microsoft, there's all kinds of people reverse engineering their code with most doing it to write exploits. So far, nobody has shared a link to a bug-for-bug compatible source equivalent for Bitlocker to analyze for cryptography issues. I'd just be taking someone else's word that (a) they R.E.'d it enough to see all potential subversions, (b) they had the skill to spot clever subversions with little context, and (c) they weren't lying to me. Please link to papers showing such a full deconstruction of the Bitlocker code with a hash that we can use to confirm it's the same on our machines. It will boost everyone's confidence in the product. Otherwise, you're talking like it's been rigorously R.E.'d and reviewed while providing zero citations to back that. Meanwhile, the Internet is full of citations on Microsoft's security failures and deceptions. Status quo stands until you deliver proof otherwise. Now that is a legitimate critique. It's why I prefer Inline Media Encryptors with trusted path. Those plus an encryption scheme addressing such known issues. The IME knocks the host TCB out of the equation, at least. Bookmarked for my later research. Thank you. I took a liking to SML when working on a subversion-resistant development process and software configuration management system. The security requirements for tools was that verification of safe/secure usage is easy for humans and the executable matches the source. SML, with restricted coding style, is quite easy for humans to verify (vs C++) because of its syntax and high-level style. For source-to-binary verification, I found that the FLINT [1] team had a certifying compiler for SML along with verification of all sorts of stuff. The probability of it being backdoored was extremely slim and source was available. So, there you have it: SML & FLINT as solution to bootstrapping a subversion-resistant toolchain for use by mutually suspicious parties. [1] http://flint.cs.yale.edu/flint/software.html EDIT: Btw, thanks for the book! It's a good idea. Many projects are converging on RPython as a sort of implementation shortcut. This will accomplish two things: (a) let language and tool designers focus their creativity on important stuff rather that low-level crud that has to be there; (b) result in improvements to RPython toolchain as a side effect. Author said similar stuff in the Conclusion section. I think people getting to low-level details for performance reasons would benefit from thoroughly studying the faster LISP compilers. They've been crazy efficient for their level of flexibility. There's undoubtedly tricks they use that could be applied to compiling or interpreting modern scripting languages. I thought about making a source-to-source compiler from JavaScript to a LISP/scheme subset (fastest parts) to leverage their compilers. Lack the time unfortunately. This book gives details on every advantage: http://www.adacore.com/uploads_gems/Ada_Safe_and_Secure_Book... Here's a detailed guide on Ada's safety-supporting features. Should help commenters wanting specifics. https://news.ycombinator.com/edit?id=9672204 Three gripes I have with many formal methods projects are (a) choose something about useless to prove, (b) reinvent the wheel unnecessarily, and (c) an assurance argument with huge gaps or on a knockoff of the actual problem. I like that this project does the opposite in each area: a useful algorithm implementation whose proof build on other's projects with end-to-end assurance. Wise. I look forward to reading the paper. So, what to do next. I suggest working on stuff that isn't getting much attention. For security, realistic proofs are lacking of useful protocols and crypto-constructions from requirements to design to implementation. Also, much foundational software builds on libraries implementing ZIP, PNG, reg ex's, and so on. More verification of those has widespread effect. Program transformations, optimizations of CompCert, integration of covert channel analysis into such tools, more static/dynamic checking, assemblers/linkers , and so on could all use more verification work done with the nice qualities I mentioned about this one. So, any readers thinking of a project might consider the above. That said, it would be nice if this could benefit the average person without formal methods abilities, right? I thought hard on it. Our systems stuff is usually coded in low-level, imperative languages for performance. Our high assurance work often uses functional programming (or functional style) for specs, tools, and so on. Yet, the limitations and TCB's of those in systems space are huge obstacles. Yet, old Scheme/LISP work showed how to turn a limited functional program into an imperative one step by step by fleshing out its state (among other things). We've also seen metaprogramming & MDD techniques allow us to specify something at a high level with low-level, fast code automatically generated for the target. I think the trick is to combine all of this: subset of functional programming specifies high-level operation of program and low-level operation of target language (esp fast parts); verification of useful primitives (eg stacks, pointer arithmetic) with high-level interfaces macro-style; a coding style + methodology for going from high functional to low imperative; verified transformations for optimization, macro expansion, and code generation. Each of these exist in some form, most verified in some way. What's left is to verify all of them and their integration. Such an integrated approach might dramatically simplify verification of software by letting developers simply describe it in a high-level, functional way with a step-by-step process to deployment. Verification, depending on talent, might range from manual inspection to machine-checked proofs. Yet, doing it this way should be much easier than converting them to formal verification experts. What do you developers or formal methods people think of this? My main comment addresses some of this. I think the consensus on this is that most software will use other techniques with lower barrier to entry that leverage stuff built with higher assurance. For example, certain imperative (Ada) and functional (Ocaml) seem to prevent all kinds of errors with decent performance. The Middle Way is to make the toolchain and critical libraries high assurance while the developer uses the basic features of the language with a decent software process. The process aims for good requirements, conservative design, reuse of proven implementation strategies, and good coding styles. These get checked, analyzed, and turned into machine code by trustworthy components. Such an approach knocks out the vast majority of problems. The rest get squeezed out incrementally over time as research and development continues. I link to quite a few microkernel-based examples in the recent post below. Skip to my reply to @Thoth with all the links. https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2015/05/friday_squid_... This is true. It's also why most serious projects are paravirtualizing OS's such as NetBSD or Linux. QNX and Minix 3 leverage code from NetBSD. Most of the L4's do a L4 Linux that runs Linux in user-mode on the tiny kernel. I link to specific examples in another comment here. Even the CHERI secure processor project ported FreeBSD (CheriBSD) to it for the need to keep legacy software. That's a serious issue that's killed a number of past projects. At least many modern ones learned the lesson and are acting accordingly. Thanks for the link. I always enjoy reading Appel's work. Thanks. My favorite part is your thorough breakdown of the assurance case in section one. For redoing security evaluations, I recommended [1] a while back that vendors illustrate the assurance levels of each component in their systems. Your breakdown looks closer to my recommendation than most things I've seen. Such a breakdown is both honest and shows exactly where improvements (or mitigations) need to happen. Otherwise, verifications were as practical and good as I'd expect. My favorite section to scope out, Related Work, gave me new insights as usual. You also had a useful idea of future work [2]. All together, great work. [1] https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2014/04/friday_squid_... [2] "One important future step is to con- dense commonalities of these libraries into an ontology for crypto-related reasoning principles, reusable across multiple language levels and realised in multiple proof assistants. " True. That's why formal verification is only one of many techniques in high assurance (A1/EAL7) evaluations. The methods are all a check against each other with the minds of the designers and evaluators being the strongest check. That might seem counter-intuitive given we're doing formal verification due to people's inability to write code. Yet, people equipped properly can see mistakes in good specs or designs much better than they can do tedious work (eg low-level code) without error. So, in high assurance, we use every tool at our disposal to counter problems and then some for redundancy. Works out fine. That said, I have a nice paper for you if you want to see how screwed up formal verification can get: http://www.cypherpunks.to/~peter/04_verif_techniques.pdf Things have gotten a bit better but plenty of truth left in that paper. Or just more interested in our field of digital sorcery. Either way, I agree it's good to see more women in these things. Having different types of people makes things more interesting. And often more surprising. :) I like that he included the counterpoint to his position early on in the article (Cleanroom etc). The article is correct that our type of engineering is a bit different with all the interactions between components and the fact that they're often different. Yet, there's a subset of the field that counters these problems through choice of development style (eg Cleanroom) with well-understood components with consistent interfaces. The style is fairly easy to pick up but the good components are built up incrementally over time. Truth is, manager's and developer's choices are why most of this isn't the case. Management might push use of a problematic technology, give too little time to assure quality, and so on. Developers might care little about making things maintainable, prefer a style which impedes it, or use fad technologies with tons of unknowns. The combination led to pervasive issues in the industry the article references. The solution is for quality-centric IT shops to differentiate by going in the opposite direction. The same for FOSS projects. Fortunately, we see a little bit of this here and there. Altran-Praxis was delivering engineered software via Correct by Construction methodology. One student's combination of Python and Cleanroom was promising. Ada and Eiffel communities are using Design-by-Contract to aid predictability/maintenance. So, we see pieces of how vanilla IT shops & FOSS can raise the bar closer to engineering. We just need courageous groups to jump and grab it. You have a good point about timing. I often bring this up myself. The major fields of engineering have hundreds to thousands of years of work that went into them. They also went in the same direction more. I challenge any architect that mocks our work to build his next house using methods that existed in their first 100 years then live in it. None have taken me up on the offer. You mean for those few FOSS projects that both get plenty code review and fix those bugs? Sure those probably are better off than average proprietary. Much worse than proprietary niche that's quality-focused. Yet the community isnt outraged enough to use low defect processes to prevent the next set. Further, that both FOSS and proprietary focus on getting features out quickly with few review ensures plenty of bugs in both. The trick to either is the committment to quality/security is real, each commit is reviewed before acceptance, and independent verification is possible. With proprietary, the confirmation can come from a trusted third party, several third parties (mutually suspicious), or source provided to customers (but still paid). That's exactly right. He's a businessman above all. His business is essentially the sale of semi-luxury goods (i.e. high margin). Their profit is astounding. He can cut way back on privacy violation without any effect while Google might go bankrupt doing that. If he's so righteous, let's see him cut back on the prices or lock-in tactics of his devices. I'm betting his whole salary that he's not doing that. People aren't going to like me for saying it but this article is right more than it's wrong. I was a provider of paid, private alternatives to ad-driven services. There were tons of us in late 90's and many in early 2000's. Almost all that didn't switch to ads went bankrupt. Customers seemed to universally want more content/service/everything... for free (or near-free)... while being OK with being spied on & sold out. They also got what they asked for: more articles, games, search, socializing, videos, and so on than have existed in all of history. Huge benefits willingly obtained by giving up privacy and control to anonymous, greedy organizations at a cost they didn't [and mostly still don't] care to think about. Apple, on the other hand, was fine with lying to customers about security ("immune to malware!"), building leaky clouds, suing those that put Mac OS on cheaper hardware, locking in users with software toolchain choices, keeping low income users out due to high prices, discriminating against competitors in App Store, and even charging for updates. On top of that , despite tens of billions in profit, they also sold customers out to advertisers. They are one of the least trustworthy companies in existence for privacy-conscious individuals. So, Tim Cook is full of shit. Apple has enough profit to build inherently private/secure OS's, toolchains, and services. This is obvious given that small to midsized firms with a tiny fraction of the money have outdone Apple in many areas of privacy and security by simply putting in effort. Most likely, Tim Cook is merely doing P.R. work to position Apple's image (not reality) as more trustworthy compared to ad-driven services. Those services can't do this because they'd go bankrupt by not invading privacy. So, let's rehash. Users have more cool and useful stuff than ever before due to ad-driven model. Users got there by repeatedly choosing to be spied on instead of paying or investing time in a private alternative. Apple's past and current track record on privacy/security are terrible. They also do advertising, although not dependent like competition. Apple's CEO says they believe in privacy/security despite them hardly practicing it. Conclusion: our situation is the from users' demand, their massive use of such services maintains our situation, a niche want private alternatives, and Apple is doing PR to make money off those people (while still selling them out). Capitalism in action! ;) Yet, they do: many VP's in this position are promoted from parts of the company that have nothing to do with tech. I even wonder if this is the majority. Not sure. A huge chunk of VP's out there, though. I agree with this and below comments. It took... considerable dedication... to keep reading it all the way to the end. I can't even comment on it directly as it was all over the place but with a nice integration/flow of the sub-topics. All I can call it is an experience lol. I downloaded my certificate. Might put it on my resume. Evidence of willpower if nothing else. :) That's what I was thinking too. But then they seem like employees in the rest of the story. A little ambiguous. There's been many examples in the past enforcing specific types of properties or immune to entire classes of attack. A few survived years of NSA pentesting. I'll give a simple example: Burrough's 1961 product with a tag on memory words. One bit said it's a pointer that processor hardware protects against forgery or improper modification. Array's were bounds-checked by hardware. One bit said something is code, execute but don't modify, enforced by processor. Function calls arguments were validated by compiler during installation and hardware during procedure call. This combination makes almost every code injection attack I've ever heard of fail while using very little hardware overhead. One exception to overhead is runtime procedure checks. Leave it out & you still knocked out almost every way to take over systems with software vulnerabilities. There's dozens of designs doing similar things in academic literature, on the web (see crash-safe.org or Cambrige's CHERI), in government (see Sandia Secure Processor), and even commercial (see CodeSEAL architecture). Yet, the tiniest modifications (pointer/array/code protection) would give attackers considerable headaches. This must be integrated with other security methods, of course, along with toolchains (esp compilers) modified to use it and any custom software (esp assembler) modified to use it. Those changes are well within Apple's budget. They also bought an ARM license and a fab deal, meaning they can do the hardware mod. At this point, there's no excuse for our machines to be vulnerable to pointer, buffer, or memory-based attacks given 1960's technology was immune to these by design. And we could adopt such methods relatively inexpensive today. And academic prototypes running FreeBSD and Linux only cost a few mil versus Apple's tens of billions available. Yes, it has been done, can be done, and is simply not done as usual. Sounds right. Makes even more sense how you worded it. That was a mainframe, actually. They're quite complex. The mechanism is simple. I have designs that apply it to a smartphone by a tiny change to the processor and its I/O system. Far as the hardware, that's it. For the software, the C (or Objective-C) compiler just has to use the appropriate tags or instructions when generating the binary. Any hand-written assembler, a tiny portion of the program, must do the same. That's it for the pointer & code protection. On a smartphone, this is the main SOC, drivers, part of the compiler, and any assembler functions. That's it. There's no need to speculate, though. Several academic projects involving a few amateurs with six to seven digit funding have (a) modified processors for security, (b) modified toolchain to support it, and (c) ported BSD/Linux to it. Others did it for embedded systems. Their schemes are usually much more complex (see Cambrige CHERI processor). Unrealistic to think Apple can't do with 9+ digits less than what academics do with 6-7. I love seeing this because it matches my recommendation for redoing the stack post-Snowden. I gave two options: (a) Wirth-style [1] with assembler -> high-level assembler -> Modula-2-like language -> safe Oberon-like language -> 4GL-like batteries included language; (b) VLISP-like [2] setup with assembler -> high-level assembler -> LISP interpreter -> PreScheme compiler -> integrated PreScheme/LISP/assembler system -> AOT or JIT compiler for full LISP. This is kind of like a mix between the two. I like how the author illustrates each step well. The best illustration is showing how easily the core language can transform into a mainstream-grade language with extensible syntax and macro's. A strength worth copying in any new language albeit with guidelines on proper use. I bet it was all pretty fun, too. [1] http://www.cfbsoftware.com/modula2/Lilith.pdf [2] http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download;jsessionid=E0F... Yeah, it's kind of a cheat. A real language built in assembler would be headaches and I bet a HLL prototype would be hidden somewhere. HLA might be doable, though, especially if macro's are used diligently for pre-optimization work. Competition has gone down from the 70's and 80's, though. I remember reading a Scheme paper that builds a software interpreter then implements the thing in hardware too. There were also people doing HLL-to-microcode compilers to cheat extra performance out of their chips. These days most projects stop at assembler. I'd love to see people whip out their FPGA's and start trying to outdo 70's-80's era innovation in hardware/software designs maybe for modern languages. One of my concepts collecting dust is the Secure Python Target that merges a capability machine, LISP-like hardware at core for native bytecodes, and compiler from Python to that language. Result could be quite productive, reliable, and secure. Another was a Secure Haskell (or ML/Ocaml) Target. I don't know that kind of stuff as well, though. Python has enough documentation, community, and simplicity (to a degree) that academics could port some of its core to hardware. It does depend on the definition. I'd disqualify Forth as a real language, too. I've always considered it a cross-platform, macro assembler for an abstract, machine design. Like P-code was but more flexible. It's definitely interesting and useful but doesn't feel like a 3GL or even a full LISP. I'd see it as a bootstrap (firmware) or compilation target (eg BootSafe) of a high-level language. Cool that you assembled one, though. (pun intended) Hmm. I was introduced to the term 3GL to mean languages such as ALGOL, PL/1, Fortran, Pascal, C, and so on. Substantially more structured or English-like than assembler. Most definitions say they take care of details unnecessary to writing the programming logic. So, I just looked up the wikipedia article to find the same languages but also that anything above assembler is technically a 3GL. Even HLA is a 3GL by that standard. So, Forth is... at the lowest rung... a 3GL. By that standard, so are macro-assemblers with control flow and typing constructs. Personally, I think that definition is crap and we should reserve 3GL for languages that significantly raised abstraction like those I cited. This is just a matter of opinion, though. Each will see it a different way and there's no right answer. That's what I've learned researching after your comment. I'll be darned: your example [1] is indeed a real langauge written in M68K assembly. Also one I'd never heard of so thanks. Old guard's tenacity to get stuff done with constrained hardware and software continues to impress me. Regarding compiler, yeah I was thinking of the complexity of one with AST and optimizations because who would use it without that? That would be an impressive compiler in assembler. Amiga-E is impressive enough, for now, while also proving the concept. Good points as well on how an assembler style could easily use templates and such during code gen phase. I think the analysis and transform phases might be the hardest in an optimizing compiler. Just a guess, though. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amiga_E Another person realizing my meme that IT regularly forgets and (when lucky) re-invents the past. Often in an inferior way. K and J were great tools for datamining. Well-implemented, too. Hadoop-style efforts could've saved a lot of time and gained plenty efficiency starting out with such a design. Any suggestions on best way to solve this? A Wikibooks-like, categorized, searchable site of all kinds of solutions to various problems, perhaps? Fortunately we have nice counter-examples with groups such as FoundationDB doing Hadoop scale with strong consistency. Building on the right, proven principles can get one ahead. I just commented on one IT segment not learning from the past. NixOS deserves praise for doing the opposite: seeing various problem involved, identifying proven ways for solving them, and implementing them into a usable solution. Combining declarative and transactional properties into the package system as effectively as they do is very smart. I hope to see more distro's follow suit. Not to mention there's VMS clusters with 20+ years of uptime. The systems, especially Alphas, were so reliable that at least one sysadmin forgot how to restart them and had to consult the manual lol. I wish they made a good desktop. I'd have used it and probably lost less work. ;) A link for you: http://h71000.www7.hp.com/openvms/brochures/commerzbank/comm... Notice how "all systems crashed" from heat except the AlphaServer. That's great engineering, right there. It's why I wish they were still around outside eBay. That plus PALmode: most benefits of microprogramming without knowing microprogramming. :) You couldn't be more right. To this day, I encourage the use of radio, dial-up, closed-circuits, cheap leased lines... anything but the Internet... for mission-critical transmission. Just way too many issues from reliability to security. Using simple lines and protocols with little to no routing let's one use equally simple hardware. If resources are left over, one can use them for boosting manageability, reliability, or security. Exactly! That's the ultimate problem with these kinds of systems. It's why I advocate incrementally re-engineering a compatible system onto modern hardware and standards. Not even anything fancy necessarily: just easy to maintain, portable, and fast enough. Companies like Semantic Designs even make source-to-source compilers that do bug-for-bug translations. I'm sure we could do dynamic translation of binaries for the dependencies, too, although I'm not sure anyone does that. Thanks! I knew they used something but nobody ever told me what the old standards were. I'm adding it to my link farm as some call it. Bet I find a use for it, too. :) Those kind of results are why I encourage copying past designs for new hardware projects in safety-critical space. Especially NonStop architecture, which is patent-free now. Take one of older ones, make it 32-64 bit, put modern interfaces on it, put it on an older SOI process node for reliability, optional lockstep, and the result should run very well for a very long time. You made a good point: OpenBSD is way more complicated than GPG. I set up GPG with one command I got off the Internet. I also got a cheat sheet giving common commands I need for common scenarios. These people weren't just barely technical: they were unable to use Google as well. I'm dismissing the study as having little value. Need a new one with people who can follow steps they find on Google. If they fail, the author's point would stand. One more thing they forgot to mention: GPG is apparently so secure that Snowden leaks show that NSA hates running into it and even uses it internally. Biggest endorsement one can get. I'd replace the interface for sure, though, where users would never see it. I got back on GnuPG recently because an associate wouldn't communicate without it. We came up with a trustworthy way to exchange keys. After that, I just cut and pasted crap from this: http://irtfweb.ifa.hawaii.edu/~lockhart/gpg/ Been working fine so far. I'm sure there's all kinds of complicated ways to use it but it just takes a few commands to do most of the work. I only use two these days: one for sending and one for receiving. I scripted the more complicated one (send) where I type an alias and a text file with it doing the rest. The decrypt command, -d (file), is easy to remember. Pretty simple compared to trying to learn OpenBSD. Not to say they're wrong for making something easier or the interface couldn't be way better. Just that me using this thing with almost no thought argues against all this difficulty people are bringing up. That's definitely an improvement and pretty easy to use as well. Quick comment regarding key sizes. NSA has a patent on ECC, expects licenses for commercial use, and has some kind of conditions you must adhere to if applying for a license. I'll let your imagination wonder on that last part as mine does. The choice is easy for me between asymmetric crypto that's patent-free and a kind the NSA controls. This might not apply to your personal use but it can to any company using such a tool. Given the leaked BULLRUN slide, I'd rather not be in a position of NSA showing up with plans for my product along with a legal claim on it. RSA or DH it is, then! Or clever symmetric schemes that avoid that stuff entirely. I do that, too. I haven't missed not using ECC as I rarely need to transmit asymmetric keys. EDIT: The few legitimate responses to this showed NSA patents are expired, Certicom's 130+ still require license from new owner Blackberry, and Bernstein's curves might be exempt. I appreciate those updates. Status quo: forms of ECC are covered by patents and you need to consult an attorney if doing it commercially. My reading was they did the exact opposite: considered https to be a failure of end-to-end security they wanted. It was various users that apparently wanted HTTPS. I could see how they got to that: I access the site with HTTP; an intercept might happen; HTTPS protects HTTP; let's protect it with HTTPS! Fortunately, the experts knew better and avoided that nonsense. You actually just need a reliable way to get information from them once plus a good cheat sheet (see above comment) on GPG. So, you both use cut and paste to (a) generate keys, (b) add keys, (c) send messages and (d) receive messages. Exchanging the key file is the only step that requires slight thought and there's a dozen ways to do that. I still don't use or fully understand the web of trust model as I haven't studied it in ages. I do use GPG every night with the right person on the other end, though. Still don't know anything else about it. Don't want to, either. Would it, though? Wouldn't a distribution just become a specific configuration of source, binaries, and other data? I appreciate the update on the situation for those curves. A few of these people didn't seem to do much research. There's not only one patent on ECC: there's around 130 esp by Certicom with a whole wikipedia article [1] dedicated to the topic. The early NSA patents are indeed expired while the linked Certicom patents seem to be in effect. Article also mentions Bernstein's might be exempt but anyone following patent troll suits won't be assured by that. Certicom loosing the lawsuit against Sony's high-priced lawyers with some prior art is somewhat assuring. Yet, it's a fact that ECC in certain forms (or in general?) is patented and even Schneier was disturbed by how well the patents were written. So, next time ECC patents come up, those replying like they don't exist hopefully will not mislead HN readers again. (sdevlin's fair comment being an exception) I mean, if there are no patents, we wouldn't have people griping about licensing costs [2] or companies dropping $100+mil on the company for its ECC patents, would we? [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ECC_patents [2] http://seekingalpha.com/article/2554945-blackberry-make-cert... See my above reply concerning 130 patents on ECC. Who knows NSA's purpose. Certicom's was money from licensing: so much that their company (mainly patents) sold for over a hundred million dollars to Blackberry. I have details in comment above. I cross-referenced it against the documentation. Let's assume someone won't, though. The commands' appearance make their intent pretty obvious. Further, using them produces output that confirms what the cheat sheet says. For instance, adding a public key said something along the lines of "public key added." Decrypting the incoming message showed its plaintext. Encrypting outgoing plaintext turned it into ciphertext other party decrypted. Along with a warning that the key didn't have others' signatures on it, which ironically re-assured me more because it shouldn't. So, a visual inspection of the commands and their results in a sandboxed machine was about all one needed to know that they worked. My experience with similar tools helps there. More concerned people can thoroughly cross-reference them with the documentation, source code, program's author, and so on. Whatever level of assurance they like. The basic level, though, was incredibly simple. I'd take using GPG over learning Emacs or OpenBSD any day. In level of difficulty, that is. It was: Certicoms ECC patents got them acquired for roughly 7 times what Matasano got. A neater trick would be if you're right, the patents don't exist, and Blackberry was scammed. It go down as one of the greatest cons of that year with Blackberry's shareholders having more to gripe about. I'm just going with Occam's Razor: the ECC patents exist and you're just trolling my latest comment without any evidence to back up your claims. That's been your M.O. so far. That's a semi-clarification. You brought up foundational patents and NSA patents in a dismissal form. You didn't acknowledge any patent risk on ECC, the gist of my comment, at all. Anyone reading your comment would think there was no patent risk much like the other commenters. Might have not been your intention. Far as open source, the BSD licenses are used in part to encourage proprietary adoption of superior technology for everyone's benefit. Well, OpenBSD team might have their own reasons as they often do for a lot of things. Any company using BSD code in a commercial product (many do) is fine unless it's covered by patents. It's why Apache license mentions patents specifically. If this ECC was covered by ECC patents, then this could add risk to such a company over other technologies unless they licensed the patents from Blackberry. A specific example would be Genua, a German defense contractor that builds security appliances on OpenBSD. And congratulations for beating your own expectations on the sale. One of a rare few. ;) I've updated it for clarification. The NSA did have patents, though. After those expired, they licensed Certicom's and their web site even mentions that this only applies to products conforming to their expectations. As in, they control those to quite a degree. The alternative was paying Certicom a licensing fee. It's still on their web site. Exactly. One of many reasons the developers went with an end-to-end solution instead of HTTPS. It makes the transport mechanism moot except for the initial key exchange. Their documentation is great. I won't disagree in the slightest. I also praised them in other places for working as hard on docs as software itself. Docs are lacking in most places. The only point of these comments is that people are way overhyping the difficulty of basic GPG use given I installed it easily using Google and used it by cut n pasting a cheat sheet. Others have too. That's all I'm trying to do here while using things like the overall OpenBSD experience (or Emacs) as points of comparison to support that. I'd have to use my brain with either OpenBSD stuff or Emacs. Of course, I cheated there too: Absolute OpenBSD. I know I could've used their great docs for everything but the reviews of the book were too good. I had to attempt using it to shortcut the learning process. Lol. Reliability, determinism, and security vulnerabilities are a good start for the purchaser. For the reviewer, we already know what methods [1] historically improved the assurance of software. Every method they added, the more bugs they found. That most proprietary and FOSS software use little rigor is why they're insecure. Only a few proprietary or academic offerings, not community driven, had the rigor for the B3/A1/EAL6/EAL7 process. I give examples here [2] for those that want to see the difference in software lifecycle. Can you name one FOSS product designed like that? Where every state, both success and failure, is known via design along with covert channels and source-to-object code correspondence? I've never seen it. Although, it has happened for a number of proprietary products whose claims were evaluated by NSA & other professional reviewers for years straight without serious flaws found. So, for high security, the "proprietary niche" that does that has beaten FOSS by far and mainstream FOSS is comparable to mainstream proprietary in quality (i.e. priorities of provider matters most). FOSS can potentially outdo proprietary in highly assured systems given they have free labor. In practice, they do whatever they feel like doing and so far that's not using the best software/systems engineering practices available. So, I don't trust FOSS any more than proprietary except in one area: less risk of obvious subversion if I verified transport of the source and compiled it myself. Usually plenty of vulnerabilities anyway, though. Would love to see more high assurance efforts in FOSS. [1] http://web.archive.org/web/20130718103347/http://cygnacom.co... [2] https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2014/04/friday_squid_... If it's patent free, why are people paying for it as I linked to? NSA paid for it and are specific that it applies to FIPS 140-2 solutions. Companies were paying Certicom for it. As far as a few years ago, an article gripes about how much Blackberry charges for it. Just weird that it doesn't apply to anything yet companies and governments were all paying for it. If something has changed, I'd like the definitive answer to come from legal experts (esp aforementioned companies' lawyers) who say the 100+ patents no longer apply to anything we use and they all stopped paying for ECC. Haven't seen it. I'll continue to warn people until (a) I see that contrary reports acknowledge the existence of 100+ patents that companies are actually paying for rather than falsely claim no patents exist and (b) show why all of them never applied or no longer apply to existing ECC schemes. Got a link to that? @ ghshephard Your comment implies they're only paying for an implementation. To be sure, do you have a link to a resource analyzing the patents on ECC and showing they don't apply to anything they (or we) use for ECC? That it's a moot issue in its entirety or mostly except for known cases? Otherwise, I'm going to guess that you're guessing like everyone else. @ kragen The FIPS 140-2 claim comes from the NSA's licensing of those patents and requirements: https://www.nsa.gov/business/programs/quick_facts.shtml Far as patents, there's a quite a variety of them with some filed within the current 20 year window. I repeat for a third time , do you have a resource with a list of patents relevant to ECC and showing that none of them apply to any current implementations (esp BSD licensed)? It might surprise you but your word doesn't mean jack in a patent case: it's the patents, lawyers, and judges that settle it. So, I'm only going to back down on ECC patent risk if we get a definitive statement across these patent portfolios that there's zero risk on one or more implementations. What you all have given me so far is (a) there's no patents on ECC whatsoever, a lie or idiocy; (b) some non-lawyer said certain ones don't apply so magically they all don't in a real court; (c) you personally believe nothing applies so they won't in a court; (d) there's software licenses going on so patents don't apply in a real court despite NSA et al licensing patents. It all sounds really weak. People have lost suits and their profits for less. I'm still awaiting your reference with evidence that each of the ECC patents don't apply to OSS or commercial implementations. Additionally, since it was added, I'd like your side to cite evidence that everyone is licensing software implementations instead of patents that don't apply to anything. That contradicts what I linked to so burden of proof is on you to show there's no patent-related licensing but software instead. I didn't. I thought that, after much publicity and a lawsuit, they paid for patent licenses out of coercion rather than willingness. The usual reason. Maybe the patents don't apply to anything, NSA was just being generous by buying patent licenses for nothing, and everyone else was buying software licenses. As I asked above, I just want a solid reference showing this and that the 100+ patents don't apply to anything we use. So far, everyone wants me to take their word for it despite my references showing government and companies buying patent licenses. Weird. I'm thinking I should send a letter to Blackberry asking if ECC is covered by their patents or if everyone just wanted to pay for an implementation for various reasons. Might simplify this debate. @ quesara Yeah that's the one. It has to be FIPS 140-2 compliant or approved by NSA. Outside Type 1 devices or FIPS Level 3-4, both of those seem to suck in practice for security. One way or another, it doesn't get unless they approve it. Edit to add: That covers the small selection of patents NSA licensed for use in their implementations (esp FIPS 140-2 products). There's around a hundred more of unknown effect. I'd love to see a detailed breakdown of those and risk posed in various ECC use cases. The references I linked cover 8 patents out of 130. For the fourth time , please link to evidence that they and the other 122 don't apply to anything we might build in ECC. And also that NSA and companies wasted millions on patent licenses for nothing. Otherwise, it's obvious that you are spreading advice without the slightest idea of what's true here. Otherwise, you'll probably have a link to all those patents and analysis of how they don't apply that you can post within next few minutes. A link to analysis you and your side have already done rather than crap you're making up on the spot. You're faking it though, so you won't have anything to post. Like everyone else in the ECC debate. Nothing but your word, which at one point thought patents didn't exist (neither the NSA nor anybody else has a patent on ECC ). Given you're knee deep in this stuff and supposedly a security professional you must have been lying. There's no way you couldn't have known as a crypto/security geek that there were patents on ECC given all the debates. But you assured everyone here that nobody else has a patent on ECC . Such lies could've cost commercial groups that trusted you quite a lot. I understand if you're more focused on dismissing the competition than proving 100+ patents don't apply to your claims. It's way less work that way. You'd have to dig them up, read them, evaluate them from a legal perspective, and write up reasons they don't apply. Complex, boring stuff compared to coding. I'll understand if you never take the effort to back your claims about 100+ patents and expect the rest of us to do the same. There's a good reason for that, actually. Besides, it doesn't matter how long ago I went to key-signing parties and such. The number of people I know using PGP I can count on one hand, maybe two. I have reliable channels to them to get keys. Web of trust is useless to me and despite my poor memory I can remember debating people about its many weaknesses even back when we did it a lot. Modern tech has moved on to more interesting and reliable reputation systems. Web of trust's time has passed, for now. Damn! That was a surprise! Alright, point taken. I'll... have to validate things on terminals a lot more thoroughly in the future. And type my own code by hand based on the documentation. Maybe just make my own cheat-sheets for the cut and paste. Text files. You'd have to be an idiot to read those command names and try them. Whereas "gen-key," "import," "export," "-e," and "-d" have obvious, low-risk usage. More so if you cross-reference against the docs. Nice strawman, though. People only get hit with patent suits for commercial use that I'm aware of. They wouldn't be as it's all free and they don't monetize it. A commercial product using it is where the risk is. I'm assessing that risk. Anyway, thanks for the link as he covers a lot of key patents and some prior art to use. That's exactly what I'd try to avoid. You could say all topics are shallow there and we'd be the deep thinkers. ;) I agree it's important to consider refrigeration costs. Yet, the rest seems hypothetical given their site says it scales to petabytes across many machines, from clusters to grid computing. Their benchmarks are on a diverse array of machines with some being flash storage arrays and others compute nodes with 16+ cores & 512GB memory. I have a hard time believing this thing is going to choke on most datasets. Licensing and hardware will probably be the biggest costs here. It's a strawman because nobody is trying to sell you anything, especially a commodity. Their market are people dropping loads of money on datamining hardware and personnel with an aim to get the most analytical value for their money. Then they find out about this excellent database that blows the competition away in capabilities and efficiency. Spending a little extra on this maximizes ROI on their hardware. And so many companies do. Others continue working with crap like Hive and Reddis where they spend more time & money on supporting the software than getting analysis done. This problem goes back to the STU-III telephone where Soviets said best attack was listening to what was said between opening the line and going secure. The lesson learned was we have two choices: (a) device is secured the moment you activate it; (b) the interface between trusted and untrusted (Red/Black separation) blocks as much data is needed until the secure link is established then forces everything over it. The latter is the solution here and their recommendations are pretty good. There's another risk, though: the WiFi layer and TCP/IP stacks themselves. These might be hacked and WiFi is regularly by NSA per leaks. This is why high assurance wireless VPN's they endorse use a dedicated device for secure wifi connections. It works as follows: a device/chip for trusted data with a physical connection to PC; a secure chip in middle for crypto & control logic; a device/chip for untrusted code (esp Wifi driver) and data with connection to antenna. Some use separation kernels instead of different chips these days. The device is programmed to not let "trusted" data through until (a) untrusted chip says wireless is working and (b) VPN is established in middle chip. It can be modified to deal with captive portals although that creates potential covert channels or attacks. Maybe one can tie a sandboxed browser to the untrusted chip for approving the terms. It and the channel are killed the moment Internet is reachable. More work needs to be done in this area. Regular setups not worried about targeted hacks will probably be fine following the advice in the article. People worried about targeted attacks rarely use Windows anyway haha. I don't work for either but I do follow their projects a bit. I'd say you can start by comparing things like Hadoop or HDFS to things like Google File System and their Spanner-based F1 RDBMS (strong consistency + NoSQL scale). There's clearly a difference in talent or applying it to solve toughest problems at least. Both companies try to work around problems too hard to solve but Google seems to solve the hard one's more often. The one technician for 25,000 servers part stands out the most to me. That's quite an achievement. Seems like they're ahead of supercomputers in management efficiency. Another along these lines is AOL's "lights out" datacenter [1] that they ignore for long periods of time except for efficient, batch jobs of maintenance. [1] http://www.zdnet.com/article/aol-shrinks-its-lights-out-data... ! My comment said "petabytes" of data across many machines. The 512GB RAM was one node they tested it on. As in, the 512GB is around how much can be in one node at once rather than what the database can process. If petabytes of OLAP don't count, I'll concede that this database isn't for "big data." I'm very grateful for you confirming my intuition on how they're doing hardware. It's so specialist and difficult I figured they had to be outsourcing most of it to pro's. Not a negative on their part, though, as it's what I'd do as well. There's just some holdovers in dicussions that think these companies are all doing (rather than funding) hardware development. EDIT to add: The Horus product is interesting. Formerly, I only knew about the NUMAscale for AMD NUMA. Too bad competition rarely survives in this segment. Things were more interesting in the MPP and DSM days. Hard problems like massive scale with strong consistency which three other firms solved? Or "hard" problems like managing COTS components or accelerating PHP that just require time + labor to pull off? Feel free to name projects solving Hard problems whose capabilities had little to no precedent outside Facebook. I mean that straight up rather than sarcastically in case it comes off that way. I'd like to know the best Facebook pulled off. That matches what I've seen in descriptions of their architectures. Duct tape especially. They are pretty good at gluing together a bunch of FOSS stuff and expanding on it, though. I'll give them that. re live data. Processing that much live data without changes breaking the whole thing is a Hard problem. Very impressive work on their part. I'll give them that. re storage platform. I'd have to look into it to Haystack or F4 to see if they were truly unique or incremental improvements on existing stuff. Cold Storage, though, I *did read up on. The work and decisions that went into that were brilliant. Every little detail and optimization they could. Plus, although minor precedents existed, I don't think I saw anyone else thinking or working in the direction they worked. Truly innovative. re datacenter. I count most of that as more incremental. I've looked at their publications on their architecture. They might strip unnecessary stuff out of a blade, put in a RAM sled for a cache, use a simpler protocol than TCP/IP for internal comms, and so on. The kind of stuff everyone in whole datacenter (and supercomputer) industry does. Most of it is obvious & has plenty precedent. Now, if you know a few specific tech they used that were extremely clever (little to no precedent) please share. Example would be whoever started installing servers into shipping containers for mass production then easy installation... that was brilliant stuff. Was either Facebook or Microsoft. So, you've given two good examples of Hard problems Facebook solved. Brilliant thinking went into solving them. No doubt a company working some miracles on a regular basis. The paper was straightforward on what mattered. I liked that your team did their homework on prior efforts, used object-based storage (I pushed it in late 90's), used most proven filesystem (one I'm using it now), kept data structures fairly simple for modern stuff, and wisely used compaction. All good stuff. I actually do have ideas on where to go from there and that's general. I'd probably charge Facebook for the info, though, given the increase in performance and savings they might generate. I might contact you in the future on that. If true, that would be an epic burn of my comment. Yet, the only person's name that kept popping up has a LinkedIn that doesn't mention Google. He worked at Microsoft, Amazon, etc. Might not be the main inventor, though. Who are you referring to? He's currently recommending, for Windows users, either Bitlocker (256-bit AES) or BestCrypt (256-bit AES, RC6, Serpent, or Twofish). Not whatever link in the article you found those in. Unless I overlooked them in Bitlocker or BestCrypt's spec pages... About those, though, CAST-128 isn't trustworthy (chosen-plaintext attack), GOST is probably there for Russian market, and Blowfish is fine given all the beatings it survived (good sign of security). I still use Blowfish and even IDEA in my polymorphic ciphers that semi-randomize a combination of strong ciphers along with counters. Actually, I looked into things as promised. The Wikipedia links and whatever popped up in my Google searches. Turns out the only citation you had, a HN news commenter, was just repeating the claims of a MS spokesperson with some added opinions. I found a more interesting source which has similar claims: http://cryptome.org/nsakey-ms-dc.htm On the surface, it seems believable. However, like Duncan, I'm seeing glaring problems with these responses. It boils down to this: the Microsoft rep claimed they came up with all details (including the key & its name) on their own without NSA intervention, generated/control both keys themselves, submitted the design for review, and got NSA approval. Yet, without NSA's involvement, a developer named their key NSAKEY and when decrypted its email was "postmaster@nsa.gov." Also, as Duncan noted & my HSM guy as well, it's standard for HSM's to let you export keys for backing them up or multi-site usage. So, their claims are highly unusual, suspect, and weak. The evasive behavior that led up to this isn't typical of even Microsoft. They usually come up with some CYA BS rather quickly. Also, the odds of a Microsoft-controlled key they made entirely on their own being called NSAKEY with NSA's email on it without NSA participation are low albeit possible (dev joke). Far from Alex Jones stuff, there's actual substance to worries over what NSAKEY did or does. I agree with critiques that it's a lower concern given all the attack angles on Windows from outside or inside perspective. Yet, dozens of reports didn't show anything along lines of "comprehensively debunked." Instead, we had a series of weak stories from Microsoft that raised more questions than answers with plenty of evasion on their part. And they're known to work with NSA. So, people should still not trust that and use the steps that one person published to replace the key with their own. Solves the problem with minimal fuss, eh? That's a good point. Any product of significance that runs in software on untrusted users computers can be compromised by determined attackers, NSA or not. Even hardware-protected secrets have been bypassed. Hence, the security argument must rest on something that works regardless of whether enemies know the mechanism. You have an attack on them? One that works with a Top 500 supercomputer? With a IBM Bluegene? With a FPGA? With Intel hardware most black hats have? IDEA particularly was a thorn in the side for NSA via the most famous app using it. Academics gave it plenty of beatdown. It's still secure in practice. So is Blowfish if working around weak keys and rotating frequently. My motto in high security is "tried and true beats novel and new." An new thing shows up with new methods, new proofs, and a few years later new attacks. I'll take the thing that works despite tons of effort to make it not work. That said, remember a cascade is my usage case. AES finalists received enormous peer review. At least one of them is always used. The weaker ciphers are in the middle. Then, there's stream ciphers such as Salsa20. Ciphers that are the same can't be used in a row (meet in middle). Any pro looking at the construction hasn't identified a realistic risk in years far as the crypto goes. Protocol implementation, RNG's, parsers, etc were the usual worry areas. So, I call FUD on this stuff. It's one of the things cryptographers always bring up without evidence of any practical risk. I'm confident that, accounting for weaknesses, certain algorithms are strong after still being secure for 10+ years of significant use and cryptanalysis. That's a good track record without a break in INFOSEC, right? It doesn't mean anything because it's a standard move to reduce legal risk. No comment is almost always the safest answer. This applies to individuals too: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wXkI4t7nuc They forgot to look into the subversion, BIOS, peripheral firmware, and covert channel risk despite me repeating those on forums all over going back years. Then the shit ended up in TAO's catalog (including my "amplifying cable" concept aka RAGEMASTER) & most stuff was weak to it. Same argument could applied to widespread open source software that people find "previously unknown" bugs in despite that code existing for years and "widely reviewed." So, I don't have to posit anything given the horrid state of INFOSEC and app review going back years: they should instead prove they did better than usual in the security analysis and show what they found for independent review. This is, coincidentally, a part of the scientific method as well. You instead could've settled this argument if you linked to a group that reversed engineered all of that, found that it did exactly what they said, and had no conflict of interest with U.S. government. You say you know these exist but still haven't produced them. You instead expected people to take your word for it or comb the Internet looking for the proof you allege. Both a tall order. Those of us in INFOSEC against highly subversive opponents don't deal in pure faith [esp in similarly evil organizations]. So, where is this evidence that it was totally reverse engineered and proven to be functionally equivalent to claims? I'd like to read it, determine its credibility, pass it onto peer review, and share it widespread if it passes enough of that. As promised, I'll even add it to the Wikipedia article that tops search to this day. Waiting on you and your evidence. I believe it's possible. It's why I only use it in cascades. Yet, where's the practical attack where IDEA and Blowfish traffic are decrypted with ciphertext? If it's malpractice, then they're either fully decryptable or will be soon based on existing attacks on specific numbers of rounds or implementations. I would appreciate you to cite evidence of people decrypting files protected by Blowfish or IDEA by breaking the cipher. To address your edit which added all the bullet points: 1. Avoid ECC's for commercial activity because NSA & a private company were asserting 130+ patents existed on them. Be ready with lawyers otherwise. Anyone following all the patent battles would be concerned. If not concerned or doing FOSS, I always recommend using Bernstein's NaCl or a double signature scheme with a post-quantum algorithm as secondary for those worried about such things. Lots of good work on Merkle Tree's recently, for instance. 2. Use Blowfish in cascading ciphers with other strong one's such as AES candidates. Cryptographers make barely substantiated claims about things' risk all the time. Worse, their proofs on "secure" constructions sometimes don't even apply to the real protocol rather than an abstraction of it lacking key details (eg padding). Always include things the NSA and other strong attackers have failed to beat for 10+ years. If it was so bad, they'd be dominating it across the board. They not. So, it's either not so bad or good obfuscation to add to stronger stuff. 3. Google's most clever work, which I praised, was NaCl. It ended up being one of the weakest CFI schemes in practice because they sacrificed too much security for performance and maybe other reasons. They continue to build on it despite better stuff available. Much of their other stuff was COTS implementation quality with no specialist security engineering that I could tell. They're weak on endpoints like majority by relying on insecure tools and endpoints. My advice is to think of them like any other vendor rather than on another level. Depending on architecturally-weak TCB's such as Linux doesn't add confidence to any notion you have of strong endpoint security. There are no strong endpoints in mainstream lol. 4. NSAKEY is possible evidence of subversion from a company with a whole history of screwing customers for profit on their own and with government. By itself, not the biggest worry. It's just one more circumstance among many that should get people away from Microsoft tech. Seriously, how many times do BSD or Linux users get into huge debates about something like this where the NSA's actual name dropped in there with secret functionality and evasiveness by developers? If it happens at all, you could name it on one hand. Getting away from such companies is a positive. 5. A risk indeed I took on a PC that was already compromised by my main opponent as far as I knew in a sandbox. I cross-referenced the command against the documentation as I indicated in the conversation. Yet, most people who use software do similar things without cross-referencing. People were likely to Google signify and OpenBSD issues as well along with following steps they saw online. That risk is pervasive. Nonetheless, unlike you, I decided to change my position back to being more careful after a good critique by a commenter. You've only increased your number of attacks with opposition to... anything. 6. Firewalls, as industry uses them, are a weaker form of security than high assurance guards that predated them, strong endpoint security that predated them, or even firewalls on dedicated PCI cards with more secure TCB's & I/O offloading that existed in 90's. The firewalls were easy to port, cheap to make, and often pricey to sell, though! They're regularly bypassed on endpoints and in many organizations' networks. They include almost no assurance activities, which are critical for security. A number of attacks springboarded off of them for this reason and leveraged their privileged position in the network. My position is firewalls are a filter for hackers without talent along with providers of other security or non-security functionality buyers find useful. Industry needs to switch back to guards with real assurance. And not that Linux or Solaris based crap vendors are pushing recently, either. 7. Avoid OpenSSL because every code review of it showed it to be utter crap with all kinds of issues, about the worst coders one could find, and whose reviewers could barely follow it or justify a number of things in it. Consider alternatives like MatrixSSL, PolarSSL, Cryptlib, Botan, and whatever that haven't been shown to be utter garbage yet. They might be better. Shockingly, there were still people recommending OpenSSL even as LibreSSL team dug one problem after another in the worst horror story of bad coding and security of that time. Malpractice, indeed. "I get the feeling that we do very different kinds of security." We do. You trust Windows, think such software isn't black box because people can pay millions to fully R.E. it, abandon stuff that works in a use case because someone said to without evidence, trust subversive companies because someone else said to, and so on. Lot's of faith-based activities and misrepresentations of others' comments by stripping context in a totally-unrelated discussion. My form of security says you (a) have clear requirements proven in practice to work; (b) a design that meets them with strong argument; (c) a security model that makes sense; (d) evidence you use it; (e) implementation designed for review with good layering, modularity, and interface protections; (f) strongest software and hardware protections you can use; (g) extensive testing of successful and failure states; (h) covert storage and timing channel analysis; (i) robust compilation to object code; (j) secure SCM setup; (k) independent evaluation and pentesting of these; (l) delivery of product with source & build tools with hash that matches independent evaluation; (m) preferably mutually distrusting evaluators. All this applied as much as possible from processor up or using diverse hardware with careful interfaces to counter hardware risks a bit. Yes, a lot of this was borrowed from higer EAL's and papers on high assurance processes/products. Many things like this survived NSA pentesting for years. The other approach, which you & INFOSEC industry in general recommend, has produced things with endless vulnerabilities at high severities and subversions. China, Russia, and TAO are having a field day with it all. Among others. That you all continue to promote such methods despite them having no results for decades hasn't started to make sense to me outside studies on psychology and networking effects. That industry doesn't adopt even a fraction of stronger methods is amazing despite empirical evidence and strong anecdotes showing they produce more robust systems. The industry continues to focus instead of churning out low-quality offerings and deceiving buyers on their security for the high profits involved. Keep it up, though, as black hats need the job security. Mainstream INFOSEC has always helped them with that. The oft-ignored high-assurance community will continue doing what we can and helping any willing to learn understand strong security. Although, in this thread, only the firewall point even applied to my expertise as it's a watered-down guard in terms of assurance. The others are a random assortment of comments with no supporting context given. Nonetheless, you seemed to be confused about what strong security engineering takes and I was happy to break it down for you. Have a good night. Exactly. Nada again. It's funny that you have hours to talk about your assumption and its implications over many threads without posting any evidence to support it's true. Most of the comment responded to how you implied, like now, that all kinds of people were all over it and would've seen the risk. Yet, despite mine and others warnings, they didn't see shit in all kinds of areas and even talked to us like we were stupid. TAO was using these across the world during our debates. So your assumption that "potential to discover" = "discover" is broken by the Snowden leaks, all the Windows flaws that continue to surface, the age's old UNIX flaws that pop up, the OpenSSL crap, and so on. That doesn't matter. Clearly, it being there doesn't mean people see it or share it. You said it's reverse engineered, I'm guessing dependencies and all, where we can trace the full effect of the code & see it does what they say. I've asked you have a dozen times to produce it. You still haven't. Any day now... If you were right, then the most trustworthy companies would have the most market share while offering us good EULA's. Looking at top software names, it's clear trust and success in the market place have almost nothing to do with each other. It's actually opposite with the dirtiest companies on top in most places. Negative media definitely hurts the bottom line but majority of time isn't an issue. They have PR people for that. There have always been companies that share source with customers, use stronger security tech, warranty their code, and so on. They were minority players pre-Snowden with many having left that market because so few cared. (myself included) Post-Snowden, they're still minority players with the market mostly going for whoever promises the most on their web sites & in media. Trust and security have always come 2nd (5th?) to all kinds of other criteria for buyers in the IT market. If you doubt, look at number of Facebook or Gmail users vs number using more private alternatives. People & companies sell themselves out in droves. I agree. I've been holding High Strength Attackers, as I call them, off for a while. The formula that works on software attack side is a combo of (a) strongest security engineering we have, (b) obfuscation at every level, and (c) diversity of hardware & software components with predictable interface. One simple example that worked well for years was using a hardened Linux/BSD box on a PPC behind a guard. Guard narrowed communications to app level while wiping out covert channels and modifying patterns to resemble other OS. All evidence from fingerprinting tools would suggest they're connecting to an x86 box, even Windows maybe. All their attacks, some I still don't get, failed to work on the box. Most deployments use more tricks than that. I was just amazed at how long that one went on without compromises. Used same trick for desktops with custom client-server apps. These days, I'm working on CPU's that protect pointers & code while tools randomize (i.e. diversify) the application automatically. Orange Book era solution to secure networking, email, & databases still work with minor tweaks. I use hardened client-server schemes instead of web apps to avoid... more than I can count. TEMPEST safe + 100yds of space where applicable. High assurance security = build on what we know works & eliminate anything risky where possible. Obfuscations & diversity I add as you said to just slow down our shadowy friends with deep pockets & large staff. Works well so far. "It would be surprising to me for anyone to conclude that Windows code has not been totally, and publicly, reverse engineered." The subject we were talking about was massively debated by IT people. Nobody showed up with the code to say, "Here's the reverse engineered code. We know exactly what it does." If he was right, that should've happened. Instead, all references I found to the subject by INFOSEC professionals are trying to guess what it did. So, I think it's fair to ask for a reference to slam-dunk evidence supported by reverse engineering if none is to be found with Google & nobody involved acted like it exists. Only source so far is tptacek's word. "While this is a wonderful idea, and a small handful of folks have actually done this, modern business doesn't seem to want to stand still for Category 5 maturity." I agree. It's why I don't work in high assurance security any more outside consulting, R&D, and free advice on the Internet. I'll add to your comment that this is not just for heavy-weight processes. Cleanroom & Fagan Inspections, which I used, drove the defect rate close to zero while often reducing the labor due to less time debugging & with little impact on time-to-market. The Cleanroom stuff, when apps were similar, even had statistically certifiable bug rates we used to issue warranties on code. Despite no extra time or cost, virtually no company we presented those processes to were interested in using them. Demand in IT and INFOSEC space is so against quality you can't even sell it to majority even if it makes money rather than costs it. It's that bad. "he perfectly-specified requirements (implement compression in HTTPS) could have been backed up by code proved correct, and still exhibited the flaw. Similarly for BEAST." Totally true. It's why I mention getting requirements and specs right. Even CompCert, an amazing piece of engineering, eventually had flaws during a test because the specs on very front and back ends were wrong. Other side of the coin: implementation of of all specs flawlessly implemented them with middle end having zero defects. Every other compiler, from proprietary to FOSS, had bugs throughout. So, the existence of protocol errors doesn't argue against verified software processes in any way. Just means your protocol better be as good. And if it wasn't clear, my gripes on OpenSSL were based on the commit logs of LibreSSL team commenting on each piece of code as they went through it. I'm not talking the protocol at all: just terrible coders making garbage that got widespread adoption without hardly any review. Unsurprising given my above comments on how IT market works. I'll be darned. Yes, hiring innovators is a great innovation tactic. ;) Lost much of my memory in an accident where I took severe head injury. What my brain kept it kept. What it didn't it didn't. Most stuff I hadn't used in forever went poof. Web of trust model was one of those. Some things I'd just have to straight up relearn and I'm not bothering unless I have a need given only so much memory to spare. Hope that makes sense. This is a smart move. It's essentially what the System/38 (later AS/400 & IBM i) did. They had an ISA or microcode layer that all apps were compiled to. Then, that was compiled onto whatever hardware they ran on. When IBM switched to POWER processors, the just modified that low layer to compile to POWER processors. That let them run the old apps without recompilation of their original source. They used this strategy over and over for decades. Always one to keep in mind. Going further, I think a team could get interesting results combining this with design-by-contract, typed assembly, and certified compilation. Much like verification condition generators, the compilation process would keep a set of conditions that should be true regardless of what form the code is in. By the time it gets to the lower level, those conditions & the data types can be used in the final compile to real architecture. It would preserve a context for doing safe/secure optimizations, transforms, and integration without the original source. I always thought it was just one of those arbitrary choices made by companies with massive headaches resulting. I never thought to ask anyone if there was a good reason for one or the other. You've made quite the case for big-endian. I'm saving your comment (with attribution) for the next time this comes up in discussion. ;) I appreciate the clarification. We were thinking on the same lines. IBM System/38 was truly a brilliant, integrated design in so many ways. Even had capability-security built into the hardware. Check it out at the reference below. Intel made a monster of a system too. Would love to have either on a SOC or an inexpensive server. http://homes.cs.washington.edu/~levy/capabook/index.html Well-optimized, lean apps often use cache and registers more efficiently. This brings performance boosts. That can save real $$$ on hardware or just let you do more with it. I don't think so. It's their hardware, infrastructure, and engineers hosting it. They control those things. You get the rest. Sounds like an AWS-hosted solution with some advertised advantages over other solutions. Definitely not self-hosted. Note: I think the only 3rd party thing I'd call self-hosted is colocation where I delivered the server, they plugged it in, and the most they do is reboot it for me. This work has plenty about it that was interesting. The best part to me was their answer to "why not feature X?" They said they prefer to build upon the most mature and stable technologies along with naming a few. Too many teams end up losing competitiveness by wasting precious hours debugging the latest and greatest thing that isn't quite reliable yet. Their choice is wiser and might get attention of more risk-conscious users. It's a fair viewpoint. I guess my critical point is control: control over the hardware, its software, legal rights to it, and so on. If they're in control, it's theirs. How can it be myself if outsiders control or own it? I guess a combo of philosophical and legal. That's a very pragmatic philosophy. I'm especially impressed at your unusual focus on vendor neutrality as a lack of it costs many companies millions in long run (see IBM & COBOL). Since I mostly avoid clouds, I'm not up to date on that end. I'd like to attempt your style of things as an experiment in the future, though. Do you have a resource or resources for what components, strategies, or platforms are best for the deployment you describe? Something useful for production apps, reliable, and easy to move from dedicated hardware all the way to AWS (or back if necessary). I'm sure there's other readers on my end of things that might be interested as well. I agree. That's either an advantage or another opportunity for modern IT to learn from the past. Those old systems were full of so many tricks they're still outclassing modern efforts in some ways haha. Interesting enough, Tcl was one of the past's most versatile tools. We used it in agent-oriented programming in 90's where code could move from place to place to cut data bill. Sandboxes were built for it. Tcl was also used in AOLserver and a related web framework before that became a fad. So, the author's point that Tcl is an option for high-performance event driven apps was proven when the highest traffic site in the world ran on it. I think we have something better today in about every area due to inherent properties of Tcl and labor invested in other solutions. Yet, Tcl delivered plenty in the past, apparently still can, and has potential for people using that sort of thing. The main potential, though, is portability and future-proofing. Tcl is so ridiculously simple that it's been implemented on about every OS and architecture. That's batteries included due to all the existing code and ActiveState's development tools. People can extend live apps, run shell scripts, configure networks, and so on all using the same (or a similar) language. Any change in underlying platform just requires porting the (simple) lower layers. Makes Tcl a powerful future-proofing option if used judiciously. Exactly. Any good development process and software architecture must be responsive to change without enduring huge problems trying. You mean in theory it will happen. I think the real question is, "Does it work in practice?" We'd have to look at software like these to see how many got forked versus similar software with repo's and such. My guess: I bet it does work for a good many of them because of developers being too lazy to go through the trouble. If the functionality is useful enough, then it won't work because the maintenance is easier than duplicating their work. Still, I'm not sure of the value in doing this kind of thing. The licensing schemes where you can't use the projects name in derivatives made sense: poor knockoffs can hurt image and adoption. Yet, people not wanting code to be used so easily probably shouldn't be open licensing it in the first place. These people are weird lol... Gernot Heiser states it here: https://microkerneldude.wordpress.com/2008/04/03/microkernel... Their highly-efficient microkernel has been doing so well that most people using it don't know it's in their smartphones. Do most virtualization solutions have a similar impact on user experience? ;) Tanenbaum cited QNX in Round 2 of the microkernel debate between he and Linus. It's had all sorts of great traits for a long time. It also had plenty of development time and a rip-off open source model to give it capabilities. Like Tanenbaum said in his paper, Minix 3 has had a small amount of core developers working on it for a relatively short amount of time. There's no way Minix 3 will trump QNX with such small resources and I doubt they planned to. It's more a start on building something using better engineering principles that might eventually become a great alternative to other UNIX's and Linux. An AIX admin claimed it could do a live update of even kernel code without a reboot. The solution for most others is clustering, needed to deal with hardware risk anyway. OpenVMS clusters have reportedly gone 20+ years without system downtime. Individual instances needed reboots so little that admins occasionally forgot how to do that. So, yes, there's precedents in other operating systems according to their users. Note: And as far as OpenVMS, I believe it because those designers built it like their job depended on it not failing. A cluster of that OS shouldn't experience any significant downtime given about everything I've ever read on it. That makes sense. It has been done before to a degree. For inspiration, look at Net Integrators Nitix appliance [1]. A UNIX system that was easier to configure, self-managing, largely auto-configed, partly self-healing, automatic backups, HA support, had most applications and a UI to integrate their configuration. It was selling well despite being priced above most SOHO servers. As often with good tech, a big firm (IBM) gobbled it up and rolled the tech into their own stack (Lotus). A stack like you describe with good traits of Nitix-like solutions could be great for businesses not wanting much IT overhead. Might spread like wild fire so long as you don't sell out or balk over patent suits. [1] http://www.pcmag.com/article2/0,2817,1734766,00.asp That's funny. I swear I've considered just buying up a boatload of used Alpha and Itanium machines to keep a VMS cluster going another decade. Put a guard in front of it to block any attacks due to its age or protocols. People might laugh but my stuff would stay running no matter what. Example below: http://h71000.www7.hp.com/openvms/brochures/commerzbank/comm... Notice how the Intel hardware all failed when things heated up a bit. The AlphaServers running VMS just kept chugging along. The eventual fail-over didn't loose a single transaction. Aggravates me that I can't easily obtain such reliable IT hardware/software anymore outside eBay. I mean, HP NonStop sure as hell doesn't have a hobbyist program with used servers for $130. ;) Yeah they have huge problems which QNX itself can't begin to fix. Yet, the Blackberry Playbook (running on QNX) totally screamed in performance and responsiveness in the tests against the iPad. Showed how smart a decision they made to use a proper RTOS for their devices. I gave product manager props for the decision. I think they should stick to their strong suit and build on strengths in business world. Collaboration, integration with legacy stuff, bake in more security than iPhone/Android, and so on. Build services on top of that like IBM does with all their stuff. And so on. The thing I like best about Tannenbaum's videos is that the dude is a great presenter. Funny too. You just don't get bored easily. We might get more outreach on some of these topics if presenters in those areas dress it up better. Wow! That is impressive. I appreciate the tip on those. " I still look around for Sun Ultra kit now and then but the wife has other ideas because it's noisy and expensive to run." The battle that never goes away. Haha. This is why you need a basement or soundproofed room for that stuff. That's on my todo list for next house. I agree. Aside from project's reason, there's one very good reason to re-implement a bunch of stuff in Rust: testing whether it delivers. It's being pushed as a safer, better systems language. So, let's take many different C/C++ apps, rewrite them in Rust, and see what the results are across many metrics. By the end of it, we should know Rust's strengths and weaknesses in real-world coding. That's a pretty sad result to get from 128 cores. I've seen amateur Beowulf clusters get better results. The project might have simply been the result of the "revolving door:" military people ensuring big profits for defense contractors who pay them high salaries as "advisors" later. Most of these projects that appear to be failures are actually successes of theft from taxpayer. Article on this below with examples: http://www.counterpunch.org/2014/02/11/the-best-government-m... On the technology front, I was about to suggest they use Field Programmable RF to help solve this and then look what I find: http://finance.yahoo.com/news/altera-lime-microsystems-demon... That's a common problem. I griped about their mandating CORBA for use with separation kernels. I figured we could do something simpler like Sun's XDR, a stronger ASN.1, or JSON. Make a tool to autogen import or export code. Not happening. Meanwhile, Galois built a high assurance version of ASN.1 and ZeroMQ has shown CORBA for the outdated garbage it is. Had mandates not existed, the contractors would've probably been able to pick these right up to get their benefits and do certified implementations. But it's the military... That's a common problem. I griped about their mandating CORBA for use with separation kernels. I figured we could do something simpler like Sun's XDR, a stronger ASN.1, or JSON. Make a tool to autogen import or export code. Not happening. Meanwhile, Galois built a high assurance version of ASN.1 and ZeroMQ has shown CORBA for the outdated garbage it is. Had mandates not existed, the contractors would've probably been able to pick these right up to get their benefits and do certified implementations. But it's the military... I appreciate your comment. Yeah, you can often tell how brilliant a solution is when you kick yourself for how obvious it sounds afterwards. I hope to see this stuff get widespread deployment. Two things to take away for coding in general: clever CRC trick; dedicated optimization programmer. These might benefit other projects in the future. That was a fun read. An insane solution I probably wouldn't have attempted. Impressed that they threw together a C++ parser and translator that worked that well in such a limited time. Oh my. That's a treat. Did someone forget to tell these people that the performance from more nodes is supposed to scale in the other direction? Lol. A classic. Bell's Looking Back Addendum [1] also traces the beginning of high assurance security market (their solution) and how DOD/NSA totally killed it. I specialized in extending such high assurance systems or approaches to handle modern problems. That market is gone, though, thanks to DOD/NSA policies to use low assurance systems and even pushing them. Post-Snowden, it's fair to wonder if it was mismanagement or intentional that they marketed low assurance alternatives (eg DTW, MDDS) to the kinds of OS's and guards they couldn't beat with 2-5 years of pentesting (esp Boeing SNS Server). Yet, I think I can say we all focused too much on the OS and software security side of things despite what we accomplished. As Brian Snow noted, we're really just trying to implement forms of isolation on machines designed for pervasive sharing (read: insecurity). It's why I counterpointed Geer here [2] saying our software security crisis isn't inevitable: we just need to use hardware and tools that make secure software easier to write. I gave examples from the past of many security-improving features systems had, including immunity to code injection via app attack. Fortunately, at least a few groups (esp DARPA/NSF sponsored) took notice and are working on such architectures today. [1] http://lukemuehlhauser.com/wp-content/uploads/Bell-Looking-B... [2] https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2014/04/dan_geer_on_h... Compile your PDF viewer with Softbound [1], load a stripped Linux LiveCD containing it on disposable machine, download PDF with sandboxed browser to RAMdisk, and load with that viewer in a sandbox. Only so much they can do at that point. Use a non-Intel, non-ARM processor to throw them off further. Hand-type into trusted computer any insights you glean from the PDF. A lot of work just to safely read a PDF from the enemy, eh? [1] http://www.cs.rutgers.edu/~santosh.nagarakatte/softbound/ That they have to defend the nation is a common misconception. They were only legally required to protect the COMSEC of military. This was extended to protect defense contractors as well. They don't have to protect the rest of us and have a conflict of interest against doing it. They'll provide some support (e.g. SELinux, "secure" configs) but ensure they can bypass it. If you find our field's history interesting, then I have more good stuff. The Ware Report [1] was what started it. An interesting read to look back at them looking forward and see how close they got. Foundations [2] were then laid. Schaefer summarizes [3] all this from start to the failed finish. Capability-security model [4] and tagged systems [5] happened in parallel. Both seem more appropriate to commercial systems. Enough time brought me to real problem [6] and our tiny niche is working on solutions from chip up for every security model. Hopefully someone will put one in production in next several years. CheriBSD already runs on FPGA's & Linux runs on some. Getting really close to PC's we can trust [a bit more]. :) [1] http://seclab.cs.ucdavis.edu/projects/history/papers/ware70.... [2] http://seclab.cs.ucdavis.edu/projects/history/seminal.html [3] https://www.acsac.org/2004/papers/ClassicPaperSchafer.pdf [4] http://homes.cs.washington.edu/~levy/capabook/ [5] http://www.smecc.org/The%20Architecture%20%20of%20the%20Burr... [6] https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2014/04/dan_geer_on_h... The old school methods are often easier. ;) They're in the Bell link. One is an MLS workstation and one streams information out to many nodes. Both demand high security given their use case. Both are EAL4 garbage despite high assurance components available. He goes into more detail. You're one of only two people I've met that worked on one of the exemplar systems. I appreciate you sharing a few pieces of the puzzle. For instance, I have KSOS's architecture but didn't know it was written in Modula. I have papers on most of the others (incl little known ASOS). Also, confirming that NSA preferred crypto on dedicated boxes (eg LOCK's SIDEARM). Two issues, though. One, the NSA rarely builds any secure product: they contract them out instead while providing security engineering assistance. That includes most Type 1 products, guards, and even most components of EKMS. There's very few things in high security market that they built themselves. Worse, many like "High Assurance" Platform aren't high assurance by a long shot. This brings me to two. Bell pointed out that what made high assurance market successful was a clear set of standards plus an expected return on investment. Companies lined up to build secure versions of everything. He claimed that changed when NSA started competing with vendors directly under MISSI on top of export issues. An already risky market turned into almost total risk and no reward. So, it imploded with the entrenched defense contractors and their few products being all that's left. So NSA and DOD policy are as much to blame as the market given they (a) are only one with power to force market to build secure stuff and (b) made sure it went away. I think the biggest failure, though, was not focusing on hardware. DARPA is focusing on it this time. I think the best thing we can do is find, like with CHERI or hardware Control-flow Integrity, a technology that stops most critical attacks with low overhead and compatibility with legacy software. The government can give taxpayer grants to hardware companies like Intel/AMD, legacy software vendors such as Microsoft/Oracle, and mainframe builders (esp IBM & Unisys) to incorporate the stuff into their hardware and software. If done right, most of the software just needs a recompile with only the assembler or lowest level things needing to be changed by hand. This seems to be the most promising approach given the market will not spontaneously do high security or give up backward compatibility. In parallel, we do clean-slate architectures like SAFE that inherently and efficiently enforce arbitrary security policies at the word level. Like old LISP or Burroughs machines, might target a language like Java or C# to them where all software can be written in same high-level language executed natively. New deployments and security appliances build on these types of systems. Careful interfaces between the legacy-supporting and clean-slate systems make up the overall IT infrastructure. NSA always sponsored information assurance work due to their Information Assurance Directorate's mission to protect COMSEC of military and defense contractors. They helped invent the INFOSEC field in an attempt to secure military machines. Military organizations and NSA sponsored many projects to demonstrate clean-slate secure systems (eg Aesec's GEMSOS), improve existing ones (eg Trusted OS's), and protect specific types of applications (eg SeaView RDBMS). The Bell paper above and Shaefer paper below trace it all the best. Anyway, the market went with insecure everything for price, performance, and backward compatibility. DOD/NSA even started buying insecure stuff for similar reasons. NSA's export restrictions and focus on military-like standards made most of the vendors go belly up or cancel future work. Now, only Boeing SNS Server, BAE XTS-400, and Aesec's GEMSOS remain from that time along with the "Trusted" OS's that weren't secure to begin with. SELinux, DTW, High Assurance Platform (not high assurance), and so on are their latest trend of putting good security "features" into COTS technology without the "assurance" that they're built securely. Even before Snowden leaks, I called out their INFOSEC people for doing more for the enemy than our security pushing garbage like that. Today, I wonder if they did it on purpose. Regardless, their stuff can't be trusted without thorough review because of so much incompetence. The best work (eg CheriBSD) is coming out of DARPA, NSF, and other projects. So we don't need NSA anyway. :) This has always been true. It's why they have DOD-certified fabs in country to build plenty of stuff on. The A1 systems also anticipated interdiction by requiring trusted distribution (aka "trusted trucks"). Most of the subversion in the hardware market, though, is tricky ways to disguise what circuitry does for competitive advantage and avoiding patent fees. ;) Clive Robinson and I came up with the same solution to this problem: running same software on several different hardware with voting protocol. This is used in safety-critical market where you need redundancy. I modified the scheme so that different teams implemented the same spec in a compatible way on hardware that came from different countries. My model is mutually suspicious countries that work against each other too much to cooperate on a backdoor. Secrets might leak to any of them but integrity can at least be protected. Far as plugging leaks, air gap strategies plus high assurance guards built on cheap boards they probably didn't backdoor. Especially old microcontrollers, UNIX servers, gaming systems with Linux ports, and so on. Keep using different stuff with simple, protected interfaces. They can't hit what they can't see. Appreciate the details. I knew it was a demo but not that it was that budget. The use was a guard for communications or mail, wasn't it? re abstract vs implementation More evidence for the claim by many lesson learned papers in formal methods: people doing specs/proofs should work closely with implementers and in parallel where possible. That way issues spotted one place get to the other quickly. Better compromises, too. Neat that it helped with the file system, too. re verification tools Yeah, that sounds as painful as I expected. The only one I read on in that time was Gypsy and attempts to convert it to Ada. The proofs were done by hand in most. Every paper had researchers griping about the tools. Main benefit those tools gave, per users, was making verification easier just because the prover's needs (and weaknesses) forced simplification of specs. Did your projects see at least that benefit? re DARPA That's my impression. The consensus at the time was on a security kernel approach. It's what all the A1 and B3 systems used. They learned a lot from their endless Mach-related projects but the drawbacks (esp performance) were too great. Personally, I think it was the hardware context-switch performance & message passing overhead holding them back. Users wanted power, performance, and price without much worry for security. Naturally, they built on BSD. And now one of DARPA's best, CheriBSD, is a port of FreeBSD to the capability-secure CHERI processor. They finally learned to be practical, eh? ;) Thanks for the tip! Microsoft shipped Word without knowing an entire game was hidden in it. One bug slipping by is even easier. ;) I encouraged game developers in the past to use static analysis tools to help iron out more bugs. It's great to see Unreal Engine taking that step. A big name like this will hopefully inspire others to take the same step. I'm sure it's an interesting book. My experience with logic programming, though, is that functional or high-level imperative programming are just easier to do real-world apps with. Anyone wanting to take a stab at logic programming might want to try Mercury [1], the most practical one. A common approach from AI days was implementing Prolog in a more complete language where you could use either depending on benefits. Allegro CL does this [2]. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mercury_%28programming_languag... [2] http://franz.com/products/allegro-common-lisp/acl_prolog.lht... There were three things that really did it for me: powerful macro's + language designed to be easily macro'd; incremental compilation; updating live code. The macro's let me extend it however I liked. OOP was invented? Add a library. Aspects? Add a library. Type-checking? Add a library. In each case, the language itself transforms to more effectively use the approach with much zero-overhead potential given the transforms are usually at compile-time. I had DSL's for common things such as GUI's, state-machines, and databases. Let me do so much with so little work while having consistency across the whole thing. The second was incremental compilation. I was an imperative programmer and mostly used that style. Languages such as C++ interrupt one's mental flow with long compile cycles. Interactive languages, especially scripting, tended to be too slow in production. LISP let me compile individual functions in a fraction of a second after writing them. Think, type, hit button, examine results, and repeat. The flow stays there and you just keep pumping out more of your solution. That my main DSL was compatible with a C++ subset meant I could just autogenerate that at the end to benefit from its compilers or portability. Otherwise, I stayed in LISP. The third thing was something that I tried with C/C++. Self-modifying code for AI and security applications was one use. Another was updating apps live. LISP made both pretty easy. The program ran as an instance while you made it in certain development environments. You were in a way always working with a live program. Also, you could drop a member variable in a class definition and all running instances of that class would loose it. Just like that. So easy to change while being able to compile to fast code with type & safety level declarations. So, it was a language that could do anything I want it to do, allow rapid iterations at max flow, and even change running systems if they weren't good enough. Still haven't felt this full effect in other languages. The old LISP machines went further [1] in that they could take you to any problem in the app or OS right at the source code without crashing. Like LISP apps, you can inspect the issue, modify the code of the running system, optionally modify the instance, and proceed how you wanted to. Still waiting for that feature in Windows or Linux development. ;) [1] http://www.symbolics-dks.com/Genera-why-1.htm Check out OSkit [1]. It was designed for people experimenting in OS's who might not want to reimplement all the low-level crap like memory management. It's been used in high-level language OS's from LISP to ML. [1] http://www.cs.utah.edu/flux/oskit/ Ahh, the parts I read make more sense now that you told me the goal. I did do work in program synthesis, although we called it "automatic programming." Best of it is in ASIC development right now. I'm keeping this just because you said that. Might help someone working in the field who asks what resources I have on that topic. I have no idea. I discovered this researching secure OS work such as Flask. It does have plenty of documentation [1]. Maybe that will help you. [1] http://www.cs.utah.edu/flux/oskit/html/oskit-www.html That's awesome stuff! Thanks for the link. I'll have to do some more research on this stuff. Neat that it has it! I'm guessing the compilers got better with the modern game consoles? They should be great for latest since it's just multi-core x86. Regarding engine simulation, that's a trip that it was useful enough mechanics were using it. Kind of disturbing they were using it though... Yeah, precalculation is kind of the goto way to deal with this sort of things for many resource- or performance-constrained systems. Always worth remembering. I looked up the game on eBay. I can't get a consistent price because everyone starts at $10 and works down from there. Still worth somewhere from $1-9 plus shipping. Your worst project is at least helping people with bill money. Not the worst outcome. ;) TEMPEST is the security standard for Emanation Security (EMSEC). They keep most of the details classified because they use emanation attacks in the field and they don't want shielding spreading too far. Yet, you can see what these systems look like on the web sites: List of certified companies https://www.nsa.gov/applications/ia/tempest/tempestPOCsCerti... CIS Secure Computing TEMPEST gear http://cissecure.com/products/ Advanced Programs Inc TEMPEST gear http://advprograms.com/ Gene Hackman's "office" in Enemy of the State seems more useful all the time. :) I'll keep an archive of that just in case. The approach described doesn't seem right, though. My old AI work suggested the best approach to this problem may be combination of these: patterns for common design specs and their implementations; constraints and constraint solving techniques for narrowing things down; heuristics for optimizations and unusual implementation situations. You give bare-bones of the design with some declarations about calling-convention, safety, ranges, data structures, and so on. The software fills in the blanks. Easier to describe than to do. Yet, there are already tool-sets that auto-generate a lot of code and you could say functional language compilers do that to a large degree. Could start with them and just add smarts/constraints. I'm sure there's people doing that right now somewhere. It's been tried repeatedly without the browser makers' cooperation. It would be nice. The best I saw (for your entertainment) was the Juice [1] project that replaced Java applets (potentially Javascript) with Oberon. Leveraged fact that Oberon is a safe, compiles fast, runs fast, type of language. Combining that with good interface protection between it and the browser plus isolation would get us way more efficient web apps. Possibly more secure, too. [1] http://www.modulaware.com/mdlt69.htm I'll add to your comment that light sensitivity in general is a known issue with many people (eg autistics). They actually feel pain from seeing lights that are too bright including lots of sunlight or artificial light. So, one or more of these people might have this condition. I used to use Sun XDR [1] for this reason. Pushed Juice [2] applets briefly while they existed with efficiency neither JS nor Java delivered. Other benefits authors didn't see, too. Plus, client-server or P2P architecture with native code gave me performance, portability, and security benefits Web can't deliver. Whole Web is ridiculously inefficient. Even in 90's, there were better architectures [3] to choose from. It's unsurprising that "Web" companies such as Facebook have moved back to Internet apps where possible (esp mobile) and often avoid vanilla Internet/Web protocols within their datacenters. There's better stuff in every area. Here's to hoping that more of it gets mainstreamed. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/External_Data_Representation [2] ftp://ftp.cis.upenn.edu/pub/cis700/public_html/papers/Franz97b.pdf [3] http://www.cs.vu.nl/~philip/globe/ Seems we were thinking along the same lines with XDR. However, all the scaling problems have shown us every little inefficiency in our stacks can add up as load increases. Best to replace them with better stuff where possible. Text with binary, for example. HTTP's overhead & TCP/IP unpredictability with a UDT variant is another. Good points. I used them as a text data structure in the past. Saying the parser was easy to write is an understatement: years of papers and code from LISP/Scheme community had done it dozens of times. Even in hardware. We used it for architecture-neutral data format and mobile code for agent-oriented programming. Fun times. I've considered going back to that in custom designs. It's just that Galois built a high assurance ASN.1 parser, INRIA has a verified parser generator, and ZeroMQ is pretty solid. Too many neat things to consider these days... haha That's hilarious. Strange enough, there's people in the country without access to fast Internet that would've appreciate proposals like this to shave much time off their email downloads. So long as the client automatically decompresses the message during viewing. I think we can settle for a more conventional algorithm for that, though. ;) There's been many highly-secure virtualization prototypes or production systems that leveraged tiny kernels with minimally-complex trusted software. Kernel-mode code for modern ones was around 10Kloc. On a virtualizable architecture, this is way easier to do than a whole OS given the complexity of the latter. Plus, it's best to entrust the best security engineers and software engineers to build it with similar to certify it rather than "a worldwide collection of software engineers" unqualified for the job. Right people, right tools, right architecture, and right processes for knocking out defects. That's what it takes. Virtualization's well-studied enough to tackle it. Only one's trying in FOSS that I'm aware of are L4 community: esp TU Dresden Nizza architecture w/ L4 Linux, OK Labs OKL4/seL4 / OK Linux, and GenodeOS on Nova microhypervisor or OKL4. Google separation kernel, Nizza and Genode architectures to see what I mean. It's happened before: Ada Secure Operating System, LISP machines, Pascal machines, BiiN, System/38, Oberon System, and so on. It's why I love online comments speculating about whether it's possible to use a type-safe or memory-safe language to write a full OS. Lol. I try to remind them of what's been done before enough so hopefully they'll try to do it again. I agree a modern take supporting mainstream deployment tech would be a great advance. The language itself might need to be modern. They'll reject Ada, LISP, etc. I liked JX just because there were many Java developers plus various verification tech on Java subsets. Figured Java-2-native was only shot before Rust, Go, and SWIFT showed up. Things are indeed starting to happen. :) I think it's interesting work with performance tradeoff and such. I've even used this same approach at the library level where some are optimized for speed and some safety depending on app they're integrated with. Yet, there's two things going against it for system protection: (a) OS's have so many potential vulnerabilities and covert channels that it's best to isolate them entirely into a protection domain with careful interfaces to other partitions; (b) the protection schemes on code, hardware or software, have gotten much better than the limited guarantees this scheme offers with performance hit that we can live with. Regarding (b), they even referenced one (SVA-OS) I considered building a medium-assurance design on. Softbound for full, C memory safety is also interesting and Control Pointer Integrity if you have segments. Many interesting tech for turning exploits into mere exceptions or things that don't compile in the first place. Also many tech's for isolating all that mess in a box with low overhead and easier-to-check interface protection. I'd rather take a combination of those than a split kernel. I was going to suggest looking at FLINT certifying compiler and VeriML but with CakeML on your page you probably already know about these. I still have a suggestion to think on that I've only seen a bit of: macro-assembler for verification. Have a concept for it. Like Hyde's High Level Assembler, you create constructs (eg control flow or array operators) useful for implementing programs or say a compiler. You verify their implementation in such a way where people can just call a function and your code converts it directly into equivalent machine code. These can be composed into other routines where provers or analysis tools can more easily argue about the resulting properties. There's also a reuse aspect. On other end, one uses an ML-like language, SPARK Ada, or something designed for easy verification to specify and test the behavior of the software. Like FLINT or Cleanroom, one breaks it down into functions amendable to analysis or verification. Those functions' implementations are done in a way that can straight-forward albeit tediously written in the verified, macro-asm. Human review and test-centered equivalence checking argues correspondence at first with formal methods later if desired. Run verified asm toolchain on it to get a correctness argument that your app's source equals machine code. If your app is a compiler, you will have many more without hand-doing the macro-asm and a bunch of verified macro's to use in next app. ;) What do you think about macro-asm + formal methods for verified component construction ground up + top down? Any potential you see? Note: My scheme was inspired by both VLISP and Wirth's Lilith machine. VLISP implemented PreScheme first then used it to implement the full software. Wirth implemented a more ideal processor ISA, M-code, that represented things like stack operations with perfect Modula-2 compatibility. He then did a Modula-2 to M-Code compiler with the rest of the software written in Modula-2 w/ M-code for acceleration. For both systems, raising the machine level up a notch reduced their overall work and made the source more consistent throughout. I totally agree on MirageOS. Very exciting work applying good principles to the container concept. Work that's gotten noticed and might get used widespread one day. A situation so rare it's worth a toast to them! Lol. Thanks for the book. Unlike most UNIX fans, he's unusually honest in his critiques of it and even references material from UNIX Hater's Handbook haha. His comparisons to other OS's are fair except for the robustness of VMS: main reason many companies kept using it despite its uncertainty. Downloading it to re-read and see if I find some more enlightenment as a system designer. Nonetheless, the specific examples show the UNIX system contradicted many of the supposedly "UNIX" principles. The article seems a bit revisionist in a pro-UNIX way in that sense. Unsurprising. Saying that these are modern UNIX principles might be more fair. Yet, Kemp's article inspires doubt in even that: http://queue.acm.org/detail.cfm?id=2349257 Easy: a number of microkernel-based systems today actually have the properties UNIX pretends to. And to the core. Great article. A good move. I think one of the reasons the method is successful is that it asks applicants to keep it real. The traditional channels want people to come off a certain way. People also know about their filtering rate. So, the incentive for them is to tell companies what they want to hear and in a way that conveys unreliable information. Seems your example changed the incentives, got useful information in return, and that led to a positive result. Unsurprising in hindsight. I'm going to send your article to a few people to see if I can get any to try that approach. Appreciate the link. They did a clean-slate redesign with better usage and backward compatibility. Excellent work. Did the same as JustSomeNobody for same reason. We did a ton of stuff without Javascript in late 90's and even automated lots of it. Even did menus without it (see dynamicdrive.com). Now even basic blog entries need it to prevent a messed up experience. "Progress." (sighs) Least it's a lot faster & better on the sites that actually need it. :) Another reader posted this Linux. It's filesystem is truly a 180. Plus backward compatible. http://www.gobolinux.org/?page=at_a_glance Maybe this might help: http://westhouseit.co.uk/tech-blog/how-to-fix-firefox-search... That much I'll go with. I have NoScript. I click on a Nigerian site and see nothing but a whole list of scripts? I'll pass... Keep at it! You're off to a great start. :) He is right. If you modify and distribute GPL code, whatever changes you made have to be distributed with it in source code form. The BSD licensed code doesn't have this restriction, which is why it's used in place of GPL for those not wanting to redistribute their source. Maybe use that in the future for such things. For now, if you're app forks GPL code, you have to release the source, pull it, or hope nobody cares. Good to start noticing these little, but important, things early to develop good habits. It will get worse for people given they are a top surveillance state that's deployed NSA-inspired tech widely. The people I know over there work hard to maintain a semblance of privacy to share their views. It's still not as bad as a lot of places, though. One of the things strengthening the government's power in these cases is that they tell me Singaporean culture embraces government as a caretaker of sorts. Comes with good and bad. Most are more likely to be hurt by employers that exploit the heck out of them. I commonly hear about people working long shifts for next to no pay with overtime expected. Labor violations go overlooked by authorities too often. Kind of like the American situation pre-regulations and lawsuits. Hope their situation gets a bit better overtime as it did in some countries. And Snowden leaks explicitly endorse one and implicitly endorse the other. All I needed for confirmation of what I should use. Anything wanting to be better should build on the good properties of PGP while not possessing the drawbacks. Highly secure messaging, email, and Internet services has a long history in military and defense sector with issues well-understood. I mention here [1] the framework I used in high assurance security engineering. The system must be built using strongest engineering techniques with the right requirements. It must run on an endpoint with specialist security engineering techniques resistant to talented hackers. The protocols, parsers, networking stacks, and so on must be carefully implemented to prevent problems. Modern attackers are hitting various firmware, too, so protection is needed from devices. Then, we must be sure the software displayed to us for all this is what's actually running, on non-subverted hardware, and with non-malicious insiders. The whole thing is beyond tricky to the point that no hosted service is rated to high security in any honest way (eg outside hand-waiving arguments). The only proven model has standalone apps (eg PGP, Nexor Sentinel) acting as proxies between trusted mail/messaging apps and untrusted side. Ideally, user-controlled, vetted code handles secrets with untrusted side (eg Internet host) simply a transport or storage layer that has no influence on endpoint or security past availability. The trusted software must also run on strong endpoints that don't run any other risky software. Given target market, that disqualifies most users of email and messaging software in general. So, about this one. It seems to not meet many of these requirements and its users don't either. That puts it in Low-Medium assurance category where it might still be helpful against regular black hats, snoops, and attackers without 0-days in what their users have. That will necessarily require decent design & implementation. I commend them on having it pen-tested & open-sourced for review to that effect. Meanwhile, users wanting to increase resistance to High Strength Attackers should use air gapped, hardened NIX boxes with GPG or Markus Ottela's Tinfoil Chat. Snowden leaks showed using GPG correctly, esp with Tor correctly, gave NSA hell. Markus has also improved TFC many times in response to our critiques to the point that many attack vectors are impossible, risk is lower in others, and endpoint risks are possibly lower than all solutions if right hardware is used. Still work to be done but he's way ahead of the competition. Note: I second rossjudson that the site, although with beautiful artwork, should be redesigned so it's clear what the app does without a lot of digging. I've seen competing apps where they were clear on the specifics upfront while still not drowning readers in technical detail. The technical detail was a link or so away if I needed it. Right not, it looks too much like a marketing team's work. [1] https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2013/01/essay_on_fbi-... Most of them use risky web tech, insecure endpoints, hosting (always risky), or developers/servers under risk of coercion by major nation-states in surveillance game. All untrustworthy. My main post above outlines what it takes to make a strong assurance argument and let's just say there's few that can do it. Their time is also expensive . My temporary solution is to combine endpoint encryption (eg GPG), MyKolab for address/storage, air gaps, and a guard. The MyKolab account gets me Swiss storage with associated legal protection & lack of clever Google-style snooping. I assume the servers are compromised along with messages. To deal with those threats, people send me either GPG messages or otherwise encrypted files. For protection, I can download them to a disposable, hardened PC; send them through a guard or data diode for reading; use a separate computer for writing and signing with a data diode. This is Markus Ottela's architecture for Tinfoil Chat. His diodes with separate PC's are simpler than my guards with KVM-connected PC's. So I recommend it his way these days. You can swap out MyKolab for any other service for delivery or storage. You just have to make sure they're totally untrusted, incoming messages can't compromise your keys, and keys/secrets can't leak out. Tricky stuff for any of these developers. TFC already does this. I suggest these people modify its latest incarnation to do email (maybe apply GPG), find any other flaws it has, and improve on docs/distribution. Will get more mileage. I upvoted him because I could see the problem immediately. There were a lot things said but with little real information for comparison to other things. Had to dig around the site a bit before that. A number of these new offerings have this problem. Compare to this product [1] where I know at a glance exactly what the thing does with enough specifics to begin mental comparisons and know what its likely strengths/weaknesses are. Anyone doing reviews would benefit if the new stuff was that clear at a glance. [1] http://www.symantec.com/desktop-email-encryption/ Note: Not endorsing the above product. It was search result with good description. Your service, on the other hand, operates in one of the Five Eyes countries by their own citizens. Thats risky to many. Further, it's a web service (easier to attack) with a ToS that's immunizes you from about any negative event. I did like the privacy policy but above things add up to plenty risk some competing solutions don't have. Personally, I'd like to see a thorough look at existing and new providers to do a point-by-point analysis of such strengths and weaknesses of each. It's work worth a government grant or something. This is a problem that goes way back. Look at Burroughs B5000, System/38, KeyKOS, VMS clustering, NonStop... all architectures that prevented or easily recovered from all sorts of problems. Market almost always chose against them with only two still marketable. There are currently inexpensive CPU's, esp embedded PPC, supporting lock-step along with high reliability OS's. Avoided in most deployments even for important systems. The old security engineering techniques of specifying all good/bad states, simplified implementation, non-bypassable TCB's, covert channel analysis, use of guards, and so on have been largely ignored in security industry despite empirical evidence of their benefit. Tiny niche in defense & safety-critical, as author says, that still knows some of this stuff. Example [1]. Everything mainstream, proprietary or false, just seems thrown together for a variety of reasons with few exceptions. Even stuff that needs to be better doesn't get that way. Further, I'm not even sure most have ever heard of the approaches that work: can't even get a good start without a good foundation to build on. I think the only solution will be a killer app needing resilience that does its thing right, uses all the right techniques, is affordable, is easily extended, and creates awareness of good engineering practices when people try to imitate it. I can't see anything else working. Btw HN readers, regarding Byzantine etc, the linked document shows Boeing's Survivable Spread leveraged a trusted component to reduce fault-tolerance cost f+1 replicas for f failures minus a few use cases. Do any readers up-to-date on FT research know of advances in past few years for similarly minimal-cost schemes for FT or BFT? [1] http://www.dtic.mil/dtic/tr/fulltext/u2/a425566.pdf Mass market IT tech has been hacker heaven so far but better stuff isn't making many inroads. All these desktop, cloud, etc offerings don't have a hope of stopping determined attackers. Knowing this, industry mostly focuses on reducing risk, detection, recovery, etc. Honeynets are another great tool that's under-utilized in mainstream industry. They make the right assumption (they'll get in), the right goal (let's spot it), and add extra benefit (real damage maybe averted). With that in mind, I'm liking what I see in the article. A true pro building on honeynet tech while maxing out ease of use and knocking out false positives. That last part is huge if he gets it right: too many just make people ignore the alarms. I look forward to seeing what it achieves in the field. Like the names, too: Deception Stack, Maze Runner... good stuff haha. Outside the mainframes, the survivors are IBM i (System/38 descendant), HP NonStop, Boeing SNS Server, BAE's STOP OS on XTS-400/500, and maybe Aesec's GEMSOS. That's not many... And B5000 blew my mind as well: so far ahead of its time then, even now somewhat, that I can't see how they came up with it given designs of the time. Must have had a time machine that gave them brief glimpses into the future of computer science or at least one real wizard on the team. Occam's Razor is clearly no fun here. ;) The System/38 architecture was also brilliantly designed in that it chose right tradeoffs to have much robustness plus being very practical. Both described here [1] in detail with others. There are new projects copying some of the lessons learned such as Sandia Secure Processor (SSP/Score), SAFE (crash-safe.org), CHERI (Cambridge), and quite a number of academic/proprietary works. I suggested on Schneier's blog we could do what Geer thought was impossible by straight up copying the old NonStop architecture (published in detail) while swapping legacy CPU's for security-enhanced variants like above w/ extra I/O security. Five 9's, linear scaling, immunity to most attacks, and support for higher-level languages. I'll take 10! In theory, it might get down to a few grand a unit for each logical processor with careful management of development costs & sacrificing multicore for first generation. Be a nice root of trust for other systems security, administration, and recovery needs. [1] http://homes.cs.washington.edu/~levy/capabook/index.html [2] https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2014/04/dan_geer_on_h... Btw, look at the Flex article and its links. It was some wild stuff. I'd love to see efforts to do a modern take on it with top security engineering principles used. All fitting in on SOC and cheap board, for instance. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flex_machine Exactly. I'll add that we keep seeing obvious vulnerabilities in open source code that go back years. Hence my essay on different types of Source Sharing and Review that shows the actual assurance is in the review not source sharing agreement. Hard to assess how much review any given FOSS got and obviously harder for most proprietary. Sometimes impossible for both. https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2014/05/friday_squid_... I appreciate the correction. Edited the comment to reflect that. Weird how the field is fragmented enough that I can go through hundreds of INFOSEC papers (ACM, IEEE, conferences) without seeing hardly anything on honeynets then you see a flood of them in the sources you read. I expect a certain amount of this due to specialization but I think INFOSEC innovation is way too scattered compared to some fields. People end up missing key findings. It's why I keep toying with the idea of a unified resource for INFOSEC professionals of all these fields. Collection of papers by category, tools, wikis, forum, and so on. Free or cheap to avoid exclusion the way ACM/IEEE/Springer end up causing. The wisdom of our field would be passed down more easily, all stuff in one category would be there with authors maybe discussing it, and different types of researchers would have higher chance of bumping into each other for cross-disciplinary advances. Pretty idealist, I know, but would be great if pulled off. Epstein at NSF liked the idea but thought you'd need a ton of buy-in from Universities & private parties ahead of time. Haven't solved that one yet... That's pretty badass. It would be a pain to try to work with now given much of it is strange to a modern user or admin. Cool that they built it. My takeaway from Burrough's is to do much interface protection at compile time, pointers + code protection in memory during runtime, bounds-checking on arrays, simplified assembler, dedicated I/O processor/programs, and good recovery of failed components. That plus what we know from other systems would make for quite a resilient system combined with a RISC processor such as Gaisler's Leon SPARC I.P. or the Rocket RISC-V CPU. A good point. I didn't cite it here because its implementation problems were severe and the reason it failed. Yet, I do give credit in more thorough discussions on INFOSEC history because the architecture was pretty awesome for Intel. Then, they watered that down with BiiN's i960MX. Then, even less radical (in security) Itanium. They lost hundreds of man years on the first, around a billion on second w/ Siemens, and at least $100 mil sunk into Itanium w/ HP. Intel certainly tried to make up for their x86 monstrosity several times. They got smarter and smarter about how they did so in terms of market acceptance. A combination of engineering mistakes and foolish market choices (imho) made them pay. As you said, they learned to give customers the insecure garbage they wanted or risk extremely large losses. Links below for those interested in the specifics of their better work. Intel i432 Capability System http://homes.cs.washington.edu/~levy/capabook/Chapter9.pdf Intel/Siemens BiiN System (w/ i960MX manual) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BiiN Itanium Security Features http://www.intel.com/content/dam/www/public/us/en/documents/... Security-oriented Live CD's or virtualization tech can be used for any of these except the links between systems (eg guard, diodes). QubesOS lowers its attack surface by using Xen instead of a full Linux distro, albeit with risk in Dom0 & hardware attacks. That they isolate their firewall and such is a good thing. Linux or FreeBSD, more mature but larger attack surface, should include full usage of any hardening guides, software protections (eg Softbound, Control Pointer Integrity), mandatory access controls (eg SELinux, SMACK), device protection (eg IOMMU or PIO interface), and so on. Whatever the most paranoid people use basically and do this in any applicable parts of QubesOS as well. You just want these systems hardened from attack as much as possible along with ease of detection and easy recovery. The disposable part means exactly what it says: the Internet-connected computer is the target and filter of the most risky functionality. It will be toast at some point, maybe often. So, use a throwaway device for it. Haven't gotten around to doing that since I've been so busy past few years and... the posts added up to a lot of work. Call it my technical debt. ;) Hadn't thought of PDF. Nice idea. Right now I have two things: textfile with links to many key posts there with headings; a zip file with a good chunk of those in local text copies. I've always used text because it's the safest and most portable format (except on modern devices lol). I can give you a pastebin with the links or a link to the zip with containing the subset I've downloaded so far. Whatever you prefer. Eventually I'll have one link to an actual web site haha. True: the LISP machines, Wirth's Lilith w/ M-code processor, ASOS embedded Ada system, JOP embedded Java processor, and Azul Systems' Vega processors show HLA's can work just fine. Even better than competing offerings in ways. :) Omg that was a great article on printf. I had more Wtf's than I've had in a while despite how many times I've called out C and UNIX implementations for their complexity. Here's another good one in return: http://queue.acm.org/detail.cfm?id=2349257 Makes me wish systems like Oberon got famous instead lol... I'll have to update myself on DragonFly in near future. Good that you know about EROS and Capsicum: ahead of most ;). Check out CheriBSD on CHERI processor if you like that. Far as software, JX Operating System and GenodeOS are two clean-slate one's with architectures you might find interesting. Interesting in terms of foundations to build better stuff on. I'll check out these distro's in the near future. I at least got a laugh out of what I saw on alpine's homepage: "Simple. Small. Secure." right next to "ISO 298MB." I know I'm getting old when people think a 298MB system is simple, small, or secure. Lol... The smart-card vendors might be working with any number of people. You can't be sure and subversion is at an all time high. The reason he used our data diode recommendation was you can use arbitrary hardware for the send, receive, and network nodes. Receiver can't leak anything outward even if hit by malware. Sender can't receive attacks from Internet. And network can be toast without ill effect. This can be verified by looking at the wires you modified rather than giving ChipWorks millions to R.E. it. ;) Later we told him OTP wasn't going to get takeup. I described my cascading cipher. That led to his multiple encryption etc version. I told him high assurance crypto NSA uses defeats covert channels with (a) fixed sized transmissions, (b) fixed rate transmissions and (c) not letting errors have a visible effect on that. Goes way back. He changed it to do that. So, he was clever with the design and has been responsive to updates. Those are just a few I remember. He used Python because it's easy to read. He only has so much time for the project. Other stuff I suggested included converting it to a language like C, Ada, or Pascal for control over memory & extra visibility. Also, using the Dresden Nizza architecture (or MILS architecture) on transport and sending stack to further enforce isolation and secure decomposition. More work to be done but it's a nice executable specification of something that can give NSA hell with low end equipment. Far as email, that must be a side project he started as a result of some of us suggesting he port GPG or something to the architecture. I'm not familiar with it. I only endorse main chat architecture with encouragement that implementation keeps improving. :) Now that is more like it! Below is the link to the zip. I included the two indexes that have the links. Most designs are local already but the essays folder has only a tiny amount of my essays. So, look at the essays txt file because there's quite a few great ones (including OPSEC) that I haven't transcribed yet. Download it quick because I take it down in a few days. http://www.adrive.com/public/uxCBKn/select%20schneier%20post... People on other sites I shared it on said the g libc was worse than many they worked with. They're from back in the day, too. So, for now I'll call it the tax of the GNU UNIX philosophy. The BASIC, Pascal, Modula-2, and Ada code looked much less hacked together even when it was portable or old. Still looked weird & dated but more readable. So, like one commenter said, it's also because of C. It's design and culture lead people on the path of much dirty hackery to... implement a printf statement. Note: Situations like this argue for real macros and metaprogramming like in LISP. A pseudo code of what each aspect does plus its implementation would make it more comprehensible. The cable is just what he had at his house: a smaller one is better. Not sure why you keep bringing up smartcards as alternative to long cable: two totally different things. Only realistic alternative to his cable w/out extra risk is point-to-point IR transfer: cheap & hard to grab if nearby (unlike Bluetooth/Wifi). It would be nice to get more people on GPG or Linux. It's what I use, too. The problem is their Trusted Computing Base [1] is ridiculously huge . Even amateurs regularly break NIX systems, browsers, and so on. The methods for designing things highly resistant to attack are out of reach for most projects. See my framework [2], for example, to see the gap between high quality coding and truly secure systems. Most developers, even many security "pro's," have no idea about so many of these things. Just ask anyone building one of these "NSA-proof" crypto tools to see their Covert Channel Analysis with breakdown of all residual storage, timing, and resource exhaustion channels. Observe the blank or confused stares. So, Markus was trying to shortcut around that using concepts he learned and we discussed. It had to be provably immune to software attack despite weaknesses in components. GPG on Linux/Android means GPG or Linux/Android must be breached. Although GPG is solid, Linux/Android breaches abound because they're insecure crap. So, that won't work against event a good black hat. He couldn't build a High Assurance Guard [3] by himself so he had to eliminate almost whole TCB. TFC was a clever workaround. TFC and Linux/Android-based clients have no comparison given only one can make a strong security argument under all conditions of software attack and the others just have so many real-world attacks... Apple to oranges, my friend. For cascading, it might be overkill and might not. Note that many real-world algorithms working in isolation had problems. Cryptophone used a AES + Twofish cascade as insurance. The idea is that one algorithm or trick failing won't compromise the system. It applies to regular crypto users as much as anyone else given we use same algorithms. I agree it might not be necessary for majority of people, though. They use Gmail or Facebook over HTTPS for their critical communications. Clearly different privacy needs, there. ;) I agree on the overlap: it's why I push the strong stuff. :) The reason, though, is that all the bad guys aim for the same thing. Plus, the nation-state methods (esp firmware attacks) are starting to be used by non-nation-states. The methods for stopping software attacks by nation-states are same as for anyone else. It's why our systems need to be redone (example [4]) to simply enforce fundamental protections to stop all that shit. And meanwhile, we have to use GPG, TFC, air gaps, and other kludgy solutions to make up for how bad we have it. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trusted_computing_base [2] http://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2013/01/essay_on_fbi-m... [3] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guard_%28information_security%... [4] http://www.crash-safe.org/assets/ieee-hst-2013-paper.pdf Just looked up DragonFly BSD. Prior I just heard it was doing concurrency or something differently. Looking at the details... damn, I'm impressed. It's still a UNIX architecture with the good and bad that comes from that. Yet, they're applying rather than ignoring many good engineering choices for dealing with various UNIX problems such as concurrency, integration, OS-level faults, & kernel debugging. The HAMMER filesystem is also a nice development given it's not GPL or Oracle-related (right?). A BSD alternative to ZFS is by itself worth a whole project. So yeah, there's still hope for UNIX. Looks like that hope goes two ways: 1. UNIX variants like DragonFly that intentionally break things or get rid of crud to better themselves over time. 2. People on such projects who stumble onto superior architectures while looking for improvements and start building a better non-UNIX. I'll keep checking up on it to see what happens. Ive posted too much for that to even help lol. But ill share some Google Fu to help you in future: site:schneier.com "nick p" First limits to domain. Using quotes limits to results containing that phrase. A -name removes results containing the name. Can use multiple quoted and minus terms. Main two tricks I use to get good results. The smartcard can isolate the key. The problem is that they don't need it if they compromise the PC. It's pointless if the goal is to protect the current communication. Far as implants, they're possible with anything. Rule is that enemy can never physically possess your stuff or it's considered compromised. "but also usability issues (even if you could probably sandwich most of it into a single laptop case. Would be interesting to have two screens side-by-side for input and output)." You should've seen my old VOIP design: a briefcase of cables, boards, and shit lol. Yeah, it will take up more space and have a learning curve. Any strong solution usually does, though. Be skeptical of anything claiming high usability and high security. ;) "Sort of as a replacement for the hw in the terminals used here. I didn't mean a full Android software stack. Preferably a system without baseband, networking etc." If you keep the three nodes, then you can certainly use Android devices. If you condense them, then you loose the protection due to all the attack surface. One drawback with Android is most of them have embedded wireless hardware. Tiny risk maybe but hard to tell if you've disabled it for sure. Android on device w/out wireless chip is fine. "I'm not sure about your use of "NIX" here. Is this a combined hardware/software platform? Google wasn't very helpful." UNIX or UNIX-like systems. Many of us called them NIX's for short in the old days. Their complexity and security track record make them untrustworthy for defending against strong attackers. They're a last resort you use while still monitoring for compromise. Unfortunately for that crowd, the systems with high security are all proprietary (often defense-only) and similar open-source systems have less assurance and usability. They're all alpha stage, actually. "So it would seem that using a dedicated (mostly) air-gapped laptop would practically be as secure." It's lower risk than most things. It's why most of us use that strategy. Your risk is being hit in the kernel stacks, the drivers, or peripheral firmware. If data goes back and forth, then the risk goes up. To be clear, this is a targeted attack by professionals that know what they're doing. Average hacker doesn't do this. re cascade They haven't shown evidence of this for years past the meet in the middle. So, it seems fine long as I avoid that. Far as adding risk, it's unlikely given this is merely a basic algorithm application. If you said protocol engines, I'd totally agree. With algorithms though, you can usually get three right if you can get one right. Still want a specialist coding them, though. re other stuff The system in question must be evaluated by security pro's before we can trust it. Meanwhile, GPG + air gapped machine is your best bet outside TFC. As for hardware subversion, they might do anything so acquire your hardware in different, unpredictable places or have others order it for you. Far as screen, the monitor cable is the best place for leak. I proposed long ago a shielded cable that works except amplifies signal along unused frequency. Later on, TAO catalog leaked and there's a VGA cable modified to do exactly that. So, there you go.... ;) Now you're thinking on the right lines! All of that should be fine. Didn't think about using USB for power: just had a strip in the design. Will have to think on it. Standardizing on Linux/BSD is wise, too, as it lets us easily adapt it to new software applications. And, in case I forgot, you can modify this architecture for voice or video but will need to replace serial cable with higher bandwidth line. Risk starts to go up there. You either need a real data diode or must physically modify Ethernet/Fiber cables and/or cards to do one-way transmission. Might take custom, microcontroller board to be sure it's done right. It's a bigger project to say the least. There's examples online but the security is debatable. That's why the defense sector builds and certifies the big guns [1]. That it takes them that much hardware & they mention TEMPEST hints at how much work goes into this one, tiny problem. [1] http://www.nexor.com/sites/default/files/Nexor%20Datasheet%2... Appreciate the link. It linked to something that applies to me: the photic sneeze reflex. It really sucks haha. Seems nobody has reviewed the actual article... So, I will: it's great. I could see this model, esp illustrations, getting somewhere with lay management that run things by the numbers and ROI. I'd like to try it on bankers given they're experts on getting people stuck in debt. Last thing they want to do is be caught in their own type of trap. I'd like to see more work like this, esp improving manual measurement areas. Funny he mentioned System/38, which largely eliminated users' storage worries, then says that company's rep never heard of it. Funny cuz they still sell it: IBM i. I posted a link [1] to original system on his site. It got so many things right in a business machine it was hard to believe. That old design still has better security and reliability than Windows or Linux boxes. Most AS/400 deployments I run into just don't... have... downtime... They also pretty much manage themselves. I'd like to see FOSS do designs like that [minus the interface & API]. The labor advantage might lead to something pretty awesome. Meanwhile, they keep building complexity on top of UNIX architecture with a few stragglers on better OS architectures. Not much hope there. Fortunately, CHERI (capability) and SAFE (tags) are each building on mechanisms System/38 used for software reliability and security. An academic team or company might build something great on top of it. Still holding out some hope! [1] http://homes.cs.washington.edu/~levy/capabook/Chapter8.pdf It is. Even worse, Microsoft got a designer of an OS (VMS) that practically never failed to build the new one that failed all the time (sighs). Least they learned a few things from VMS... Incredible story. Thanks for sharing it! I bet the architecture would work even better on today's systems given they're often multi-core and distributed while built on OS's not designed for that. That IBM noticed this is probably why they built their K42 operating system for clusters which used a microkernel and message-passing. LMAO! That's the best command fail I've ever read! The bastard child of TOPS-10... True. Add that many "inventions" in virtualization field were in VM/370 in... the 70's. Including running itself on itself which has been celebrated in several news articles for different prototypes over the past few years. Except that was a production system. ;) It's described on the page along with qualitative measurements they use. They used each where it made sense to produce something pretty solid for management to work with. The alternatives are currently... I don't know any... So, until I see them, I think they did a good job going from using a vague concept to practical metrics. Baby steps, for sure, but with immediate, payoff potential. Lol @ last line. Well-put. I believe it. I've paused with a "wtf" look on my face plenty of times dealing with the complexity and many odd decisions of those. It's what made me briefly use Fluxbox/Openbox distro's just to avoid the complexity. A bit too manual on the app side, though, so I reluctantly went back to a more full desktop environment. I'm sure we'll continue to see more competition in that area and maybe a solid alternative in the future to what we have. Good to see them doing it. I included SuperH in my list [1] of non-Intel architectures and old hardware to use post-Snowden. Additionally, I proposed that it falling out of favor despite Japanese chip-makers backing it might make it a nice candidate for trying to get them to open the design but still sell it. Concept is a proven design which can be verified by third parties, masked by whoever, and taped out at fab of their choice. Although, there's work in moving to new nodes and that cost would be on whoever did it. The precedent is Gaisler's SPARC-based processors and I.P. [2] that are dual-licensed as commercial and GPL with tools for easy customization. Alternatively, I proposed the security enhancements for processors showing up in academia be applied to this or another processor with low market share as a differentiator. Some of these enhancements take almost no chip real-estate, esp simple tags & tag-checks. The chip designer could also make money for the semi-custom work. Time has passed, that didn't happen for low market chips, and did happen for AMD+Intel for non-security applications [that I know of]. Matter of fact, even though my scheme didn't happen, AMD is making so much money off the other half of my proposal that they could be cited when trying to convince chip-makers to do it for security enhancements with mass-market availability. So long as they don't bear the cost of failure (huge in ASIC's) they might go for it. Finally, anyone wanting to deploy this or other things, remember the Structured ASIC's with FPGA conversions. eASIC [3] has a long track record in this with offers down to 28nm. Gigoptix [4] does S-ASIC's down to 28nm. Tekmos [5] offers a similar product at 350nm (good for budget masks). Just make sure you design in FPGA's with ASIC transition in mind from the start & follow published advice on that (available with Google or consultation). The result is you prove it in FPGA's, even use it on FGPA boards, and then move it to S-ASIC later for reduced costs/power + maybe speed increase. Authors are right that 180nm is a sweet spot although proving it at 350nm or higher first might be smarter given costs. [1] https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2013/09/surreptitious... [2] http://www.gaisler.com/ [3] http://www.easic.com/products/28-nm-easic-nextreme-3/ [4] http://www.gigoptix.com/products/asics/asic-type/structured-... [5] http://www.tekmos.com/products/asics/process-technologies EDIT to add: Triad Semiconductor [1] has a mixed-signal ASIC take on S-ASIC's. Interesting stuff. Just found it. [1] http://www.triadsemi.com/vca-technology/ I share falcolas's take on it. On other end, Cloudfare says "Pay us $200-5,000 (avg) a month, we'll handle the details, and don't worry about a data bill." AWS method sounds like a step backwards in cloud DDOS protection. Or a step forward in their next annual report. Whichever. ;) I'm still a believer in the value of dial-up, leased lines, satellite, or radio for aiding security. You still have to apply protection to them but don't have whole Internet coming after you with protocols that aid attackers more than defenders. My method is typically to obfuscate identifiers for Internet services and use methods like authentication at packet level (eg port-knocking or VPN). The configuration details are sent over the non-Internet medium. Even dial-up can move basic credentials and some I.P. addresses quickly. Don't need to do it often, either. If you hide it (eg SILENTKNOCK), attackers start getting pretty pissed and desperate wondering why not a single packet gets through. This method is primarily for intranet sites, though. Web sites or apps facing the public naturally are at high risk. Best to just use Cloudfare or a similar service along with hiring good security folks. Another thing just occurred to me: Amazon might just be guilty of recommending to others what worked for them without thinking twice about context, alternatives, etc. Long ago, Anonymous tried a massive DDOS attack on all kinds of sites from Mastercard to Amazon. Of them all, Amazon didn't take a scratch [1]. This was due to their then-new EC2 architecture for handling spikes and a ridiculous amount of spare capacity saved for holidays. Article has the details. So, maybe it's what's worked for them, their thinking hasn't really changed, and now they're just offering others the same thing? And upselling them in the process? Thoughts? [1] http://money.cnn.com/2010/12/09/technology/amazon_wikileaks_... Exactly. I've spent years telling people about all these projects and activities under way. Thanks for the link to some I hadn't heard of. Microsoft's VerveOS was clever. Genode is most innovative & practical from L4 family. Separation kernels (eg INTEGRITY-178B, LynxSecure) lowered TCB on full virtualization (esp Windows). Minix 3 is nicely doing the self-healing thing. IBM's K42 pushed cluster schemes pretty hard. Oberon still gets developed (eg A2 Bluebottle) & Wirth recently put it on custom hardware (again). Also notable that Oberon OS has garbage collection. Azul's Vega processors basically make hardware, GC, and OS for Java apps. MirageOS making smaller, safer TCB on Xen using Ocaml. And so on and so forth. Much stuff being done in directions that might actually achieve something. There's still hope for those of us wanting something other than monolithic garbage whose uptimes still can't beat a VMS cluster from the 80's and whose security is a measure of how convenient it is to hackers. seL4 isn't supposed to be innovative: it's supposed to be verified correct to a higher level than EAL7. It seems to have succeeded. Go to Genode.org to see innovation in L4 space, theirs and others'. I agree on containers and microservices. IT rarely learns the good lessons of the past but often repeats its failures. The first good containers were Burrough's apps where they compiled source against a good API with checks at interface level (compile-time & runtime) with full reuse of code in memory to avoid duplication. Hardware-enforced, optional isolation & duplication if you wanted a brick wall. That has both an efficiency and security argument. This new shit might be an improvement on typical Windows or UNIX/Linux deployment but seems to be improving in wrong direction. Best example is still them standardizing on complicated HTTP- and XML-based middleware instead of simpler formats (eg s-expressions) with a grammar I can auto-generate w/ validation checks on TCP/UDP-based middleware which I can also auto-generate w/ validation checks. Designing robust, efficient solutions with mainstream stuff is like walking through a friggin' minefield of problems.... where it can even be done! Starting to think they're all closet masochists... I've been giving credit to them over recent years for doing a lot of good work in OS design, programming languages, and verification technology. Unlike Microsoft Engineering, Microsoft Research is pretty kick-ass. Truth be told, much of what they do copies other work in some way and tries to improve on it. Example: VerveOS's Nucleus copied the old IME mainframes with a central component called Nucleus with similar features. They pretend like they were original cuz everyone forgets about the old systems. ;) Yet, their copying that approach to split development and verification was a really smart move . It's how they got results. I encouraged Microsoft Research to continue investing in tooling and verification tech that represents The Right Thing approach to systems. That pieces of it drift to their commercial products is even better. :) Anyone that likes Plan 9 should also look at Amoeba [1] and Globe [2]. Amoeba did a lot of interesting work that could be considered when doing a modern, Plan9-like effort. Globe did for WAN's what Amoeba tried to do for LAN's. I had hoped solutions like Globe would get more traction given Globe applications would be way better than upcoming Web applications. Globe team even proved it by doing Web on top of their own stuff: doing Web better than Web lol. Unfortunately, the mainstream led us down a path resulting in trying to accelerate Web applications powered by protocols from time-sharing days on monolithic UNIX and Windows OS's. A little less fun... [1] http://www.cs.vu.nl/pub/amoeba/amoeba.html [2] http://www.cs.vu.nl/~philip/globe/ A while ago, I saw a course offering to improve use of the brain. One trick it claimed to teach was meditation that taught people to control perception of time. The idea was that you could slow time down to have more reaction, training or thinking time. I wrote it off as a snake oil thing with far-fetched possibility of happing to some degree somewhere else. Seeing these cases makes me wonder, though. Research into neuroscience or neuro-engineering might be able to tap into this effect to do things similar to other claim. My first thought as a former martial artist was combat applications. There's gotta be a DARPA lab working on this exact thing somewhere. So, applicable questions to this are (a) does their brain just slow down where it takes time to catch up to what happened in reality; or (b) do our brains actually waste effort to preserve a specific, temporal experience. If it's (b), then there's a possibility of re-training or modifying the brain to get more usable time to think or act. I can't be sure from the article if it's (b), though. Anyone have an idea about that? Bottom line: invest in good people, delegate responsibility to them, encourage experimentation, and focus on long-term. Facebook wasn't the first to try this model. They are one of its recent success stories, though. Most companies' IT departments won't have similar success due to control-freak management, conformance to established processes/agendas, or focus on quarterly-earnings. We'd all be better off if they switched to the model that actually produces innovation. Even shifting a portion to it might send a hell of a shockwave through the industry. I haven't done a thorough review of it by stand by my at-a-glance review from 2014 on Schneier's blog: "And it's written in a risky language using shoddy libraries on platforms NSA etc. have 0-days and automated attack systems for. I'm sure that this combination will be "really hard" for NSA to penetrate. ;)" Goes for any strong attackers. Yet, with better interface and more security review, an app like it might protect from the lesser attackers or snoops that are still worth stopping (see "who uses Tor?"). Moreover, might be a better baseline than existing apps providing similar functionality. The main thing that will continually kill this app's security, also similar ones, is it's so complex that describing functionality and errors states is already quite a chore. Making a security argument... more so or impossible. The best bet is probably a system like Freenet: asynchronous, low response time requirements, and F2F. So much easier to protect such systems. Already has a lot of services built on it. The approach would be a thorough, no-hold-barred review of the protocol by pro's as we've seen with Tor. Whatever survives the review is implemented in a native language with strong assurance activities for implementation and interfaces, including covert channel analysis. Mutually-distrusting, geographically-diverse, and ideologically-loving-privacy types to be the early nodes in public network for bootstrapping. Might even implement it on top of Tor or I2P. Anyway, there's not much hope for strong anonymity or security if the app is complex and uses high-risk components/platforms. Just isn't happening. Sacrifices must be made. Both software market and FOSS communities have almost all shown they're not willing to make them. So, it will remain a niche with few solutions that are any good. Easy to use, sure, but I've only known four GUI systems to be built to high assurance standard: simple components, small TCB, and clear interactions. Mainstream OS's don't use them. People adding beauty to their apps on such OS's also add attack surface in most cases. So, people wanting easy-to-use, secure communications must accept simpler interfaces or maybe text-interfaces depending on their threat profile. I'll agree the interface needs to be easy to use regardless of how it's implemented. Most tools that aren't got that way due to lack of solid effort into UX. They can certainly do better. Yet, the result might look like a console IRC client or an old Win32 GUI app if it uses simplest stuff for security. Will users embrace that? Unlikely & didn't for many commercial products in this space. It's why the person you replied to is right: they won't make the smallest sacrifices to solve their greatest problems. Has always been the case. Intel has lost over a billion dollars the few times they tried to market something more reliable and secure. It wasn't backwards compatible with crud X or support risk Y. So, market killed it off to buy stuff that causes problems. Trend repeats in all areas with few exceptions. It's why high security & reliability, even inexpensive offers, stay a niche market. Sure they do if they have their IT priorities right. There's a small business in my locale that I can't name that occupies one floor of an office, does all kinds of app development for big companies, and still allocates enough time to innovation that they regularly present clever stuff at conferences dedicated to what they do. That stuff also directly improves their competitiveness in most cases. People might say something similar about Jane St's Ocaml contributions that they turned into a side-effect of doing their business. There's been countless admins in companies with less vision that innovated plenty on semi-automating monitoring, management, and reliability just out of necessity to reduce stress on their overworked brains and hands. There's tons of potential in companies for IT innovation, whether small- or large-scale. It's proven by those, even tiny firms, that act on it. Most companies act against it on top of under-funding, under-staffing, and over-stretching their IT staff. That combination causes the effect you describe. It's not inherent in any way. If it was, examples I described wouldn't exist. That's a better way of framing the subject than I was even expecting. Excellent and thanks! Yes, my question does boil down to "how many decisions and perceptions" per second plus if these event indicate it might be modified to be beneficial. So, decisions and perceptions per second might be the natural starting point for research field. Might be misremembering, but I think there's a variant of it used heavily in industrial automation (eg factories). It was a standard that you had to buy for a significant sum of money. The friend in embedded design that told me didn't like it but many groups used it. Can't remember what it's called... Past that, it's probably just there to make legacy software work like so many other problem-causing, Windows features. :) Assuming top-notch everything by industry standards, the systems will still likely get breached by attackers with 0-days in implementations. Brian Snow, a NSA Technical Director, explained the reason very well in his essay We Need Assurance [1]: "The problem is innately difficult because from the beginning (ENIAC, 1944), due to the high cost of components, computers were built to share resources (memory, processors, buses, etc.). If you look for a one-word synopsis of computer design philosophy, it was and is SHARING. In the security realm, the one word synopsis is SEPARATION: keeping the bad guys away from the good guys’ stuff! So today, making a computer secure requires imposing a “separation paradigm” on top of an architecture built to share. That is tough! Even when partially successful, the residual problem is going to be covert channels. We really need to focus on making a secure computer, not on making a computer secure – the point of view changes your beginning assumptions and requirements!" I'll add that the fundamental constructs and operations of a computer are designed a dumb way that will follow the most self-defeating orders. Smarter architectures, like Burroughs B5500 and System/38, existed in the past that had CPU's that enforced fine-grained separation (helps secrecy), protected pointers/stacks/arrays from abuse (stops much code injection), and could spot many problems like interface abuse (80+% of issues) at runtime. The dumb systems were cheaper, faster, & backward-compatible with garbage tools in widespread use. So the market went with them. To this day, most "security professionals" have no clue that there existed hardware & software systems so resistant to compromise that NSA's red teams gave up on even watered-down versions of them. And then bought them for protecting most sensitive stuff while pushing weaker stuff on us for their other mission. ;) Fortunately, there is a tiny, niche part of the security community working on such "high assurance" solutions (eg crash-safe.org) or at least better architectures w/ some high er assurance components (eg genode.org). Our niche is not popular, has few customers, and never will mainstream due to tough tradeoffs it forces. Yet, real security is gaining a bit more traction in academia and some software firms. One day such platforms might get more affordable and widely available so they you can use one without lost sleep due to someone opening an email. :) [1] http://www.acsac.org/2005/papers/Snow.pdf Anytime I see "We take security seriously" I get double skeptical about their security stance. This is something that's best demonstrated by simply doing it and the results speak for themselves. There's an obvious contrast between organizations with well-managed INFOSEC and those that pretend. Especially when a vulnerability is reported or a breach occurs. Extra-obvious then. Businesses, just practice INFOSEC instead of preaching it. Better that way. Good points. I agree with the point about luxury: some definitely have way more lee-way than others. Your company's method is one of the good methods I referred to. Another is Jane St's where they apparently dedicated time and labor to building better Ocaml tools (incl standard library). Almost every Global 2000 company can afford to do 100x that. Some, to their credit, are contributing things to IT community. Most just don't and even reinforce problems with their decisions. So, there's certainly a huge gap between most companies and Facebook. Yet, even allocating one person, day, 15% time, etc. to try or build some new things might have quite some results over thousands to hundreds of thousands of companies. I'm just arguing companies could be putting in significantly more effort even without a true R&D department or luxurious business model. Past that, mileage varies from company to company esp with their circumstances. I'm glad you brought Sprite up. Been meaning to look at it closely. Far as Amboeba vs Plan 9, that was intentional on my part: get HN readers seeing something a bit different that happened in the same field. Probably just phrased the comment badly again (sigh). Sprite homepage for HN readers following along: http://www.eecs.berkeley.edu/Research/Projects/CS/sprite/spr... Edit to add: The retrospective is definitely worth reading. I think most administrators, to this day, have it harder in some ways than people running Sprite due to their clever design choices in networking, storage, and single-system-image. I was in shock reading this too. It's possible that the extraterrestrials read that stuff, determine our intelligence to be extremely low, and not bother with us again. Or they'll send Andromeda earlier. ;) Going with extraterrestrial hypothesis, the source and non-repetition are what I find interesting. First, it's in an area that contains basically nothing. Maybe they draw energy off of matter present near them or are highly efficient. Another possibility is that it's an outpost used for communication, maybe to hide their homeworld. I have a friend who wrote a whole treatise on how hiding one's location would be essential to interstellar warfare or survival given how nukes, weaponized asteroids, etc can lay waste to whole planets worth of life. Mass Effect's Reapers also used "dark space" for concealment between attacks. The other thing is non-repetition. If it was purposeful, it should've been repeated to ensure we'd catch it. Maybe it was done as a one-off burst (eg like EMP w/ structure) that would go all over the place. Maybe it was a rebellious individual violating the radio-silence policy. Maybe they do a periodic burst to each area figuring a civilization smart/wise enough will catch it and be watching for the next. Who knows. These two things stand out to me, though. I agree. It's a strong, not as fun, possibility here. There's all kinds of unauthorized and unusual radio transmission on Earth for about as many reasons. There's also pranks to consider. That ended up being a possibility in the Contact movie and a team proved it could be the case for weird, crop-circle phenomenon. A smart, devious engineer might love to be the cause of decades of confusion and debate about extraterrestrial life. It's actually one of the top 5 possibilities for me. Note: Thanks for the link. It was hilarious. What if they're only pretending to be that far away? And it's a probe right in or near the solar system? Could these people really tell the difference? Heck yeah he did. That was great. There we go. So, it could be the one's that are allegedly already here just trying to get our attention. I'm still for exploring those underground caverns in the moon. Might catch them sleeping. Poetic justice. Serves the bastards right. I'm sure hackers are flocking to the download in search of awesome tools. If they're there, then we might see independent, malware authors building some interesting things to produce headaches with. Interesting times continue. Note that many of us in INFOSEC said years ago that these offensive, cyber companies developing weapons was a risk to us if they double-dealed or got breached . Their weapons which we (and others) funded might get turned against us. Depending on what's in the torrent, that scenario might begin playing out. Another commenter already acknowledged the possibility that it only appears to be that far away and the signal could come from the edge of the solar system (maybe passing through it). Would explain why it was brief and appeared to come from a place having about nothing. The comment you replied to was a joke, though, so it doesn't really matter. I posted a link to his stream with the rest on Schneier's blog. The stream is... Hacking Team's own answer to Failblog. I only wish I had 400GB of storage handy with a good network in case it gets taken down or something. Hope people are copying the shit out of it. Note: There torrent is so big and has so much stuff that this laptop I'm using (few years old) was lagging on scrollbar with fan on full blast. Had to close it lol. Not just hacked: this is almost on the Sony level. They got... H A C K E D !!!!! Maybe we'll get lucky and they'll face bankruptcy with their stuff available for free now. :) I recently revisited the Oberon and LISP systems for inspiration in designing better architectures. Was considering dusting off SICP again to see if I could apply their refinement technique for a certified compiler. Plenty of wisdom in these old books. Another benefit: that I remembered Oberon gave me a default recommendation post-Snowden when certain people were getting too paranoid to trust anything. I told them that Oberon, LISP machines, and Forth had very low subversion odds while being highly traceable from design to implementation. Much of Oberon and LISP were memory-safe, too. I had copies of docs, source, and binary so MITM wasn't a concern. I proposed verifying a version of that on their own air-gapped hardware (optionally hand-entered) and then working from there. Worked fine. Wirth made it easier by updating his Oberon documentation recently. A2 Bluebottle is pretty usable for something with almost no labor invested into it. Been considering redoing the work of the Ten15 VM of the Flex machine to create a secure, integration point for various languages. Might treat C components as a big ass continuation or something. Not sure but getting imperative code in there might be necessary. Idea is combining Haskell, ML, LISP, Ada, and other verified languages like they did onto hardware with security assistance (eg tagging, capability). Ten15 http://www.mca-ltd.com/martin/Ten15/introduction.html Maybe. I'm glad you did anyway because I'm a new HN reader and didn't have two of these books. So, thanks! :) If we're lucky. They are in Italy and defense contractors after all with what that entails... The best thing I remember was PALcode: a nice cross between microcode and assembler. So many uses for that: accelerators, atomic operations, security primitives, and so on. I really wish the x86's had that feature instead of their SMM, etc garbage. PolarSSL said it wasn't affected by Heartbleed. There's quite a few non-OpenSSL libraries out there to use which might or might not be affected by any given bug in OpenSSL. I just remember PolarSSL because I stumbled on that claim while reading on users of Frama-C tool for finding bugs. They use it apparently. The LibreSSL people showed one commit at a time that OpenSSL was just poor coding through and through. I'd expect any implementation that paid more attention to code quality to do better. That's just one part of getting a crypto library done right, though. http://www.openbsd.org/papers/bsdcan14-libressl/mgp00001.htm... Given the OpenSSL trackrecord [1], I recommend switching to LibreSSL [2] if possible. They tore through OpenSSL to pull out all the horrors they found and beat it into shape. OpenSSL's code was so unbelievably bad that there's certainly more problems lurking in there. [1] http://www.openbsd.org/papers/bsdcan14-libressl/mgp00001.htm... [2] http://www.libressl.org/releases.html You say those OpenSSL alternatives can be dangerous. Yet, you also never recommend against OpenSSL despite it proving itself to be quite dangerous in more ways than just cryptographic. Strange double standard. Anyway, Fox IT [1] recently used PolarSSL in their OpenVPN respin. It's been immune to a number of issues that hit OpenSSL while their mailing list indicates steady work at finding and fixing its own problems. Improved the cryptographic defaults, too. The effort is open source. If you see non-OpenSSL crypto problems, feel free to publish them and suggest improvements so people in or outside those projects can make the systems better. So far, you mainly just blanket recommend against while pushing dangerous stuff (OpenSSL) on readers. Note: At least you endorsed two alternatives to OpenSSL in this one. A first. [1] https://openvpn.fox-it.com/background.html If they're really any good, I'll at least say that hardly anyone will pay for a secure alternative. It's hard to sell more secure anything to businesses. Much less a protocol library that they have to integrate into everything. Especially at the prices they're sold at by the companies that might be competent enough to make a good library. They want to get back their engineering investment while users want the product for next to nothing. There's also the problem of integrating it into GPL software. Many companies are using such software. Companies specializing in software I.P. don't want their stuff released as GPL because it was used in a GPL app. There's ways to skirt around this but they add complexity. Stuff like this is why I recommend BSD-style licenses so that good, proprietary stuff can be integrated with it. That's straightforward and means we agree on an alternative (LibreSSL). You haven't mentioned the converse issue though: only vague warnings with a broad word (cryptographic). I'm not even disagreeing with you on PolarSSL, necessarily. The problem is you quickly dismiss them without details while you don't do the same for OpenSSL despite known, horrific details available justifying avoiding it. So, I guess the dispute boils down to those issues: 1. What's the specific reason those libraries suck worse than OpenSSL (which SUCKS ) and where did you publish that for peer review/improvement? 2. Why don't you treat OpenSSL the same for all its problems and recommend what you believe is a decent alternative (eg LibreSSL)? (Double standards always bother me in this field.) That's the consistent trend in these threads: deny several for vague reasons; fine with a known bad one despite non-vague reasons against. They could and that is one of the models. It's a very niche, tiny group that would. I mostly saw developments in high-end smartcards, premium guards in defense, custom work for government/commercial by contractors in high assurance... that's pretty much it. There's so little work in high security field that I straight up left it and now mainly do R&D on various problems. Even NSA uses HAIPE and SCIP internally for Type 1 (their best) stuff. They clearly didn't trust SSL/TLS, even default IPsec, from the get go. Most just use whatever is cheapest with majority of those buying "certified" products doing it for extra government sales and false due diligence (C.Y.A.). That includes banks. They get breached all the time in various ways while trying to hide it or obscure what exactly happened. I've seen this myself. One said the industry goal is to keep their losses at about 6% or less of risky revenues. They have just enough security (and incompetent enemies) to achieve this. The other trick is "investing in" politicians to keep liability laws in their favor to block most lawsuit risk. Past these two, most banks are focused on just cranking out more profit. Just like everyone else. Post-Snowden, we've seen increase demand for real security. Yet, it requires you to ditch a fully-featured OS, most Internet functionality, a bit of performance, and a significant chunk of the wallet. Further, the widespread use of IT and security that are shit makes most people not know what a strong offering would even look like. These combine to make the sales process for high security an uphill battle. Not likely to change: even I tell new people interested to treat it as a hobby and do mainstream INFOSEC practices to ensure job security. We embed our style invisibly where we can, though. ;) Sounds like an NDA. Ok, I believe you on that one. With your seconding it & OpenBSD team's rep, my new recommendation was going to be LibreSSL anyway. Good summary. I'll add that Wirth's focus on simplicity makes it very easy to port to new hardware, too. Basically a compiler backend and some low-level stuff on bottom. Usually 1-2 students at ETH would do it over several months for each new architecture. The work started when Wirth saw the same Xerox setup that Apple did. Wirth couldn't buy one so he just built his own lol. The first system Wirth and Jurg Gutknecht designed was Lilith [1]. They improved Pascal to make modular software in the form of Modula-2. They made a P-code-like assembler language called M-code to make compilation easier and raise assembler abstraction slightly. They then wrote most of the system in Modula-2. They had in about 2 years a computer, OS, compiler, and some apps. ETH used these day-to-day and they later morphed into Oberon system. The brilliance of Wirth was keeping things simple. I think he overdid it but it served him well in many ways. He also kept things consistent where possible. Just having a simple language, compiler, libraries, and consistent + simple bytecode target would be better than what I've dealt with coding. Each iteration, he tries to improve the language and platform with lessons he learned from the first. He also ensures the lowest common denominator is easy to port, compile efficiently, and produce efficient code for. A lot of inspiration. He's recently put Oberon on a custom, simple processor running on an FPGA. The latest incarnation of the system is A2 Bluebottle [2] with downloads here [3]. [1] http://www.cfbsoftware.com/modula2/Lilith.pdf [2] http://www.sage.com.ua/en.shtml?e1l0 [3] http://www.oberon.ethz.ch/downloads/index Good catch! I've edited it to correct it. Exactly. I see the question on Stack Overflow all the time and just keep dropping a whole list of counterexamples. Too many myths in IT that hold mainstream back. It was a great project. Still faster than Javascript if run through an optimizing compiler. Combine that with today's best security schemes for browsers and you have a lot of performance for a better level of safety. Not going to happen, though. Not enough overhead & buzzword compliance to make it into a web stack. ;) Thanks to Lipner's SDL & executive support, Microsoft has done one of the largest 180's in the industry's history. Backward compatibility and time-to-market will continue to create problems. Yet, comparing security (even architecture) of Windows 7 with Windows 95 is almost like looking at two different companies' products. So, I give them due credit for good effort they put in. Many other companies have yet to match that effort. It's why their stuff is the new, big target. ;) They say on the foundation website that, in Canada, the overhead of doing that is too high to justify it. They're hardly getting in donations so any amount of overhead can detract significantly to the project. If it's serious overhead, that's a serious loss. So, they're just not doing it until they get enough donations to justify it. Good they're contributing something back. They should sponsor more developers to work on infrastructure they could integrate into their offerings. Even from their evil perspective, they'd still be able to use their EEE strategy for people foolish enough to buy their non-standard version. They'd benefit from increased innovation and reduced costs as projects get bigger. We'd benefit with components that had financial support to keep improving and maybe get more security review than certain FOSS projects that have never heard of that. So, it's in their interest to expand their role in open source software whether they intend to play nice or evil. They'll benefit and we'll possibly benefit either way. At the least, quality and innovation should both go up. Microsoft could always use more of those. ;) They're called HP NonStop now. Great platform. Yet, even the best platforms can't stop stupid code from ruining NYSE's day. ;) It's an interesting database. Regarding closed source complaint, it's part of a false dilemma that keeps repeating unnecessarily: that one must choose open + free or closed + paid. Nonsense! You can have open source and proprietary licensing simultaneously. You can even let paying users extend it as Burroughs did for MCP OS in 60's. I go into more detail here [1] on various models of source sharing and security review implications (my focus). So, he could patent any key technology, publish the implementation with copyright protection, give source/binaries to customers on condition they keep paying, let users extend it for internal use, and even let users submit such improvements for others to use.. His company continues to make money on the licensing in each of these cases. All of this has been done before. If anything, the real risk is on the users that the source license might change like what happen with QNX. It's why I advocate perpetual licenses for a given release at a given rate which are re-issued each year a client pays. [1] https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2014/05/friday_squid_... The counter I expected and I totally agree with that. They might be shooting themselves in the wallet with this choice. Although, Theo and others have repeatedly said how little companies even try to donate to them. They might have wasted significant amounts of their funds complying with Canadian requirements for little to no gain. So, I'm not sure which is the best route given the two facts: plenty of opportunity for gain and loss on each end. I'd like to see them at least attempt to get the status then tell a bunch of potential donors it's tax exempt. If money doesn't roll in, drop the status. If it does, keep it. Seems like a worthwhile risk to take. What do you think? Depends on how you look at it. Remember they claimed to need $250,000 (right?) at one point to keep everyone max happy and productive. I doubt they need that much each year. Yet, giving away a significant chunk of $50-100k might be too much of an opportunity cost to them. Like I said elsewhere, I think they should take the risk and see what happens. They choose against it for now. "As previously explained, however, in-order updates (i.e., better crash behavior) are not practical in multitasking environments with multiple applications." They say this is the obstacle to the best approach using the same interface. I say look at our best results in DB, concurrency, and distributed computing research to see if there's a solution that might work given a certain number of cores or applications. There's also the possibility of processor enhancements that put this sort of thing in the I/O architecture. I hadn't heard the new definitions of either term. Maybe I'm not drinking enough Kool Aid these days haha. Really enjoyed the article. Wonder if she sold the Pizza app to Dominos or something. Code it in their stack for easy integration, pitch common use case, and boom. Who knows. On the overall thing, I've always suspected these were more a giant party than anything useful. The reason is that good things usually take time and quality thought to put together. Sleep can work wonders, too. Wish I was in Nashville for this event as it would've been fun talking to the Startup Bus crowd. Or once you factor in the profit motive and that the VC owners like margins & acquisition numbers to stay high. Quite a hard sell to convince investors to take higher risk on less money across the board. I'd never even attempt it. That was an awesome read. Thanks. Sad how many good opportunities are killed off by such foolishness. EDIT: Or acquisitions... This is good news. Simplification will help across the board. Also, open source graphics card and middleware projects might benefit from the simplification of lower layers. It's neat but will only benefit the largest companies with the most elite developers. I've learned a lot about hardware development in past year for purposes of imagining clean-slate, subversion-resistant chips. The work it takes to get the 90nm and below chips working, especially inexpensively, is pretty mind boggling with many aspects still dark arts shrouded in trade secrets. Many firms stay at 130-180nm levels with quite a few still selling tech closer to a micron than a 28nm chip. Tools to overcome these challenges cost over a million a seat. So, seeing another process shrink doesn't excite me given we haven't tapped the potential of what we already have. Lots of technologies help: EDA; FPGA's: S-ASIC's; multi-project wafers; ASIC-proven I.P. And so on. Yet, even 350nm still isn't very accessible to most companies wanting to make a chip because the tools, I.P., and expertise are too expensive (or scarce sometimes). Yet, the benefits are real in so many use-cases (esp security). I'd like to see more companies dramatically bringing the costs down and eliminating other barriers to entry with affordable prices. Example of the problems and what kind of work we're looking at: http://eejournal.com/archives/articles/20110104-elephant/ Example direction to go in: http://fpgacomputing.blogspot.com/2008/08/megahard-corp-open... I think the best model, though, is to do what the EDA vendors did: invest money into smart people, including in academia, to solve the NP-hard problems of each tool phase with incremental improvements over time. I'm thinking a non-profit with continuous funding by the likes of Google, Facebook, Microsoft, Wall St firms, etc. A membership fee plus licensing tools at cost, which continues to go down, might do it. Start with simpler problems such as place-and-route and ASIC gate-level simulation to deliver fast, easy-to-use, low cost tools. Savings against EDA tools bring in more members and customers whose money can be invested in maintaining those tools plus funding hardest ones (esp high-level synthesis). Also, money goes into good logic libraries for affordable process nodes. Non-commercial use is free but I.P. must be shared with members. Setup right, this thing could fund the hard stuff with commercial activity and benefit from academic/FOSS style submissions. With right structure, it also won't go away due to an acquisition or someone running out of money. Open source projects don't die: they just become unmaintained, temporarily or permanently. Someone can pick up the ball later. Thoughts? I had an idea, more a need, for something like this many years ago. It came back to my mind when OpenBSD needed funding partly due to all the different pieces of hardware they test on. Wouldn't it be nice for portability-focused projects to be able to pool together resources on hardware to cut down on it? Anyway, awesome to see AWS doing it in practice. As usual, it will be more interesting to see what happens when competition turns up. Cloud space has more innovation and cut-throat competition than many IT sectors. Can't wait to see what the competition costs. ;) They're extremely simple, have no moving parts, and the materials/processes of semiconductor fabs optimize to ensure they get done right. The whole chip will often fail if transistors are fabbed incorrectly and rest end up in errata sheets where you work around them. Environmental effects are reduced with Silicon-on-Insulator (SOI), rad-hard methods, immunity-aware programming, and so on. Architectures such as Tandem's NonStop assumed there'd be plenty of failures and just ran things in lockstep with redundant components. So, simplicity and hard work by fab designers is 90+% of it. There's whole fields and processes dedicated to the rest. Cant the erratic behavior of the transistors (eg flawed ones overheating) cause their logical function to fail? Past that question, Ive still plenty to learn on hardware and will take your word for it about errata sheets. Sounds right given the things described in them. Interesting article and interesting guy. I like the work he and his team does on these apps. Unfortunately, they typically run on the type of endpoints that everyone from script kiddies with money to High Strength Attackers can hit. Usually alongside apps not as strong as theirs on TCB's that can at best be described as insecure foundations. I recommend against such apps and platforms for anything other than stopping the riff raff. That's what I use them for. I pointed out the difference between secure code and secure systems in this [1] writeup. Shared much of my framework for analyzing or designing-in security in the process. The TCB of most solutions today is ridiculous: people are building on foundations of quicksand. There's only a few exceptions I've seen such as GenodeOS (architecturally) or Markus Ottela's Tinfoil Chat. Markus has been unusually alert to our concerns and updated his app appropriately even for covert, channel suppression. Quick question: which of the many crypto apps on the market can deliver a covert channel analysis to you at app and system level? Answer: few to none despite it's importance over decades with a rediscovery in past 5+ years in mainstream security. Strong security is hard. Moxie seems awesome as a coder and good to great in both crypto and OPSEC. Thing is, his offerings break the decades old rule of having a strong TCB. Just like most of the rest. It's why they're usually bypassed or broken by strong attackers. Gotta do the whole thing with concern for each aspect of the system. TFC is a clever cheat on that even more than my MILS scheme with a KVM and a highly-assured guard. If you don't cheat around it, you better do it right or your users will suffer the consequences. Those trying to contain vulnerabilities of mainstream OS's and components with any success are expending literally hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of labor per year. It's why I push for clean-slate, hardware and software platforms like DARPA and NSF have been funding recently (eg SAFE, CHERI processors). Alternatives using COTS tech are pretty complex and most users will probably fail to secure them to be honest. [1] https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2013/01/essay_on_fbi-... My bad. Glad I caught it before I went to sleep. Trusted Computing Base (TCB): everything in a system that the security argument depends on. Bigger and more complex the worse. Tinfoil Chat (TFC). MILS = separation kernels, basically. A more secure form of microkernel. KVM = Keyboard-Video-Mouse switch for separate, physical devices. COTS is commercial tech and FOSS is often developed with similarly low-quality methods. Hope that helps in your translation of the comment. There's quite a few that's been developed in both business and academia with some deployed. NSA didn't do shit except maybe backdoor the closed ones. Genode.org is one of better-structured one's that's FOSS and usable today. Build on it. You can also negotiate source from one of the separation kernel vendors, compile it on target of your choice, and port L4Linux (user-mode Linux) to it to keep legacy apps. CHERI processor and CheriBSD are open source. EROS source was published and could be extended. JX Operating System has almost everything under JVM's safety protections with relatively small TCB. Cool tools like Softbound and Astree knock out bugs in what's left. There's many tools to start with to get smaller, strong TCB's. They're just the only one's the open-source community doesn't work on. Tiny, tiny set of exceptions. People not wanting to worry about it can just build on Tinfoil Chat: largely eliminated TCB with clever use of data diodes and physical separation. A Moxie-coded version of that portable to arbitrary embedded systems could be made NSA-proof. So, there's options for anyone wanting to get started. Meanwhile, I'll keep using GPG on airgapped machines with diverse hardware and interface protection. Only thing that works per Snowden leaks. For now... I gotcha. Appreciate the tip. Entertaining and terrifying article. Now I get to loose a bit more sleep on this. (sighs) Going to pass that favor along by forwarding the link to other inhabitants of this power keg (read: death trap) that is the Mid-South. More seriously, the situation isn't unknown over here. Many of us are told what happened as campfire stories and such. Running the "Mighty Mississippi" backwards plus creating Realfoot Lake [1] left us in shock and awe. Especially after fishing at Realfoot. Then we tried to calm down by asking when the next one is coming and what they did to prevent us from being buried in rubble. The answers... didn't calm us down one bit... The New Madrid fault's potential is so devastating that people either leave the area or just put it out of their mind until some asshole writes another article lol. The worst thing is we have bad storms, tornados, and potential for a major earthquake. The protections against the first two tend to make the other one worse. And vice versa. Tapei 101 has an interesting solution but Mighty Madrid would probably throw that sucker right out of the ground (or sink it). Not being in the area is literally the only safe strategy. I just hope the Big One doesn't hit during one of the many tornado invasions... [1] http://www.panoramio.com/photo/3713836 I've lived in those places and agree. If anything, we'd have "wtf" looks on our face trying to figure out what the sound was and which idiot was doing it. If we hear gunshots, we make ourselves invisible while carefully assessing source, distance, and whether we're the target. It's usually over before we even do, we roll our eyes, and go back out our business. Sometimes, you'll see such people mock suburban type's chaotic reactions to situations that normally don't happen in their sleepy towns. Mostly, we just don't care if gunfire is happening so long as the bullets aren't coming at us. Now, moving from an area with lots of drive-by's to an area with redneck neighbors spontaneously shooting in their backyards was an adjustment. Lol... He had more personality than most in his writing. Insults aren't necessary for that but they didn't bother me. He can find out how sensitive people are when he says it to our face and experiences the reaction firsthand. He instead said it safely behind his computer once at a great distance away from the people he's describing. Says more about him. ;) Lmao that's hilarious. "Hey, it's one of those things that put objects through brick walls and fling trailers through the air. Let's get close to it!" I nominate them for At-Risk Survivor status on Darwin Award page. Exactly... Download the Tokeneer project's Z specifications and Ada source code to see the difference. I'm sure it will nicely illustrate it. The best language for that is Ada 2012 which now has Design by Contract. There's tools, such as SPARK, to throughly prove or test it free of many problems. Eiffel has had Design-by-Contract for a while, but I'm not familiar with its tools. There's tools for similarly interface and implementation checking C, C#, and Java programs. So, best route is one of these languages with the tools, good coding guidelines, and formal inspections of design/code/docs for common issues. I know I replied in another thread but Ur/Web uses a rich type system to make reliable web applications. Just popped into my head. Opa language does too. Check them out. http://plv.csail.mit.edu/ur/ http://opalang.org/ I agree on using dedicated hosting. However, average gaming systems are that powerful. I was digging for an above-average rig for a friend to play the latest games. The system I built him (Jackel) was 6 cores with 8GB of RAM and runs most of them very well. Only cost $700 with the Win7 license. At those prices, it would be a better deal than hosting after around a year given it would continue working and have resale value. Jackel Gaming Rig http://elitegamingcomputers.com/gaming-computers/#2 Cool experiment. I thought about trying this for streaming video or music to cheap devices in various places as well. For now, I just use my smartphone and WiFi as it's cheaper. :) Combining a fast, optimized web server with Lua for fast and robust web applications is a technique proven in the field by Barracuda Application Server [1]. It's good to see people trying it for server apps. Thing I like about such a combo is that simpler web stacks are easier to secure and have fewer ways to fail in general. [1] https://realtimelogic.com/products/barracuda-application-ser... It's also a unique experience for people using NoScript: a whole wall of links and a warning with no content at all. Most sites aren't so broken with NS running. Good catch! Forgot to mention it. Yeah, Chlipala certainly practices what he preaches by building lots of useful tools for the rest of us using the very methods he writes about. Moreover, tools that catch or prevent lots of problems in other useful apps or tools. The kind of researcher and research we can always use more of. :) Far as shooting, there was little danger from either so long as you don't antagonize them. The drive-by's were more dangerous in terms of stray bullets given rednecks were in rural areas and tended to shoot in directions without many homes. In terms of face-to-face, rednecks are worse as I've never had a drive-by targeted at me but plenty of rednecks made up a reason in their head to start some stuff. And they're usually tough and have back-up with more than 9's. Fortunately, they'll shout or fight 10x more often than they'd shoot so I've never had to use a weapon on them other than these knuckles. Best to avoid the worst of both rednecks and people in the hood. That said, plenty of rednecks and people in the hood are alright day-to-day. Some are pretty awesome. I had plenty of fun with and learned plenty from both types of people. Hood rats taught how to hustle better. Rednecks taught me how to shoot more interesting guns. ;) I have so many tornado stories from Tennessee and Mississippi it isn't funny. My mom says I was jerked off the ground (in her hand) by one when I was a kid but I must've blocked it out. One time we were in the trailer in the bathroom... wishful survival thinking I know... when she got sucked into the vent she was laying on due to air pressure, vacuum, or something. My dad had to pull her off it. Another time at school some people wanted to get to their family [against our recommendations] but two people couldn't pull the door open against the tornado's winds forcing it shut. Another time was a storm rather than tornado with 90mph windows that had me practically crawling to the house, garbage cans rolling down streets, and cars barely keeping on their path. Most recent was when we lost our shed to either a tornado or intense storm. I was temporarily living somewhere else & can't recall details except to say there's no trace of it in the backyard lol. House is fine, though, except for constant roof work. So, I was thinking on these underground houses as a potential solution to that and then there's this article on New Madrid fault... (sighs) XNU: The story of the kernel designers that should've listened to Liedtke. ;) It is an interesting compromise, though. Agreed. It's why I stay off Reddit. Let's test the title against proposed alternative with one sentence in the article: "even though that flow is unproven in the scientific literature on psychopathy" So, a lot of speculation with no evidence to back it makes the existence of psychopaths a myth. Further, the article intentionally ignores research that supports the existence of people with their alleged traits, even neurological differences. Pop psychology and religious rhetoric are far from the only things that went into it. So, the article's claims are unbalanced, weak, and defeat themselves for now with above quote. I've met... many... that meet their description. Some I know had decent parents and childhood. The thing they had in common is they saw people like objects rather than people. That was most distinctive. Being a bit impulsive and anal about certain things was another. All could present themselves in whatever way they needed to in front of a given audience. Some I've read on but didn't meet had compulsive violence with even sexual arousal. Did they learn that and with what practice that hardwires one's junk to a woman's screams? So, esp with some having good childhoods, it's hard for me to believe they just transformed into this by making some choices. Seems more likely to be innate. Still a possibility that much of this was learned behavior but I'm just saying I lean in a different direction given what I've seen and heard dealing with them. People attaching a label to evil, persistent, damaging behavior worry you more than the people behaving that way? That's an interesting perspective you have there... I certainly believe you can learn to do this. Yet, any cases where it starts in childhood and without people pushing it would seem to indicate an innate ability. Where did the kid learn compulsive, remorseless violence? I'll add that people believe that we can start with many initial states from the palette of what we see in people. Our genetics push us in a certain direction from the get go. The traits of a psychopath can't be among them? It... always... has to be learned? It would be a strange exception to make without evidence. I say we consider defining it by what most innately do with minimal coaching. Every kid experiences being wronged or hurt to some degree. A certain amount of that is unrealistic expectations and learning to tell the difference. A subset of it that most share is what we consider unethical acts. That our most primitive minds have a way to derive that suggests, at least for humans, there's a baseline that's somewhat objective. That's the nature part. There's exceptions to it clearly. Then, nature and nurture work together from there with nurture having more an impact. You gave good examples of that. So applying a label is more harmful to you than causing harm with or without a label. Let me test it: your view is short-sighted. If I was right, you roll your eyes or get irritated. If you were right, then you seeing it led to a feeling of being violated, potentially shortness of breath, lost sleep, and possibly post-traumatic stress disorder. Is this how you feel? Your other point makes sense. I think it's what your getting at. How people categorize other people can lead to them harming them and often does. This is part of human nature I'm afraid: shows up everywhere with every kind of people with very few exceptions. Your boss vs employee example is decent until you take it to the extreme to support your agenda. An extreme that's rare. Now, let's try a different take with an actual person in my categorization. He's a nice-looking, sharply-dressed, young manager from a fairly typical family with typical good and bad per people that grew up with him. He picks fights with underlings who are good workers but don't play politics (image worse than him). He wittily cuts them, sets them up for problems, and has enjoyment in his eyes. He regularly deceives both new hires and existing staff in games that benefit him at their other expense. Far from remorse, the more agony and rage people break out into the more there's a glimmer in his eyes. His calm, confident, and apparently caring demeanor around most employees and other management ensure his victim's rage fit appears to be their own personal problems. He cunningly tells a believable story that pushes all the right buttons. They quit. If anything, he's good at getting troubling workers out of the place the others think with some on the fence and a few seeing his game but quiet. I call him a psychopath, born or learned, because he acts like one. His victims used the same word although it's certainly a pop psych term & that's expected. How would you describe this person to a third party, especially a layperson, that captured these traits adequately? Note: He eventually did leave the place... in handcuffs... for allegedly fondling his hot gf's... daughter. The look on his face in the mugshot wasn't shame or guilt. It was a look I've seen 100+ times on kids & teens: "Shit I got caught." I totally agree. In discussions on race and gender discrimination, I often argue that these are evidence of human nature's trend to (a) group together + support those similar to oneself; (b) compete with or mistreat those outside the group. It's a nice abstraction on top of all the forms I've seen of this that gets to the real issue. Now, the specific forms of it certainly develop their own mental baggage and reinforcements on top of this. Yet, without being a sociology/psych major, I think this is a normal thing that should be recognized and hit head on by any reformists. That it's a weakness in human nature must be understood before it can be beaten. Otherwise, strawmen and red herrings abound. Far as DSM, that is very significant. Far as evidence, most evidence I've seen were articles written talking about various studies or research in the literature. That's how I get a lot of information outside my field. They talked about case studies on them, some were different from birth, and some were neurologically different than most people in terms of how their brains processed situations. Or were my sources bad and there's nothing supporting the existence of people whose brains seem wired to act with psychopathic traits? It's possible it was misreported given I don't have journal access to most of the publications. If so, I'd also appreciate a good source that survey's the literature on the subject and shows what's learned/unknown. That point about popular adaption was good. It's clear that what psychologists are debating and what happens on TV are different. Far as sociopath vs psychopath, psychologists tell me they're both mostly pop-psych terms with meanings that vary due to who you're talking to. The only one they mention is Anti-social Personality Disorder. I'm under the impression that they focus more on the potential psychopath's individual traits and less on the categorization itself. I've seen some interesting categorizations which seemed to be there just to have one. They treated the symptoms. He was an interesting character. He exhibited that kind of behavior. Yet, it could easily be his upbringing especially if growing up under and around hustlers. The guy might have never been taught better. So, I call that sort of thing bad character, a bit evil, but not all out psychopath in my book. This may not be everyone, but I tend to associate it with people who clearly have no conscience and seem to compulsively do these things. I've met them and they stand out from the average bad apple. Either the article or a commenter mentioned them getting back at people years later. The inability to let go without doing what they were compelled to do. Many I've met had that trait, too. That's why you figure out what pisses them off and avoid it. Assuming you can't avoid them... (sighs) It's really the Mach implementation, complexity, and performance that I have against it. Close to a decade was spent trying to secure Mach-based systems even at the design level. The L4-style and separation kernels took around a few years each to do it down to implementation. Other concerns were pushed into simplified components which could be independently verified and even run in kernel-mode if absolutely necessary for performance. A similar approach with a UNIX would be Minix 3 or GenodeOS. And IPC on L4 and sep kernels is FAST: often stays in L1 cache. :) Although I still prefer pointer-passing architectures instead for performance. Just not many capability-centered hardware schemes around anymore outside CheriBSD. So, we gotta work the MMU and kernel/user mode to our benefit. Take what we can get. EDIT: to add "what we can get." Submitted prematurely for unknown reason. Start with an existing language (Brand X). Reimplement it almost identically with modern-looking syntax. Improve and worsen it with some change. Give it a new name. Apparently a method that works: http://cowlark.com/2009-11-15-go/ In all seriousness, though, they could've just independently rediscovered a lot of wise design decisions. Strange if they'd never seen this one studying programming language history, though. I'm with the author wishing they applied the innovations that have happened in recent decades or even new ones. Julia is an example of an imperative one that tries to do that. Interesting and fun article to read. I'm with Disqus commenter, Michael Hanlon, in finding it strange that the two don't co-exist to some degree. We should've found evidence of it already given all the tools we use on stuff we analyze. I doubt it exists for now. As I told him, the biological mechanisms we see in use might be as fundamental as the reasons that most objects in the universe are stars burning hydrogen. Might just be a constraint in how things are formed given universe's rules. Or not and we discover a shadow biosphere if we're lucky. :) Far as a different code, I remember reading an article somewhere on an inventor that created a bulk genetic engineering process. It iterates whole sets of modified organisms with tons of different mods until the desired effect (eg production of a chemical) is detected. Then it tries to isolate the modification that achieved that and test its reliability for future, precision work. In response to safety concerns, the article reported that they were thinking about creating an artificial DNA-alternative for their process to keep it from producing out of control creations. I had doubts on their ability to do that or its ability to work lol. Anyone remember that article or know where that tech went? Closest thing to shadow biosphere concept I've seen in my news feed albeit artificial. An interesting concept I found while looking up the Desert Varnish, which already has better explanations. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Biological_dark_matter Thanks for the talk as it was interesting! A friend who pushes Go on other forums talked about how it reminded him of programming in his favorite, Wirth-style languages. Interesting that re-creating that experience was an explicit design goal with them drawing on good features of Wirth languages, ALGOL60 (not ALGOL68), and others. The ALGOL60 quote was similarly impressive: "Hoare said of it, 'Here is a language so far ahead of its time, that it was not only an improvement on its predecessors, but also nearly all its successors .'" Quite an achievement. It was had by using only experienced language designers on the committee. Modern committee-driven actions could learn from this technique of using people with brains and experience. One of their smartest moves was how they marketed it. Many nice language designs happen but don't get any traction. Their design choices, tooling efforts, and big company support have been much better than the Java rollout and many minor attempts. My hope for the language is that it replaces the use of C# and Java in as many places as possible so people don't have to learn all that mess in maintenance phase. The simpler language should make for nice legacy code work, I think. Bookmarking the article. I've always applied a certain amount of research to the other fields. Usually it gets results. That everyone studying this topic is saying different things tells me more about the field of psychology than my own research methods. That's not surprising given that it doesn't even count as science in some places. Back to the topic. Sure non-criminal, adults forgo emotions on the job after essentially being trained to do so. Probably learned it over time with other life experiences requiring the same thing. Yet, how did the younger one's learn to have no empathy or feelings? What exact path leads to other people's suffering exciting them or causing sexual arousal? What individual experience lead people to compulsively commit harm or deception against their own intentions? Most of this stuff doesn't seem like it should pop out of nowhere. If it does, it was probably innate. Otherwise, it was learned through some kind of experience and what experiences cause these things to become habits? Quite debatable. There's too little, hard evidence presented on most sides of these things. People in my position could do better if we had some. "Anyway, not sure why you would want to dabble in some other fields and expect the same results without equal level of efforts." Nice fallacy and troll tactic given nobody said that. Unsurprising that this is also your first post. Goodbye, troll. I love it! Looks more interesting than most stuff I've seen people draw on acid. No surprise there were a lot of drug users interested in it lol. More professionally, great that we have so many ways of debugging them now which are visual and hence easier for developers to understand. Mainstream developers often make such a mistake as they chase fads: just don't worry about them. Your focus is a niche with less press anyway. My specialty high assurance systems & security. I like your language because it's safe like ML, extends that to Web stuff, doesn't treat DB's like an afterthought, and integrates whole stack without the mess of mainstream stuff. I'd expect Opa apps to be more robust than average web app. The only thing I didn't like is you porting the backend to Javascript, a step backward in assurance. Hard enough to do an EAL7, JavaCard VM or non-optimizing C compiler. A Javascript implementation might be a PhD's worth of work. Yet, I understand why you did it and it made some sense for your market. I'm sure people wanting more assurance could always modify the backend to target something simpler, right? Your main competition, that I see, are Ur/Web and the Ocaml/Haskell frameworks. I recommend that you continue doing what you're doing while copying any great things you see in those communities along the way. Especially ways to leverage type system to prevent problems. I think just good marketing, library support, fixing some of what people are griping about, and some major success stories in the media is all you need. Best wishes on your work as it's one of rare few that leans toward a Correct-by-Construction approach to web applications. Need more of those. I was gonna suggest MirageOS but held off. Since you said it, by all means do the port. Ill look at the stuff in the link when Im on desktop. Check out Genode.org, MINIX 3, or QNX. Seem to have gotten a lot more done than Hurd despite being microkernel-based OS's. KeyKOS is one of the best from back in the day with EROS being a nice x86 variant of it. Turaya Desktop is based on Perseus Framework. Many working systems in production from timesharing to embedded to desktop that are microkernel-based. Hurd and Mach's problems are most likely due to design choices that created problems. The communication would've happened anyway. Now it just happens through a common mechanism with strong isolation. That all the most resilient systems, especially in safety-critical space, are microkernels speaks for itself. For instance, MINIX 3 is already quite robust for a system that's had hardly any work at all on it. Windows and UNIX systems each took around a decade to approach that. Just the driver isolation by itself goes a long way. Now, I'd prefer an architecture where we can use regular programming languages and function calls. A number of past and present hardware architectures are designed to protect things such as pointers or control flow. Those in production are not, but have MMU's & at least two rings. So, apps on them will both get breached due to inherently broken architecture and can be isolated through microkernel architecture with interface protections, too. So, it's really a kludgey solution to a problem caused by stupid hardware. Still hasn't been a single monolithic system to match their reliability, security, and maintenance without clustering, though. And yet, the monolithic systems (esp Linux) proved to have all the problems predicted. Shapiro did a nice job showing how ridiculous Linus's claim is in Round 2 of the debate, which you left off: http://www.coyotos.org/docs/misc/linus-rebuttal.html Can't help but repeat a main point: there are many high assurance (reliability or security) microkernel-based systems that have been fielded but not a single one has achieved this based on the monolithic model Linus loves. QED. I'm not Hurd supporter but that's an interesting idea. I'd say replace Scheme with Python or something mainstream that's similarly powerful. Adding LISP to stuff usually kills it off unfortunately, with Clojure a freak occurrence. The transactional upgrades and rollbacks feature by itself would be compelling to some audiences. I'd be interested in hearing Animats' opinion. My guess is that it stayed simpler than Mach but not too simple. Right tradeoffs in the kernel along with fitting into the tiniest of cache and [typical of RTOS's] smart choice of instructions for predictable timing. Here's a paper on an older version of it: http://cseweb.ucsd.edu/~voelker/cse221/papers/qnx-paper92.pd... In 1992. it could execute in 8KB of cache with the microkernel and interrupt handler. That by itself should buy it some performance. :) Duke Nukem Forever shipped before Hurd. Duke Nukem Forever itself had some... delays [1]. Yet, it got done before Hurd and had 376,000+ installs. You've put Hurd's situation into perspective in a way I didn't think possible. Just wow. [1] http://news.softpedia.com/news/What-Happened-Since-Duke-Nuke... "Oh, you mean like Emacs." No I mean like... surveys the market... nearly everything else. The LISP field is almost non-existent outside of academia and a few companies. Almost nothing mainstream in proprietary or FOSS is built with it. Plus, most programmers hate it. So, using something like in a FOSS app intended to go mainstream is quite a risk. "Besides, Guile Scheme is the designated extension language of the GNU system." Oh Ok. That they're pushing people to use an unpopular language at least explains why the apps you cited used it. " In the GNU system Guile Scheme is "mainstream"." Nah, most programmers haven't heard of it. Of those that have, I'd bank on only a subset even using it. I'd say it's used by a tiny set of developers, esp extension builders. And for tools who mostly each represent a small amount of developers or users. You're really making my point for me by redefining the word mainstream to be "barely known software barely making it with a few exceptions." They should consider something that actually is mainstream as an experiment in increasing adoption. Probably some other things to reconsider while they're at it. The communication channel does get slower. The good news is that applications are often I/O bound: lots of comms can happen between such activity if designed for that. One trick used in the 90's was to modify a processor to greatly reduce both context switching and message passing overhead. A similar thing could be done today. Of course, if one can modify a CPU, I'd modify it to eliminate the need for message-passing microkernels. :) I think the team rolling in the money while delivering nothing was probably their end game. HURD's end game was delivering something that worked. In that case, the DNF team owns. :P What language is AutoCAD written in? And what percentage of successful products and projects use LISP? That's what I mean. It's the status quo of where LISP is in the marketplace. It's you that have to provide dozens to thousands of counterexampes to even illustrate a trend. They're not there. Whereas companies adopting PHP, Python, Ruby, Lua, and so on have no time finding help, libraries, or customers. Because they're mainstream and attract such people. See the difference now? Thanks for the detailed reply. I've saved it in case the topic comes up in another forum. The design is great. I get most of it. Security is a big, use case for microkernels these days. One part that jumps out at me is that receiver inherits sendor's priority and quantum during a transfer of control. I'm guessing the kernel manages the inheritance in storage only it controls, right? Otherwise, I could see issues coming up. So, it made a robust desktop, eh? I considered getting a copy of it but didn't have time. What do you think about integrating a knock-off of this kernel with MINIX 3 or GenodeOS? They seem to be the furthest ahead of the open, microkernel-based systems at getting to something usable. It's a great series of languages with plenty of advantages. There's still a small niche that uses it and one variant that's mainstreaming. Python is a knockoff of it with a decent standard library that grew wildly successful. It's why I recommend it as next best thing. "Do you have any examples? " Most articles written on history of LISP and its advantages come with examples of it going away in various companies or not getting adopted in general. Just try to recall how many of the following were done in (and still run on) LISP to see what I mean: processor support; operating systems; compilers; business apps; productivity tools; widely-used libraries; web services; popular FOSS apps or services; mobile apps or services; embedded systems. I'm sure your list in each is going to be tiny compared to the one's that chose alternative platforms. That's the LISP effect. Both commercial products and FLOSS have continuously fleed from the LISP's. Those that used mainstream alternatives got plenty of success. Just compare... pick a variant... a LISP's success against C/C++, C#, Java, PHP, Python and so on. You can have a great idea but hardly anyone will contribute to it if it's LISP. Clojure's been the only exception, it's tied to JVM, and still is barely a blip [1] on the overall radar. So, that's what I mean. You can use what increases odds of extension or adoption. Or you can use LISP with difficulty getting commercial or FOSS help. Now, the types of people that can churn out great LISP might be worth the extra effort and money. Jane St has a similar philosophy for Ocaml. Just worth knowing it's going to be an uphill battle compared to the alternatives. [1] http://langpop.com/ I'd like to see a battery of tests to see where it's truly at. Yet, there's still not a MINIX Hater's Handbook or something similar. That's more than UNIX's beginnings can say. ;) The thing that gets me in all these discussions is people acting like we can't build a protection mechanism that stops A from getting in but not B. Yet, these same people in another context say we can using words such as VPN, port-knocking, TLS, SSH, and so on. We do it all the time with some solutions being quite strong. If anything, a robustly-designed R.A.T. or escrow is nowhere near as threatening than the average app or network protocol on endpoint: practically backdoor generators in practice and their 0-days are the main way High Strength Attackers hit targets. So, first we should stop with the double standard. There exist mechanisms that work well enough in practice which allow selective access to systems (aka front-door). There's also decent work in limiting such access, auditing it, escrowing, and so on. NSA also already does the escrow for its Type 1 encryption products with all key material managed and protected by their EKMS system [1]. If it got visibly breached, we'd probably have seen evidence of it. So, I'll skip straight to the other issues that popped up in peer review when I published a few attempts at a secure solution to the L.I. problem. Will it have security problems in general? Yes. Damage can be limited in a number of ways, esp if scheme is decentralized. Yet, it adds risk on top of what we already given even rigorously-built solutions have had issues. Will there be authentication forgeries for LEO requests? Yes. This might be a one-off, quickly detected thing. It might be unlimited depending on how the breach goes. Sender and receiver must be protected across the board. LEO's track record isn't good. High risk here. Does the government have a history of abusing its access and deceiving about its usage? Yes. A great reason not to do L.I. Will the government agree to a L.I. scheme with a strong foundation for security that ensures read-only access for a limited period and can't subvert system? Clive Robinson suggests that even a theoretically, bulletproof L.I. system won't be acceptable if it limits them and it will be forced to be more "flexible" by their sway over courts/lawmakers. Seems true given current situation. Can they prevent attacks via malicious sys-admins or infiltrators? Snowden says no and with quite the credibility. ;) High risk here. And the big one: will the KEYMAT-holder survive the inevitable attacks of all intelligence services, hackers, and organized crime combined? And all the things they will do to the organization or its employees ? Gravely, high risk here. Dirk Praet brought up the last question in a discussion where I had tried to cover every single angle in design, personnel, and ops. In the end, Dirk and Clive are right: the government will force the system to have too much privilege, centralization, and/or accessibility; data will be mass compromised in a free-for-all by the opponents. Whatever concrete requirements come out of such legislation will present vastly higher risk than with key escrow or remote administration tools in general. So, there's extremely high risk in warrant process, key storage even with HSM's, and organizations administering this even at SAP security level. More risk than any DOD, NSA, or FBI have faced before given the concentration of enemy effort that will occur. Their track record on smaller things shows they can't handle something that big. Even if they were honest as Boy Scouts, the risk assessment argues against the L.I. option 100% and regardless of what level of INFOSEC our mechanisms ensure. Also, if they were Boy Scouts, they couldn't think like the attackers enough to stop them. Proposal is untrustworthy whether they are or not. That's No^2. ;) [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electronic_Key_Management_Syst... Why do they call it the cloud? Because your exclusive I.P. just up and floats away one day. Stay out of the cloud. Invest in cost-efficient IT. Avoid so many issues. I predicted this specific one years back. I'm surprised I haven't heard more of it among cloud vendors. I did high-security systems so let's modify that for what I would trust. Five servers that offload TCP/IP, a firewall, VPN, and packet/session authentication onto a PCI card with hardened RTOS (ex: Sentinel's HYDRA firewall). Let's me send sanitized data directly to application through trusted interface among other things. Further, the business's I.P. must be protected: physical separation rather than virtualization + legal protection through regulation and contracts. It will also need to run constantly, be tested periodically by intentional fail-overs, and have predictable cost despite this. So, I spend 10-30 minutes Googling. I find Hong Kong and Switzerland are among best for regulations on data. Settle on Switzerland for various reasons. I haggle for a few hours with hosting companies to set up the deal. I have some hardware shipped 1-3 business days from other companies. We spend a few hours setting it up, doing disk encryption, configuring the guard (PCI card), setting up link encryption, and testing both sides in various ways. We save & standardize anything we figure out for scripted, instant deployment and testing when we scale out. I ship the relevant boxes to the datacenter. Meanwhile, I deploy the local boxes and thoroughly test the site. Offshore site is probably up before the week is over. I spend a day re-running the tests. I simulate a bunch of fail-overs in various situations to make sure it works no matter what. Once I'm confident in it, we move all the relevant data into both of them. We might have already done that before shipping it if the situation allowed & then we just move what changed. We transition our domain to point at the new service. The users use it. If it fails, it fails over to the other one. The cost is likely $1,000+/mo and pretty flat except for the times where it takes the main load. Not likely to overdo my cap with only 3 webservers, though. So, in summary, I have several secure boxes, total control of them, data at rest protection, data in transit protection, regulatory protection, acceptable network speed, predictable albeit higher cost, and long-term stability in various ways. It took around two weeks last time I did something like this. Given they usually charge for the rack, best to always ship a few extra boxes that stay off or idle: reduces impact of shipping time when boxes fail or workload increases. What does Amazon charge and with what wait for a comparable offering with strong host, network, and I.P. protection? Your post is mostly accurate. Yet, the number of maintained implementations doesn't tell me anything about whether it's mainstream or worth using. Brainfuck language has a whole page worth of variants, implementations, uses, IDE's and so on. I doubt anyone will argue that we should use it for commercial projects. ;) A maintained, active implementation is only a start for a language. For LISP, the market is small and fragmented. They've always had the problem of siloing off from each other while mostly not building enough standardized functionality to get momentum. The language also has lots of warts from the old days that it should eliminate (Clojure does a bit). They've mostly ignored all this and that's why the language doesn't go anywhere. That Python, inspired by LISP, lacks every one of these problems is probably a reason for its success. Far as LISP's, I thought about relearning it and taking another go at it. Racket is the most interesting to me in terms of power, available libraries, community, and IDE. My old trick was doing imperative programming in LISP for rapid iteration and then auto-generating equivalent code to be handed off to a C or C++ compiler. Let me macro out the hacks needed for portability, performance, and security in many cases. Plus, interactive development + incremental function compilation is AWESOME. Thinking on two lines this time. One is to redo my old approach with C and Go as the new targets. That lets me piggy-back on all their momentum with rapid prototyping and zero-to-low-overhead abstractions. Another is to reimplement Python & its standard lib in LISP in a way that integrates code in both. That should give a performance boost, a way into LISP for Python developers, and let me use Python code/libraries. Ton of work going into the latter. Really busy so not sure if I can do either. What do you think about the options? Physical isolation, control of whole environment, and more security/reliability/predictability when these are leveraged properly. You also have less legal risk if the FBI decides to kick in that colo's doors as they have in the past and seize shared servers just because one client was on it. I doubt the quantitative risk of this is high but I like risks not existing where possible. And you're never investing in IT if you are doing IaaS or PaaS: you're just paying a third party for a temporary good. Colocation is investing in IT because you own the equipment and what's in it. The other parts are their problem with them having a financial incentive (eg competitiveness) to improve them over time. Cloud can shut down tomorrow and what do you get out of that? If it's my PC with my data, I can get it back from them somehow and people trying to stop that might face criminal charges. A VPS service shutting down means my system probably ceases to exist unless they have specific provisions for the situation that work during bankruptcy. You might know of them since you clearly study the cloud offerings more. I don't so I stay in a low-risk situation. Nice writeup. If I.P. is even an issue, it should be advice given to them about copyright, NDA's, trade secrets, and patent protection. They should be better equipped to utilize them during and after the hackathon to protect their stuff. I could see maybe a shrink-wrap agreement like what's built into, say, Apache license that just CYA's the host against BS. I can see it because trolls are on the rise in general and might start pulling crap with hackathons. I can also see an explicit agreement by host giving up any claims on the I.P. as an assurance for participants. Truth told, any startup producing something must absolutely control their intellectual property to achieve best results at deal time. I'd call out any group undermining that as irresponsible or predatory. I'd probably not go soft about it as you did, either. Not critiquing you rather than saying an I.P. transfer agreement at a hackathon is so obviously bad and scheming I'd call them out without hesitation. If they tried, it would be the shortest libel lawsuit ever lol. We have a really bad problem with potholes out here. That's a great example as I could see both bicyclists and motorcyclists possibly making use of that. It could straight up save their life on a motorcycle. I think a iPhone and Android compatible mobile app that lets you log one based on location data would be relatively straight-forward. Someone should take a stab at it. The RISC-V activity is very interesting. I particularly love that they did a 1.4GHz core on 48nm SOI and are working on 28nm level. This knocks out some of the early, hard work of getting competitive hardware at an advanced process node. I'd like to see two things in this work: microprogrammed variant with an assembly or HLL to microcode compiler; tagged variant like SAFE/CHERI processors with IO/MMU that seemlessly adds & removes tags during DMA. That would be way better for security-critical applications than most of what's out there. Multi-core would help, too. Meanwhile, Gaisler's SPARC cores are commercial, open-source, customizable, support up to 4 cores in Leon4, integrated with most necessary I.P., and can leverage the SPARC ecosystem. Anyone trying to do an open processor can get quite the head-start with that. A few academic and commercial works are already using it. Plus, the SPARC architecture is open as such that you only pay around $100 for the right to use its name. So, Gaisler's SPARC cores with eASIC's Nextreme seems to be the best way to rapidly get something going. The long-term bet is RISC-V and they could do well copying Gaisler's easy customization strategy. Might be doing that already with their CPU generator, etc: I just read the Rocket paper so far. The solutions built with one can include a way to transition to the other over time. We've had discussions talking about how cloud industry could learn from supercomputing industry's successes/failures and vice versa. Pretty awesome for me to see a supercomputing-style company with the cloud model. That could've been great for research I did in the past where I needed supercomputer time but it's cost or administrative issues were prohibitive. I expect to see interesting things come out of this. This is a product that seems to have the right features, is very flexible, and is extremely usable. That's a great combination in INFOSEC. As usual, I assume low assurance methods and plenty 0-days waiting until proven otherwise with rigorous review. Yet, doing a great job on the first part can generate enough revenue to gradually improve on the second part. I wish them luck. Thanks for posting it. That was the report on a business I actually enjoyed reading. It has personality and good advice embedded in it. If I was a shareholder, this particular quote would have me feeling quite assured: "Indeed, we are far more conservative in avoiding risk than most large insurers. For example, if the insurance industry should experience a $250 billion loss from some mega-catastrophe – a loss about triple anything it has ever experienced – Berkshire as a whole would likely record a significant profit for the year because of its many streams of earnings. We would also remain awash in cash and be looking for large opportunities in a market that might well have gone into shock. Meanwhile, other major insurers and reinsurers would be far in the red, if not facing insolvency." Smart. Good point. You can bet that popped into my mind when I was reading it: some of my own friends who saw it coming lost everything because they pulled their clients out of the bad investments. Which got bailed out and became the good investments. (sighs) I agree. It defies the common wisdom against putting all your eggs in one basket. Many of the biggest names in industry did the opposite by acquiring companies in both similar and very different industries. The reason is simple: losses in one might be offset by successes in another. Google should be growing big in other markets. They might also consider acquiring companies that could benefit from using Google technology and infrastructure as a competitive advantage. They get software for free and hardware (esp datacenters) at or right over cost. Oh, I agree with you that cloud offerings can be beneficial for a number of situations. I've strongly considered them for two areas in particular: non-confidential apps that need bandwidth that's too expensive to set up locally; one-off or temporary projects using non-confidential apps or data; backup storage of encrypted data or non-sensitive data. Hosting companies are usually good enough for most stuff but I've seen nice cost & ease of use arguments for above cases. I keep my eye open for other use cases I haven't seen. The tech I'm most excited about are the various private cloud, open hardware, and cloud software initiatives. This stuff can bring a lot of the advantages in-house with few of the issues I gripe about. I hope to see continued innovation in that area. I like how you ignored the most important stuff (first sentence) and a peripheral risk with precedent (second sentence) to focus on the lowest concern I had. Plus, that concern applies to more than Amazon: many vendors out there. Nice troll tactic, though. So he's saying more of what he already did than wondering about the future. Nice trick. Makes it even more likely to be true in next situation. Not as simple at all. I can teach people how to write software pretty quick. Those same people might take years to learn to make working hardware. Without extensive tool support, it can take them a lot longer as process nodes they work on get smaller. And you don't know if it works until you shell out big money for an ASIC prototype and probably do several iterations of that. The fact that you have to spend more money to test the design is the biggest difference. Eliminate all the rest with brilliant, well studied people and you still have that huge cost on a decent process node. Services such as MOSIS help but only so much. Open-source, gate-level testing and general verification tools would be a great investment in that they reduce this significantly. Well, a full suite of open source (or cheap) EDA tools in general would be nice but that's a whole different, pessimistic discussion. :( That's one point in the pessimistic discussion. Worse that most of the tools hit NP-hard problems whose solutions leverage a combination of public knowledge, esoteric wisdom (often trade secret), and many PhD's worth of algorithms. It's going to be... really hard... to duplicate them plus their results in proprietary or FOSS. Personally, I'd just suggest Bill Gates or another fat cat buy Mentor (cheapest) then dual-license their stuff and offer discounts for early years to startups. Or discount + royalty strategy. Results might get very interesting in terms of innovation. I think scale matters but so does complexity. Do you really think someone building TTL circuits will be able to do a 48nm design without EDA that's useful for something? Stuff quickly gets out of control to the point that designers depend on tools to catch all the problems. I can use a method such as Cleanroom, basic abstraction, and a homebrew Oberon/BASIC/LISP to design software of about any size on the market's cheapest PC. The ASIC's? I'm going to be begging for synthesis (RTL at the least) & place-and-route before the day is up on a non-toy project. The patent vs copyright law issue is huge. It's one of the reasons I haven't tried to bring a solution to market: can't defend the lawsuit and don't want to take one down. I thought on it a long time to try to determine a way to reduce risk. https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2014/03/friday_squid_... There's still risks as Clive Robinson notes further down. Making sure the technology is produced outside the U.S. could help. As Clive noted, there was a hardware engineer both of us talked to whose company specifically avoided the American market due to all the patent nonsense. He said they did fine without it. Corruption in Congress on the issue means it's not changing anytime soon. Most of the OoO patents are lapsed. This one is recent: http://www.freepatentsonline.com/y2015/0026442.html Who knows what it's patent status is. One can always do an in-order design. Has the advantage of determinism and ease of covert channel analysis. Nextreme 1 is 90nm, Nextreme 2 is 45nm and Nextreme 3 is 28nm. Their easicopy service mentions all three. So, am I missing something? Or can't you just put a Gaisler SPARC design on an arbitrary Nextreme for S-ASIC benefits and convert it to ASIC later when cash is available? Note: Gaisler's LEON3 and LEON4 are listed in their I.P. library list for Nextreme devices. Note 2: Avoiding FPGA's except in early stage due to high unit costs and energy use. My favorite, though, are the Achronix Speedsters and their asynchronous circuits. Badass. They'll get bought out, though. (sighs) I dabble in this stuff on occasion and enjoy reading about it. My first favorite was Danny Hillis' story [1] about designing sorting algorithms using genetic algorithms on a massively parallel machine. He also showed the power of co-evolution: both solutions and tests evolve. Later, I saw the HUMIE awards [2] show off what people have accomplished. Then, there was the nice article [3] on John Koza's Invention Machine. Plenty to get a person interested in the stuff. Yet, most of it happens in academia and paid industry with a lot of good information not easily accessible to non-experts. There's not as much momentum in developing easy to use tools and frameworks for most use cases like we see with, say, web applications. This limits the field to people willing to put in significant time in understanding the subject, the methods, their strengths/limitations, and the various implementations out there. Nonetheless, I at least enjoy reading the abstracts and know I could contract a specialist for a certain applications. [1] http://kk.org/mt-files/outofcontrol/ch15-d.html [2] http://www.genetic-programming.org/combined.html [3] http://www.popsci.com/scitech/article/2006-04/john-koza-has-... The Intel and Altera combination is especially exciting. The first time I got to see the real potential of FPGA's in practice was when SGI added them to NUMA machines. The onboard memory and interconnect meant no huge slowdown for going through PCI bottleneck. A FPGA fabric as a layer of a high-end, Intel chip with software & FPGA cooperation using on-chip interconnect would kill everything else in performance. The only thing better might be one of the POWER chips with a FPGA. Maybe IBM should buy Xilinx or Achronix... mwahahaha. I'll probably be able to afford Intel's, though, unlike IBM's. ;) To just that. What of the main points of dedicated vs VPS? Physical separation from other users defeats virtualization attack surface and many, covert channels immediately. Control down to hardware layer lets you do neat improvements to performance (eg custom drivers), maintenance (eg transactional kernels), and security (eg CheriBSD on FPGA-based CHERI processor). I also pointed out you can get more predictable with the implication of using a RTOS or other deterministic software + hardware combos. Heck, might even send in AS/400's, NonStop's, and/or OpenVMS clusters on cheap Alpha/Itanium servers to get uptime you haven't seen in cloud world: 17+ years for one OpenVMS cluster. Those are the strongest points that cloud can't touch at all so far. The cloud-style research on making something comparable with strong correctness arguments is in infancy and almost all academic R&D. Which implies things about what they're using now... Of course, the outages and papers at DEFCON etc already told us that, didn't they? Makes them not come off as a fad or BS scheme to get a VC exit on a non-product, yeah? Interesting traits. I hadn't noticed it until you pointed it out and then... what you said might be why I hadn't noticed them lol. I'll add that a tech company operating in stealth or low-buzz mode has the extra advantage of building up quite an income stream before competitors' marketing or legal teams notice. That money helps when either responds to the new threat to their market share. Some of the best companies I ran into in robust, software engineering are still unknowns. You don't see them or their methods on HN, Reddit, and so on. Yet, they continue to slowly grow and be profitable by word-of-mouth as they deliver results day in and day out. Nothing wrong with advertising but I admire those companies the most. Thing is, what individual or small group of them could I convince to spend almost $2 billion? Bill Gates has plenty more than that and would understand the value of the purchase. He's also trying to give away most of his fortune. Weren't any other names that popped into my mind. Suggestions? Oh OK. I thought all of them required masks lol. I didn't know they shortcutted around that for 90nm. That's awesome! Thanks for the tip. Far as FPGA, that was my model: prove it with FPGA, get to a certain volume, and then do a S-ASIC run. Important to note that I'm focused on security-critical apps. A FGPA's reprogrammability is a risk here. I thought there was a chance I might be able to skip the FPGA off and go straight to S-ASIC if I sell customers on fixed logic being safer. The anti-fuse FPGA's are my backup plan on that although I haven't thoroughly evaluated their actual security. "It's not mainstream, but there are people finding it worth using." Remember where this discussion started. They're trying to get Hurd mainstream. A person made a suggestion on that. It uses something that failed to mainstream almost every time and is mostly hated by mainstream programmers. So, I suggested not to use it if the goal is making something very popular. In light of that, LISP can have as many tiny communities as it likes: won't help this use case. "Python is not at all inspired by 'LISP' and not even by Lisp." My bad. Misremembered: it was ABC. "Common Lisp compilers do that C code generation for me. No need to write macros for that." Compiling a functional program to efficient C isn't the same as writing inherently efficient C in a functional language. An amateur like me threw together one in a short time while the other took many PhD's worth of effort to get in good shape. Most of them still don't outperform my old system because they try to solve a harder problem. "That has been tried already. Doesn't interest Lisp developers much. For a Lisp user there is little benefit of using a mix of Python and Lisp. Either use Python without Lisp or use Lisp, especially since Lisp has the better implementations and allows a wide range of applications." Makes sense. Appreciate the review. :) "The Lisp to C options exists already in multiple forms (GCL, ECL, MKCL, mocl and a few in-house implementations). Another Lisp to C++ is under development: CLASP." "The Lisp to C options exists already in multiple forms" I think you misread my comment. Your list are all LISP implementations with C or C++ support. My tech was a C/C++ implementation on LISP. A subset, more honestly, as I never needed the whole thing. I macro'd useful patterns to make it more like a BASIC-style 4GL. Those macro's had straightforward mapping to highly efficient C. The rest, much like BASIC, had straight-forward mapping. My style was imperative, the constructs were imperative, the target was imperative, and data types etc were all consistent. The result was a productivity boost over developing in C or C++ with interactive development, better debugging, less coding, automated checks at the flip of a switch, & automated generation of all the source & makefiles. I haven't seen anyone post something similar in years. So, what do you think of that kind of tool as a compromise between highly efficient, portable C and the safer, higher-level languages that aren't efficient enough for eg operating systems? Is such a thing worth rebuilding until functional compilers are good enough to wholesale replace C/C++ in their niche areas? "Python in Lisp also exists." In one paragraph, you say it's pointless and nobody is interesting. Then you give me a link to an implementation in another. Puzzling you are. Thanks for the link, though. :) There's groups in NSA that periodically release things to benefit government and industry. This is probably one of them. It looks like the kind of straight-forward thing a small team in government would put together. However, we also know the organization poisons solutions. So, I'd either review and rebuild from 3rd party source anything in this project; or avoid it in favor of a solution from a provider with a different mission. Besides, I'm sure the cloud and IT security communities have published better stuff elsewhere given the difficulties. If anything, NSA's IT seems behind the times again. Other than confirming my predictions, the takeaway to me for this article is that INFOSEC and OPSEC are hard sell even in a company full of hackers and wannabe spooks. Maybe they're just more stubborn than usual and it's not the norm. Yet, they're dealing with intelligence agencies, will be targeted by them, have already seen Gamma hit, and still have less security than a number of small to mid-sized firms. They were asking for it in too many ways to count. Just like that other company that was shattered after pissing off hackers and bragging about how they cheated on compliance activities. Let these be a lesson to the next firms.