Excellent work! Thanks also for responsible behavior on the pending flaws. Sorry, but this is a joke. The internet was indeed invented in Europe, but you have to acknowledge the inventors, not some unrelated causes. normally ted nelson is cited as most important cause. the early inventions were http and www in geneve, cern and in parallel hyper media browsing (htp and integrated browsers) at the tu graz. Not yet indexed by Play Store, but can be found by going to the http url. Oops, the problem is: My 2 T-Mobile HTC 4G phones are not compatible with this app. Neither T-Mobile Samsung SGH-T679, and Vodaphone Samsung GT-I9000. Only works on Asus Nexus 7. Guess it will not turn out as killer app then. This suggests other fixes, such as apk sizes http://stackoverflow.com/questions/10475954/why-does-the-goo... Because US tech companies still use MS Windows and their employers may use Facebook and Gmail on their PCs. Easy as that The boss wants putty, the user can edit .ssh/config by himself already. I especially chose code.google.com over github. After the SourceForge troubles I thought, this is a big company, which will not go away soon. I can trust them hosting my repos there. In comparison to github. But unfortunately github turned out to improve their stack constantly in contrast to googlecode, and now it seems they are also turning down downloads, though that would be a feature that is much cheaper for them to support than for github. It's minimum support cost, their bandwidth is free and almost unlimited. bad bad bad. I start to regret my decision. Though really, binary downloads for open source projects make not much sense nowadays. Compile from source or leave it to a distro. So, if windows users cannot deal with open source they should get it from closed source. The binary distros do exist. mingw or cygwin even have graphical UIs. Not a googlecode problem. I hate to provide binary dll's for lazy windows users. windows compilers are free nowadays. I can wholeheartely recommend this tool. With tsan I found a lot of races in parrot threads, which I didn't detect in months before. Those were all real issues. http://blogs.perl.org/users/rurban/2012/08/threadsanitizer.h... Welcome to micromanagement to its extreme So Turkey is helping preparing the first strike tomorrow morning. The UN inspectors are out finally, the chemical theatre took place again, and finally they strike can begin. Reportedly Saturday until Wednesday. The not-social encumbered myopenid bows down to social login's only. This is an interesting decision in the light of recent steps back from social login's over privacy misuses. There is a great potential for new services, which do not misuse globally trackable social logins. But I cannot find his previous open-sourced tool anymore, UNA. Now I'm only waiting for ZeroBrane to integrate the profiler into the IDE and LUA beats the rest by far. I'll try to integrate the profiler and debugging API into the lua derived potion and p2 as well. Dynamic and static parsing is different to just calling eval within the parser. "Dynamic parsing problems" such as solving the halting problem, by e.g. changing the prototypes or eval'ing code in BEGIN blocks are just small practical problems. In practice the parser only has to be GC-safe, which needs a few days work. | BEGIN b:block { p2_eval(P, b) } On the other hand the "dynamic vs static parsing" on perl11.org talks about compiling and extending parser rules at run-time, which needs a fast vm to do this. To be able to support macros. Not perl5, perl6 or nqp. Efficiency should be near the C level, but you shouldn't be forced to go the rakudo way with its insane bootstrapping and serialization overhead just to support BEGIN blocks in its stdlib and support run-time parsing. The JVM or .NET could do that, but I don't buy the overhead, esp. when you look at fast parser combinators in lua, lisp or look at maru, which is basically a jitting parser, bootstrapping itself. The author p2 because of perl11: 1+1=2 And 2 as the next perl, because it should solve the p5 problem, being not extendable and improvable. And the p6 vm problem being not fast enough, and being tied to inadequate vm's and mops. This is the idea at least. The p2 goal is to use as much non-conflicting p6 syntax within p5, and mark conflicting parts in special lexically scoped syntax blocks. But data and methods should be shared, the ast, compiler, vm, threads and event model ditto. Syntax blocks also allow easier ffi and sql interaction, { use syntax "C"; c declarations ... } being a nice FFI language, compared to "extern { c decls; ... }", which is also nice. We want to use efficient signatures, methods, classes, tasks, coros, promises, hyper operators, types, lazy lists and so in perl, regardless if you call it p5, p6 or p2. Yes, the crazy numbering numbering scheme is an inside joke. First we had the endless perl7 discussion just skipping over 6 and show some artifical progress in 5. Next came the moe folks (p5-mop in a new vm) who registered perl8.org as domain pointing to scala. Then came Ingy with the 5+6=11 idea. Whow $ zcat ~/Downloads/static.log.gz | perl -lne'if (m/ 200 (\d+)/) { print $1 }'|sort |uniq -c 390 0 523 10881 639 12479 16276 1279 178111 2602 1 4071 14 4072 63 4801 112 4812 9431 5097 27654 5821 110 5911 1348 6008 162 7884 256 8278 568 9035 1103 9634 That's a lot of changes Finally a proof that New Yorkers are more stupid than anyone else. They cannot predict the speed of approaching vehicles and thus have to be protected from such vehicles. I wonder how the city council found proof for that claim. I also hate those Deletionists who have no clue about what they are talking about, use no real names, but still are allowed to make decisions like this. In open source you could fork it, but unfortunately this doesn't work like this in Wikipedia. I dared to recreate it. May those uninformed deletionists come again. So far the new/old page got one positive review. True header. Don't write code first. First write the docs to understand the problem domain from the other side, the user, and come up with a better API. Then write the tests to support this API you came up with, and help structuring the code into small testable units. And lastly write the code. The business model needs not to be written, it must be simple enough to stay in your head and explain it to anybody in two sentences anyway. I always consider Spike Lee as technically worst filmmaker working today, and wondered who on earth did he get to rights for the Oldboy remake. He cannot even get the simpliest things right, and I wonder how often the DP needs to help him adjusting the shooting plan, tell him that he crossed the line and adjusted angles, and how much the editor has to fix. And we have to see the results. But with the Oldboy remake you would need a master, not an amateur with a hyper ego. Anyway, I decided to skip that desaster last year already. And now we see that he is also in other departments one of the lowest. Unrealistic. He has the last word on the posters being choosen. He already chose these posters, but was told that the guy asked for money. It was his decision to rip him off. He is the producer also. The controversy already started when we heard that Spike Lee (!), the amateur who doesn't even know the simpliest technical film skills got the rights. A similar controversy arose when M. Night Shyamalan sat on the rights for "Life of Pi" for a few years, but was ultimately replaced by Ang Lee. The only one who could master such a job. With the Oldboy remake it was clear from the beginning that it would lead to a desaster, but apparently the studio owed Spike Lee a big favor. Of course I agree with Dekorte. Having written compilers written in perl, C and LISP - the ones in perl in pure OO, and the ones in C and LISP without, I conclude that I rather add classes and methods to my compilers than trying to improve it without. In the one written in C, classes are supported by the intermediate VM though (dynamically typed, very similar to Io), which is still better than having to write it in horrible C++. Google is going now after DOD (defense = war) contracts? This is frightening indeed. asan being less feature complete than memcheck is arguably wrong. if you look at their feature overview https://code.google.com/p/address-sanitizer/wiki/ComparisonO... you'll see that they do detect stack oob and global oob (buffer overflows), and some use after return. being 10-20x faster also helps, that rarely someones uses valgrind (we found a lot of bugs even valgrind would have detected, if someone would have tried), but you can ship betas compiled with asan. Again he is spinning/lying about the word "collecting". Their interpretation of collection is still collecting + looking at it, while the rest of world still interprets collection as collection. Countermeasure: plastic http://eyebloc.com/ or just a small piece of paper on a tape, which looks better. http://hospitalityrisksolutions.files.wordpress.com/2013/02/... commonly called the bus factor. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bus_factor I believe we heard that some months before already. The biggest problem is IMHO their libcrypto still being used in Java and MS Windows. Interesting interview: - He obviously speaks german now quite fluently, so I assume he will stay in Berlin, in a much safer country. - Obviously the CIA still tries to get hands on the Snowden data to know how much and what exactly the journalists have, to be prepared. So they still don't have this information. This could eventually lead to better NSA reforms, as they still have to fear the worst. Yes: > The anger that motivated the writing of the Cookbook blinded me to the illogical notion that violence can be used to prevent violence. I see, right. Perl objects are even bigger and need one indirection per access. A perl head is 32 bytes plus 48 byte body, ie. 80byte on 64bit systems. For my perl rewrite p2 I need one single word per object on the stack. Common Lisps usually needs two words, the class pointer and the tagged value. I really liked the visualization of the various GC's btw. Excellent work! The important number is the avg pause time. Here with ruby 2.1 7ms for a minor and 58ms for a major sweep for a typical ~500K heap app. In my potion-based GC (a stack-scanning, compacting, cheney two-finger GC) the avg GC needs 3ms, but it's not concurrent (multi-threaded) yet. All of these can be considered real-time, i.e. The best java GC I found needed 150ms pause time. Good lisp's have real-time GCs. Ok, so let's agree on 6 years. In the EU had lifetime plus 30 years. The 70 years came from the US movie industry and was forced upon us. Excuse me? Do you have no idea what right the TSA has and how the TSA abuses their rights? Besides being highly overpaid and highly ineffective as mentioned by the Israeli airport security chief recently. Only in 3rd world countries like the US and some of the worst parts of Africa and Asia you have to wait over 1hr in the line on average, and it's better to avoid the worst airports, like Detroit, Chicago, Minneapolis, Atlanta or Newark at all to fly in from abroad. Paris CDG (de Gaulle), Heathrow, Rome and Istanbul are the worst in Europe and you still cannot compare it to any airport in the US when flying in. I don't think that the president has the effective power to do any harm to the security apparatus. He didn't even try so far, though it was rumored that he might go Bulworth some day. They probably have too much power and info over him. But at least he is still alive. JFK tried too but was eliminated by them, and afterwards only the Church committee tried to limit their power a bit, but not their budgets. The fact the Obama completely turned 180° on all security and constitutional matters from his senate times should tell you. The first and second act are quite plausible, but Jonze complelety blew it in the third, by introducing her crush on the influental hippie buddhist philosopher ("The Way of Zen") Alan Watts. Using AI to discuss jealousy and modern relations ships is too off. Agreed. The potion/QISH implementation of the two-finger cheney loop is extremely efficient even without register values (volatile), typically 3ms pause time on a mid-sized heap. Compare that to typical java or ruby pause times, starting from 25ms to typically 150-250ms. You need more memory though, as in most lisps it's using copying, i.e. compacting, not just simple mark&sweep. Incremental is doable, but you need to add GC state then, which is a bit tricky in threads. Actually libgc is pretty good. The US is in state of emergency, essential martial law since March 9, 1933. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/State_of_emergency#Ongoing Surprisingly shadow article for someone like Walter Bright. Just some basic recommendations, but nothing practical? No links to books, parsers, implementations? The easiest start would be "Compiler Construction using Flex and Bison" by Anthony A. Aaby, available as free pdf, and for adding LLVM to the mix the link would be: http://gnuu.org/2009/09/18/writing-your-own-toy-compiler/ There needs much more to be said, e.g. links to such languages which were written in a day and are not necessarily lisp or scheme. That would be too easy. I find it very naive to believe that the FBI agent filled out the form incorrectly. Looks like a bad excuse to me to get over that issue finally. It rather looks like that she was put on the list just because of an overzealous agent who didn't want to risc anything or maybe mixed up her name. And he didn't care to put that back, esp. after she complained. So they played the national security game for a while. How can government agencies still can get away with accusing someone of "theft" and accessing a "private computer" and "private documents" when they just publish documents on the web, and the public is consuming them? The fact that there was a HTTPAUTH protected login page in some up path on the site does not infer that the documents should have been protected. They are or they are not. And they looked legit, i.e. public. Esp. with government documents you are safe to assume that they are public, if they are public and look public. Given the latest news it is also very likely that the FBI with the help of some other government cyber-crime unit raided Silk Road 2. You will see it only when the thieves will try to sell or exchange the bitcoins. The FBI won't do, and it will be in the news sooner and later. > Actually Poland which is 2nd world country really, has better life expectancy that USA! Which is easy to explain the US also being just a 2nd world country. The difference is that the US standards are falling and the other 2nd world countries are mostly rising. Oh nice. They have now almost a Common Lisp environment. Getting closer to Greenspun's tenth rule. Sure. Ukrainian Security Service hired criminals and led criminals out of jail, gave them weapons and so they went shooting at the protesters. World news (i.e. US, UK and some other state sponsored news services) are still behind Yanukovich, so I wouldn't trust how they are spinning the events. Exactly the same for me. I was approached several times, tried the interview up to the second stage, but it was just horrible. Same as you explained. I also said, no thank you. Not any other technical company I interviewed with was THAT bad. They should really fire all their hiring personal. he was talking about scope here. hashes do not help much. assoc lists were important to implement dynamic environments simple and fast, which is not so easy with hash tables. In assoc lists you tolerate duplicates, but by putting new at the beginning you override/"shadow" the old ones, until you leave scope and use the old assoc list. and share the data! with hashes you have to actively delete or copy the tables. non-efficient and very complicated. Remember DSSSL anyone? Obviously worse was better Hell, those criminals were even granted immunity for their crimes. Forward immunity by letter 2511, and retrospective by the FISA Amendments Act of 2008. And just because the DOJ and the gov say it's legal does not mean it's legal per se. parrot is definitely not dead. Some people left. It has some architectural problems (missing 6model and slow method calls) and had to survive some destruction done over the last years, but it had a good jit and has better threads than moar, which will bite moar sooner or later. parrot threads are essentially lock-less and scale linearly, moar threads are traditional, they lock on every single hash, array or object access. The parrot jit will come back soon. And I just fixed all internal compiler optimizations, so parrot -O2 is safe again. On the other hand, the moar GC and calling convention is better than parrot, their new GC is a copying one, similar to the third vm targetting perl, p2 on potion. http://perl11.org/p2/ If this is the actual goal they are not even bad at hiring, which I can testify personally, they are also bad to be hired at. They cannot offer interesting jobs, their hiring practice and personnel sucks, their pay is not really competitive. Who wants to work for Google if you are >30 and experienced enough? You get free meals elsewhere also. Sure. LISP is always worth the time, even if you cannot use it at work. Technically still far superior to everything else out there. I heard Germany and Italy had many double taxation issues also, besides Australia, but they have at least treaties to avoid such. They only other state which goes after their people living abroad is Ethiopia, but they have double taxation treaties with at least Israel, Italy and South Africa. So yes, US tax laws are the worst. Come on, this guy is not everything. The first link I clicked was at the bottom left: Project which brought me to https://ramen.is/projects/ramen which explains everything in detail this guy did not find and searched for. Overall, looks a fancy new kickstarter site. I care about projects not kickstarter per se, so I like the idea how the projects are presented in ramen. Better description: http://techcrunch.com/2014/04/02/microsoft-updates-visual-st... I would have appreciated if you would also had described the downsides of using DynASM compared to other jitters. E.g. In lightning you don't care too much about the target architecture, as you jit to an abstract RISC machine. So the jit library is portable (not in DynASM), does handle the calling conventions for you (not in DynASM), and does register optimizations automatically (max 6 with lightning), again not in DynASM). The real trick you seem to like is the syntax abstraction, using | as prefix. But normal C can do the same with __asm(string) and it's easier to use C macros for portable ASM, and LISP jit libraries have long done the same, with the advantage in LISP that the JIT macros in lisp are part of the normal language. No need to deal with restricted C macros. If it would be that easy. ssh not, but all those. Some of them actually use the heartbeat feature. curl seems to be the worst. $ apt-cache showpkg libssl1.0.0 => http://perl514.cpanel.net/libssl1.0.0.depends (186 deps) I loved his Zortech compiler, esp. the nice GUI which beat all others, but mostly his C library which came with it. I used a lot of his libraries for while, until I decided that C/C++ is a dead end. With D he found his mojo, but people are still raving about Rust and are still mostly ignoring Walter. Big thanks to Facebook for deciding on D. Only ObjC came close but D is better. Is this a late April 1 joke? This should be the major argument against GnuTSL and OpenSSL. PolarSSL is symbolically verified! You can see some screenshots at http://blog.frama-c.com/ but unfortunately their frama-c annotations for polarssl are not open source. It would help a lot if such annotations could be used for similar crypto APIs also. There are many more such symbolic verifiers and bugfinders out there (using solvers), but Frama-C was one the first and is still one of the best. Their test system knows about valgrind and ASan and runs it if available. There's also a frama-c annotated version. not open source, but still this is exceptional. I'm just missing CPU specific optimizations (SSE, Altivec, ...) I'm not so sure about the fuzzer. We have several good symbolic fuzzers around by ourselves, like fuzzgrind, but not so many open symbolic bug finders, like BAP, MAYHEM, EXE, forensic, cmbc. It could also be that they just added symbolic annotations like with Frama-C (as done with portalssl) and found bugs thereby. openssl nor gnutls is not in the shape to add something like this by themselves. It's much easier to come up with workable exploits in decent time with symbolic input and the stp or z3 solver than with simple fuzzing. Klee, EXE, Forensic, cbmc, BAP all mix symbolic analysis with SAT solvers into the C parse tree, and can come up with input to contradict the assertions. (automatic testcases or exploits) Frama-C still beats all with it's interface, but Forensic is so nice that it even tells how the fix should look like. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Model_checking Frama-C does not say much, when do don't tell it what it should do. It needs to reason over symbolic facts, C code is not enough. It's not just another simple static code checker. You can look at the Frama-C blog what it does with a major openssl competitor, polarssl. http://blog.frama-c.com/ He missed Erlang, heavily used at Wall Street. In my experience I could concentrate much better on work, and got much more done. Esp. in wintertime, when depression can catch you much easier. Work is a good excuse to forget the private mess, and this needs time, at least a few months. Try to forget, get distraction, go outside. Looks like doing business with US companies is now in severe trouble as the US does not care to obey foreign privacy laws. At least it's official now. No serious concerns. Just the typical overly debian knee-jerk reaction to bring someone down by bullying "because we can" and not for technical merits. There was no argumentation why cacert should be removed. Maybe Assange was right? (I still doubt it, debian politicians are just as stupid and like to abuse their powers as any other politicians are) You do want to support a non-commercial and community driven CA cert authority, because you don't want to rely on commercial-only cert's which are not based on technical merits, just on friendship and common business interests. You really want a free HTTPS connection to your favorite open source projects login page, and do not force them to pay yearly CA update fees to not trustworthy cert authorities for no reason. Currently you need to add the cacert into your keychain on some distros manually. See http://wiki.cacert.org/FAQ/ImportRootCert Pathetic. Still waiting for one and a half year. Why should I pay a not-trustworthy company, when I can get one for free, from a widely respected and completely open sourced and community managed authority? Hash randomization avoids the O(n) attack on collisions if the randomized seed is not detectable. But if you don't sort the output of keys, rather depend on the random seed to iterate over the keys, the seed provides no protection anymore for the O(n) attack. It is very exposed and a minor security risc for DDoS attacks. Perl is bit better than Go here, but not as good as Python. The real problem is exposing too much information of the seed by the ordering of the keys, and not preventing the algorithmic explosion on collision attacks. Such languages should really rework their collision handling strategy and not rely on randomized seeds (which can be brute forced or easily guessed such as here) or even worse, by strengthening the hash function. TL;DR: The poster has no idea about hash tables, what Go did, why they did it, what the problem is and what should be improved. PS: His cygwin git blog post is also completely wrong. He uses msysgit with some msys openssl version and complains about cert warnings. Of course, he is not using cygwin. Nonsense. A high-level language developer uses the higher concepts to get more work done, in better ways, and less time. Hacks always strike back, sooner or later. Instead of "Codes like a class, works like an int!" they probably meant "Codes like a class, works like a struct". The fact that a final class cannot be represented and optimized to a simple struct in a non-dynamic language is really disturbing. Logarithmic is not constant. The fact that elm announces constant array access will not surprise anybody, as this is an inherent property of arrays. But then seeing that they have to use radix-trees for arrays and announcing it as constant is highly misleading. These guys should switch over to politics. And this only holds for immutable arrays! So even without push,pop,shift,unshift they have to use trees for arrays. That's almost a month old Regarding the "Perl 5 interpreter for the JVM": See rakudo-jvm. It can run perl5 and perl6 code, and has proper threading support, but the perl5 backend is still in development. Regarding the "Perl 5 to Javascript compiler": See perlito perlcc, the static C compiler is very stable and used in production. Nonsense. In industrial applications there's mostly german SW controlling the world market. They don't care that you never heard about it. Same problem for any graphical programming environment which doesn't provide proper software tools, like diff's for updates, tests, coverage, debugging. But nevertheless they are used and recommended very successfully. Matlab Simulink is a very similar environment used professionally to a much higher degree. There are extensions in some toolbox for graphical diffs, but who uses it? Who can review the diffs in a version control system? And those systems are pretty hard to debug also. In a 10Khz loop you cannot step through or set breakpoints and hardly do printf debugging. Looks good, but the syntax is ugly, and sol uses a much nicer type syntax and allows definitions of subtypes already. https://github.com/emilk/sol The limit is 15. Around this number Not to be mixed up with Alexei Shulgin, the popular internet artist from Moscow: http://www.easylife.org/ He is well and alive. He was not indicted because he was merely running a TOR exit node, he rather was indicted because chat protocols proved that he was aware of child porn being run over his server, and he even announced it to be better to run child porn over his server. http://m.futurezone.at/netzpolitik/tor-prozess-du-kannst-kin... he himself says in his blog that this protocol parts are out of context. he wanted to get access to certain botnets. I aligns to previously known data and studies that >50% of all black men in the age group 18-60 were in US prisons. I didn't know about the rates of young whites and hispanics. But given the enormous prisoner numbers in the US it also sounds plausible. Reading the letters would help. A physical attack. "Choking" But I would highly doubt her credibility having read her smear letter and the questioning methods they did those times, and the four years needed for the divorce. p64: from an "Los Angeles Times" report 7/18/56 "His ex-wife reportedly testified that on several occasions when she unwittingly disturbed either his calculus or his drums he flew into violent rage, during which time he choked her, threw pieces of bric-a-brac about and smashed the furniture." The other citations left out the choking part literally: "...the appointee's wife was granted a divorce from him because of appointee's constantly working calculus problems in his head as soon as awake, while driving car, sitting in living room, and so forth, and that his one hobby was playing his African drums. His ex-wife reportedly testified that on several occasions when she unwittingly disturbed either his calculus or his drums he flew into a violent rage, during which time he attacked her, threw pieces of bric-a-brac about and smashed the furniture." I wonder what she wrote on the deleted 13 consecutive pages attachment at the end about his "Evidence of Disloyalty" and "Personality and Character", that the even the FBI decided to delete it. And a second questioning about 2 specific points brought nothing specific, so it was only this famous single letter. I find it interesting how she made up the numbered list of arguments which sound like FBI wordings, probably influenced by the questioning method. She is summarized by the FBI as "She said that her personal feeling is that FEYNMAN is without character or acceptable moral fiber. She ... emphatically he is not acceptable to her as an appointment to any position with the U.S. Government which would require moral character and emotional stability." (p188) And she refused to furnish a signed statement on these allegations. I call this bullshit. As far as I know, criminals had always a designated driver for exactly those reasons. "bad actors will be able to conduct tasks that require use of both hands or taking one's eyes off the road which would be impossible today" Looks like the FBI is just pushing to get a real-time interface into the car control. "Algorithms can control the distance that the patrol car is behind the target to avoid detection or intentionally have a patrol car make opposite turns at intersections, yet successfully meet up at later points with the target" root_ordner: german only word And what to do with the executive? And what do you with the legislative? Only the supreme court can be replaced by politicians. There's no other way out than start telling people the truth. Which might start with independent media and education. But US people are already even more indoctrinated than in the 30ies with Goebbels. Seems all press and misinformation to me. This was 2006, but couldn't be reproduced by others so far. I would consider this quantum gravity research by far more important and cheaper than the CERN experiments which got us the mass of the Higgs boson. So far only Podkletnov, Tajmar and de Matos worked on this. Goff and Siegel 2004 on FTL "Faster Than Light": “Current warp drive investigations [Goldin and Svetlicny, 1994] apply general relativity to try to produce spacetime curvature that propagates at superlight speeds. Special relativity is preserved inside the warp field, but the contents are perceived to move at FTL speeds from the external frames. Such a classical warp drive cannot avoid the temporal paradox (i.e, time travel). If quantum systems are the only system that permits backward-in-time causality without temporal paradox, then any rational warp drive will need to be based on quantum principles. This means that until we have a workable theory of quantum gravity; research into warp drives based on General Relativity is probably doomed to failure.” Indeed. I'm a H1-B visa holder, with exceptional wages, and my wife is not allowed to work here. Ok, so she finished her Ph.D in the 3 years here. But with all this new visa drama going on, no updates in the visa extension process so far, and the broken promise that spouses will be able to work, I just told my company that I'll have to go back to Germany and work remote from there. Plan B. But the benefit is that I will be able to live in a democratic country again, with a much better standard of living. It's only 7 hours and I worked remote for a couple of US companies before. If companies need those foreigners why should the government on behalf of the unions intervene? Do they know better than the companies which is good for them? "Privacy Badger" is the only option nowadays. No whitelisting, and no corrupt companies behind, doing the whitelisting. Call me unconvinced. It follows entirely the flawed US gov interpretation of "collection", which means collect everything, and only call it "collect" when if you search through it. How should this convince the global business that using US IT, telecom and cloud services is trustworthy and legally safe? There are still massive holes in a number of public laws and who knows in how many secret laws and interpretations, not talking about illegal practices. Without a 2nd Church Committee nothing will change. Getting consistently worse results? :) He didn't even mention when matlab 5 started using his 64b only recommendation, the results were getting in-precise and matlab was getting unusable. http://www.cs.berkeley.edu/~wkahan/MxMulEps.pdf I cannot take a floating point rant seriously without knowing Kahan's arguments. And a crazy requirement to compare it to slow and false debugging code does not really help. Be fast and use Cheney (copying, double memory) or be slow with Mark&Sweep and only the current memory usage. Nothing new here. Catching up old GCs via concurrent GC states is fine and tandy, but it is still just catching up, and it requires GC state. Cheney not. And a typical Cheney GC is 3-10ms not 10-50ms. Maybe it would have helped missing out in the mandatory spying features, and providing only the required customer features. Those features really take a lot of memory: * “Record audio with the microphone … at any time without your confirmation” * Take videos and photos using the camera * Access the phone’s call log * Read data about contacts stored on the phone, “including the frequency with which you’ve called, emailed or communicated in other ways with specific individuals” There are liberals in the government? The last one was killed immediately, when he tried to stop the upcoming Vietnam theatre I don't see the issue. Armin went completely insane IMHO. This problem is usually solved by expressing the type "Foo or Null" as Foo? in such a gradually typed language. Maybe the critics should lookup the basic type literature first. Such posts will kill python. And this type of type critic already did kill python for Google. (And kept perl 10 years behind) No, it's a horrible article. And no, they cannot. I implemented such a type inferencer for perl (B::CC), which has the exact same problem. With a highly dynamic run-time which changes the types at will, the compiler will never be able to do proper optimizations without explicitly forbidding certain coercions. The inferencer has to give up in 90% of all cases. Only with optional explicit types, esp. for loop counters and array members, those operations can be efficiently optimized. Up to 2000% for the typical array or loop benchmarks. And no, a v8-style tracing jit also does not help in all cases. This kind of run-time type caching has a huge overhead, and will always need an explicit run-time check, and does not catch the typical type errors writing programs. It helps with simple scripts, but not with programs. You don't have to worry. If you don't like to use types, don't use it. Nothing will change. It will only compile-time optimize and check the cases where someone added the types. Of course the standard library is free to add type-optimized versions later, as e.g some Common Lisp's did with their arrays and vectors. But this was done mostly in the compiler, not in the library itself. re preciseness: You should really add your preciseness limitations. Also add that pointers located in loaded shared libs are not detected with this method. Boehm has special methods to detected the ranges of loaded shared libs. Maybe you should mention weak refs and volatile also. volatile to keep pointers on the stack, so that you don't have to inspect the registers also. And some easy ways to make it precise. E.g. int tagging, float boxing, ... You obviously never worked on VR. Latency is the only problem, and far more important than the UX. Why do you think we still have no consumer grade VR equipment, even if all the technical problems and fancy UX solutions have been all solved 20 years ago already? Latency. With a bit too much latency in VR your users will not only loose immersion, they will start vomitting and suing the maker. Google glass was ready for >20 years, but nobody dared to sell it. 20 years all the VR industry only cared about were the various UX tricks (speech, motion, position, floating windows, tiles, ...) but still latency, i.e. HW brought it to a halt. Even with special GL HW. VR window managers were amongst the biggest projects out of Xerox Parc. Everybody had tons of ideas how to design intuitive UI metaphors for VR then. Creative people will play around nifty interfaces for sure as they did during VR times, but we still need the cheap, reactive and not overheating HW first. This is called "constant folding", and every better compiler should do that. I have no energy to deal with people like Czarkoff on Wikipedia, who clearly have no idea what they are talking about. They should clearly think over their guideline keepers, if declining a perfectly notable programming language like Nimrod for Wikipedia makes more sense then keeping it. From a fellow language designer: Nimrod is very notable, combining previously unthought language features like efficient compilation and macros (only Elixir can compete here) and a real-time GC, with a python-like syntax with types. But not only that. It is also practical. Didn't know about the GCC amd64 array alignment issues >16bytes and >32bytes. Horrible for my method dispatch, not just C++ vtables (fixed with gcc-5.0). Cannot this be overturned with the aligned or packed attribute? (if not on the stack as this was broken for aligned for while) I prefer your version by far over the overly verbose and overly simple new haberman guide. Knuth and Goldberg made fantastic and precise overviews, and there is a need to terse it down for programmers, but not too much, down to ground school level. That's why I believe their FFI plans are doomed. We implemented FFI's for emacs over the last decades, but RMS always strongly opposed it, because you could call windows DLL's then. gtk-emacs e.g. Typically the Atlantic fails to mention Ralph Merkle the actual inventor of DH. But since he was just a student who went to his professors with that concept, they published the paper. Read about it: http://conservancy.umn.edu/handle/107353 "if you’re going to put names on it, it should be called Diffie-Hellman-Merkle key exchange, since it’s actually based on a concept of Merkle’s. We give him credit for that in the paper, but it was in a paper by Diffie and Hellman, so it’s called Diffie-Hellman key exchange." This is also the best internal opcode description for the LUA derived VM's: potion[1], sol[2] and tinyrb[3]. 1: http://perl11.org/potion/ 2: https://github.com/rsms/sol 3: http://code.macournoyer.com/tinyrb/ What I'm really worried about now is every single cable modem and router out there, as they are very rarely updated. They run their shit for years. The bigger routers yes, but smaller ones and the modems not. Perl5 don't just needs a name change. It needs management and capable developers. Maybe the CPAN authors should take over. They keep continuing to produce quality software and updates. The number is the smallest problem they have. Not that this a good qualification. Being the redhat bash maintainer and member of the redhat security team is one. When I read the title I originally thought it's about Perl 5, hostile development environments and communities. But it's only about about hostile hackers. But you cannot call that a FFI then. A FFI is the abbrevation for "Foreign Function Interface", not "Friendly Function Interface". FFI's are not sugar coated. bashcheck https://github.com/hannob/bashcheck/blob/master/bashcheck includes now also tests for the last 2 lcamtuf bugs, so it tests now for 6 known vulns from this shellshock series, plus a general test for variable function parser safety. 4 is the wrong number! we are talking about 6 now. * CVE-2014-6271 (original shellshock) * CVE-2014-7169 (taviso bug) * CVE-2014-7186 (redir_stack bug) * CVE-2014-7187 (address sanitizer) * CVE-2014-6277 (lcamtuf bug #1) [no patch] * CVE-2014-6278 (lcamtuf bug #2) This was 2013 and he never heard of the CLOS arguments against traditional objects as he describes it, and he attributes Alan Kay with generics and method based OO dispatch, the functional approach? All these arguments were already cleared in the early 1990's, and people still don't get it. CS scholar's shouldn't care about the popularity of certain languages, or do they wanna teach VB or PHP? Objects are of course evitable, functions can do more, can do it better, and functions can represent not only scoped blocks (variable hiding), but also objects easily. http://www.gigamonkeys.com/book/object-reorientation-generic... talks a bit about this mindset, mentioning also Kay's simple dynamic message passing approach. Any updated plans when we can expect -fcps/-fcpi to land in clang? Looks much better than the current -fsanitize solutions. Adalbert Stifter! It's basically the same strategy rperl uses, compiling a restricted and typed subset of perl5 to C++11 on the fly, via Inline::CPP http://rperl.org I wouldn't call that JIT, because the term JIT is normally used for direct compilation to machine code, and all those other compile-to-c|c++-on-the-fly languages don't call it JIT neither. Please read up on Ebola. It is only contagious when the patient is experiencing symptoms, not earlier. He got fever Thursday morning. So he knew better, just hackers have no idea. "Since returning, he had been taking his temperature twice a day". Or maybe they just cannot read. So no, they don't have to disinfect the bowling area. But people are hysterical, so they did. Even the NY Times got it right this time: "People infected with Ebola cannot spread the disease until they begin to display symptoms, and it cannot be spread through the air." Of course, fascist regimes need to hold together. http://www.globalresearch.ca/is-the-us-a-fascist-society-exa... Some comments from the maintainer of parrot, p2 and perl B::CC which do similar things: tracelets instead of basic blocks analysis sounds interesting, but php is still doomed by not allowing optional types. In-house code can easily be optimized by explicit types. The AUTOLOAD problem is a big one, and I am just planning to tackle it, but came to the same design decisions mostly. We are compiling modules, files as this is easiest to handle. My p2 jit has no type guards and seperate specialized methods yet, I rather support optional early binding, a jitted method cache and small tagged data, which doesn't fill up the cache that much. It outperforms java and clr by far, just luajit is ahead. With the static B::CC, type inference has the same problem as php, but has the same performance advantages as hhpc, but I added special syntax for typed and sized arrays, and to disallow too much runtime magic. The current production compiler at Cpanel only uses better data layout to get its performance boost at startup and overall memory usage. Readonly strings and hash keys mostly. Perfect hashes not yet. IMHO most important is smaller data and ops overhead, not the optimizer. With perl6 the peg backend is built-in, so you can compile and execute grammars on the fly. A bit like lua's lpeg. A perl6 Grammar is a first-class object. Unfortunately I cannot recommend the parrot backend for production use yet. We recently found a serious GC bug which is reproducible under very tight memory constraints, such as my mips box with 256MB RAM or with very big perl6 modules. I'm working on it for a week already and cannot promise to be finished until Jan 31, 2015. But the other 2 backends, jvm and moar, are doing fine. If you care about small perl6 apps, which do not have to scale with concurrent CPUs, yes. But parrot has a much bigger scale. And lock-free threads. The parrot jit will need some time. First the runloop changes for method calls and argument autoboxing needs to be reverted, then the jit will be revived. But on the other side I just fixed the GC bug, so it looks good now even on parrot. Are you actually allowed to fly drones over the nuclear power stations? They are also not marked in this map. Very interesting to me that the author heard nothing of Assange hints that Anke Domscheit-Berg is probably a US spy. Guardian, still angry at Julian? His update to this old blog post is much better: https://www.imperialviolet.org/2014/09/11/moveprovers.html but he hasn't found cbmc yet. A little list: http://anna.fi.muni.cz/yahoda/ Optional type annotations do exist for ages in Common Lisp, and the optimizations are implementation specific. All good implementations do not only check the types, they are mostly used to optimize the data types (raw vs boxed) and reduce unneeded run-time type checks and unneeded generic methods. See e.g. the python compiler for SBCL, formerly knows as CMUCL. Perl5 also has optional types since 15 years, just the implementations (checkers and optimizers) were broken in the last big refactoring around 5.10, and there's no interest in enabling it again. The optimizing perl5 compiler B::CC honors optional types (besides doing type inference for core types, IV, NV and PV) and gets a typical 2-5x speedup. http://act.yapc.eu/ye2013/talk/4637 BTW: This is a very old article, and was posted here some months ago already. So "Armageddon" was right. A comet looks much more interesting than the Moon or Mars. No boring dunes and flat sands, really rocky. With git and github you can have the best of both worlds. merge commits (seperate tree), linearized at the end (--no-ff) or rebased commits (pull --rebase). 1 and 3 have their usecases, 3 is esp. useful if the branch contains only 1-2 commits, and 1 is useful if the branch contains > 10. You can add test information into the merge commit. I hope github will take more gerrit features into their tracker or allow tracker extensions, so that we can live with github alone. gerrit still is a UI and performance nightmare. Beautiful code, beautiful layout. Great, xan Sorry, didn't read the code yet. But malloc free means stack allocation, thus dangerous to stack attacks. Please clarify. I'm impressed by the bbv idea, but not about the startup-time overhead which is even worse than perl6 or the jvm. Even if the run-time of big loops is later on faster than v8. $ time ./higgs --e "var x = 4; x = x + 5; print(x)" 9 real 0m1.191s e.g. my own little jitted language which compiles also to C like asm with tagged data, but with inner-loop type-checks, does it in $ time bin/potion -e'x = 4, x = x + 5, x print' 9 real 0m0.005s so I don't buy the compiler overhead yet. type checks are not that slow. $ time ./perl6-p -e'my $x=4; $x=$x+5; print $x' 9 real 0m0.818s $ time ./perl6-m -e'my $x=4; $x=$x+5; print $x' 9 real 0m0.614s and uncompiled: $ time perl -e'my $x=4; $x=$x+5; print $x' 9 real 0m0.010s Unfortunately this blog post is misleading and uninformed. Python and the related other slow dynamic languages perl, php, and ruby are slow not because the dynamic type checks, branches and indirections are costly, but because they are badly written. They are just inefficient and poor interpreters, with bad ops and data structures. In comparison efficient dynamic languages like lisp, scheme, lua or javascript and many others not so well known do exist. Mine, potion, is also in the lua category, and not in the slow PPPR (python, perl, php, ruby) category. The seminal paper about efficient dynamic interpreters is Ertl's "The Structure and Performance of Efficient Interpreters" http://www.complang.tuwien.ac.at/papers/ertl%26gregg03jilp.p... The abstract is: "Interpreters designed for high general-purpose performance typically perform a large number of indirect branches (3.2%–13% of all executed instructions in our benchmarks). These branches consume more than half of the run-time in a number of configurations we simulated. We evaluate how accurate various existing and proposed branch prediction schemes are on a number of interpreters, how the mispredictions affect the performance of the interpreters and how two different interpreter implementation techniques perform with various branch predictors. We also suggest various ways in which hardware designers, C compiler writers, and interpreter writers can improve the performance of interpreters." My own input to this is that the GC, the JIT, the calling convention and esp. the size of the datastructures and ops do matter more, than eliminating the type checks. >> Snowden’s acts were justified because he chose to seek “reform of the surveillance state,” (248) and journalists have the absolute right to be the final arbiters of what to publish. Greenwald’s often bitter ad hominem rationale for this is unlikely to be the last word on the subject. Interesting comments from the other angle. As they are just waiting for prosecution. Who should care if GPL is bad for a SSL library? First of all it needs to be correct and PolarSSL is the only one in this field. It is trusted, and it is fast enough. I would never trust GnuTLS, NSS or OpenSSL over PolarSSL. So according to the timestamps it's pretty clear it's only the US, not UK nor Israel, who developed this software. Rather the opposite. Almost all HPC (high-performance computing) systems use message passing and not shared memory. The fastest and imho best unix-like kernel L4 is entirely MP based. So if you want to embrace high performance (and concurrent), go message passing. Alan Kay's favor of late binding does not help performance, as method lookup at run-time dominates the cost then, but the fast systems are early bound, i.e. typed. Using SSE4.2 or more is trivial. Same goes for fast hashes with the crc32 intrinsic. Mostly the compiler does it for you (-march=native) But you cannot assume everybody has such a CPU. Hence you'd either need to compile your own (a la macports, gentoo, perl, ...) or do run-time checks for the CPU feature and switch to the fast version then. They remind me of these folks: http://www.commitstrip.com/en/2014/11/05/when-a-project-mana... It's fixed, but not packaged. You need to compile it by your own and add some dyld suppressions. Oh my, goodbye sanitizers? There's still work on the kernel sanitizer and a few other things to be done. Disturbing. I assumed that they will not fire their best engineers. But will their families relocate to Europe, having to speak weird languages and spend a lot of money? Zurich is super expensive. No, it is a problem with languages if you want to have competitive performance or precision. On the assembly level it's trivial to check the OF. But compilers and the libm didn't care enough, and languages didn't know better, as old knowledge was forgotten or ignored. The good old Lisp's used those assembly ops to detect the overflow flag for decades and promote to bigint afterwards, and bad languages like Perl, Python, Ruby (created much later then the good old languages) did it the slow way with multiple checks before and after and then promote to float and loose precision then. lua at least refused to deal with this crap and does everything with double and looses precision by definition. Newer languages are now coming back to the old lisps and auto-promote to bigint, not double. But they haven't found out yet how to check the OF after the op, as only a few can compile natively or deal with inline assembly. I start loving the chinese! Almost every langs have a CPAN alike. They just copied it. CTAN for TeX, CCAN for C, forgot the ruby name, LISP has it even with a cpantesters alike testers grid, PHP split it into PECL for binary extensions (higher quality) and PEAR, which struggles. emacs lisp, node.js, ocaml, ... go uses git only for their distributed module system, which is a nice and simple idea, (github as default) but also appeared in common lisp before. Nice. I did some of my best projects in Tagazhout and Ericeira, Portugal. But honestly, riversurfing is easier and is more fun. Munich, Montreal, Graz or Boise come to my mind. Better infrastructure than on a beach, and less hassle with antisocial beach surfers. No. Rivers with standing waves, where people line up to surf, in contrast to sea waves where people cut in to surf. Special about Nim is also that Wikipedia consistently tried to delete the article about Nimrod (and did), because someone considered it not noteworthy. What a joke those editors are. If you have no idea about software languages don't interfere. Fantastic. Thanks for doing this. Esp. the compiler and FFI is super simple, much simpler than SBCL. I was one of the few people who worked with it those times. I feel Roger's pain with the MSVC changes over time. But I don't think porting it to the newer compilers or mingw64-gcc would be that hard. for i in [0..width[ do for j in [0..height[ do if foo(i, j) then break label outer_loop # The 'break' breaks the 'for i' loop end end label outer_loop ouch. I see why mathematicians would like that, but programmers are surely annoyed by the open range "[". And if the target are mathematicians, they surely dont like the verbose do end blocks, instead of {}. the for loop could be then ∀ x in [0..height[: if foo(i, j): break outer_loop. just odd syntax choices. It might be an unpopular opinion, but "I am not Charlie". Even as atheist, some of those Mohammed caricatures are not funny or satire, they are simply over the line. Not just juvenile, silly or stupid. In most other countries they would be forbidden. E.g. this one from 2010, who caused the stir and death threat. http://torstenh.de/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/CH8.jpg France has a different liberal, explicit anti-clerical and anti-censorship tradition. The US and scandanavian countries also. But elsewhere it would be illegal. Compare them to similar Jesus caricatures, e.g. http://www.zensur-archiv.de/index.php?title=Satire It's a fine line and in some cases german Titanic covers were allowed. "Ein Strafverfahren wurde von der Frankfurter Staatsanwaltschaft mit dem Verweis auf die "Satire" und deren Mittel der "Verzerrung" und Übertreibung" abgelehnt. (Sdt. 24./25.4.2010)" The legal situation in Germany and Austria: § 5 explicitly states to respect the religious beliefs of the population. In addition to the insults of religious faiths (§ 166 para. 1 of the Criminal Code). Anybody who explicitly agrees with Charlie Hebdo and posts images will probably fall under these paragraphs in those countries. I miss links and comparisons to other and IMHO better implemented jitting regex engines and greps like redgrep, sregex or pcre. ISIS or someone from China? The 4share uploader of the caught leaks reported to be from HongKong You know that this is one of the oldest constitutional laws. Based on the french constitution, the 4th amendment in the US, and the Art. 10 Abs. 1 Grundgesetz in Germany, and everywhere else. And even if the UK has no written constitution, they signed the Human Rights Act 1998 incorporated the European Convention on Human Rights (the “Convention”) into UK law. Article 8(1) of the Convention provides that “everyone has the right to respect for his private and family life, his home and his correspondence.” See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Privacy_in_English_law for more. Obama does not care a shit about his constitution anymore, and consequently his poodle in the UK neither. So they should just waive the Human Rights Act, and consequently leave the European Union. We pay enough for their cows anyway, and they are way above their tolerable abuses of civil freedom anyway. There was one actually recently. Wrong bignum square in OpenSSL CVE-2014-3570, which caused quite a stir with Bitcoin Core. https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/2rrxq7/on_why_010s... Great, time to buy! James Risen published that already, it was the very first Snowden document on day 1, the "PSP" - the presidents surveillance program, and the fact that they destroyed the call record database at the justice dpmt probably just means that they have now warrantless access to the NSA call databases, which are bigger (full content) and searchable with much better tools. I don't understand. Is it this sentence at pg 338? "(A) the district where the media or information is located has been concealed through technological means" But this applies to warrants, and would apply to all of SSL or SSH traffic ("information") or password protection of the PC or media, or sending encrypted word documents, not just vpn, ipsec or tor. Even binary formats would qualify as concealed. I don't see anything about tor or vpn. But basic knowledge of fast VMs would also help. Maybe get an engineer from a good school? E.g. a decent GC would help ruby a lot, i.e. Cheney Copying Collector with thread support. Ruby is used on devices with lots of RAM and big cache lines. Or optimized data structures (nan-tagging, better tagging) and slimmed down ops. I need 32bit per op plus 2 args. Check out how much more ops fit into your cache line then. The ruby hash table implementation also sucks. Write a good one. Study the literature. It's basic engineering, you don't need to be a genius, really. And embrace types, either optional or inferenced. Optimize on type information. Looks more like a "SW update gown wrong" scenario. People reported problems a few days before already, empty timelines and such. They roll out incremently. Those kind of problems quickly affect the backends. I also rather trust the algorithm to see what is a good movie and what is not. In my case the collected ratings of the experts, not the users. Current example: http://cannes-rurban.rhcloud.com/Sundance2015 There are some outliers, typical "festival hits", which only relate to festival specialists, but they are easily detectable, with a "10%" human bullshit detector. Like last years Godard at Cannes, 2012 Leos Carax, 2011 the Kaurismaki and 2010 both the Godard and the Jury winner Weerasethakul. Those outliers are even statistically detectable. One thing is clear, you can trust the collected experts more than the juries. So I can fully confirm the story. Exactly. Almost everybody agrees that The Bronze is shit, you can trust the collected experts in big numbers. But you also need the standard deviation to filter "special audience" flicks, like festival masturbation, horror or erotic movies, which are targeted to a very narrow audience. The real question is, if we finally will be able to use lock-free, wait-free concurrent skip-lists with this new variant, without paying patent fees to Oracle? http://worldwide.espacenet.com/publicationDetails/claims?CC=... With perl5 + Moose, perl6 beats perl5. In startup time and run time. With simple small scripts the small startup footprint of perl5 still elevates it over perl6. perl6 has much more features than perl5, it's a completely different world. I wouldn't call that bloat. I don't want to hijack a pypy thread with perl stuff, but this needs to be corrected: > I think MOAR was designed specifically to run NQP efficiently. yes > NQP is a subset of Perl 6 which the Perl 6 compiler is written in. yes > That compiler takes a program written in Perl 6 and converts it into NQP. No. moar is a vm backend for nqp, with a traditional bytecode interpreter, a jit, gc, ffi, and binary format. >That NQP program is then compiled to different targets such as JVM, Parrot etc. This is my understanding, of course. No. Of the current three perl6 backend moar, parrot and jvm is the fastest, but has problems with its traditional threading model. It does not scale linearily up the number of physical cores. It needs locks on all data structures, but this is still better than with perl5 or pypy. parrot does scale linearily, has locks only in the scheduler, but needs compiler support to create writer functions, only owner can write, access through automatically created proxies. The jvm threading model is also faster and well known, but has this huge startup overhead. perl5 has to clone all active data on thread init and creates writer hooks to copy updates back to the owner. this is a huge startup overhead, similar to the jvm. Overall, would you expect any c/perl compiler dev to switch over to rpython to back your perl6 vm? Writing a jit for a good vm was the matter of a summer, and writing the compiler optimizations needs to be done in the high-level language of choice to be more efficient and maintainable. You should better look over to rperl to compare it to rpython. This is the similar approach. A fast restricted optimizable language subset, which compiles do typed C++, with fallbacks on unoptimizable types to the slow perl5 backend. No need for a jit with its compilation and memory overhead. A jit only makes sense for dynamic profile-guided optimizations, as in pypy or v8. Even if the simple static jit's as in p2 or luajit without much compiler optimizations still run circles around those huge battleships in the jvm, clr, v8, pypy or moar. optimized data structures still are leading the game, not optimizing compilers. GPL => Apache license Similar to the HN penalty, reddit also seems to have some Snowden countermeasures in effect. It was a very popular IAmA, but the Android AMA app, displayed only 2 answers for it, and the 3 people who wanted to answer, Laura Poitras, Ed Snowden and Glen Greenwald, were limited to about one answer per 10 minutes, so for the whole hour they could answer about 10 questions. This limits usability and civil interactions a bit. People should really choose boards without such censorship in place. In the type community dynamic types are called tags, to contrast from static types which are thrown away after compile-time. Types are not just "types", there exists myriads of interpretations and implementations. E.g. nominal vs structural, compile-time vs run-time, dynamic vs static, polynomial (HM) vs exponential (cartesian), sound vs unsound. Please get yourself accustomed to the type literature, or invent your own glossary, as perl usually does when it has no idea about prior art. In this case it has. From the implementation POV tags are indices into types and used with primitives as tags, hence the name, reserved "bits", e.g. with 30bit intnums or the many free NaN tagging bits in doubles or normal class slots with multiword objects. They are carried along the lifetime of the variable, hence add critical run-time safety and inherent slowness. Exactly. Normally the debugger or repl provides reflection capabilities to be used by the editor to support warnings, errors and hints, and restructuring tools. Such a typo catcher would be a written (I'm thinking of a lisp or lua here) on the editor side, having the information about the variable and being able to query the namespace or locals visible or not visible. The things jonathan did was just to put this into the compiler for the thrills, but it can be easily extracted, extended and customized from the outside, in emacs, vi, eclipse, ... such as jonathan did with his perl6 debugger. It might be worth mentioning that I'm working on a similar type system for perl5 for quite some time, which is efficient like perl6. In contrast to Moose, which is inefficient and more about the MOP. Types there are only used to slow things down, not to speed it up. All these things were developed around 2002, just forgotten and then partially destroyed with 5.10 and ongoing. Perl5 hates it, but they haven't seen it and they have generally no idea. It is entirely doable in perl5 only. I got 2-6x speedups in prototypes. But then, perl6 has so much more features worth switching over. It is safer than using SW without those "Additional Grant of Patent Rights". They explictly state that you can use it, other didn't make the effort to check for patents, or simply can screw you later. ... with older compilers, without -fdevirtualize. Ha! Clickbait. > "What’s so wrong with the U.S. judicial system? Nothing, actually" That's a very unique point of view only the government paper can present. In this special case having a bit more international law would do better for everybody. The post should rather critize the TPP where it really is broken, not with this international arbitration argument. Read the TPP leaks Wikileaks published and you will be surprised. Looking at the coding style he certainly wrote every single bit by his own. The code itself is standard of the shelf lisp introduction as done by good universities in the last decades. (SICP, Lisp in Small Pieces, ...). But bringing this simple code to the masses who just known C, python, perl, java, php or ruby is the interesting part. They can now relate to eval, tailcalls or an env. That's why he called it 8cc, on purpose. He works with his fellow Rob Pike 8c author at google, and Go just switched away from 8c to their new internal compiler written in Go. And 8cc shares the similar KISS principles as 8c, by far simpler than the big and slow c compilers gcc, clang, CompCert. Oh right. Didn't see that 6 vs 8. Odd name then. Clojure yes. But not a single LISP. 3 ruby, but no perl, no Java, no javascript core. Cannot agree at all with this list. For me it was: * SICP * Antipatterns * Bentley Programming Pearls * Sedgewick Algorithms * Stevens Advanced Programming in the UNIX Environment * Knuth TAOCP * Tanenbaum Computer Networks I'm only having a problem with default sealed classes on block level. With perl, which has similar characteristics we decided to seal classes only from the main application, with "use oo :final", and modules, libraries, implementations of classes do not seal their classes. Thus you can easily allow duck-typing in the calling application for testing, or go fast and disallow adding or changing methods and properties. So you cannot pre-compile modules per se, but js has no static block compiler anyway. Inspired by a standard algorithm which is in every better geometry textbook and used in the industry far earlier than 1999? Come on, even I wrote such an adaptive polygon smoother depending in the angles of the neighboring faces at around 1996, during the VM boom. It is a required method to get rid of the huge number of automatically generated 3D points from scanners or terrain data, esp. in 3D cards. Games etc. Use this better method from 1996: "Francine Evans, Steven Skiena, and Amitabh Varshney. Optimizing tirangle strips for fast rendering." In Proc. Visualization ’96, pages 319–326. IEEE Comput. Soc. Press, 1996. It uses the better subdivision-surface wavelets for Catmull-Clark subdivision surfaces. There should also be libraries out there to do that. You must been living on an island over the last years. "OpenSSL was the best SSL stack for years?" Best no, only fast. PolarSSL (now "mbed TLS") is the best, to the best definition of best. Still better than OpenSSL, which was known to be fast but insecure and poorly managed, are the stacks used the biggest clients: * NSS used by Chrome, Mozilla, et al * GnuTLS used by exim, GNOME, et al. I'm not at all grateful to the OpenSSL team for using horrible software practices and putting their clients into danger. Wish I had knewn this before. Too late now. Oh that's nice. I sat with Kent and Eric at the very same Lisp conference in Berkeley at the very same dinner table, Eric was just elected as some sort of community spokesman, which was odd but nice, and he was the nicest person. He was never arrogant. We always respected him, because he was mostly right in his endless and beautiful posts to comp.lang.lisp. He used the emacs news reader with block aligned paragraphs. But it was also a bit threatening to newbies, because he easily lost his control with them. I rarely dared to ask something. Similar to other famous figures in SW mailinglists. I know of 2 others, who I also highly respect. Just because they were always right and their code was beautiful. His posts were so famous, someone even made a searchable archive out of it: http://xach.com/naggum/articles/ # -- sufficiently advanced political correctness is indistinguishable from irony The SGML/XML rant is a classic topic of his, and he ranted about it constantly. And lisp was the perfect forum for this. Everybody was with him on this. But you need to know some context: Before the simple WWW there was the better web, with consistent client editing tools (Amadeus), where all your links and pages were in (HTP Hyper Text Protocol) database. The server part had builtin search, was stateful (sessions), and was overall just better. The markup language to create those new rich formats (i.e. with links and media) was lisp based (DSSSL), and formatted down to the stupid formats we know now. Everybody thought who can you be so stupid to reinvent the wheel in such an insane way. But insanity prevailed, as usual. The machines and SW environment were rich and good, he had a Sparc, and not so simple as the typical Windows 3 environment, That's the world which was destroyed by the web (stateless simple servers without any features, stupid clients, stupid inconsistent "loose" markup) and its new language XML. The technical SGML and XML groups were considered the problem of the whole IT industry to Eric. LISP expressions were not only superior, condense, readable, we also had all the tools already to work with them. XML was a huge throwback. It was a political battle we lost. That's why he loved to go on and on like this on every occasion, when ever he found someone who seemed to be fond of the web, html, xml or those likes. Those stupid people destroyed our better LISP world. A very special high school friend of mine also died of this. He was super intelligent, a very depressive computer hacker, very insecure with other people, almost never left his room after high school and that's how he died eventually. Alone in his room. He wouldn't go to visit a doctor or call someone or tell anyone. Oh, I am on HN :) Okay, point taken. I didn't know about this name. "pperf" maybe then. Note that this is still work in progress, I just had to finish another project, and will come back to this one soon. EDIT: I've renamed the frontend to "pperf" now https://github.com/rurban/Perfect-Hash/commit/b475886f37d9 But the memcmp trick with unrolling of the comparisons beforehand for constant keys is already usable, and I believe someone already considered that optimization for gcc and llvm. If I remember I even saw a patch already. It should be used for switch statements with constant keys. Excellent. I'll take it :) I'm interested. Robin-Hood optimization was on my TODO list. Dmitry Chichkov from XAMBALA? I couldn't find your email. Thanks, I know. I used one of the CMPH algorithms for the first three default methods (from pure perl to pure C), -hanov, -hanovpp, and -urban, and those perform much better than the original CMPH. And I haven't enabled compression. But I still haven't found the best overall method yet. Hashing all keys shouldn't be necessary. There will come more later. OpenSSL has not even a testsuite or build tool helpers to help finding those simple bugs, usually found with normal build and test methods, such a valgrind or AddressSanitizer. Insanity prevails. So that's why after 67 they decided to fund themselves and friends with black drug money? Hmm... I esp. like the actual competition (2014) http://www.underhanded-c.org/_page_id_5.html about surveillance information leakage. The 2014 Challenge: PiuPiu and the National Security Letter The PiuPiu oversharing site allows users to create PiuPiu accounts and post 140-character messages. The federal government wants PiuPiu to surveil user activity on the site, by archiving any posts that match certain patterns outlined in a national security letter. Subject to the nondisclosure constraints of the letter, PiuPiu may not inform anyone of the surveillance request. The underhanded goal is this: write surveil() in such a way that the act of surveillance is subtly leaked to the user or to the outside world. PiuPiu can not reveal the act of surveillance, but your function is technically able to edit the Piu or user structure during scanning. Find a way to alter that data (this alone is a bit of a challenge, since you are not supposed to alter the data, just scan it) in such a way that an informed outsider can tell if someone is being archived. The leakage should be subtle enough that it is not easily noticed. I would do that with TR39, unicode confusables. So I'm pretty disappointed now. I didn't hear the reasons why they ditched Dart? Compilation to ES6/7 cannot be the technical reason, as there is a huge run-time and memory overhead by using only ES6/7 compared to Dart. Looks more like a marketing decision, Dart not have gained enough momentum or such. Then rather use cmbc, which does exactly that. It translates C code into SMT rules, allows assertions on symbolic variables and solves them. And note that for harder crypto problems Z3 is not the best, it's just the easiest to use. "We made mercurial up to 50x faster than git, more than 2000 improvements" on big repos with lot of history. This would be their blog post about this: https://code.facebook.com/posts/218678814984400/scaling-merc... and the code at http://selenic.com/repo/hg/shortlog/ WSJ picked it up I never knew how many digits exactly could be preserved in a double. Now I know: 15 or 17, depending where you start. One should encode the color as last bit of one of the left or right pointers Old discussion: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6141319 Why again? Old discussion: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6141319 Why again? I'd like to hear the story how it turned up on github. This is a pretty good lisp from 1998 which compiles to C. I know Elwood from my former background in the automotive industry, and I read they also created and produced a successful micro computer, the Mini Micro III. And about the Intel backdoor (AMT/ME): http://de.slideshare.net/codeblue_jp/igor-skochinsky-enpub Yes. Optimize for data, not code. They still need more than 6 months to answer the H1-B extension request, with the consequence that those candidates either cannot travel anymore or have to leave permanently. Why SSA? Please also read the first chapter. What: The IR (internal represention) is in SSA form is if every variable is defined once, and every use of a variable refers to exactly one definition. Think of const-only or functional programming, without any assignment statements. In SSA you can have only one lvalue, and multiple writes to the same variable in different branches are split into so-called phi merges, with a renamed final variable. Why? It's the basis for most compiler optimizations. You can write compilers without, but for most optimizations you'll need to convert to SSA. For whom? For compiler and optimizer writers. People who like to optimize their programs to get better performance. So just for a start: Which optimizing compiler actually properly solves the optimization problems? I know of none. When I look at the list of optimization solvers for constrained linear or non-linear programming models (i.e. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_optimization_software ) and the list of compilers the intersection is still zero. All optimizers are still using their own ad-hoc versions of oversimplified solvers, which never fully explore their problem space. Current optimizing compilers are still just toys without a real-world solver. And it's clear why so. Current optimizable languages are still just toys without a real world solvable optimization goal. You can think of strictly typed, sound declarative languages where solvers would make sense, or you can think of better languages, like fortress or functional languages, which are not encumbered by not-properly optimizable side-effects and aliasing which harm most modern language designs. But he calls his sysadmins a "Cyber Security Agency". Looks like typical government overreach to me. I edited the wikipedia entry to include that even a prime minister was Senior Wrangler not only leading mathematicians and physicists. Good career prospects. I can only think of recently killed Russian opposition politician Boris Nemtsov with similar mathematical achievements. Angela Merkel (Kasner) also won a mathematics price during her physics doctorate studies, before she elected to work in agitprop and most likely as master stasi spy under the codenames ANITA and Black Widow. Which brings me to the theory that being a spy will help you more getting to a prime minister job (Putin, Merkel), than being an excellent mathematician. KAM: Automatic Planning and Interpretation of Numerical Experiments Using Geometrical Methods * By Kenneth Man-Kam Yip, 1989 * Coolest PhD thesis ever! * Solve problems using graphs. * So cool! This caught my interest: http://dspace.mit.edu/handle/1721.1/7025 It is indeed one of the coolest papers and programs ever. KAM is a smart ODE solver, written in ZetaLisp on a Symbolics. It analyzes 2D pointsets created by any 2d equations, esp. non-linear ones. Typically a system of ordinary or partial differential equations, with a set of boundary and initial conditions. A typical non-linear physical system. It creates MST's (Minimal spanning trees) of the calculated points to get the shape and number of curves, to see the number of clusters (checking the distance of the curves), and if the curves are linear or space filling. Then the phase space is searched for initial states and end conditions, and to get useful summaries. It cannot do shape matching though, so repetitions and mirroring are not detected as such. The goal is to get high-level descriptions of the model and the numerical dataset, and at which parameter ranges and conditions the system falls into chaos. Chaotic systems are bad for predictability but mostly good for engineering purposes. I use them for some time now with +#if (defined(__clang__) && ((__clang_major__ > 3) \ + || (__clang_major__ == 3 && __clang_minor__ >= 4))) \ + || (defined(__GNUC__) && __GNUC__ >= 5) That's interesting because the ticket price for Avenger Ultron 3D was 7.50 EUR yesterday in Dresden, Germany, which is far less than the typical blockbuster price of 10 EUR, not talking about 3D yet. why? 2^50 is a pretty high number. calculating with 2^50 states at once in one cycle certainly outperforms any known super computer, even if a cycle costs 1s. It does not however. So they are fearing that American cooperations can sue EU governments for unfair trade barriers, which then should be settled out of the ordinary. I'm having two issues with that: 1. The US government is basically in the hands of those cooperations, so why not led the US government sue the EU government over those barriers? Go the legal way. Those barriers are typically based on consumer protection laws, so these are in danger. (privacy, health, anti-trust, illegal practices, warranty, ...) 2. Out of court settlements is too american and too illegal to me. We are not in a colonial world without international law anymore, even if the Americans still think so. Unnoticed? The DarkMailer/YellSOFT DirectMailer Spamware is known for years. See this post from 2009 how to fight it: https://www.atomicorp.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=3&t=3352 But thanks for the nice analysis. OP missed some more development on recent gradual typing efforts in dynamic languages. I collected those links below when implementing gradual typing for perl5. perl5 is more lucky than ruby, since perl5 supports syntax for types in lexical variable declarations for decades already, and more via attributes. http://www.typescriptlang.org/Content/TypeScript%20Language%... (microsoft's javascript with types) https://code.facebook.com/posts/1505962329687926/flow-a-new-... (facebook's javascript with types) https://github.com/rwaldron/tc39-notes/blob/master/es6/2015-... Soundscript, google's javascript with types https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0484/ (planned python with types) http://www.mypy-lang.org/ (existing python with types) https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8620129 (ruby 3.0 planned with types) http://crystal-lang.org/ (a good existing ruby with types) http://hacklang.org/ (facebook's php with types) http://blog.pascal-martin.fr/post/in-favor-of-rfc-scalar-typ... (php 7 types overview) https://wiki.php.net/rfc/scalar_type_hints (php 7) https://wiki.php.net/rfc/return_types (php 7) https://github.com/rurban/perl/blob/master/pod/perltypes.pod (perl5 inofficial) Reminds me on bash, where I also have to prefix values to compare with x, to be able to handle empty vars. if [ x$1 == x$2 ]; But automatic string to float conversion is just crazy, esp. in comparison context. Perl, which is equally soft, has at least numerical and string comparison operators. $ perl -e'print "0e462097431906509019562988736854" == "0e830400451993494058024219903391"' 1 $ perl -e'print "0e462097431906509019562988736854" eq "0e830400451993494058024219903391"' So the solution is to use === which does not compare references with strings but the values, or the strcmp function. And refrain from using == with strings at all. '0XAB' == '0xab' is true. Comparing any string to 0 with == will return true. > Also, register VMs typically have three operands. Wrong. Only SSA VMs (with an optimizing compiler) need three operands. Simple register VMs as well as hardware CPUs have two operands only, and you can easily fit them into one word then. You cannot do better SSA based optimizations then, but the VM speed is much faster than with two or multi word ops, which blow up your instruction cache. lua has to use shorter ranges to get 3 operands into one word. Writing a JIT with two-address ops is also trivial. It's a straightforward conversion using fixed registers. Sample: https://github.com/perl11/potion > Specialising each instruction for each possible register for three operands would result in a ridiculous volume of code. Nobody does that, it's not needed. > Special purpose instructions that access fixed registers would be fine, but general purpose operand references cannot be sanely implemented in this way. Existing register VMs use memory because it's faster. No. You need general purpose operand insns for only one or two fixed registers (eax, edx typically). Nobody implements all possible combinations. And you use the stack to shuffle values around, not memory. So how did Jessica Alba did it then? She's not the typical startup geek, and her roles definitely defined her on the sexy side only. She managed fine. She pitched by herself, and finally found the right partner and investor. E.g. http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/jessica-albas-tears-he... I think it's comparable. Would you really invest in "the idea of a sexy movie star who finds her conscience after her first few kids and wants to do healthy and honest products". (overly cynically stated) The op was an expert in her type of business already, had the right partners. With Alba I would have seriously underestimated Mrs Alba's business sense. But she proved everybody wrong and has now a billion dollar business. The same expectations as the op in the dating business. She describes it here: http://www.inc.com/magazine/201411/lindsay-blakely/how-jessi... But Alba needed 3 years, so I would suggest to hold on. Facebook didn't level the business field already, even with competition there's more in. Those guys were just stupid. No, it is indeed an overview of the various VM's at its current stage, with a focus on a short parrot post-mortem compared to p5p's similar management problems, and what to do. I just left out the concrete plans what to do and what is in the works as it was status talk, not a future talk. It also gave you an perspective to other dynamic languages similar problems when the lead left or is too incompetent to still lead (e.g. php, python, C++, javascript), and what they did instead. The talk had more explanations than there on the slides. p5p is certainly not the devil, they are just stagnant and mostly incompetent (as most of the other cited comparable langs). some other langs have very similar problems, and got by by doing what they eventually did. what p5p is doing is mostly spinning than fixing, and they don't accept criticism. I gave concrete examples on the spinning parts and left out the other. When I make "demands" on technicalities I provide information why and how with very concrete examples. Usually the maintainers don't even read that, there is a general lack of technical ability to understand the issues involved and mostly there is a huge lack of wanting to discuss the problems. So I usually have to implement the "demands" by my own, and then the general community does not benefit from it. This talk barely mentioned those p5p issues, it focused on all the vm's where they are now. Nice to see that they made good usage of my pictures that I have to draw manually with postscript. I use them also daily to come up with similar optimizations, but on a grander scheme, to support proper type optimizations (which might reach the php/lua/javascript performance range then). But to be fair: Bodyless NV's and cached class pointers for methods are the biggest win in 5.22. OP_SIGNATURE didn't make it. > Following Python's lead and adding a type system Joking? Python really is almost the last of all dynamic languages to come up with syntax for that. common lisp, scheme, perl, ruby, javascript, php have all syntax for optional typing already, only Guido was against it for years. Which eventually led to Go being developed by Google, and python's downfall. They try to catchup now, but this proposal is only 10% of an optional type system. I miss the inferencer and the optimizations still. My smhasher fork has both: https://github.com/rurban/smhasher/ Comparable results for xxHash and the new metrohash will be uploaded soon. These things take time. But I'm more interested in comparing it to HW CRC32-C, the fastest and best hash so far, 2x faster than metro. Most is true, but: 128-bit hash functions for hash table makes no sense, unless you have 1TB tables in external memory. And for security 128 is peanuts, you start with 256 there. First you need 4x more space, when you store the hash also for faster collision checks. 32bit is normal. cache size is more important than cpu mostly. Second, collision resistancy on normal sized hash tables take only the first 7-15 bits, so calculating the other 113 bits makes not much sense. 32 bit is usually enough unless you need huge tables, where 64bit is enough. These versions only work on 64bit machines, optimized for x64 and arm64. The crc variant only on those. Well, we don't call that "security by obscurity", we call that "universal hashing", which is provable secure. The rules to create the constants would nice to have to actually create good universal hashing. 2 variants are not enough yet, but the quality of _1 and _2 are already much better than the typical universal hash function variant. I've updated now my smhasher results at https://github.com/rurban/smhasher including metrohash and xxHash but not FarmHash yet. From the good enough hash functions, metrohash are by far the fastest, so they should be the new default on 64bit machines. On x86_64 and arm8 the crc variants are the best. For 32bit we are stuck with Murmur still. Yes, but the problem is not that someone would attack North Korea. The last time it was the other way round. North Korea invaded the south and only one island remained under South Korean control, until the US stepped in and fought the North Koreans back to the Chinese border. Agree with all other points. Maybe we should add that technically the two parties are still in the state of war against each other. After over 50 years they have still POW's in their prisons, and both parties have nuclear weapons. Small border or spy conflicts could easily get out of control. Is it forbidden in America to celebrate islamic architecture? Islamic stone architecture is far advanced over roman, greek or native architecture this guy seems to propagate. See for example the old stone bridge of Mostar (Stari Most), which had to to be rebuilt after the war, and they could only do it by finding old turkish craftsmen who were still able to build such a bridge, without steel. Modern architects all failed. Great to hear that they have special programs for that. Americans could learn a great deal from them. Regarding the Stari Most reconstruction effort I can recommend an excellent documentary by Jasmila Žbanić "Builders diary", and there are numerous more TV movies about the technical challenges there. And 32 bit only. It doesn't cover the 64bit conventions which deviates more wildly on Win64 from the common amd64 ABI. Confirmed. But Cmd+D in the map view is excellent, not useless. Compressing the mapview (less white space) or zooming (Ctrl-+/Ctrl--) would be nice. I never tried SourceTree, but used to work with macports gitk, which started missing redraws lately. There is no comparison. GitUp is excellent. Interesting, thanks. Sounds legit. I'll recheck again when I'm at home. Maybe the benchmarks got distorted. doc/xxHash32:Small key speed test - 10-byte keys - 35.02 cycles/hash doc/xxHash64:Small key speed test - 10-byte keys - 42.33 cycles/hash Well, Gong Li would be the famous actress. Looks like a healthy project to me, where the author cared and stayed. Not like other projects which got dumbed down by their contributors or takeovers. One is the best you can expect. They do log the queries, as google does. You can only trust a search engine when they do stop logging. Any NSL can order them to hand over the logs in certain regimes (bulk or per IP? We know what happened), but they cannot force them to write logs in the first hand. Without logging it will also be ~10% faster. And a new unofficial national holiday for Finland. Finally! I esp. like the plausible deniability hack against bruteforce, the second to last story. But realistically most cyphers were hacked with some plain text knowledge, esp. in the header/beginning, which would defeat this bruteforce claim. But it would work with random text and without an AI which can derive a security context automatically. But apparently this exists. So you'd need to encode your text twice, first by using only innocent words, and using something like this link-grammar encode again. If you look at the patch/backdoor, I would have come to the same wording. ￼/∗ Perfect hash function for mapping debug levels to intended verbosity ∗/ #define DEBUG_TO_VERBOSITY(d) \ (5%(3 ∗ (d))+2) You could call that over-engineering also, but baroque is a better name. You are including etc/cereal/include to your -I but this does not exist, and I see no probe for cereal. tools/orange/main.cc:12:10: fatal error: 'cereal/types/unordered_map.hpp' file not found #include This one: https://github.com/USCiLab/cereal ? Please add it as submodule to etc. The apple standard cc=clang-602.0.53 is not good enough. error: no matching constructor for initialization of 'llvm::EngineBuilder' EngineBuilder builder((std::unique_ptr (m_module))) macports clang-mp-3.{3,5,6,7} even fail before with this error: no matching constructor for initialization of 'llvm::raw_fd_ostream' raw_fd_ostream raw(loutput.c_str(), ec, llvm::sys::fs::OpenFlags::F_RW) I only have 5 clang's on my mac. Bitcoin has its biggest potential these days. E.g. http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/07/03/us-eurozone-greece... However, Coinbase is not accessible for greeks. So, I would count it as huge lost opportunity. You can only tree-shake a whole program compilation, but then you cannot use compilation units, modules and modularity efficiently. You have to choose one or the other. Every normal compiler implements simple (i.e. module level) dead-code elimination already. EDIT: Of course you could use static libs, which does pull in only used symbols, but then you cannot share them across apps and update independently. I implemented a tree shaker for my lisp and was very happy with it, esp. for delivery. Like Go does it nowadays. This happens all over Europe. All unionized and high profile workers successfully demand earlier and earlier retirements. Check the numbers. Greece' average retirement age is above the EU average age. In Spain the Syriza friendly Podemus is already in the lead, but they need to wait for the next elections, to re-evaluate their payment terms. In Portugal the Syriza-friendly PS will win in October. While the right wing extremists, Germany, but also the EU officials Juncker, Draghi, Lagarde, Djiselbloem, Schulz, Schaeuble, Merkel and their press corps are still violently trash talking and lying about Syriza, effectively burying the EU. Everyone knows that they are wrong and lost face. They were all caught lying and doing too much damage with our economy and the EU project. Syriza is their best chance to get Greece implement the necessary reforms in the next 10-20 years. The established Greek parties caused the situation and Syriza is their best chance to turn it around. They are also the ones who are not lying. Germany got to backup the defaulting EMS fonds which will hurt them. A lot. Why they are still not trying to save them is beyond my understanding. Greece could try to talk them to senses, because they have the numbers, the morale and the people behind them, but it does not look like so. So effectively all the next european elections will be won by the left, and Goldmann-Sachs (Draghi) & IMF will have it much harder than now. Which is good. Even Germany is not following their own austerity measures. They cheat over France by going on with their low-wage policies and they cheated over the inflation caps. Mostly nonsense. You are making the same mistake as Matlab, throwing away all the internal Intel precision, just because you don't know the boundaries and limitations or you don't care. In short Matlab did as you said in v6.0 and it was wrong. Read Kahan and matlab's (non)"defense": http://www.cs.berkeley.edu/~wkahan/MxMulEps.pdf http://blogs.mathworks.com/cleve/2014/07/07/floating-point-n... Technical calculations do care, e.g FMAC in matlab. http://www.cs.berkeley.edu/~wkahan/MxMulEps.pdf In short Java went ahead and declared imprecise and architecture-independent float results better than more precise and architecture dependent results. Matlab followed suite with v6.0 and found big errors in mxmuleps compared to Matlab v5.0. Such a little rounding problem in the 6th digit e.g. caused a big problem in one architectural problem of mine, where it did cost several millions. Check for the costs of rounding problem in the real world, comp.risks e.g. https://www.ima.umn.edu/~arnold/disasters/ The childporn evidence being planted and esp. the violation of the Sudan export restrictions will make a very good case for the procuratore di milano, which famously is very independent. So they will face jailtime, yeah. You should use this nowadays: https://github.com/nucleic/kiwi Kiwi is an implementation of the algorithm based on the seminal Cassowary paper. It is not a refactoring of the original C++ solver. Kiwi has been designed from the ground up to be lightweight and fast. Kiwi ranges from 10x to 500x faster than the original Cassowary solver with typical use cases gaining a 40x improvement. Memory savings are consistently > 5x. Old discussion of glop: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8393200 (with python demo) Which is mostly nonsense. metasploit is for free. Hacking Teams RCS is for nobs, a specialist wouldn't pay for that. Not only -fstack-check protects from this exploit, also the new clang -fcpi checker in levee https://github.com/cpi-llvm and of course the old -fsanitize=address. -fcps does not catch it. I haven't checked -fsanitize=safe-stack yet, as my old levee build didn't offer that. Build it now: clang-3.7 -fsanitize=safe-stack does not catch it, and the clang and gcc optimizers with -O optimize it away. The "r" stands for restricted perl, the real name. Like in rpython. The author is a bit confused what a optimizing compiler is. You have to forgive him. rperl is a restricted perl which maps typed data via Inline::CPP to C++, and if all ops and data in a function are properly typed and not-dynamic ("no magic"), then the function can be compiled to C++ and executed there. Thus the 200x performance win for certain static and typed parts. And there exist "optimizing compilers" for perl 5, rperl is more a transparent perl - C++ mapping where gcc does the optimizations. Yes. perl5 has the possibility to switch to better and faster regex engines, like russ cox' RE2 or pcre with jit support. It's just not done in rperl. In my perl variant I'm planning to improve the inefficient and overly simple and troublesome Spencer two-pass compiler with backtracking support to use the faster Thompson NFA without backtracking (RE2), and/or switch to pcrejit when no pcre-incompatible ops are used, like unicode character classes. The first pass which calculates the space can be easily used for that. But a better regex compiler should get away with one-pass and extend the ops dynamically. re low-magic/optimizable: * The data must be all typed, * there needs to exist a C++ mapping for this type, * and there need to exist a C++ mapping for these typed ops. Since rperl does this transparently it's a bit hard to tell which parts get optimized and which not. I hope we can create better tools or docs to see it. re LICENSE: This additional selling clause is a violation of the ARTISTIC license, yes. But you can just fork rperl, delete this selling clause, and you should be fine, since rperl itself is under the dual perl license. > I just don't really understand why people continue to work on garbage collection. > ... but I think it's time to walk away from GC Well, look at the arguments. GC advantages: * less memory (unless you use a semi-space GC) * faster * can handle cyclic refs (graphs, not only trees and linked lists) * trivial to use, less programmer errors What you got wrong: significant memory and CPU overhead. If you compare the memory overhead and complexity of refcounts with malloc to a non-semi-space GC, you'll be surprised. malloc is more complex and worse in it's CPU overhead, refcounts in every data cell are a huge overhead. GC's got it better. Where GC's have a memory overhead (copying collectors), they do it on purpose, on machines which do have enough memory. Those copying collectors are the fastest, but cannot be used on small devices. With not enough RAM, you just use a trivial Mark&Sweep, which is much more trivial than your malloc implementation and manual refcounts. The only real field where you cannot use a GC is, when you cannot tolerate pauses, as in real-time, latency critical apps. But even there exist incremental GC's (like boehm) with real-time characteristics. And when you need immediate destruction of objects, when they go out of scope, and not when the GC decides to destroy them later on. This can be solved by the compiler, but usually isn't. Of course people always walk away from GC and avoid it like a plague. GC people on the other hand feel memory is too important to be trusted to programmers. We had these discussion for decades. YES! Kill Intel, PPC64 everywhere :) It will not happen, I know, but "Wouldn't it be nice" was always one of my favorite Beach Boys song (Pet Sounds!) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ofByti7A4uM This is THE chance. As POWERfan said. The intel instruction set is an abomination. You couldn't even thing of something worse, however they managed. Intel needs competition. Everybody else died away. PPC64 is on the open, everybody can make one. This is better than the IBM PC revolution, where you could license it to produce competing parts. Also better than the various ARM chips. We need to break the HW barrier from the last years. CPU speed has stalled, only with new tech, as in the new Z series or Power8 chips Moore's law can be revived. And there are many more arguments to be excited. Some people on bigger projects are tired of waiting for their builds and test results, so they wrote something better and faster. => ninja On bigger projects waiting 60min or 10min or 2min makes a difference. kati so far converts traditional makefile recipes into ninja builds. They are still using a simple and slow GC, non-copying, tri-color M&S, but at least incremental. So they need to scan the complete heap, while a good copying collector (e.g. a two-finger Cheney with forwarding pointers) would only need to scan the stack and some roots. My GC needs ~4ms on normal heap sizes, the fastest M&S GC's need ~150ms. But I haven't found a good version besides the Azul one, which works fine threaded. Memory overhead: A non-copying GC has none. Lookup a GC book or explanation. Refcounts have plenty: 1 word per object. malloc has plenty for its free-list management, growing with the heap size. A semi-space GC is different as it reserves for every heap segment a mirror segment. A fast version reserves max heap and divides it by 2, so can use max 2GB of 4GB. A normal version can do that incrementally. Java has a huge memory overhead from the kernel and run-time alone, not so the GC, but since they have various swappable GC's you need space for that. You can write better and smaller run-times with GC which do run circles around Java, .NET, Go or Ruby. As I said mine needs ~4ms, the fastest java is ~20 - 150ms. v8 has a good one, but I don't know their stats out of my head. I have to applaude CloudFlare for their zlib version. It really is the best. Some versions on my system even use the SW crc32 variant, macports on an i7: 200x slower I'm ranking movies by critics ratings. Most of them have too low numbers, and thus naive bayesian ranking by avg does not work. IMDB gets away with it, but I cannot. And you should be able to see a good preview of the expected ranking even with low numbers. So you need to check the confidence interval with Wilson, but you also need to check the quality of the reviewer. There are some in the 90%, but there are also often outliers, i.e. extremities. Mostly french btw. I updated the c and perl versions, compiled and pure perl here: https://github.com/rurban/confidence_interval Why? Reserving virtual memory has nothing to do with actual memory usage. This looks like a new Python 4, but why not. It's a big problem that needs to be resolved for once. They are only talking about slow, conservative, stop-the-world collectors there. They have to scan the full heap. You shouldn't compare apples with oranges. This is the full paper as submitted and not excerpts being discussed in various outlets. It is interestingly close to the old troika demands, but has a few key changes and reforms suggested by the greek side. They acknowledged a full pension reform, which will affect even the poor, but the IWF promised a backup up to 300 eur, an essential minimal income. VAT reform also almost as demanded. It will (i) unify the rates at a standard 23%, which will include restaurants and catering, and a reduced 13 % for basic food, energy, hotels (!), and water (excluding sewage), and a super-reduced rate of 6 percent for pharmaceuticals, books (!), and theater(!); (ii) streamline exemptions to broaden the base and raise the tax on insurance; and (iii) Eliminate discounts on islands, starting with the islands with higher incomes and which are the most popular tourist destinations, except the most remote ones. Minimum VAT on essential goods such as books and theatres? This looks very interesting. The greek variant of "panes et circensem". The Fiscal part, Tax administration and the Public Administration, Justice and Anti Corruption part seems to be taken from the new finance minister. Close the holes, make the reforms (at least in legislation), cut military spending by €100 million in 2015 and by €200 million in 2016. Exactly, how can the police order an ISP to commit a crime? Why did the ISP committed the crime? Hopefully both will be charged now. The only one thing I trust here is the independence of the Italian prosecution system. You mean like AutoCAD was killed by all the other CAD packages with a more conventional language? I'd like to see such a counterexample. Lisp is only killed by managers who are afraid to hire cheap labour. Like yahoo and their store. I just switched from command-line foo to magit today (export GIT_EDITOR=emacsclient) by accident, and I'm very surprised how much easier it is now to solve complicated rebase scenarios. I'm a very sceptical emacs user, who prefers the terminal over M-x shell and friends. Once I got used to the few keys, it is much better than anything else I saw before, and much faster than doing it manually. Moving picks up or down with one key, killing it, fixup, squash, inspection, ... all with one key. Not really. Strongtalk was never continued, even if now open. Lisp is the old and new smalltalk, and to some Ruby is the new smalltalk for dummies. But "thanksfully" they've switched to WordPress on the Whitehouse site and hired the maintainer , so they are improving netsec on THAT front. :) Which is actually a good thing for hosters worldwide. Just tried it, it's awesome. It could persuade me. Everything just works naturally. > Greece had no real allies. Not now, but they'll have plenty soon, after this German farce. Podemus will win in Spain, the PS on Portugal and let's see what will happen in Italy. And soon also properly gendered How do come to the opinion that rperl is the first "serious perl compiler"? It certainly is not. But they are switching to ruby, go and Java in an alarming rate. That's borderline naive to believe that the best teams don't dope anymore. E.g. the ascent times prove that the winners in the last years cannot be undoped. Mount Ventoux: 2013: 59m:00s Chris Froome 21.86 km/h Such a time is not possible undoped. See e.g. http://sportsscientists.com/2013/07/froomes-first-mountain-p... But same as Armstrong or Contador only the best do it the best way, and will not get caught for some time. Sky most likely has similar protection as the US team had in the last decade. > If your employees feel Jeff is making too much money, maybe he is? Or maybe your company is doing a poor job of making it clear what it is that he brings to the table. Please please please do not distort this example by omitting the critical "Jeff in sales". In the Google context Jeff (Dean) earns all the money they potentially throw at him. And everybody know about his magic qualities. The quotation is Jeff in sales, not just Jeff! Yes, but it is still better than the Go GC. Both are super conservative (i.e. not moving), precise (i.e ptr overhead), and just mark & sweep (i.e. full heap scans). But Boehm-Weiser's GC can parallelize marking, and store and restore the sweep phase for lower latencies, i.e. in incremental mode. http://www.hboehm.info/gc/gcdescr.html Better GC's, Mark & Compact and Copying as used in more mature languages, are still on the horizon for Go. (If you go for larger heaps and more speed). I see it at just 30% done yet. Go controls its ABI, so it can easily use better GC's in the future. Oops, I mixed up the two phases. Marking is incremental (also in v8), and sweeping is parallelizable. http://jayconrod.com/posts/55/a-tour-of-v8-garbage-collectio... gives a good overview of good GC techniques, championed in earlier lisps and functional languages. Using /dev/urandom is not a good thing. It's only needed to get secure random numbers (CSPRGs) very slowly. You'll drain it so that the apps which really need it will be out of seeds. To get random numbers fast, you need to use the good bits of a PRG based on an LCG. Everybody should know by now that the mersenne twister is not only bad, but also slow. Everybody should know by now that the first bits are good, and the last bits horrible. That's why you should not use modulo %, but rshift or better use Melissa E. O'Neill's PCG, which uses the first good bits to improve the latter worse bits. http://www.pcg-random.org/ > mt_rand() performs worse than CSPRNGs, funny enough Because the Mersenne twister is outdated technology, which is bad and slow. Use pcg instead. > If /dev/urandom drains entropy, that's a bug that your OS should fix. Defying logic? Without a HW source for noise that's impossible. Even if people are arguing being practical to drop security, you should not be convinced. I didn't see tests which would confirm this theory. > Yeah, there is no pgc_random() function in PHP though Writing that binding would cost a php-c dev 20 minutes. But they should not. The problem is the bike shedding to replace that in the stdlib for rand(). Better, faster? But... Yes, I said "drain", not "block". /dev/random needs to wait, /dev/urandom just goes on creating worse numbers. I don't see that as crazy. The national bank is still led by a member of the old cast, who is hostile to Syriza. Besides the fact the Troika controlling the data of the finance ministry, the tax files, with no access to the current legal authority, you should also consider the likely possibility of a military coup to get rid of Syriza. The trumped up language by the germans and their press made it very likely to prepare such a step. This didn't come forward yet. But given the history I call it very likely. Until the referendum backed them up. And of course the Troika also had their plan B developed in secret, a similar group of 5, getting rid of Greece in the eurozone, despite it was against the EU rules. This was in the news last month. But they never offered Greece assistance to leave the Eurozone. Schaeuble at least talked publicly about it, and was punished for it. In the grexit scenario raiding their assets is the best thing to do. But the more interesting question is if the military (with support by the Troika) would have taken over. Exciting times. Very likely wrong alignment. This causes hard SIGBUS faults, and SPARC64 is one of the good platforms to catch such misaligned pointers. You cannot repro it in qemu on Intel. But I don't know what ElfW(Rel) expands to. Maybe only a 4byte word, not 8. The backtrace doesn't display the register content (THANKS gdb maintainers), and the op didn't provide the registers neither. 0xfffff8010000cda4 in elf_dynamic_do_Rela (skip_ifunc= , lazy=0, nrelative= , relsize= , reladdr= https://lists.debian.org/debian-sparc/2015/07/msg00013.html "Much better" is very questionable in this context. It's a aggressive right-winger view point, which again does everything to denounce Syriza as left-wing radicals and supporters, which is explicitly against Syriza's own point of view. Which is a center-left EU-friendly party, holding up to Keynesian principles. And they call it "plot", where it was a normal grexit plan. It was very similar to the EU troika "plot"/plan for their grexit scenario, throwing them out of the Eurozone. And the Troika actually performed parts of their "evil" plan. Draghi illegally stopped ECB support to blackmail them. Did FT report this as such? You didn't understand how Souper works. They already found a lot of very good optimizations, which were included into LLVM proper. Check out http://blog.regehr.org/archives/1146 and http://blog.regehr.org/archives/1192 Here he talks about the end-results of Souper and Alive, which should be presented more user-friendly and generalized, with some help from a solver. Encoding every single edge-case into the optimizer is not as good as finding better generalizations, automatically. There was even a recent british movie (2013) about this kind of case, "Closed Circuit", which featured the problems with such secret trials. And the fact the secret police (MI5 probably) planted a bug into his car and phone is already known. The question is if the jury believed that they also planted the memory card before the planned raid, or if it was just a reprisal against the undemocratic secrecy, to hold up western standards. http://www.thetruthseeker.co.uk/?p=105447 This research misses a few important points. First, the fastest interpreter is never switch or "jump threading" (i.e. computed goto) based. It is either based on passing the next pointer from one opcode to the next (e.g. perl5) or using an opcode array (lua). Those two cache much better and don't need the dispatch overhead with a jump table at all. Not talking about asm tuned interpreter dispatch yet, which count as best of the best. Second, the famous cited Ertl paper mostly suggested to use smaller opcodes to influence the icache. Lua and luajit do this with one-word ops and blow all other interpreters away. Using the computed goto extension only helps in bypassing the out of bounds check at the start of the switch dispatch, and gains the famous 2-3%, and less on more modern CPU's. When talking about the differences, the differences should be explained. Summary: This research result is not useful for state of the art interpreters, only for conventional slow interpreters. And for those the result should be ignored at all, as much better interpreter speedup techniques exist, not noted in this paper. I lived with this Mark Cerny rule for a few decades, and it was mostly true. But finally after I'm over 50 I came to proper and good estimates now. Mostly because I'm a much more experienced now. 2d == 1.5d, 1w == 5d and so on. But game programming is like architecture. There's so much more to do. Will test against smaz for our internal JSON compressed protocol. smaz compressed fine but was too slow. The ability to train the model sounds convincing. I'm so proud of my previous work, put to such a good use. Only if you care about performance. But not everybody is happy about the chosen magic curve parameters, which could include backdoors. Nice. But better source it from some other file and start it on demand. It should rather go into data-dir/python/gdb/ http://blogs.perl.org/users/rurban/2015/09/gdb-dashboard.htm... Example usage: http://blogs.perl.org/users/rurban/2015/09/gdb-dashboard.htm... I kind of find it funny that CloudFlare who occasionally protects their customers from getting DDOS'ed by probable Chinese state actors, now gets behind the curtain and will now have to find new ways to protect their customers getting DDOS'ed from inside if they publish content which the Chinese authorities don't like. I guess it's easier now for them to take it down without resorting to warfare. But then again, this content will not be permitted inside. So it will stay the same. Maybe it will change now from ICMP over clever javascript bombs to DNS attacks. Which is how CloudFlare protects their domains. Summary: So the Patroit/Freedom Act enables a police state where FBI agents can get all customer information and transaction records from an american company without any judge or warrant involved, and everything stays secret for decades. (not talking about Presidential Executive Orders yet) Who wants to engage into any kind of business with an American partner with this kind of police state? I think even in China the police needs to gets warrants. Almost every knows that supporting backrefs makes it slow, i.e. exponential. I'm tired of these excuses which come up all the time. What is perl5's solution to this problem? Saying that is unsolvable (like here), and supporting external matchers. Nobody uses them because it's a joke. What it should of course do is to check for abnormal backrefs and use a fast matcher without backrefs. 90% of the regexes have no backrefs. There would be a tiny performance problem if perl5 would use a normal dynamic one-pass compilation, something a modern matcher does. But it uses old-style two-pass compilation, so it's trivial to check if there's a backref, and use a proper Thompson NFA if not. Or a faster jitted variant. Instead p5p still holds on to their awful Spencer DFA with longjmp's all over the place to fix the broken architecture, and engages heavily in badmouthing better algorithms and implementations. The few changes that were done there made it even slower. Davem's conversion from recursion to iteration caused a significant performance bump. Davem's support for proper /e (eval rhs expressions) caused another significant performance bump. You are not allowed to critize that. The p5p zealots will come all over you. Ross Cox ran away very fast. Why would you need more than 3 engineers? This article should talk about what the 47 others are doing. Oh no, again this PageRank myth. Google won, because it was fastest and had good links. Fastest was more important than better links. How did they get faster than their competitors? They bought cheap servers all over to beat the transportation times to the clients. Also their page was smaller, not overloaded, so the results could be presented faster. Their bot was also more aggressive. A more aggressive bot contributes more to the link quality than the algorithm, because you get deeper and new stuff more timely. People are searching for new stuff. That's how Google won. Not because of PageRank alone. PageRank was a contributing factor. But renting out cheap servers in every datacenter out there and keeping the page small and fast and dealing with the consequences of cheap servers (HD fails, fallbacks, ...) was more important. It was your code. His idea, but your code. Code is the work, not the idea. You cannot let him get away with your code for nothing. Ask a lawyer what you can charge him to buy your code. 400K might be a lot, but a good starting point for a deal. I always wanted to have clp, constraint logic solver facilities in regular languages. But I wanted all variables to be symbolic when used in clp context, and then just assert and support for = with lhs functions needs to be added. The trick is to find all symbolic variables involved by the compiler, but it's really trivial. cmbc does it e.g. for the C language. http://www.cprover.org/cbmc/ My plan is this: http://perl11.org/cperl/perlcperl.html#clp use clp; sub fact(int $i=0) :int { assert $i>=0; return $i ? fact($i-1) : 1 } say fact(7); # => 5040 fact($_) = 5040; # solve it! say $_; # => 7 Rosetta for example uses the typical simple LISP approach, by having to manually declare the symbols, which are being backtracked on. amb() is similar, expressing ambiguity. This goes back to 1963. http://community.schemewiki.org/?amb I commented that extensivly also, but only in German: http://rurban.xarch.at/film/solaris.html Esp. the differences of the two remakes, compared to Lem's work. And that Tarkovsky's set design and choice of conventional horror scenes is not really that interesting. Not at all. This is the list of problems that exist with an overly slow, early and incomplete type checker. This has nothing to do with optional typing at all. It's just the expected problems with an early and slow (2min!) implementation of core.typed. Other type checkers and inferencers in gradually typed languages don't have these problems, so you cannot generalize. E.g. Optional types in Common LISP on which Clojure is based on doesn't have these problems. Scala has similar problems, but most other non-JVM based gradually typed languages not. The idea is not to charge the e-cars overnight at home, but during the day at the company parkhouse or parking lots, so that the energy companies can unload energy during the peak hours from those batteries. That's the most expensive energy, and car batteries are perfect for that. Win-win. Not nice. potion is _why the lucky stiff's VM. http://perl11.org/potion/ BTW, the author talks about this in his Strange Loop talk here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yG9CffLlXx0 There are tons of papers with type checkers in the exact same early state, and how they made it fast and more reliable. "More and more Internet traffic is encrypted. This poses a threat to our society as it limits the ability of government agencies to monitor Internet communication for the prevention of terrorism and globalized crime. For example, an increasing number of servers use Transport Layer Security (TLS) as default (not only for transmissions that contain passwords or payment information) and also most modern chat applications encrypt all communication. This increases the cost of protecting society as it becomes necessary to collect the required information at the end points, i.e., either the servers or the clients. This requires agencies to either convince the service providers to make the demanded information available or to deploy a back door on the client system respectively. Both actions are much more expensive for the agencies than collecting unprotected information from the transmission wire. Fortunately, under reasonable assumptions, it is feasible for agencies to fool users into deploying cryptographic systems that the users believe are secure but that the agencies are able to break." I'm missing the relevant comparisons to the similar Italy case. * Low use of taint mode in perl5? * no use oo :closed :final and not even having tried to understand the performance advantages? There is a known performance advantage of compile-time dispatch over run-time dispatch. People may remember O(1) vs O(n). He didn't publish any material. The german magazine Spiegel published this part you are complaining about. They explained their reasoning why they published it. This would only work for bus lanes, but normal cars driving to work are best loaded either at home or better at work, where the energy company can extract energy during the peak times. These charging lanes are way too expensive, and the charger too heavy. Why do the benchmarks not include luajit, just lua, luaj and other java-based vm's? It's easy to lead the one-eyed. Certainly not. Anybody who wants to show Point Break, the original, on the big screen for a small event will not like even the idea of a remake without Kathryn Bigelow involved. Watch the real thing. Dogs are worse in this regard. They take a bigger shit in the gardens of other people, they attack other people. I think they should be forbidden to walk freely outside. Sure. The next step would be to demand EU nations which violate the safe harbor EU rules be either thrown out of the EU (GB, but probably also Neitherlands, Sweden and Denmark), or fix their privacy laws. It cannot be that the GHCQ acts on behalf of the US on EU data and allows easy circumvention of basic privacy principles. Well Ron, you've got a big advantage over all the other folks here. You've almost been there already by yourself with your remote agent for the DS1. (Ron built the remote agent SW when he was at the JPL/NASA: http://www.flownet.com/gat/jpl-lisp.html ) So your opinion is a good one, but will not impress the big masses. The same held for the moon. A purely political accomplishment for the US. And a big one. Colonizing the Mars with the current rocket tech will not work. But maybe with the upcoming ion drives. They look good. Personally I had to leave the US as my H1-B was not even looked at in time to be able to continue my work, which includes traveling. They had 6 months time to process my application to no avail. With an expired H1-B visa they don't let you in again. Premier processing fees did nothing. My company is in Texas not California, maybe that's why. But I'm happy to back in a democracy now (Germany), even if the US pays better. Helping out developing countries is fine, but their state is not working, and this affects business. Please see also cperl, a perl11 (=5+6), which is an extended perl5 variant with many perl6 features and syntax extensions. Only the perl6 syntax which violates perl5 cannot be supported. http://perl11.org/cperl/STATUS.html Because you cannot trust the 5-to-6 translators yet, so you have to test the translated perl6 code in perl6. It's a completely new VM, with new syntax, compiler and run-time. Even with Inline::Perl5 you need to test the implicit 5 6 casts with the perl6 vm (which might be rakudo or some other engine). Moose contains only a small subset of the Perl6 OO, and has also different syntax. E.g. in perl6 types lead to optimizations, in Moose to pessimizations. Rewriting in Perl6 is always preferred, as Perl6 is a much nicer language. They switched to MoarVM, which was a simplier and much faster rebooted variant of Parrot to get a timely Perl6 release. But it is still open to use any VM as backend. Currently there are two in rakudo, in parrot can be re-added trivially, e.g. to support other architectures and a better threading model They switched to MoarVM, which was a simplier and much faster rebooted variant of Parrot to get a timely Perl6 release. But it is still open to use any VM as backend. Currently there are two in rakudo, in parrot can be re-added trivially, e.g. to support other architectures and a better threading model I'm a born LISP programmer who also happens to know too much about perl. Eric has some points, but not too many. Javascript would fare much worse than perl with these arguments. It is far more dynamic, far more unregular and produces even worse code than perl5. See e.g. http://archive.oreilly.com/pub/a/javascript/excerpts/javascr... perl is kind of a lisp - much more than javascript - with some clojure like features, like shorter hash and array syntax. Porsche, Audi and Daimler are amongst the diesel engine manifacturers who are able to build proper engines for the right price and don't need to cheat. VW most important goal is to cut prices, not to build good engines. Have you forgot about the GHCQ and their "illegal" data exchange to overcome legal hurdles? And I wouldn't vouch for other friends of the USA who exchanges data >10% (the self-imposed german limit) en bulk. Denmark, Sweden and the Neitherlands would come to my mind. In almost every european country are huge US listening posts. So even inside the EU there's not a safe harbor as you don't know the percentage and the filters in place, the secret interpretation of laws, and cooperation, infiltration and hacking into the main exchanges and cables. Since I worked on this SW I have to clarify a bit. Lab testing of course does emulate real-world driving conditions. Otherwise your tests will not be worth much. Either you play back a recorded existing course (RPS - road profile sequences) or you simulate it, simple steady state and transient cycles. We are automating reproducible test conditions. But we are here only talking about the different emission tests, where we have 2 major philosophies. The european emission test tracks (NECD), which is also used in India and Asia, which is an highly abstract test with the engine alone driven by a similator simulating multiple real-world driving conditions (a few urban cycles) and the american test on a dyno with a real driver (with varying cycles), so that the american car manifacturers, who traditionally were not so good in designing emission-free engines could traditionally cheat by hiring the best drivers to pass the test. So Americans have cheated historically the most, but apparently engine manifacturers which couldn't catch up with modern diesel engine development had to cheat also. First it is trivial to cheat, since the test has to be done only once. This is entirely a political game to get the NOx and COx values down, but don't harm their own industries. And esp. Americans seldom use scientifically based values. And then you have cold starts in reality, which is mostly not tested in the emission cycles tests. Emissions will always be higher in the field than with a properly warmed up engine under lab conditions. So it's no surprise that different measurement methods will lead to different results. Oh my. I've worked in those car test and simulation SW environments (and a cross compiler for a weird engine), and now I'm working on compilers and compiler optimizations in a different industry. You cannot compare that at all. With engine simulation and control you have real-time loops, with the biggest problem being the latency. You reduce latency by getting better HW, better sensors, shorter distances, a better SW driver architecture. You don't optimize by finding patterns or counting occurrences at all, esp. not at run-time. You always have to be prepared for the worst case. Plus you always have HW + SW combined. Any major important SW feature is always doubled in HW for security. It's a different world. With compilers there's no real-time trouble (GC's, ha!), mostly no loops, no worry about HW, cables, sensors or drivers. It's pure abstraction. With JIT compilers it's a bit different, mostly a tradeoff memory + optimization overhead vs speed. More measurements and dynamic decisions. But jit optimization in engine control? Nah. And there's never a HW cross check. Signals, interrupts may arrive or get lost. The machine will not hard reset and reboot if a signal gets lost. It does so in a car or in space or other industrial control environments. Looks like a typical perl based botnet from russia used to send spam. https://www.korelogic.com/Resources/Presentations/botnets_is... I forgot where I read more about those previously, but my guess is definitely russia. maybe reddit /netsec has more info. [edit] they did have. Spanish, not russian Looks like a typical perl based botnet from russia used to send spam. https://www.korelogic.com/Resources/Presentations/botnets_is... I forgot where I read more about those previously, but my guess is definitely russia. maybe reddit /netsec has more info It is a big one. Many expats had to resign their US citizenship to avoid this silly law. Double taxation only exists in Aethopia and the US. Read this blog: http://www.overseas-exile.com/ Protection? Yes, maybe that's the reason. To support the US military efforts and budget. On a side-note: If I would applied to the US greencard, and then decided to move back to Germany, I would have to pay double income taxes. To Germany and to the US. You don't even need to be US citizen. This accountable argument is stone-old. You'll find it in an intro AI book. Of course only when implemented in lisp, so it needs be an older book. It's the typical argument against neural nets, because they cannot explain their chain of reasoning, and so you are not able to train it to right way, or do not train into the wrong direction. when something goes wrong you got a problem. Old AI had the same problem, that's why they added the chain to the backtracking to give better answers, and you are able to introspect answers. When I mean "stone old" I mean of corse better than todays ideas. This should be clear from the context. Not everything which is fast is also good. You can also come up with some kind Greenspun's tenth rule applied to neural net's: "Any sufficiently complicated modern AI program contains an ad hoc, informally-specified, bug-ridden, slow implementation of half of Common Lisp." In this case not even that. It is even slower. But not much. And with this information you usually can fix logical problems to improve the AI. Now I'd really like to know what Hollywood/US distributors did differently to win in large numbers despite the piracy, which affected Bollywood. They obviously made the megaplex "going to the movies" experience more attractive. This helped Bollywood. Was this all? All this over rtags[0] not in melpa/core? Typical RMS drama, but I see his point, and he reacted quite defensively. Not as aggressive anti-clang/apple as before. 0: https://github.com/Andersbakken/rtags Is it April 1st already? Wonder which new product manager came up with this glorious idea. "less information is better. Let's not trouble our poor users with too technical stuff" This whole scheme is totally unproblematic as long as everyone acknowledges that we live in fascist states, which should not be called democratic anymore. Calling modern fascism "democratic" is a stretch, but thanks to modern fascist marketing (i.e. calling critics "conspiracy theorists"), controlling the press and big media it works. Other countries solved that problem e.g. by calling themselves "People's republic", which leaves the path of ancient greek democracy (which has almost nothing to do with our democracy btw) and follows more Napoleon's republic principles, who invaded all of Europe to liberate the suppressed peoples from the aristocratic rulers. not only dogs Oh come one. Comparing CLHash against CityHash and SipHash only? CityHash was replaced by FarmHash some year ago, and only python uses SipHash with its outrageously bad performance. The fastest and mostly-secure 64bit hash functions are Metro, Spooky, xxHash64 and Multilinear-HM by the same author. See "Strongly universal string hashing is fast", Daniel Lemire and Owen Kaser, 2014. CLHash doesn't even pass the avalanche test from smhasher https://github.com/rurban/smhasher I'll add it there for better comparison, with the new leader falkhash: https://github.com/gamozolabs/falkhash Eventually Linux will find out that those new overflow functions produce better ASM code by checking the overflag FLAG. This is in HW, use it, and don't fallback to inline assembly. jo +2 is much better than the previous code, even if the C function looks insane, yes. I agree with that. I also replaced all our crazy manual overflow checks with these new builtins, and with mult and signed add/sub it made it much faster and easier to read. The uadd/usub cases are indeed quirky, but at least consistent. Summary: Linus is way off here. I only got the default mysql working, but not sqlite. A flatfile backend would be more interesting than SQL dbs only. And it looked pretty unstable to me. He is using `script` instead of `sh` in the makefile. And then `guile examples/blog.scm` throws various errors: "Seems the conn-pool wasn't well initialized!" Looks like I need to play a lot more with the configuration. But I like the backtrace. Obama turned 180˚ on whistleblowers and he promised "Change". We didn't thought that he will abandon Habeas Corpus at all and turn local conflicts into a undeclared global war on everybody. This was not expected. There are a lot of much better documentaries with proper comments available. Many intellectual Austrians have the DVD set of Hugo Portisch' TV documentaries about Austrians History (Oesterreich I + II), and most have seen it on TV. I have seen most of the pictures from this Smithsonian collection already. Maybe because the Austrian Film Archive worked with them. Esp. the pictures with the huge Swastica flags all over the streets are very well known. But I as Austrian I enjoyed their German wartime video and picture archive, which I haven't seen before. "hyperbole to the extreme"? I beg to differ. The modern US fascist state so far have managed to destroy all their sacred democratic values and entities: legal, political, law enforcement, press, TV, education, health system, basic infrastracture and is not thinking about stopping their endless offensive wars, while everybody is proud to support their army. The US doesn't give a damn about international laws and contracts and still thinks it can get away with bullying everybody as they like. Almost an entire race sits in concentration camps, the so-called US prison system. The NAZI party was the modern german part of fascism, while the modern US part has no name yet. Most of the industrial, press and wallstreet leaders were actual NAZI's, and I don't see any actual change despite the name. Looking back to the NAZI times, extermination of entire races was very a well-hidden agenda. But why is the US law enforcement free to shoot any black people? This agenda is not really hidden and pretty obvious. There is really not much difference, just that the US fascism is a much more modernized system. But the NAZI system was also a very modern and successful fascistic system those days. Not counting that the US NAZIs brought the German NAZIs to the power after all. http://www.rationalrevolution.net/articles/rise_of_american_... "One Country! One Language! One Flag!" [ADDED] https://www.intellihub.com/america-today-parallels-nazi-germ... is also a popular link It sounds, but US fascism is not really tied to a political party. It's the system. Being controlled by the right-wing military-industry complex. Being tied to a single political party would make this system way too unstable. It would have be gone within the next 8 years. The business plot people (the US nazi revolution which was never executed) found that out, watching and controlling Roosevelt in his villa and went along with that insight. Faster than Perl5 with Moose, but slower than similar languages with similar features. But there are not many with this impressive feature set. Excuse me? The whole 2 last years was mostly spent on MoarVM and it's optimizations. That's why we are having this release in the first place. We != the perl community. They still have no idea how a fast dynamic language should be designed. To their advantage python does neither. Ruby does know, but doesn't get along with to well. Only PHP got their act together with 7.0. http://perlformance.net/charts/ is the usual pointer, but it has no easy to show comparison. There's also the perl6 specific benchmark https://github.com/japhb/perl6-bench but I have no idea where they post their results to. It used to be a gist or IRC. Granite? Who crazy would come up with the idea to build pyramids with something as heavy and hard as granite. They were not even carved out of limestone blocks, they were casted by an early form of concrete created using a mixture of limestone, clay, lime, and water. Similar to how they would have been built nowadays. http://www.livescience.com/1554-surprising-truth-great-pyram... This 1960 investigation only searched 19% of the Chefren pyramid's mass to find a second big chamber. The other 81% still needs to be investigated. It only looked for a Cheops or Sneferu-alike Kings chamber above the Chefren Belzoni chamber. I uses static types and it compiles natively (via LLVM). Esp. when they appear to be excited to see a physical phenomenon derived from the length of circle. I mean, really? Not at all. The creative collapse which caused this decline only happened in the 80ies as everywhere else but lasted until 2000, longer than everywhere else. It happened to kill the major italian studios and producers de Laurentiis and Carlo Ponti. Cinecittà went almost bankrupt 1997. Scorcese almost killing off again Cinecittà with his fatal Gangs of New York epic didn't help, Passion of Christ and the fire in a big Cinecittà hall 2007 neither. But since 2000 Italian cinema is the most exciting in Europe again. They are the only ones who successfully experiment in new visual aesthetic with the new available camera technology. It's not only Paolo Sorrentini (Camera: Luca Bigazzi) * L'uomo in più (2001) * Le conseguenze dell'amore (2004) * L'amico di famiglia (2006) * Il Divo (2008) and then his famous ones, but also Zapruder Filmmakersgroup (Nadia Ranocchi, David Zamagni, Camera: Monaldo Moretti) with "All Inclusive 3D" (2010), Luca Guadagnino, Salvatore Maira, Michelangelo Frammartino and in the last years many more. Compare it e.g. to the current decline of the french movies. The directors with which the decline of the Italian cinema started were Gianno Amelio, Guiseppe Tornatore, Roberto Benigni, Gabriele Salvatores, Franco Zeffirelli and Silvio Soldini. They should rest in piece. Maybe this comes now with new documentaries about sugar in the movies, where they argue that sugar is an even stronger, more addictive and more dangerous drug than cocaine. And the US food industries using and suppressing this knowledge. * "That Sugar Film" http://thatsugarfilm.com/ * "The Truth About Sugar" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-1cCXH-XGhI * "The Secrets of Sugar" http://topdocumentaryfilms.com/secrets-sugar/ Zilong Tan's fast-hash contains a generator which genetically optimizes over a combination of the cheap ops mul, xorshift left, xorshift right and rotate right, and also does genetic mutations over the initial magic states. https://code.google.com/p/fast-hash/source/browse/trunk/hash... The fit function is only the avalanche test, but that's easily exchangable. No, if you have a HW supported crc32 builtin nothing will be faster than this. You can safely skip the PCLMULQDQ optimization, which only works on newer CPU's, but crc32 should be almost everywhere nowadays. This other gravity theory sounds a bit better than Sakharov's induced gravity: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Entropic_gravity SipHash is the worst of all slow hashes. Please forget about it. See my overview at https://github.com/rurban/smhasher#smhasher 5x faster depends on the context with such benchmarks. They are only useful for file or big buffer digests, but not for the general usage in a hash table, with small buffers and needed small code size. FNV1 still beats all those bigger hash functions, based on the new crc32c or aes intrinsics. So, CityHash is deprecated. If you want to ask, ask about FarmHash, its successor. MetroHash beats it. MetroHash also beats xxHash64 in all aspects. I thought it is well known under conspiracy theorists that Hitler died near Bariloche, Argentina at the Nahuel Huapi Lake. The secret postwar center of the highest german NAZI criminals. http://www.google.com/?q=hitler%20bariloche%20argentina I like the fact that Spain first robbed their colonies Peru and Bolivia of their gold and silver, and then was able to rob the company who found and rescued the treasure. Ouch, the changelog: https://gcc.gnu.org/gcc-5/changes.html 136 serious regressions: https://gcc.gnu.org/ and 144 bugs fixed Hash functions cannot be made flush DOS resistant. Who told you that? Your local python or perl guru? Well, they are wrong. Read the note at https://github.com/rurban/smhasher#security "Such an attack avoidance cannot not be the problem of the hash function, but the hash table collision resolution scheme. You can attack every single hash function, even the best, if you detect the seed, e.g. from the sort-order, so you need to protect your collision handling scheme from the worst-case O(n), i.e. separate chaining with linked lists. Linked lists chaining is also very cache-unfriendly." You can flood even crypto hashes if used in a bad hash table based on linked lists, like perl, ruby, php or python and you can detect the seed. Read also https://github.com/rurban/perl-hash-stats#number-of-collisio... on some hints how to attack them. Only uhashes (pairs of random hashfuncs) would be resistant, but I count this as hash table scheme, not a hash function per se. Why the worst? It's the slowest by far and has no other benefit. Look at the table overview. Those hash functions need to be fast. Being so weak is not the only disturbing attribute of gravity. It's also being the only far-reaching attracting force. Far reaching, not connected to mechanical forces is only explainable with the wave model, not the mechanical counterpart, and attractive is only similar to electro-magnetism, with a completely different explanation. That's what made Newton think of being a supernatural force created by god to hold all the planets and the universe together. And that's what made Heisenberg say: "Are you silly? An attracting force having the mechanical interpretation, the Higgs boson, which jumps on each other nucleons back to create an attraction?" That cannot be it. Being so weak is not the only disturbing attribute of gravity. It's also being the only far-reaching attracting force. Far reaching, not connected to mechanical forces is only explainable with the wave model, not mechanical counterpart, and attractive is only similar to electro-magnetism, with a completely different explanation. That's what made Newton think of being a supernatural force created by god to hold all the planets and the universe together. And that's what made Heisenberg say: "Are you silly? An attracting force having the mechanical interpretation, the Higgs boson, which jumps on each other nucleons back to create an attraction?" That cannot be it. ecdsa-sha2-nistp256: yeah, everybody loves those nist curves. Not marked as safe by djb according to his hardened standard here: http://safecurves.cr.yp.to/ And Cuba is becoming the new Mexico? :) Nope. This is just a normal short-string implementation, inlined with 64bit systems, with a tag bit. Very common on every better VM. This has nothing to do with (inefficient) encodings, and their bad historic namings, probably derived from perl. Of course any name like byte2utf8 or just to_byte or b2u8 would have been better than encode/decode. And of course cache size matters nowadays much more than immediate substring access for utf8, so nobody should use ucs-2 or even ucs-4 internally. This is easily benchmarkable. Oh my, again a blog post talking about MPH being O(1) but not talking about the constant factors which make this simple approach only useful for >100.000 keys. People, those two-way hashing schemes are already available in the cmph library, even compressed. But even the fastest of the 6 cmph algorithms is much slower than any other perfect hash algorithm with a normal number of keys. (i.e. For comparisons see https://github.com/rurban/Perfect-Hash#benchmarks I smell a language problem when the cited problem is only the automatically added boolean checks. Note that scheme (Racket) has explicit #true and #false values, and the type Boolean contains only those, while most other dynamic languages define booleans as nil or null or 0 as false (some even ""), and everything else as true. So you don't have to add type checks for a sound system, only a NULL/nil check, which is done in the op, and does not needed to be added for each argument or return value. So it's only a problem for soundly typed scheme and some other obscure languages with explicit booleans, such as my potion, but not for most other dynamic languages, which have the NULL checks in the op already. Only very few specialized ops which permit no NULL args need this check. I smell a typical Felleisen. He hates types. I smell a language problem when the cited problem is only the automatically added boolean checks. Note that scheme (Racket) has explicit #true and #false values, and the type Boolean contains only those, while most other dynamic languages define booleans as nil or null or 0 as false (some even ""), and everything else as true. So you don't have to add type checks for a sound system, only a NULL/nil check, which is done in the op, and does not needed to be added for each argument or return value. So it's only a problem for soundly typed scheme and some other obscure languages with explicit booleans, such as my potion, but not for most other dynamic languages, which have the NULL checks in the op already. Only very few specialized ops which permit no NULL args need this check. I smell a typical Felleisen. He hates types. He is the best austrian skier, and a professional. He behaves professional. You need to explain git rerere to be able to save you from rebase trouble. It basically shifts the argumentation from an Audi scandal (more Audi engines than VW engines were involved, and Audi came up with this trick) to Bosch, the maker of the ECU and its model, which is disassembled here. At least that is what I understood from the presentation. The car makers just adjust the parameters of the ECU via CAN a2l files. The Bosch model already includes the "low temperature cheating" mode, which is probably called "Akustikfunktion". The legal question is who really produces this ECU model SW, Bosch or someone else. The parameters from the car makers just use this cheating mode, bypassing NOx control. Almost every single car tested had too high NOx emissions, when not being run on the european test cycle on the dyno. What I miss from this overview are two interesting facts: That more aggressors die of suicide than during combat. http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2013/01/14/169364733/... And that the suicide rate amongst the war victims is much higher than the rate amongst the war aggressors. e.g. 349 in the US military 2013 vs 450 in Bosnia 2013 as absolute number. That fact that modern and cheaper cognitive-behavioral therapy is 2x better than standard US talk therapy is not new in Europa amongst the war victims and refugees. Yes, Hitler was an excellent speaker and a lousy writer. "Mein Kampf" is horrible to read and really needs an annotated version, which is still forbidden to purchase. And the millions of poisonous "Mein Kampf" books, which every couple got when they married are still in thousands of boxes. The new foreign policy book from 1942 looks really interesting to me, foreseeing the US war, as the US industrials were major Hitler backers before the war and just had to back down when Hitler started attacking Great Britain. Also the ally Japan threatening Singapore didn't help winning the war. Would be interesting to see how he thought of holding "his friends", the US out of the war. Even Hitler knew that this would not be winnable in the long end. It was a Bosch ECU, not a VW ECU. VW (via Audi) just provides the a2l parametrization for the ECU. I wish nloglogn.c would come with an open source license. I'd really like to use it. Everything is good and fine, but you cannot have good type inference with dynamic typing and optional static typing. You cannot infer anything about untyped variables, only constants and functions/ops with return types. You can in stricter languages, where the type of a variable is not allowed to change, but in a dynamic languages type inference is limited to explicitly typed variables. You can infer a bit with function signatures and esp. with return types of your internal ops, but everything ends with your normal variable. I also miss the argument that optional static types enable a proper FFI syntax. It's pretty easy for those overly successful coworkers (I've been such a folk) to setup a knowledge collaboration platform, like a wiki, and share this way the knowledge and let people read it instead of asking per email or phone. That's what I did. It doesn't really make sense to answer each and everyone individually. I also collect data, from the very high-brow critics in Cannes, and recently also Sundance for comparison. https://cannes-rurban.rhcloud.com/ What is evident is that very often critics gather to champion objectively awful movies. Even for professional movie critics standards awful movies. Looks for example at the surprising success of this years "Carol" and "The Assassin" in Cannes and their disappointing acceptance in the real world. Well, "Carol" is one of those special needs cases, which still has some champions left over. And compare it to the exceptional Cannes movies this year: Dheepan, Umimachi Diary and Embrace of the Serpent. The critics didn't appreciate them and didn't see it coming. However the professional festival programmers and jury in the followup festivals saw it. But the same happens almost every year. "ADIEU AU LANGAGE" (Godard) highest rated movie 2014, "HOLY MOTORS" (Leos Carax) 2012, "Le Havre" (Aki Kaurismaki) 2011, "FILM SOCIALISME" (Jean-Luc Godard) 2010. The jury votes are usually much better than the critics votes. Comparing quality to quantity (advertising budget, imdb ratings) makes no sense at all. Uh, press releases. There is no back-door. What they found is the plain old habituation effect, circumventing the cortex directly through the hypothalamus, and in this case linking the basolateral amygdala (the pleasure centre) with the dorsolateral striatum (the main centre for unaware behavior). This is a normal effect, not everything can go through the consciousness (the cortex), otherwise it will be overloaded. In fact 80% of all senses and motoric effects are eventually bypassed this way. If I want speed on massive concurrent cores I would choose pony. If I want safety, I would choose pony. If I want to keep my old libs and scripts I would choose cperl. But perl6 is a nice language still, a dinosaur like Common LISP. Bad link. It's a just a content-free teaser for the story coming up tomorrow there, but the full story is written here: https://vivianmaierbio.wordpress.com/ if anyone cares about her bad childhood. Having worked as software dev for formula 1 and as hardware engineer ditto, I can verify this. You see all. You see people hacking a bugfix in one day on the F1 site, but this fix will not survive. Some shops restore from their backups nightly, you will certainly face a lot of meetings and reports to get your one-line fix back into production. Even on R&D problems, which mostly describes F1. This case reported here was on the assembly line, there are different rules. If a strange misproduction happens you certainly want to be able to evaluate the riscs properly. The analogy is a Heisenbug in the production compiler. How often does it happen, how expensive is the problem, how expensive is the fix. There's not one car on the risc, there's the whole line in question. The new robot? The SW or the HW? Wrong measurement, wrong planning, broken sensor, broken motor? Or a real Heisenbug, which appears in HW much more often than in SW. Magneto/electric cabling problem. Or sometimes even light. The cable guy bending an overlong fibre cable I see not much differences from SW and HW engineering. But the biggest difference I know about is the methology. Agile in car manifacturing or HW engineering at all only happens at Toyota, nowhere else. Properly planned waterfall, with excellent and high powered middle management is the norm. If in Asia, Europe or the US. There do exist some very small HW shops, with 1-4 engineers and 2 managers/sales people, and 2 support. There the development is of course engineering driven. Or there are some exceptions, such as Toyota or VW with crazy assembly optimizations, or e.g. Honda where their boss is one of the best engineers (they are lucky). But they eventually they ran out of luck with their funding and had to sell their very best test site, which was then taken over Daimler. That's why their are leading the F1 currently. Another difference is proper training. These good engineering companies train their people a lot. Maybe 10x more than in normal SW engineering. Our beloved SW engineer Andrew Tanenbaum, (you know, MINIX and many books) who runs the website electoral-vote.com does not think so. He mistrusts those numbers, and is totally sure that nobody has a chance against Hillary Rodham this time. Esp. the big endorsements she concentrated early on. At http://www.electoral-vote.com/evp2015/Pres/Maps/Dec27.html#i... he wonders why the top endorsements are still missing, besides the fact that Hillary cannot loose. http://www.electoral-vote.com/evp2015/Pres/Maps/Oct27.html#i... features the best arguments, taken from BloombergPolitics. Personally I would endorse Bernie of course. The list of criminals and liers for POTUS is too long already. But what did we think of Obama before and what did happen? I prefer the Sedgewick illustrations. Yours are targetting kids and is too verbose. Yes. It's open source so if you want a feature badly, file a pull request. Much easier than complaining Well, it's faster than C++ with OpenMP so it's definitely the fastest safe language around. For sure faster and safer than Rust, and it looks better to the eye also. What I'm missing are FFI finalizers and GC triggers as with libsigsegv. Long running hungry actors can force unhandled out of memory. I would look at one if those new type and memory safe languages which are more pleasant to work with and usually faster than C/C++, esp. with concurrency. Pony, felix, nim, Julia, Ocaml, elixir, rust. To the rescue: valgrind complains about this problem, even if many tend to ignore or suppress it, mostly for performance reasons. I updated it here: https://github.com/rurban/marisa-trie with the original wiki docs and some fixes for latest toolchains I investigated a bit this list for the officially banned players, but didn't do the sha256 matching yet for the rumored players. Should be easy though. https://www.reddit.com/r/tennis/comments/41fpeq/tennis_match... Cracking the sha256 hashes like this, but still haven't confirmed anyone new: https://gist.github.com/rurban/2f1eabc751ebdc3cd056 I don't see the obvious alternative in the Custom Search API, even if it was deprecated for 3 years now, so I asked at the recommended forum, StackOverflow: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/34864997/custom-search-a... Yeah I saw that. I'm brute forcing it now... perl is a bit too slow for 12-16 chars, so I'm rewriting it in pony. I assume a known plaintext of a popular player who should be in the top 4. And I'm assuming the spelling from the ATP rankins. In this case it will be very hard to come up with a plausible deniability scenario. But I'm pretty that's their priority number 1 to come up with such a story. Story time :) My bet would be on "legal support framework". Serious crime? Are you out of your mind? His "crime" would be no crime at all in every other country. Only in Sweden a prosecutor is allowed to call that a possible rape. The "victims" did not so. It's entirely a political theatre. See e.g. http://assangerape.tumblr.com/ or https://justice4assange.com/Assange-Case-Fact-Checker.html no, not all. she consented, but was surprised that he didn't use a condom. which could be legally interpreted as mutilation or rape in sweden. she didn't interpret it as rape at all I smell bullshit when even the first sentence of the abstract is not convincing. But it's not really bullshit, it's only common sense. > "Competition is prevalent. People often resort to unethical means to win (e.g., the recent Volkswagen scandal)." The recent "Volkswagen scandal", where the authors probably mean the recent Bosch/Audi scandal who got caught cheating the diesel emission tests, had nothing to do with competition. When everyone is cheating these tests since centuries (starting with the US companies in the 90ies, and then the other car makers later), it is a purely political problem, but has nothing to do with competition. All the engines are using the cheating device, everybody cheats, there's no competition, the game is rigged. So when everyone cheats, just as also in competitive cycling, swimming, athletics, or in politics, it's more a scenario how to play the game properly and just avoid getting caught. But here we went full-cycle, and declare favorable dishonest behavior based on an environment where everyone cheats. The problem is not the winner as declared in this paper, the problem is the whole game, at least the cabal of the top 10 who mostly conspire to keep quiet. But in reality not only the players of the game, also the whole training staff, the media, the judges, the federation. The rest of the paper wants to disprove the false image of the "good sport", which is sometimes based on unfairness. And the new finding is that winning a competition will favor dishonesty, and not only the other way round. Which explains "corruption". This LANai v11 RISC chip seems to be the successor of the LANai v7 and LANai v9 chips described here: https://www.myricom.com/scs/myrinet/...ogramming.html for which the gcc toolchain already exists: https://github.com/myri Porting this to LLVM makes more sense. Nothing too interesting, as it doesn't use IBM's 7nm or Intel's 10nm chip tech. Just a simple but parallel high-speed network chip, as used in the Myrinet network cards. The old ones ran with 33MHz but very low latency. Really exciting would be the Power8 based on IBM's new 7nm, which would finally blow away Intel advantages on an fully open (and unbackdoored) design. I believe I proved that 20 years ago already. At least that's what the relevant art historians write in their books. ArsDoom 1995. https://www.google.de/search?q=ArsDoom+game+art If you want to compare fast languages, you need to compare C++ with rust and pony, not swift and go. I find it curious that Austria ranks last in countries mentioned (with >100), but ranks #4 in upvotes. This is a very interesting and big discrepancy. Are the Austrians really that silent and excellent? But from my personal experiences in popular european culture they are compared to their more northern european fellas louder (and they do publish a lot) and of the same kind of excellence. I'm excited, but the PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md name is too long for root. What about PULL_REQUESTS.md and REPORT_ISSUES.md? I read this, yes. In .github/ people will not see it, and is even more worrysome. It belongs to root, same as CONTRIBUTING.md If the safety problems are solved, yes. But just one tiny explosion, as in the Tesla batteries when loading as it happens with the cheap chinese hoverboards, and the company is doomed. Just think of the Hindenburg desaster. See e.g. https://www.propublica.org/article/a-new-road-rage On a side note: The FBI didn't/couldn't even properly investigate 9/11 so why do they still dare to use this wording? ( "to help them open a single phone that may hold crucial evidence to help explain the most deadly terrorist attack on U.S. soil since Sept. 11, 2001" ) What came out of PENTTBOM? One single court case against Moussaoui, who was not directly involved in 9/11 at all, but that's it. Hundreds of arrests which led to nothing but illegitime long-term hold ups under military law, but no due law. If Apple can help them to extract data from those phones, fine. But Apple apparently built secure phones without bypass, so they are out of luck and it makes no sense to come up with fantasy warrants without any technical solution. `tar xfJ gdb-7.11.tar.xz` for .xz files Oh, it's still missing cbmc or Saturn, which are IMHO the easiest way to translate C problems to SMT problems, because it translates the symbolic C problem automatically. klee still has weird installation issues and a weird syntax, and with z3, coq, akka, agda, HOL, Isabelle and the other prover frameworks you have do it manually. I'd rather use the decade old lisp tools than learning ML or their odd syntax. > Penny Pritzker, the United States commerce secretary, said in an interview in February. “The challenge was to show Europe how our system works, because we don’t have a single overriding privacy law.” There's no single law overriding, because the USA has no privacy protection at all. It only cares about military and cooperate protection. The USA is acting under military powers against foreigners and under martial law against their own civilians (NDAA, Patroit Act, USA Freedom Act, FAA, ...) when they see fit. It's no challenge at all to show Europe how your system works, because we know that you don't care at all about privacy and give all illegally snooped private information to various US agencies acting without any oversight and sell it to the highest bidders by pointing to inacceptable terms of services which in many points violate any civil law. Under EU law unlawful civil terms of services are void. Of course there can be no overrides. When the US at some time will come back to international standards of the common and civil law and the democratic society, such trade agreements will not be needed anymore. But calling it "Safe Harbor" now is a fabrication. “The proposal foresees no legally binding improvements. Instead, it merely relies on a declaration by the US authorities on their interpretation of the legal situation regarding surveillance by US secret services, as well as the creation of an independent but powerless Ombudsman, who would assess citizens' complaints,” Albrecht said. Germany’s federal and regional data-protection authorities said 2015 they wouldn’t approve any new transfers of data to the U.S. — even for transfers based on arrangements different from the trans-Atlantic data-transfer pact knocked down by the European Union’s highest court. Huge influence? It's his paper, his invention and this price without him is again a huge fuckup. But he should be used to that in the meantime. "tired of dealing with complicated tax paperwork headache" really? This your spin on the only other country besides Ethopia which does double taxation on its citizens? Shame on CNN And typically longer compile times. Most variables are split into ("phi") variants, for each assignment, and many more costly optimization steps are now possible. I'm very sceptical that in-mem B Trees can beat hashes, given their huge size overhead and cache unfriendlyness I know b-trees. Still patricia trees or the optimized variant judy hashes are more cache friendly, and non fucked-up hashes even more. For OrderedDict it makes sense, but I would still consider judy or patricia better. Ouch, sorry. You are right. I mixed it up All the CIA does lying, day in day out. That's literally their job, besides extra juridical killings. And they usually don't care about Congress or White House. So it's not unexpected that he got caught. He certainly does not care, as he is more powerful than Obama or Congress. Oh my, again the folks who think that a better hash function saves you from DDOS attacks on collision resolution with linked lists. This is pure nonsense! Get over it please. Hashes for hash tables need to be small and fast, that's all. First, from any hash only a few bits are use for a hash table lookup, typically between 5-8. It depends on the size of the table. You can make your hash function long and strong, but only the last few bits count, and this does not help you at all against DDOS. Second, against DDOS only uhash, or using no linked lists or arrays with O(n/2) lookup costs help. A random seed is good, but can be detected. E.g. a timeout as used by djb in his nameserver does help better than a stronger hash function. Or using a hash table as in glibc, gcc or the linux kernel. siphash or HighwayHash does not help at all. python and perl both fell into this trap. But I appreciate the effort to create a fast metro like hash function, without resorting to the internal crc32 builtin. Will be included in smhasher soon. Summary: https://github.com/rurban/smhasher#summary Excellent characterization and summary. In German those types are called "Angeber" but you really have to read his books to get that. Essentially he said he is soo clever, he memorized most of the books in his prison library When I read that book I had to take some of his statements with a grain of salt. Even then, when the Posen proof was not yet known. As explained in this article he lied a lot. He had to, esp. the Posen incident where he got away with it even if it was totally unbelievable. We only got the proof recently. And his involvement in Todt's slave labour "Organization". He was his boss after all and got all the credit for its success. Even rising up to be the designated follower of Hitler. Todt got the death sentence for it and he successfully talked his way out of it. But then his made up prison stories to impress his fellow germans just broke it. He was a lousy architect after all, as Poelzig correctly found out. What was interesting for the americans then, how he managed to be so incredibly successful as manager of war-time economy. It was unbelievable and unexpected. McNamara would have been very proud of Speer's accomplishments. He was a kind of genius figure for the americans. It's very similar to _why's potion, for which I'm the maintainer now. I added lot's of internal documentation there, but haven't got to add type support (easy, but lof of work) and multi-threading (not easy with this GC). coros, exceptions however are there. According to DAVID ORMEROD in his commentary at https://gogameguru.com/alphago-defeats-lee-sedol-game-1/ , black (Lee Sedol) made plenty of mistakes from the start to the end, and they were seriously questioning his form. White (AlphaGo) made only a few mistakes in the middle, which allowed Black to catch up a bit, but he had no chance, esp. in the endgame. Given that none of the most popular dynamic languages know how a good hash table should be implemented with dozens of half-way experienced programmers over many years, and most of them would not be able to write a proper binary search, these questions are certainly too hard for a jobseeker. Those languages still survived with improper implementations for decades. So will TripleByte. A good programmer must be able to survive mediocre colleagues and terrible managers. How to check for that in an interview? As an interviewer I only look at the resume and published open source projects the candidate did. Everything else just a random impression, nothing serious to bother. The questions are for something else. Exactly. You attack an existing table in an application via POST request of colliding keys. This table has mostly 10-100 elements, and you need to find a collision of say ~10.000-20.000 elements to have an effect. So it starts with ~5 bits on the avg. case and gets into 13-14 bits. This is all too trivial and doesn't need a "secure" hash function, which is not secure at all and can be precomputed. It's plain security theatre by rookies. The "security" may come from the collision resolution or from the seed if you insist on cache-unfriendly linked lists or better strategies, but never from a hash function per se. With 5-14 bits you have no chance at any "security", which starts at 256 bits. And on top of that I guess nobody ever heard of "Cache-Conscious Collision Resolution in String Hash Tables" by Nikolas Askitis and Justin Zobel, who measured that a linear search in an array for collisions outperforms a linked lists by 2-4x, even if that can do move-to-front much easier. People still do worry about the hash function, where they do should worry about their hash tables instead, which can easily be made 4x faster and not 2x slower. Worked in all 3, Austria, Germany, US. Germany is indeed the best, but only if you can work remote for a US company. Looks like so. He miscalculated the center, while it looked he got the corners. But AlphaGo didn't care and continued pressure That might be the only strategy to learn from AlphaGo: If she makes an unexpected bold move, like she did in the center a couple of times, she's onto something and you certainly miscalculated that area. Don't gamble, defend that. What I really liked about those games so far, and Michael Redmond commentary, is that AlphaGo not only beat Lee Sedol twice, but also Redmond. He is playing the same style as Sedol, he constantly predicts Sedol's moves and he is as surprised and does the same miscalculations as Sedol. He really needs some time to find out when he made a mistake, the same mistake Sedol was eventually doing. This is high class commentary. Even if they have no Computer screen to clear the screen after some variations. He remembers all the stones and immediately clears his own moves, amazing. I'm not sure if a better device would actually help. This evaluation function does exist, and it's better than the super-simple chess evaluation function. See, a chess program needs to find a lot of valid moves (see Deep Blue which won because it had stupid but extremely fast HW move generators), evaluate the moves and do a very deep search, up to 14, out of the very few alternatives. Russian chess programmers were better those times. They came up with AVL trees e.g. But hardware won. In Go it's completely different. A move generator makes no sense at all, and a depth search of 14 neither. There are not a few alternatives, there are too many. What you need is a good overall pattern matching of areas of interest and an evaluation of those areas. And we saw that this feature outplayed Lee Sedol. Sedol couldn't quite follow in the recalculation of the areas. Same as in chess AlphaGo learned the easy thing, that the center is more important than the corners, something Lee forgot during the game. But it's not a deep search, it's a very broad search, and very complicated evaluation function. A neural net is perfect for this function. > whereas in Go no such function seems to exist. It does exist. It's the neural net. It's a simple pattern recognizer, which learns over time more and more. Ouch, big business mistake. The Ritalin manifacturer forgot to pay those Taiwan researchers, who think they could turn around the world as they see fit. Now they can only retaliate afterwards. We'll see what they'll come up with now. Thanks. That's what I asked on the list, but HN was faster :) A lot. A brain is much bigger and much slower. Macbook Air - having my fifth now, also a Linux Asus Zenbook, but this was horrible. First of all darwin catches much more memory errors than Linux. The UI and WiFi and powermgmt is superior. My i7 is even faster than on my big desktop machine for numeric or hashing tests. It's light and beautiful. No need to worry about systemd or gnome 3 quirks. Downsides: we have found nasty clang and gcc bugs on darwin only lately. Having to use dsymutil sucks, but if you use it it works as on Linux. ranlib sucks. A bit more integration needed, as on windows with similar gyrations. Cuckoo needs double space, and even if you add those two tables one after the other, it begs for cache misses with larger arrays, besides needing a much lower fill rate than leapfrog, which only needs 2 bytes extra. leapfrog looks really promising Yes, ck and preshing https://github.com/preshing/junction are state of the art. This one really not. Perhaps fully self-drive cars without prepared maps being loaded on demand. Which would exclude Google and enable driving around beyond their event horizon. E.g in private areas, or Europe, Asia and such. On in areas with road construction going on I wouldn't blame Nixon, rather Lyndon Johnson. He is the one who moved NASA from Alabama with the successful Germans to Houston, getting rid of all the German engineers who designed everything up to Apollo and introducing Anglican incompetent mid-level management and their favor of solid rockets. The first sentence is a very naive point of view. Most people argue that it is the other way round. People who worked there. So they are using simple and fast double, not long double. Which makes sense. Plenty of those early huge capital cities got lost. Angkor Wat, Edo, Vilcabamba, Troy, Helike, Ai, Aztlán, Ys, Shambhala, Xanadu, Carthago, Karakorum, Niniveh, Persepolis, Ur, Samarkand, ... See e.g. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lost_city I only found https://github.com/mrisher/smtp-sts so far, but this is just docs. Any implementations in the works? People do pay 5K for just a meeting? Sure. The US needs to prolong their racist and anti-communist policies, that's why they came with their current prison system afterall. Nixon improved the system to ensure better voter turnout for his kind (20% less democrates votes and get blacks from the streets), Clinton improved the system for more cheap slave labour (which worked great for centuries to make the US the greatest country of all) and helped private prison incentives. Mandatory sentencing, war on drugs, reducing accountability on law enforcement and justice. Actually helping improving the crime rate is not the goal, the goal is entirely business and political. The crime rate went down due to Roe v. Wade btw, getting poor people access to birth control. That's why the right-wing states are fighting that. It would diminish their advantages of the current imprisonment system. They do profit from these policies. It's only testing the quality of hash tables and sort, not much else. siphash beating FNV1 can only be explained with the table implementation Every not open addressed hash table can use load factors up to 100%, compared to 50-75%. Robin hood is a special case. Concurrent leapfrog hashing would save the go lock and performance problems better. No need for trees when you can use a proper concurrent in-memory hash table. And you can use string keys. Nope. More insecure Ciphers are marginally slower than modern ones. Janet C. Phelan also wrote about him June 2015: http://journal-neo.org/2015/06/12/paul-calder-le-roux-arch-v... I really like his ongoing work with the old cruft: https://gitlab.com/sortix/sortix/wikis/ports which reminds me a lot on OpenBSD. Hardly. They'd rather cancel POP first. A long-term IMAP storage is legally needed for the spooks to read your email in real-time. With POP they don't have the legal excuses, so they cannot read it. Only what's left over there. New elliptic curve attack. New recommended keysize went from 256 to 3072 bits. "ECDLP can be solved in 24-th root time" https://t.co/v29zE9S6v7 > "stock market crash" The fundamentals lost their annual rise from 6% to 3%, which is still a much better rate than any other major economy. I kept my chinese investments and it's still raising with 3.5%. True rises, not artificial booms. Still more secure than the promised 10-20% interest from monetary gambling by wallstreet, not backed up by economic advantages. I thought when reading about that "Drop the mic" joke, that gmail will temporarily drop recording from the users microphone, and will not send the audio to google, so they won't be able to listen what is spoken in that room. I thought that's a neat feature, unfortunately only temporary. Romanian government used that tactic for some years on all old cable phones, until google brought that feature to the masses with the new smartphone and laptop technology. This kind of farmers revolutions crop all the time in history, thanksfully! I'm a bit sceptical about the taste of seaweed having being in Japan already, but of course he is right. Just see the land farmers revolutions, fighting industrial farming with new methods. Organic farming (the "bio" label), sellers collectives, Community Supported Agriculture (CSA). Previously they had to fight the big mills and banks, now the industry, the government and Monsanto just to keep the nature and ourself healthy. There's a whole film festival for new farming http://www.mefarms.org/community-kitchen/food-farm-film-fest... with lots of recommendations. "The Real Dirt on Farmer John" (my favorite) http://www.angelicorganics.com/ and esp. http://learngrowconnect.org/ http://foodforthoughtfilm.com/ , ... Yes, partially I'm sceptical because the tastes can range from throwing up, disgusting, neutral, faboulous (miso soup). But on the hand he surely knows what he is doing with a successful 20 acres farm, so I rather believe it tastes good. Exactly. Why would I write a custom, small, incomplete and much slower solver by myself for my compiler, when I can just use a fast SAT solver (cryptominisat and friends), which are complete and have an acceptable license. Looking at scala, pony, haskell, but really any modern language working on dependent types: python, php, cperl, ruby, ... I couldn't find a debian repo, and I wonder what to do with the bcc nameclash for the source package. bcc is an existing tiny c compiler in debian. Which is was exactly described in this paper. It's not cargo cult, it's the exact technical explanation what happens when the entropy runs out, while it should be blocking or in the OpenSSL case just use a proper API to avoid the exact same confusion (this is low entropy as with /dev/urandom ) or add more mixing rounds. The cargo cult you are describing is exactly the cargo cult trap you are falling into. So when this guy is asking to reform "All Things Considered" and "Fresh Air" to attract a more younger audience all alarm bells have to ring. The goal is to attract an intelligent audience, not the young audience everyone else is tracking. His next idea will be to move "This American Life" to a bad slot. Don't listen to him. I filed my income taxes in Austria, the US and now in Germany. All of them are pretty easy to file. The cited 13 hours is insane, and I never needed a 3rd party to help me. But the US fax filing system is by far the simpliest. I only needed 2 hrs to file them every year. In Austria and Germany it needs 5-10 hours, and they have insane buerocratic hurdles. The US have a very simple PDf to fill out, and an excellent explanation. In Germany I have now monthly stupid HTML forms to fill out with manually entering >50 zeros. So I cannot really understand what's so complicated. Yes. Apparently upper management decided to kill the job, and forgot to tell me for 3 months. Shouldn't the proper fix be implying -i on -rf / At least in some fork of the coreutils. Oh, that Neda video was uploaded by me to Youtube, because the Iranians who brought it out of the country couldn't. They never talked to me about it. You need to restrict YAML to SecureLoad, with manually adding allowed typed and classes. At least perl doesn't support this, so it's inherently insecure there, but you can always use YAML::Syck which didn't go this way. YAML is insecure by default, JSON secure by default. There are not many secure transportation formats, JSON being one of the few. And JSON can be parsed much faster and easier than YAML, with its types, cyclic references and classes. Nope, just a readable JSON. YAML does much more, for many too much. This is the NSA. They don't do CSS I've only seen such behavior in 2nd or 3rd world countries, like in some eastern block countries or the US, never in the developed world. It's disgusting. No it's not. That's exactly the same use-case those slow dynamic languages have now. This kind of efficiency is a big deal, in languages designed by people with the same mindset. Getting errors is the same if at compile-time or in the test-suite or at the customer, though having them at compile-time is of course preferred. In LISP you have all 3 cases. In static languages only the first. These guys here solve their type-checking performance problem by deferring the check to dynamic code. Checks are expensive if your type checking code is slow, or the source code is a dynamic mess. We are talking about ruby on rails here, which is the biggest dynamic mess one can think of. It's the similar problem the JIT guys have, deferring compilation to only actually invoked code and skipping dead branches. No, they still haven't got it. It was developed by Bosch, probably on request by Audi, and it was parameterized (= enabled) by Audi 1999. Most others engine manufacturers were also tested positive to use this cheat setting. And this is a recent investigation by german authorities, confirming that everyone cheated. http://www.thelocal.de/20160420/several-german-car-manufactu... You are still searching for char (256 values, 8 bit) when you only need 4 values (2 bit)? You know that cache misses dominate the search, so you need to compress the chars to 2 bit, and search in L1 cache size blocks. Esp. the inverted index will be much faster to search if compressed. Furthermore those search terms are so highly specialized that you can easily jit the regex. Why using the super slow python and not a fast language? I thought DNA matching is a big and important enough problem where you shouldn't toy around with dinosaurs. [Edit: 3 -> 2 bit] If they can afford to wait for their results 10x longer, and need 5x more RAM, ok. But in the normal, nonlazy, technical world you have your backends optimized, and only the frontend is simplified to python or R or matlab. Solvers don't do brute force at all. Otherwise you wouldn't come up with ways to crack crypto. Solvers work with SAT and SMT languages, which means purely logical and extended to simple words and bitarrays, and the solvers mentioned there (cbmc is also in this league), can solve normal programming logic backwards. Means you assert a result on a variable at the end, specify which variables and states will affect the wanted result, and the framework and solver will efficiently backtrack all the possible solutions of input variables to come up to your desired endstate, by filtering out impossible paths and values. Like in a game. Z3 is very popular, because you can write your problem in python. Ages ago lisp was very popular, and some of the very first lisp programs from the 60ies were such solvers (general planner) leading to AI. And recently with the implementation of efficient simple open-source SMT solvers (minisat, ...) implemented within gcc or llvm you can now even use normal C programs and backtrack results, optimize and check types, do bounds checking, generate tests from bugs and so on. This is not comparable to simple fuzzing or brute-forcing, it knows the program flow, and works the flow backwards. Yes, and not only that. It also inherently insecure, while JSON is together with msgpack the only fast and secure serialization format out there. The problem is the encoding of objects and code without any checksumming, so it can be trivially tampered with, leading to very nice exploits, mostly remotely. See e.g. https://metacpan.org/pod/Cpanel::JSON::XS#SECURITY-CONSIDERA... I need to add ion to this security matrix. YAML does most of those and does more and can be made quite secure by limiting the allowed types to the absolute and trusted minimum, but this e.g. not implemented in the perl, only the python backend. By default YAML is extremely insecure. There are more new readable and typed JSON variants out there. E.g. jzon-c should be faster than ion, but there are also Hjson and SJSON. See https://github.com/KarlZylinski/jzon-c We heard of it and we despise it. It's the most horrible structured data format out there in the wild. Even worse than XML, and this is quite something. We thought the same about Obama and then he turned 180 on us. Bernie has a history favoring weapon makers from his own state as well as going after people using his logo, so we can be pretty sure that given the opportunity it will not all be as wonderful as he promises. And who knows what they have collected about him in the meantime. There must have been a reason why Obama turned 180 so suddenly, as soon as he was in office. cbmc: http://www.cprover.org/cbmc/applications.shtml cmbc is easiest to install, they even have binaries. easy samples also in the manual: http://www.cprover.org/cprover-manual/modeling-assertions.sh... klee: https://klee.github.io/tutorials/ pretty hard to install coq: https://coq.inria.fr/a-short-introduction-to-coq the real beast out there. easy to install. but hardly usable for normal hackers, because of their mathematical notation. but it's using plain c, and you can verify c with various solvers. z3: http://rise4fun.com/z3/tutorial the most popular, but only python or SMT-LIB 2.0 (lisp). for crypto https://srlabs.de/minisat-intro/ has some explanation how to break weak ciphers or hashes, knowing the weakness beforehand. but the various hackers posting on their blogs usually have better practical explanations. Normal CIA business. The author missed to make this hint. Yes, but the privacy bit is wrong. Chinese as all asians are very concerned about privacy and government spies patrolling and censoring their free internet space. There are a lot of invite-only app spaces, and you trust the one you see, but not a random internet guy. It's less about politics, more about government track down of "porn" (=prostitution) and corruption. See, that's why I am a diehard macports user. /opt/local and not /usr/local. No cross pollution with my own configure && make && make install packages, nicely separated and maintained. How can he even say that with a straight face? Those guys really need to be professional lyers. Terrorists, criminals and freedom fighters always used latest encryption tech in hostile environments to protect themselves. Just look e.g. at the files from the South African underground who made it public. What Clapper (government, military, police, congress) really cares about is mass decryption of the populations communication. we wrote such dupefinders as fun hackathon contest organized by the dallas perl user group 2013: http://perlmonks.org/?node_id=1067570 discussion at http://mail.pm.org/pipermail/dfw-pm/2013-December/thread.htm... => http://dfw.pm.org/winners.html it is really not easy. I used as only one bloom hashes, which explains why mine was fastest and smallest, but unfortunately not correct. First of all, they didn't caught VW cheating, they caught Audi cheating, amongst others. VW was using those Audi engines. The press just jumped on VW, because they were the biggest and can take the biggest hit. Second, the cheaters, and all of them were cheating as already presented at the CCC congress some months ago, used all the same Bosch ECU, which had the cheating option built-in with a misleading variable name, which did the detection of the test cycle. And any engine manifacturer can enable or disable this mode. Passing the test means the legally they are all fine. Because the european and non-US emission law just honors passing this test cycle. In the US it's different. Third, historically everybody was cheating with those NOx tests. The US companies starting with that, the Asians got caught, now everybody got caught, with the new VW and Audi A5 engines actually having the least emissions of all, together with Skoda Superb and BMW 3. Limiting the damage done to VW was a good marketing trick, and you are still falling for it. I was convinced at the first outing 2015 already: https://www.wired.com/2015/12/bitcoins-creator-satoshi-nakam... Bob: so no workstealing with native threads anymore, just tiny fibers? looking forward to your jit. have a look at potion, it's really simple and fast.