Interesting peaks. A year ago, when I was developing a retro Pacman for cellphones (J2ME) as a university project, I decided to use a text file to store maps. It was before I knew about emacs picture-mode, and I was working on Windows, so I actually used MS Excel for the job. You resize the cells to make them square, insert a formula that will rewrite all cells from a given row into a single string (so you could then just copy a column with those strings and paste directly into Notepad, or something), and then you can use convenient navigation with arrows, tab and ENTER to create the map (also filling entire row or column by one mouse drag was handy). Moreover, if you add "conditional formatting", you can make all different tiles appear with different colors and font styles (like walls with dark background or pickups colored in gold, green, etc.). It's a 2-minutes-to-do, poor's man map editor for tileset-based games :). I often do branch prediction when chatting on IM's, especially with people who type slowly. For example, I ask "How did your exam went?", and before getting the answer, I type (without sending) "Sorry to hear that, but hey, you'll have another chance next week." In general, I just quickly think about possible answers, select the most probable one and type in my response without waiting. Then I get answer from the other person, and most likely send my text immediately. Most of the time, branch prediction works great and it's a big chat optimization. If it fails, it is often of because the other person answered in a way, that my prepared sentence won't fit grammatically (I just edit it), or asked for clarification (I then CTRL+X my response for later reuse and write some clarification instead). I think I've realized it when I started to extensively use Skype chat, which (as opposed to - for example - IRC) shows that a person is typing. When I'm asked a question and then I see that the other person is typing something, I wait with my answer, expecting a clarification or follow-up statement from the person I talk to. I guess others do that too, so I consciously avoid branch-prediction typing on Skype in order to actually get any answer from the other person. Wow... I'm sitting here, mentally mapreducing the HN RSS, barely awake, and then this news item pops up, I load the page and I'm like: "...ee... WHAT?". Then I got flooded by the wave of excitement and pleasant emotions. Awesome idea! :). Though I'm too excited to go to sleep now :(. I learned about Dropbox exactly the way slide 28 shows - heard about it from random source, tested, felt happy and started forcing my friends to use it (ie. to coordinate work for university projects). And the funny thing about those "Dozens and dozens of cloud storage companies" that existed prior to Dropbox (as slides 6 and 7 tell)... personally I don't know anyone who knew about any of those companies. I didn't know any of them untill today and for years I was pretty sure that Dropbox guys were the first ones to get that idea (or at least to get it working). And they did a great job with it. I can imagine reporters using ear cameras. As far as I remember, there was even a scene on Star Trek: Generations movie, when journalists used something similar in principle: http://www.ex-astris-scientia.org/gallery/factfiles/federati... and http://www.ex-astris-scientia.org/gallery/factfiles/federati... If you could look through a (linear) polarizing filter oriented at 45 degrees from the vertical, you could kill off most of LCD displays. Unfortunately, sunglasses with polarizer are usually polarized at the wrong angle, so you have to tilt your head to see the effect (black screens). Sorry for that, I'll be more enter-aware in the future. > The answer to online advertising isn't to hit more people, it's to hit the right people in the right way. Still, it sounds to me like doing a carpet-bombing to eliminate one building. At least in case of non-AdWords advertisements. It might be a problem with my assumptions. Could you elaborate on the "people do want to see ads" part, please? Personally, I'm having a hard time imagining why people would (actively) want to see (on-line) adverts. Thanks for the stats. I didn't realize that AdBlock (and the like) is so unpopular (guess what happens when only people you talk to are either geeks or people who almost doesn't use computer at all :) ). Also, this report you've mentioned is... intriguing. With all respect to people who do them, I think that those kinds of proffessions should be ultimately done by machines and technology. People are good at creativity and generating new ideas; machines are good at repetition and precision. Congratulations on the release! Music video and the comic (Continuation guild reminds me of Arilou ships from StarControl II) are AWESOME and made my day. I'm currently trying to get money for paper version of the book. By the way, I've shown the music video and the comic to friends of mine, and two of them actually got interested and started to ask questions about Lisp. Their positive reaction makes me think that those materials could be good to show to people to get them seriously interested in parenthesis-oriented-programming ;). http://roflcopter.pl/math-jokes.jpg I don't use any particular technique; I try to get 7 hours of sleep per day, but it often ends up 5-6 hours. I started collecting sleep time data few days ago and am in progress of writing a piece of Lisp code to compute a running average and apply some kind of proportional (or PI) controller to fix my sleeping time. You know, a kind of software that yells at you: "Hey, you really have to go to bed before 2200 today!" ;). (I know it might sound overengineered, but hey, it's also fun! ;)) I find "keeping an eye on the time" very distracting. When I work alone, I usually set up my phone timer to some interval and then toss it away, out of sight. I also restrain myself from estimating the remaining time based on looking at computer clock. I just do my work untill it rings. At work I try to avoid using phone timer, as ringing sound might distract my co-workers. I was positively surprised by the fact that the site presented itself in my native language (polish) and it didn't suck . It's probably the first time ever I saw a site that autodetected a language and it actually felt nice. Not everything is translated though, and I hope you'll fix it one day :). After reading this I start to really feel why we don't like 'security by obscurity'... Works fine and looks great for me. Also, it's a first parallax website I've seen so far, so thanks for posting! BTW. Despite that it's an advert, it has a positive message. Made me feel better, at least a bit. Yes. And it's still so true :). Isn't it true that an american citizen can not be banned from entering his country and isn't that a constitutional law? I'm not from US, but I remember a small media mess around a case, when TSA didn't want to let an american citizen out of the airport (was mentioned on HN). About reading fiction apart from technical things - I believe that fiction writing is important and practical for society as a whole in a way similar to how thought experiments and simulations are important for scientists. Writers of books and TV shows create imaginery worlds in which they set up different scenarios, create problems and propose solutions. Those stories often create discussions, in which people generate and evaluate ideas. For example, many science-fiction fans get involved in lengthy discussions about physics of space travel and social consequences of technology that doesn't exist yet. But it might exist in the future, as it is with ie. Orson Scott Card's writings exploring influence of global information network on society and governments back in 1980-s. I believe the same applies to other genres as well - good stories contain simulations of events that might not be happening right now around us, but one day they might. It's a human way to create solutions before real problems strike hard. Thanks for your answer :). But still, I'd like to know if it is a constitutional right or if I misread it somewhere? BTW. I heard a joke about current flight security policies in general (ie. not specific to any country) that "you can board the plane with a fish in a bowl, as long as you dispose of water before entering" ;). A programmer I know told me once about his method of using Twitter. He doesn't read any normal news sites, use RSS, etc. but just follows on Twitter people who write things that he finds interesting (mostly game development). When someone stops tweeting high-value things (links to interesting articles, etc.) he just stops following him and finds someone with more interesting tweets. Sad there's no mention about Org Mode. It's awesome :). Like people talking about Lisp being dead for the last 30 years, or so? ;). I was recently struggling whether commit my new TODO list to WorkFlowy and OrgMode, and I made a small comparison: Org Mode + You get full editing power of Emacs + Lots and lots of features (custom TODOs, calendars, hyperlinks, generating documents, ...) that are hidden and doesn't distract people who are not aware of them. + It IS actively developed all the time :). - Not really portable - requires Emacs for nice look&feel, although .org files are just text files, so one MIGHT be able to work with them. WorkFlowy + Webapp, so it's extremely portable. + Web-based, so it's always synchronized :). + Ability to zoom-in on a selected part of your list is much better done than the Org-Mode one (at least the "C-x n s" I know about). - Bad editing shortcuts and lack of general text editing capabilities I'm used to (ie. CTRL+arrows doesn't move around text by jumping words). I finally chose Org Mode (don't need to synchronize that list, and I do need the editing powers), but I also have a lot of stuff on WorkFlowy that I need to have synchronized between work, home, and whereever I go. OneNote is a good piece of software, IMO. I keep majority of my notes there (but I started using it long before I ever saw Emacs or heard about Org Mode). I was thinking about migration, but some of my notes consist of drawings and images pasted between text - I have no idea how to move something like that to Org Mode, or make such notes there in the future. Count me in! The replay button reminds me of the Achron game (an up-coming Meta-Time RTS). Basically, you can start drawing, then press Replay and draw some more on the replay, and then press Replay again... looks amazing :D. Nice work :). Even if it's subconscious, if one could come up with a way to measure this "accuracy in prediction", I think it could be trainable. Awesome! We need more tools such as this one to help people get the feel of different concepts in mathematics and physics. I tend to click print-view (if I can find one) each time I see multiple-page article. I'm not sure why anyone designing those websites thinks that paging articles is a good idea, but even if it is, it's probably not intended to benefit the readers. They look WAY better on W3C site. For some reason Smashing made a JPEG version of the original PNGs. I'd like to take this opportunity to remind HN that we don't use JPGs for this type of graphics. See: http://lbrandy.com/blog/2008/10/my-first-and-last-webcomic/ ;) The site is actually a little bloated with AdSense, making it hard to distinguish between content and adverts. Maybe that's why YC accepts so many applications - pg is gathering the data to improve The YC Algorithm ;). Haha, awesome! I installed two extensions to Chrome immediately :). It is sad that collapsible comments doesn't work on HN sidebar :(. Amazing! So many different worlds on our single planet. (For some reason it also reminded me of different "lands" on a single map in Heroes of Might and Magic III.) Without taking anything from Raymond Li, who did something awesome, is this really a brand new thing, as the article seems to say? I think I remember seeing water-powered jetpacks on TV (Discovery, I think) years back. Does anyone remember any previous attempts on devices like that? Maybe it works as a cost-effective way to eliminate occasional counterfitter-wannabes. Reminds me of: http://lesswrong.com/lw/f1/beware_trivial_inconveniences/ For me it doesn't really feel like a switch (unless we talk about a very fast one). I tend to mix thinking (and sometimes speaking) in English and Polish to the level they blend together - sometimes I express separate phrases or even words in another language just because it "feels better" this way. Similarly for programming languages - I tend to mix thinking in them with thinking in natural language. I do agree that those two issues - thinking in programming and natural languages - might be connected. It somehow feels similar. Played around with it for a while, but because I currently don't have a way ($$$) to get Photoshop (nor do I really need it), I use Paint.NET for most of the things I do. For the few things for which Paint.NET is not good enough I use GIMP ;). And of course Inkscape for vector graphics. Haha, very nice :). I feel like using it myself for self-motivation :). Thanks for the idea; will use at work since next monday! :D. For those who didn't notice - this series currently has 5 more articles - you need to click "Next post" at the bottom. Wasn't immediately obvious for me. This link just shown me how many misconceptions I have about vacuum exposure. Thank you! I've learned a lot from it. Actually, more action is going on scientist-mode-__experimental__ branch. Code is little rusty, but workable with and possibilities of optimizations are great. EDIT: BTW. Any ideas how to get continous integration working with it? Programmer's intuition ;). I really like your question. Personally I value stories, creations, etc. in which authors make multiple layers of "jokes" or references. Unfortunately, I'm not good enough to know what letters I'm actually changing :(. "Spam filtering programs using A.I. learning and classification techniques correctly identify over 99.9% of the 200 billion spam e-mails sent each day." 200 billion spam e-mails each day . Something should be done with spammers just on the basis of how much electricity it wasted on sending, processing and discarding all those e-mails... > Life expectancy was only 35 because of infant mortality. Once you grew up, people tended to live almost as long as we do today. Ok, so why we calculate it this way? Shouldn't we look at median instead of an average? Or average on data between lower and upper quartile? I thought that quartiles exist exactly for those kind of situations... First thought: "Yo dawg. I herd you like Y-Combinator. So we put a lambda in yo lambda, so you can recurse while u recurse." A M A Z I N G. I was really impressed :). Or at least please use TLDs that together with domain name actually try to resemble some English words, and are not just "take a noun, cut suffix, add .ly" mashups. In what way "computers adore XML"? Well, it can represent trees (and so can S-expressions), but its verboseness makes the files bigger, parsing more computation-intensive and memory consuming. Isn't "poking at all the options the program provides, hoping one of them will be close enough" the way one actually learns to use a program? At least I personally learn everything this way. Oh noes, I've accidentally upvoted this poll :(. (joking ;)) Isn't keyboard-related RSI caused by moving wrists? This system doesn't require you to move your hand at all. BTW. I've just read on Wikipedia that there's no causation proven between RSI/CTS and keyboard typing. Interesting, as from what I've seen, it's a widespread belief. At the moment of writing this comment, this app has 88 likes and 446 tweets. I wonder if people don't click "Like" in order not to reveal that they're interested in using the application ;). +1 ;) I always carry duct tape, WD-40, swiss army knife, another knife, lighter, a spare CAT-6 net cable. Also recently I started to carry those small bags with sugar that they give in coffee shops. Funny thing is, that run into situations where duct tape is needed almost on daily basis. It's like the "when only thing you have is a hammer..." effect, but in a positive way. Opportunities to fix/hack things find you all the time ;). There's a presentation from ITA (a company that made one of the more known air travel search engines) about this topic, which covers pricing issues in much details: http://www.demarcken.org/carl/papers/ITA-software-travel-com... For my small projects, plain-text OrgMode file most of the time is sufficient ;). At work I used Redmine, and I find it to be a really nice tool. Right. Most of the actions required you to do things in real world - such as pay a fee, bring some photos / documents / printouts somewhere, etc. Also the steps you should take depended on who you are, whether are you continuing studies or coming for the first time, etc. So you did those things and then returned to recruitment site, say, next day. Technically it is a wizard, but it doesn't show you the "state of the process" and the point of it you're in right now. Also, it is persistent and updated based on real-world actions :). The reason why I like it is that the other, "obvious" option would be to write a document that tries to describe every action that should be taken in more-less sequential way - those documens tend to be hard to follow because of their length and branching (ie. "do X, unless you're Y - then do Z"). Great idea. Thanks for posting this! Reminds me of an advice my friend gave me once. I was writing a small game with a ball flying between planets in 2D space. Sometimes the ball would travel outside of the screen boundaries. I used to draw a marker on the proper side of the screen to point to where the ball is. The friend suggested much better idea - a circle centered on the ball should be drawn, with radius big enough to make it visible on the game screen. The continuous change of the curvature and length of the visible part of the circle provides feedback on the ball-to-screen distance in the same way that, in your example, hand gestures can provide information on the distance between the car and the wall. Screenshot: http://temporal.pr0.pl/devblog/download/projects/ClozeCall/s... Note the part of the circle visible near the bottom of that picture. What about out-of-the-office work applications? Storage rooms, hospitals, factories, delivery - everywhere you have to walk around with information instead of sitting by your desk. I can imagine (I don't know if anyone actually tried this) a facility with many (company-owned) tablets that people exchange between themselves instead of paper reports and forms, much like PADDs in Star Trek. I'm surprised that LCARS interface is not there. EDIT: Request sent. Same here; I tend to pause movies and read stuff out of the GUIs/code displays. I remember that on StarGate: The Ark of Truth movie there's some JavaScript-like webpage code that was supposed to be the source code of dangerous aliens. StarGate TV series also featured some C and Java-like code; surprisingly, some of those places should actually contain a meaningful text, not code. I think UPS uses 2D barcode that is currently known as MaxiCode. I've also seen Datamatrix codes on some electronics. There are probably many more examples of use in logistics and manufacturing. I think I have similar feelings. The deep reason for me to read about advanced mathematics, theoretical physics and science in general is the hope that one day this accumulated knowledge will let me understand the world we live in in a better way; a hope of getting a framework of thought that allows to experience and do things that previously I couldn't. Thanks for sharing this link. I'm giving a talk on Lisp and computer games at my university in less that two weeks from today. It's great to have more examples to share. BTW. Abuse is a half-C, half-Lisp game. Am I the only one who, looking at the headline, thinks "RSA as in algorithm", not "RSA as in some US company"? Thanks for the info! I haven't been on IRC so much recently and I've missed info about this on #lispgames. I probably won't have time to participate this time though :(. And you can rotate them, which will ruin your chances of winning. I've just watched the video on my laptop and this 3D audio actually works! It's amazing! I'd really like to see more demos. Use your smartness to install routines and hacks in your life to help you cope with down phases. Use your up phases to the fullest of your potential. Help Lisp environment to become better and better. I'm talking about respecting someones programming skills. Respecting someone as a person is a whole different topic. It's a great question. After rewriting this post several times I realized that I never really thought about it carefully before. I know I have great respect for people who invent things like closures, Aspect-Oriented Programming, Metaobject Protocol or Erlang-style concurrency. I have great respect for low-level hackers. I have great respect for demoscene, where people store almost unimaginable amounts of animation, sound and action in kilobytes (sometimes it's a demo in 4KB, sometimes an FPS game in 96KB). After some thinking I believe that what I really respect in people is the way they solve problems - be it a beautiful design, a really smart hack, a clever abstraction, or a great idea for a product. About rating by language, I think there are two different kinds of "using the language", that differ by the reason, why one is using that language. Let me give an example of each: 1. "I code in C++ because it's the best language,... and the only one I really know." (that would be me, few years ago ;)) 2. "I code in C++ because I like it and it fits the problems I like to solve. I also know Erlang, Common Lisp, Haskell, Prolog, Java and (...), and I can apply the lessons they gave me in my C++ programming, but I really - both in the context of the projects I want to do, and my personal feelings - like C++ the most." I'd really respect the second programmer even if I didn't like the language he is using, whereas the first programmer simply has a lot to learn about the world. It seems that I respect creativity, 'MacGyverism' and hacking spirit. I understand that in many places it might not be what's needed. In some places you need people to do repetitive, almost mechanical work, or maintenance work. I do believe that people ultimately should not do repetitive work; that this kind of work should be automated in the future. People should solve problems, machines should do the boring work. I don't know if it is possible with maintenance though. I do have a feeling , that enterprise work, all the 'business/corporate development' is full of boring, overly complicated, useless and redundant work that comes from using poor tools. It's just a gut feeling (based on brief look on some technologies and stories over the Internet), I never worked professionally on enterprise software and have no hard data points to prove (or disprove) it. I'd like to know the opinions of people working on 'corporate stuff'. //EDITed line feeds. A great part of even greater Org Mode. I'm experimenting with literate programming using Org Babel right now. While this style of programming seems interesting, so far it proved only to be a great time sink for me. Maybe some benefits will show themselves later :). At work I'm a "food outlier", because I'd actually like to have pizza :(. Breaking to any of your e-mail accounts may allow the attacker to impersonate you and start social-engineering attacks. I do believe that the single most important account for one to protect is one's e-mail account. I still don't understand why the average is used instead of median (or average of data between the first and third quartile), when people talk about life expectancy. It leads to misconceptions. Sarcasm or not, it is a valid solution. Making the whole problem somehow relevant economically to US or international community might be helpful, although I have no idea how to do that. Agree. I remember hearing that the general population of WWII Germany was unaware of the atrocities that happened in Nazi concentration camps. Given also the recent events in countries you mentioned, I think that making regular people in North Korea know what's going on in their country could be very, very important. This library just pushed JavaScript to the top of the "to learn for real" list for me. It looks like a great tool. Thanks, it looks amazing! :). I interpreted this as "quieter than ". Also, I treat statements like "It's three times quieter." as completely worthless. "Quieter" is a relative term, and one has to be quieter than something for the statement to make sense. I've been trying to do Literate Programming in one project and somehow I can't stop feeling like this is a big time sink (writing down all this prose) that ultimately makes programs harder to understand (single code module can be spread across half of the file) and harder to modify (when you change one part, you have to look through half of your prose to check if there is something to be removed/rephrased). I don't know, maybe I'm doing it wrong? I'm thinking, your comment probably will change my life in some way. I've been following HN for almost two years and I can see how the content and discussions shaped me into a different person. Looking at the MIT Tech Review, I get the feeling the same will happen. Anyway, thanks for your comment and pointing me to MIT Tech Review. I guess he meant that "strong AI" is you and me. I think people need to use their willpower and intelligence to automate boring stuff out of existence. A really nice infographic. I like the design, especially the Facebook logo progressbar (near the bottom, "70% of Facebook users..."). "just a few hours ago, I read a comment by someone who works at Facebook, observing that most people there also maintain a separate LinkedIn profile because they want to keep their personal and professional lives separate." Given how easy is to track down someones' Facebook profile given his LinkedIn profile (and the other way around), I see no sense in this reasoning. Different "profiles", accounts, blogs, etc. form a kind of graph - they are usually connected one to another (often the connection is by google'ing up something) and it's really hard to keep them disjoint without special effort. It's easy to find someone's Facebook account from LinkedIn name, then google up his blog via e-mail address he shared on Facebook, then google up something else via the nick-name found on that blog, etc. The question always is, if someone cares to do that. Right, I see how it makes sense in terms of filtering relevant information. Thanks. Thanks for sharing the problem here. I've just signed up and was wondering why I haven't received the e-mail. > People struggling to succeed are all the same. What does "to succeed" mean anyway? I was always wondering, and don't really know to this day. Poor hardware. http://www.stuartcheshire.org/rants/Latency.html This, plus the common wisdom (I hear it repeated all the time) that alcohol kills neurons, leads to interesting conclusions :). If wealth is what people want to give you money for, you should be able to get rich by helping people. > I think computers and the internet are proof enough that math is essential to everyday life. I think that they are not enough. Computers are something you buy, not build. The Internet is something you pay for, like TV, or buses, or school, or whatever. The point is that you, personally, don't need any math knowledge to have and/or use them. Like OP-1 said, we need examples that have a clear use of maths in it. Sometimes I try to convince people I know that math, physics and the stuff is important. But I'm running short of real use-case arguments - not the "you'll get better job" ones. And that's the primary reason I don't even think of using Docs for anything except on-line surveys - I often work offline, and I need local files. One drawback I can think of is that you loose the "permanent paths" to files in some cases. If you start twiddling with relationships between tags, I can imagine how many paths previously stored in software will get broken. I can also imagine 'identity problems'. Not counting symlinks and hardlinks, the full file path serves as its URI. How can I be sure if /photos/europe/DSCN0001.JPG and /photos/london/DSCN0001.JPG are the same files? What's the file URI here? I want to have my tasks off-line, because I don't trust the Cloud, and I know that for 50% of my day (not counting sleep time) I won't have Internet access. I want my data to be accessible in a raw format, so that when I get bored with one application I can easily migrate to another. I want my data to be mine . I personally like Emacs Org Mode and I use Dropbox to synchronise tasks between computer. It's much more powerful than most TODO/GTD apps I've seen, it doesn't really break your workflow (as a developer, I spend a lot of time in Emacs anyway), it just works and I have full power of a decent text editor embedded in it. That means keyboard macros, incremental search, copy-paste, etc. Some TODO apps, especially web ones, end up in rewriting the capabilities of a text editor, without success. Reminds me of Greenspun's 10th Rule, but applied to Emacs instead of Common Lisp. For example, WorkFlowy has this amazing look&feel, it's beautiful, simple, functional, but I get angry as soon as I try to write something, because it lacks lots of the basic components of a Windows 'text field' box and also has weird (Mac?) shortcuts that interfere with my text writing habits (the "typical ones", not the "Emacs ones"). At least that was last time I checked (few months ago). Some of them are, and that's why I avoid webapps when I have a decent native alternatives. I often spend more than 50% of my day without Internet connection. Also, I think that small web companies that disappear after a year or two are not that uncommon. I've been using a completely paper-based GTD system for a year or so, mostly because I haven't known any really convenient native app for task management. I switched to Org Mode later, but I don't think there was any paper fault in this - it's just that my GTD schemes always collapse after 6 to 12 months and I have to start from scratch. So then I sometimes switch tools. One disadvantage of paper-based scheme (at least the one I've used) that I know is that it can get noisy when you have lots of tasks finished. It's harder to find an active TODO item between 20 or so crossed out DONEs on a page. You can make yourself a HipsterPDA. Or just have a plain notepad. Having that with yourself is also beneficial for capturing ideas. The only thing that beats paper here, for me, is a one-or-two-clicks voice note recorder in your phone. Or if you go everywhere with a backpack, you can carry a thin paper binder with your task list with you. I've once used to do both binder and HipsterPDA at the same time. //EDIT > I use taskwarrior. It's CL and kicks ass. http://taskwarrior.org I thought by 'CL' you mean 'Common Lisp' and went straight to downloading the application source. It's not Lisp, it's 'Command Line' :(. Anyway, the app looks really nice. For me it was more a matter of personal curiosity, since you don't really see much Lisp applications around. I also find it interesting. "Software as social commentary" - this single expression gives me a lot of though-food to think about. I think this topic should be explored further. Thanks :). I remember one game that did, by mere coincidence, serve as a social commentary - Volcanic Airlines ( http://www.miniclip.com/games/volcanic-airways/en/ ). I believe was released just after April 2010 eruption of Eyjafjallajökull. It got an interesting reception here in Poland. Not long before, the president of Poland along with many other people died in a plane crash. An official funeral was held, and many heads of states from all around the world announced that they will be arriving to Poland. Many of them later canceled their visits because of the ash cloud. However, the president of Georgia, M. Saakaszwili, arrived late, taking the trip through five different countries to get to the funeral. It made a great impression on people in Poland, and one of the effects was that the video game I mentioned before, the "Volcanic Airlines", was circulating around the polish Internet labeled as "Saakaszwili flies to Poland", or something similar. Sounds like a negative feedback loop, it should stabilize at some point. The thing is, it might not stabilize where the person on diet would wish it to. :). I was reading a story by Dukaj - The Cathedral - yesterday, that featured fields of plants that were doing computations :). Agreed. I see lots of people arguing that statistics is a lie, a bad thing, a tool of evil, etc. Statistics is a tool - just like English language. I don't see people condemning English as a tool of evil because you can lie in it. From my (little) experience and reading I've done so far, if I had to sum up what 'agile' is, I'd say: 'feedback'. I'm not surprised that 'waterfall' methodologies fail - they seem to have little to no feedback built in. And for what I remember from Control Theory course, feedback is essential to control a system we don't have full knowledge about. I do believe that it's a more general principle than just about differential equations and integration. Invite the Copenhagen Suborbitals guys! :). A beautiful poem. Also, GEB is a great book. The thing I remember was almost always missing in the education process I went through right up to the university was the big picture . A brief summary, a TL;DR, an idea, an answer to questions like "what does it mean?" or "why should I care?". My experience with education is that for most of the time, we are being taught 'the form', not 'the contents'. It was after I've watched SICP video lectures that I finally understood many computer science concepts that I was being taught (read: forced to memorize for the exam) at university and even in high school. I strongly believe in what Einstein said: "If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough." If Khan can summarize almost entire XX century into a 15-minute talk while staying correct with the facts, then that's great. It's what we call a 'high level overview'. It might be not sufficient, but it's a good start, as it constructs a skeleton which makes the details stick easier in our brains. It's not about "you understand" xor "you don't understand". It's about level of detail. The idea of 'overview' I have in mind is similar to how mipmapping and LOD works in video games/computer graphics. For example. Also during dinners at family table, chit-chats, watching TV news, reading newspapers, magazines, visiting museums, etc. Thanks for the link to "Cornell notes". I don't think we should assume that learner has any responsibility in educational process - at least not when talking about kids. Keep in mind that from their perspective it looks more like them being locked up in classroom against his will, and it's only up to school to try not to kill his interest in the world around him. I agree that if a learner cares enough to actually think about what was told on the lecture - to come up with his own understanding, to summarize on his own, etc. he will benefit greatly. One can't really understand anything without doing some mental work on his own. If we talk about mature learners, than yes - they have a big responsibility in the educational process and they take it (sometimes in spite, not because of their tutor). But still, we can help them by conveying our ideas well. And it is especially important when dealing with children, as they don't give a damn about anything until proven interesting. It's actually quite understandable. Because, well, why should they care? > Nope, shitty hardware never works. Linux just hides that from you less than Windows. And that's the thing that Windows actually gets right. A typical user doesn't know nor care about OS-hardware compatibility. He/she buys a printer and wants it to work. It is up to OS to make this happen. Technical question: you want to emphasize the em-ed text or the plain text? I'm not sure, because it seems to me that the text you left unformatted is more relevant in this context that em-ed one. Edit: thx :). Until you find laws that can be formulated in your formal system, but cannot be proven - say hello to Gödel incompleteness theorems :). (also, I love when discussions go meta :)) Worst case O(\inf), it's known as 'random sort' or 'bogosort'. Funny thing, it can theoretically be O(1) on quantum computers, assuming the multiple-universe interpretation of quantum mechanics: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bogosort#Quantum_bogosort ;). Reminds me of "ListBox sort" story I heard once; it was about a programmer who, wanting to sort strings and not knowing how to do this, put strings into a hidden ListBox GUI control and then read them back in sorted order. Unfortunately, I've never seen "vote with your wallet" concept work[1], neither in the Internet, nor in real life. When a company misbehaves, there's usually a big group of their customers which doesn't know about it, and another (maybe little smaller) group, that doesn't care at all (or enough[2]). It's an interesting issue I have no idea how to fix... [1] - if you know any examples, I'd be glad to hear them. [2] - "Maybe this company is bad, but hell, the competition is 10 minutes further walking from me...", etc. The link that Dove gave suggests there's an idea of quantum randomization that will split our universe into n! universes in constant time. Thank you for the example. Still, it seems to have taken a lot of convincing of people and companies before it started to work. I have one, but I was thinking about creating a second one for the strong AI I dream to create, after I create it :). Great idea :). Labels on horizontal axis need fixing though (eg. 6-10, not 6). Maybe it's about filters that create a bubble of Internet space for you, that contain only the things you like and nothing else? I think the image they use as a logo and used on TED talk is a pretty good visual analogy. Well, in the TED talk there was example of two queries about Egypt made at the same time from different locations, and the first results page from one was completely missing information about unrests that were going on at that time. It's a little bit scary to me. It seems to be a common mistake that non-native speakers make. For instance, I myself have just recently learned (thank you HN!) the difference between i.e. and e.g. (somehow I always thought that i.e. == for example ), and since then corrected some friends in that matter. > Cheap lenses (like most cellphones) have low apertures, and don't really need to focus. Some companies seem to follow this idea and then, surprise surprise, barcode scanning app doesn't really work on my phone because someone decided not to install AF with the camera :/. Combine it with 3D glasses and maybe, just maybe, 3D movies will become bearable to watch. > This is what you get when you act ignorant or plain lazy. Or, in general case[1], when 'industry standard' tools are PITA to use. Simpler solutions are always preferred, for better or worse. [1] I'm not defending here the person that caused the SoSasta breach. EDIT: Formatting. Regarding comments about Web IDEs replacing Emacs, I don't see how this could happen with current editing capabilities of those IDEs. While they might be better at storing your sources safely, their editing capabilities just suck compared to Emacs or Vim. Working with code isn't only about entering text. "I find it depressing that your comment was down-voted by at least two people — two people who, by virtue of their karma, are supposed to somehow have an understanding of what a productive comment is and what it isn't." Am I missing something, or how can one possibly see a list of downvoters for a given comment? Thanks :). I've (mistakenly) assumed that you need to see the list of downvoters to make a statement such as edw's, whereas I now see how, having information you and edw provided, you can just infer this statement. A lesson to learn for me here :). Deleted :(. "Are you taking advantage of living in the era of infinite computing power? Have you set aside fixations with low-level performance? Have you put your own productivity ahead of vague concerns with optimization?" Many people do, and here I am, with a crappy Android phone I wish I hadn't got. A phone that can hang up for a minute or two when you want to access your text messages. Posting a Facebook update takes 10 minutes. Everything is unreliable and can crash for random reasons. My old, very low-level SE K800i had a much better user experience. Maybe computing power is infinite, if your application lives alone on your computer. And you'll also use up much more processing power to render CSS icons than to render a plain PNG ;). Indeed it is. Data point: until this discussion I too believed that capacitive buttons are much more expensive and much more "high-tech" than physical buttons. Probably he/she isn't. I personally don't upvote comments that I do not understand. Wow. That looks legitimate. we are requiring every Jobs account holder to change their password within the next 48 hours. Failure to change your password will result in your account being permanently locked out. That's the bit that got me thinking, but more on the lines of "WTF?!" than recognizing this as a phishing attempt. We're getting uncomfortably close to the 'meta' threshold of those ideas... Seeing that I am thinking more and more about creating a personal "never ever work with those people/companies" database... I like this idea. Could be useful when doing some fuzzy computations. EDIT According to the comment by walrus down the thread ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2741580 ), we should upgrade this system to use three numbers :). They did it! Congratulations to Atlantis crew, NASA, and everyone involved. Maybe the Space Shuttle program wasn't exactly cost-effective and had it failures, but it sure sparked imagination of many, me included. He probably meant "giga". Things like kUSD or M$ appear to have come from science - it's putting an SI prefix to a unit. Personally, when I write M$, I mean one megadollar, not 1 milion dollars. You don't write M$ or G$ to general public at all. In this case it is, but it isn't in others (like kUSD or G$). Oh, I always thought that you write a numeral before the dollar sign... Thanks for pointing that out. It differs between currencies - for example, british pounds are written before numeral (£42), but polish złoty are written after (42zł). "sounds good" might be a part of a product "being good". I believe humans care not only about practical aspects, but emotions and broadly understood "user experience" as well - no matter how hard they try not to admit that. Last week I was visiting an optician to get a new pair of glasses and I was thinking if some of the measurements he made could be made with smartphones instead of expensive equipment. I'm happy to see that this is indeed possible and is already happening. It's always great to hear about such inventions that can make people's lives life better. Same here, in UK :(. I hate the idea of restricting media content to geographical regions. You're very right and I tend to do the same things as you described. I guess the only effective solution is to trust the knowledge one learns from authorities and stay vigilant to spot when things stop making sense or start breaking down. It is then, when it's possible to find who in this ladder of authorities was wrong, and know how to correct the error. I love when Google does things like that. There's an unique opportunity today to leverage modern technology to actually help people in their troubles. It might be a way of marketing, but whatever popularity they gain by it, I believe it's deserved. b) Unless it's subconscious, I disagree. I procrastinated my way through the high school and at this age I had zero fear for my life or competition with anybody. Things do change when one gets older, but at that point I didn't cared about being outcompeted by others (actually, right now, I don't really care that much either). c) Sometimes forcing us to focus on a single task is beneficial. Multitasking is usually bad for productivity, at least from what I've seen so far both in my life and on discussions at HN. > the kind that’s telling you that what you’re supposed to be doing has, deep down, no real point . I feel this description feels much closer to my problems with procrastination than the idea from the article. There's something in that concept. I sometimes don't do things people request immediately, knowing that they most likely don't really need it. Then either they repeat the request (forcing the computation ;)) or (more often) realize it was superfluous. http://hcpoca.co.uk/images/House-boat-on-River-Murray.jpg - On Windows: the Appearance panel now includes a checkbox to allow the selection of non-fixed-width fonts(...) Thanks to Randall Munroe for a serious suggestion that inspired this. This Randall Munroe? I guess the word "serious" is not by accident there :D. Because it is fun, thought-provoking a little bit, and just made me smile :). It doesn't have to be a fancy CSS hack. It has to look nice. And it does. Simplest solutions are often good enough :). Just pointed my boss - "Use this if something goes wrong". ;). EDIT: And she replied that "everything is now OK" :). Yey, it works! I don't see a problem with that. It's completely unobtrusive and doesn't distract at all. I spotted it by accident. I don't thing they're raising money, they're just allowing people who want to to show appreciation for their work. I believe in creative thoughts which not harm, but which do something good, even if it's just making someone smile. And I definitely want them to flourish. Art is, of course, one of the types of those creative thoughts. Story behind this song is amazing and inspiring. Thank you for linking to that :). While I think that the video would use a change in voice-over (something more clear and more emotional), there was something touching that moved me near the end and made me think about people and simple, day-to-day life. Maybe it's the sountrack. Anyway, well done :). You're not the only one. I don't really like web applications too. It is irrational of me, but I really feel better about desktop, on-line software. I think I don't really trust "the Internet" and "the Cloud", and would like my computer to be usable even after the whole networking infrastructure burns down. Yes, you have. That's why I said it's a bit irrational for me. I can't shake off the feeling that the whole Internet will go down one day, even though it's more likely that a car will hit me twice before. Maybe it's because I'm looking for solutions that will last for long years, not the apps that I have to change every three or so months. I guess this is not possible nowdays. Just got my mind blown for the rest of the day... Anyway, I'm reading it over and over again, and I'm still not sure if I understand this well. Can someone confirm that, and elaborate on that a little bit? And I also didn't realize that we've gone so far with "traditional" cloaking devices. I thought we're still at microwave and near-infrared level. EDIT. Abstract of the original paper makes this a little bit easier to understand for me. EDIT 2. And here we have: - http://www.technologyreview.com/blog/arxiv/23519/ - illusion cloak - http://arxivblog.com/?p=698 - cloaking at a distance http://arxiv.org/PS_cache/arxiv/pdf/1107/1107.2062v1.pdf - link to the original paper. Our imagination expands as our possibilities become greater. Also, there is the 3rd Clarke's law, "Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic". Sci-fi can easily get into the realm of fantasy (I've already seen a scientifically explained napalm-breathing dragons in 21st century Earth on TV) and vice versa (I've read a story about designing and building spaceships by stacking many layers of different magic onto a wooden ark). The really interesting thing that sci-fi can give us is this: assume that in described world, a selected type of "magic" is possible (handwaving it into a scientificly-sound concept for the sake of the reading experience) and extrapolate the consequences. What can be done with it, and - more important - how will people behave, how will it transform the society. Orson Scott Card did something like this with the Internet in "Ender's Game". I liked Vernor Vinge's "A Fire Upon a Deep". This book is a goldmine of interesting concepts about alien species and their civilisations, completely different from "standard TV aliens". Also "The Trigger" by Arthur C. Clarke - it's a book about how an accidental discovery causes technological change, which transforms life of societies around the world. One of the best books I've ever read. I just finished reading the article via Instapaper on my Kindle. It's much nicer this way (sans photos). Similar problem here - eg. I once almost failed a course because I decided that writing a computer game for a Lisp competition is much more fun. I get A's in courses I care about, which is a suprising minority, and learn some of the rest while procrastinating, in completely different order than university would like. We might. Physicists were sure they know everything there is to know at least two times during the last two centuries. Sometimes (not necessarily in this case) #1 on HN. Being noticed in the right place at a right time may proove to be much better for one's life than a quick money boost. Which is sad, because in this case we have a security vulnerability and a bug at the same time, so how one expresses that in a web search depends only on one's current mindframe and set of associations. Eg. when I hear "Google security" I imagine guys with guns, not a place for bug reports. I think they would have said about it already ;). It's not overengineering, it's greenspuning[1] around the expressiveness limitations of the langage to make the code flexible. [1] - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greenspuns_Tenth_Rule This article has just brought back to life my child faith that space hides lots of amaing surprises for us. Thank you :). Nice one :). Good tool to add a little randomness into life - several months is enough time to forget about all the messages one sent to one's friends. And then, one day, somebody gets the message and replies... :). I do visit 'new' section to see if there's something worthwhile and upvote accordingly, but only if I'm procrastinating so badly that I've read everything even remotely interesting on the main page and started to see submissions I've read two days before. > "It’s a lot like an English essay. You start with a prompt, and then you talk about the prompt for a few pages and at the end of it all you wrqite your conclusion and you realize that the entire essay has nothing to do with the prompt." > I have never had this happen. Me neither, but it's because when I was writing school "essays" I had the conclusion in my head from the very beginning and I navigated it to a predetermined goal. It works for school tasks, but it's really missing the point of an essay (as pg nicely wrote about in http://paulgraham.com/essay.html ). I agree wholeheartedly. I'm always happy when I see people who care about the value they provide, and not only about the money they get. For those people I'm happily overgenerous with my money and time. What sci-fi are they might be referring to? I don't remember seeing transparent batteries on Star Trek... The author should rewrite it as a Crab Canon. I expected to see Economic Wars soon[1], but so far it seems we're getting Patent War. Anyway, is getting interesting. [1] - yes, I've just read "Black Oceans" by Dukaj ;). > several channels used at once such as visual audio increases info percentage retained more so when skills re-used I'm not sure if you're refering here to the so-called "cone of learning" ("we remember 10% of what we read, 20% of what we hear, ..."), but if so, then from what I know this idea was debunked; it turns out to be a multiple-level iterative misinterpretation of a research paper on a completely different topic. I wrote about it some time ago; sorry for Google Translate, but I currently blog in Polish only: http://translate.google.com/translate?js=n&prev=_t&h... //EDIT: More details: http://www.willatworklearning.com/2006/05/people_remember.ht... Oh. My. God. I really believed they're doing their best to help EJ. I trusted in that. Yes, I liked AirBNB to the point of talking about it with friends and pretty much advertising it all around as a great idea and a great company - just because I liked them. They looked trustworthy and like a really nice company. If what EJ wrote is accurate[1], then I find the way they handle this situation outraging. It hurts my feelings and right now completely destroyed my trust in AirBNB. If they won't fix it soon and start behaving like a real human beings, theny I'm no longer caring about them, and will advice my friends against them. [1] - I try to not jump into conclusions too fast. Hmm? http://ejroundtheworld.blogspot.com/2011/07/airbnb-nightmare... (Discussion: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2820615 ) I do. That's the old story. They haven't seen yet the newest post. When they will have, all hell will break loose for AirBNB. Because it's obviously stupid and it has been proven many, many times that the result is exactly the opposite of intended. See: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Streisand_effect . > Please tell me who she owes this responsibility to? To the people, if she cares about public opinion. > That is because people will align with your story and your interests if they consider you to be the party that is speaking the truth. This summarizes it all. Quoting from comment thread at TPB: "hey, I was just looking at file 23223140 003.pdf and it looks like someone is getting WAY over billed on the materials. is it just me or are they charging $500 for a $30 wrench?" I personally didn't know that such technology exists. Thank you for that comment. Offline capability is a great feature. The main reason I tend to not use web applications and prefer desktop ones is because webapps usually require having Internet connection available all the time. Also, looks really nice :). HackerNews is written in Lisp, not PHP. :). Not exactly. But really worth to learn and will help you program in PHP better :). This is HTML, and yet this is Lisp. That's an example of Lisp powers in use. Nothing about recursion? :(. "Gödel, Escher, Bach" has some nice stories about it. But the problem is that this feedback turns into a 'grade-based economy', where your value in the eyes of peers and parents becomes determined by the grades you get. Another anecdote: instead of doing math homeworks and paying 100% attention to the classes I started to learn programming, because I wanted to make games. I could program stuff at 13, and - thought having bad math grades ever since - learned the material I missed later, in a way that was more/less related to game development or my other needs. Reminds me of: "The middle of every successful project looks like a disaster." – Rosabeth Moss Cantor You don't have to look too hard for a real-life example of this scenario. Just look at what happened in Libya and other countries affected by the Arab Uprising - how military behaved in different countries. They're facing this dilemma right now. > do you expect an iPhone blog to give glorious reviews to an Android phone? Yes. I tend to hold bloggers to higher standards than traditional media. If they write something, I expect it to be true to the best of their knowledge. I stop reading and recommending those who fail to keep up. And that's why I ignore traditional media, and TV in particular. It's sad though, that people no longer seem to expect truth in media. But if we should assume that everything in newspapers/TV news is a bunch of smaller and bigger lies, then why do people bother watching the news? I have no way to check it, but I think that they just delayed delivery of this product on purpose because of the riots. Having seen their previous releases, for me this doesn't sound like Anonymous. I might be wrong, but it smells like faked for me. No, you aren't. It didn't "sound like Anonymous" for me, having watched their previous releases on other AnonOps campaings. I read it this way too, and immediately added it to my TODO list. It's important to get reminded occasionally to keep a healthy distance to yourself. Thanks for accidentally sharing a good idea :). It doesn't work. I have a 2m x 1m whiteboard in my room that sometimes gets littered with reminders about stuff. I've quickly learned to ignore it completely. I often end up rewriting those reminders closer together in a corner, when I need to free up some whiteboard space to do self-brainstorming or design something. Yeah, I've been dreaming about too for some time. It's one of my motivations to learn information design - in hope that one day I'll put a big dashboard on the wall that will update TODOs and graph data I want to track and get feedback on (like my spendings). I personally can't concentrate in any kind of open-space office. When I need to focus, the very feeling of other people being present is a huge distraction to me. It was true since early childhood - I couldn't do homework or learn anything at home if I wasn't alone in a room with doors closed. I don't really know how to explain it. Yeah, I also think that I'd produce a lot more value if allowed to work in different conditions... Also, I often find myself in a free conference room with a whiteboard, or in a park outside with paper and pencil, and do my thinking there. I'm having a hard time thinking near computers, and it's three orders of magnitude more difficult if there are co-workers nearby. White noise hurt my ears, but I found pink noise working great and not disturbing. I could listen to it for an hour; at one point my imagination starts treating it as a sound of sea waves on a beach. I remember an art teacher who demonstrated me that we actually don't like symmetry in faces - he shown us a picture of a woman face composed of one half, and its mirror image. This face was completely symmetric (vertically), but didn't feel quite "right". You are right, of course. I was just providing a data point. You might be a different person if you steal for poor family and not for a ferrari, but not in the way I think you're implying. You would use the money differently, but still you would be a thief. Also, this behaviour doesn't scale. If everyone was allowed to steal bread because he/she is hungry, the whole trading system would probably collapse and make everyone hungry. It seems that experiment is live and running: http://www.facebook.com/Craigscup http://www.facebook.com/dccupofjoe http://www.facebook.com/notes/paying-it-forward/paying-it-fo... It's so wonderful that people picked the idea up! Another interesting result of Jonathan's social experiment! :). pg has an interesting essay on the subject: http://www.paulgraham.com/good.html Yeah, that's what I was taught in school, on biology lessons - trees competing for sunlight. Wow. That actually resonates with me much better than anything I've read on procrastination so far. I am burning lot of my mental cycles on thinking about my own procrastination, and it crossed my mind that when I start to do things that I'm (in broad sense) forced to - by my boss, lecturer or even myself, I feel like loosing some kind of self-awareness, control of my life... I never pin-pointed the feeling exactly, but it resonates closely with what you wrote. Also, I'm so used to my personal GTD-like productivity management methods that I sometimes feel I'm not able to think or work without using pen & paper or Emacs for organizing my thoughts. Now, the thing I'm worried about is that it doesn't really feel like I have 'boosted my cognitive skills' or whatever - it feels like I'm so handicaped that I can't think without help of external tools. I look around and see people (that look) smarter and more successful than me, and they don't seem to be using any productivity tricks at all. Maybe it's [something]-bias [1], but it gets me really worried. Anyone on HN felt something similar? [1] - need to catch up with LessWrong on that ;). Thanks! That's what I was looking for :). I'll second janjan's comment. I can completely believe that you can get through a degree being a total procrastinator. Somehow during the course of my university I've perfected my skills of presenting projects. I recently realized that I can get even a totally half-baked, barely working project to get a good grade, just by talking and spending an hour more on design than everybody else[1]. It wasn't until recently that my friend pointed out that I've learned to subconsciously depend on this and thus not working hard on anything. Also, I find doing presentations, talking, doing design touches, or implementing weird things (like animations in MATLAB[2]) - pretty much anything except what I'm supposed to be doing at the moment - much more pleasant, much more fun. And I see that you can get far this way at university... [1] - it's not about faking things, etc. - it's that people really underestimate how much depends on the general 'look and feel' of software, and the way it's presented. [2] - did you know that MATLAB plot can give you stable 60FPS? ;) Common Lisp. Because, why not? ;). Little off-topic, but there's a thing that comes to my mind every time that I see articles and discussions about things going very bad for people somewhere in China, or things going very good for people somewhere else in China: We're talking about country that has two times more people than the whole Europe combined. In such a big population, pretty much everything will happen. There will be places with riots, and at the same time there will be thriving cities and happy citizens somewhere else. I think that on this scale, it's much more easier to have a selection bias (and our wonderful, always-telling-the-truth traditional media aren't exactly helping). While I'm not defending Cisco here (I don't like them anyway ;)) and not denying that there is lots of human rights abuse going on in China, I think it's worth bearing in mind that China might not be a everything-is-bad-everywhere-for-everyone country. Maybe not, but collateral damage caused by handling it in a wrong way may be worth few orders of magnitude more. It's important to look at the "In programming languages" section - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_ball_of_mud#In_programming_... - because there, 'big ball of mud' means something else that one would think at a first glance, and the quoted statement does not use 'big ball of mud' as a negative description; it refers to its malleability. Wow, it's already a year? Time goes so fast I haven't noticed... I remember the HN discussions about this proof like they would happen last month. First 1D game that I actually enjoyed playing :). It matters because tap water doesn't generate plastic waste (created by wasting oil). No, it doesn't, I have prior art growing in my pot. ;). Also, (at least where I'm from) there's an expectation that as an undergraduate, you'll address professors using proper tone. This way, you end up writing lots of "I'd like to ask (...)", ", "is it possible for me to", etc. The writing gets full of fixed-phrases with lots of "I" and "me" - the author's "I-word salad". And academics I know tend to reply directly, without any formally required style of writing, so their communcation is more natural. A lot of comments mention tracking the sun. I'd like to remind everyone about SolarFlower.org - the open source solar collector with a clever, non-electronic sun tracking system. See http://www.solarflower.org/faq.htm . SolarFlower.org - the open source solar collector - has a non-electronic sun tracking system that I think might be more efficient than PV-powered tracking. See http://www.solarflower.org/faq.htm . Thank you :). I'm happy you like it :). Probably. It would also be good if there was a visual indicator of how much text is visible in the buffer relative to buffer size (like sml-modeline does). However, this mode is Nyan Cat first, visual help second. :). A small usability note - I looked at the page, seeing no way to do anything with it, I reloaded it ("So little text, so much votes on HN - there must be something there!"), and then - still not knowing what it is - accidentally clicked on the page, which moved me to the next slide... There is no hint there that it's a presentation and you can move forward by clicking on it. Well, it doesn't help me. I mean, why I'm even reading this? I should be working right now... Jokes aside, I find that reading stuff on the Internet often makes me unable to work at all - the harder problem I have to solve, the more I want to look for something interesting on the 3rd page of HN. But it's the usual procrastination stuff, covered many times on HN. My God, I actually installed a Twitter client for Emacs today while procrastinating... So far I found out that procrastination brings me some benefits, namely: - I have a better high-level overview of software development - this way I can keep in my head lots of things that I wouldn't usually think about. - I have lots of ideas on how to solve everyone's problems :). This is actually very important for me, as my relationship with some of my friends looks like this: they come with a problem, and I throw solutions at them until one sticks, and we're all happy. - I have lots of ideas for hobby projects that I usually don't have time to pursue :( (e.g. idea for nyan-mode was a result of procrastination and office jokes). However, all those benefits come at the cost of me not doing things I'm supposed to be doing at the moment. When I encounter a hard-but-not-too-hard problem at work, I might procrastinate for a minute or two, but then I sit down with a piece of paper and just solve it. However, if the problem is really hard for me, procrastination becomes a way to escape from it; I might read HN indefinetly and I still wouldn't solve it. Not to mention that there's a threshold point, after which every minute spent on procrastination makes me more tired. It is frequent in some applications, and when programming in languages that encourage you to recur instead of looping (see: functional proramming). Also, recursion is one of the most important concepts of computer science. I didn't really use recursion in my programming until I switched from C++ to Common Lisp. #+begin_src lisp (defun botsbuildbots () (botsbuildbots)) #+end_src Try moving your point to (defun... and pressing >. It should work with org-mode bundled in Emacs 23; if not, you can get the newest version from http://orgmode.org . With org-babel enabled, you can actually run this code, or use it in literate-programming style to write programs. Reminds me of Cory Doctorow's "Down and Out in the Magic Kingdom" - people who didn't want to 'back up' and 'restore' themselves simply died, and those who wanted to remained. Another thing - does this tool looks like anything that can be used for hacking? Even Hollywood does a better job at showing 'hacking scenes'... For me, that's +1 on my fake-news detector. > If you are a doctor, or a lawyer, or a freakin' sales guy, people will listen to your stories, at least for a while. On the other hand, if you are a programmer and even start to talk about what you do for a living, people's eyes will glaze in boredom instantly. What saddens me is that it happens inside the industry too. Too many times I have seen and talked to programmers who seem to consider themselves 'glorified janitors'. If you mention anything science/tech/IT-related outside of 09:00-17:00 period, you'll get shunned for being a geek. I say, WTF? I respect people who came to programming 'for the money' rather than because of being interested, however I consider disrespectfully discarding science/tech/IT stories while being too happy to discuss tourism, sports and cooking as a sign of mental limitation and general lack of respect to other people. So, in tl; dr: engineers tend to have aversion to bullshit - the one that tends to fill upper-management and business circles. I understand your sentiments - I personally don't see myself as ever joining upper management - in my life I want to do good, worthwhile things. If the best way to accomplish something will be to manage a team, then fine. But no crap, straight to the point. It's the one reason I find startups more and more appealing. Until last year I was a programmer of pure heart, that would despise perspective of working 09:00-17:00 as a programmer, and then go home and 'have a life'. Programming for me was, and still is, a creative art and a tool to solve problems worth solving. However, since then I started working and actually earning money for my expenses, instead of relying on parents, and this pretty much shifted my perspective. You need to take money from somewhere if you want to eat (and support people both above and below you on the family tree). Also, it's really hard to find a job that would be perfectly aligned with your dreams/goals - that actually hurted the most. I understand now that people have different priorities, and life is not so simple, and people tend not to have everything 'figured out'. While I still strive to find a way to give value to human society to the best of my abilities, and don't want to end in a corporate 0900-1700 job and make money for the sake of making money, I understand and respect people who chose differently. I believe, that there are other interesting things I might learn from them. However, I expect the same respect from them, that I give to them . Otherwise, we have nothing to talk about. http://www.spaceflightnow.com/station/exp28/110824prog44p/ -- another take on the topic. "Russian space agency says a problem with the upper stage propulsion system caused a premature shutdown and the vehicle's catastrophic failure." I love the euphemisms that space industry uses, when they mean "the rocket exploded" (or, in this case, turned back and fallen). The most epic one is "lithobraking" :). Also, sad news. > I hate to be that guy (...) Still, it's good you are. It's not a discussion board, people talking about tangential issues are (IMO) one of the best things you can see on HN. Also, I tend to think that 'software engineering' is the least engineering-like of all engineering disciplines. I used PowerPoint for prototyping UIs and designs for HTML letters. It's quite handy tool for the task. The nice thing is that you can just throw shapes onto a slide and then when you run the slideshow, you get a full-screen version of your graphics, cropped to the slide boundaries. Simplifies a lot of stuff for me. I think that learning to do mental computations vs. relying on technology is a trade-off. As hermannj314 pointed out [1], there's an issue whether memorizing multiplication tables/trigonometric tables is a matter of fundamentals, or it's just how we used to live before calculators to be able to compute anything. Well, I think it's both in some sense. Human brain is good at some things (pattern matching, quick look-up, aka. intuition), and terribly bad at others (computation, explicitly running algorithms). I do believe that we should augment our mental skill whenever possible - we're already thinking using our environment [2], so unless one rejects pen and paper, or even looking at things around him/her, one is using his environment to increase his mental powers. So why stop at handwriting? Why not use slide rules, calculators and Google? There's the other side of the trade-off though. Learning tables with numbers, or multiplication tricks, or doing lots of exercises with plotting functions by hand is the way we leverage the power of our brains. Our minds seem to be good at caching stuff and quickly looking things up, so the more such mental tools we incorporate, the more power we can get of our thought process. In a very simplifying way: Our cognitive powers = internal 'skills' in thinking * external tools we have. The best strategy is to properly invest on both sides of the multiplication. Boosting only one side is suboptimal. [1] - http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2924937 [2] - http://consc.net/papers/extended.html Therefore, sky is forever. Respect to a human being in general? I try to give it by default, unless someone works really hard to loose it. Maybe you're right about that, phrasing it as 'suspension of judgement' is more accurate. I used to treat 'programming just for money' as disrespectful; now I assign to it the default value of respect I assign to everything else that I don't give special considerations. Poe's law? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poe%27s_law "The second is the discovery that attempts to make your reasoning explicit and verbal usually result in worse choices. This includes that favorite of guidance counselors: to write out a list of the pros and cons of all your choices - but it covers any attempt to explain choices in words." Then what should we do? :( Article says that making things explicit is bad, but on many occasions I read that making them not explicit is also bad - because mind is a convoluted mess and dumping things from head to paper helps see everything more clearly and consider more details, freeing up mental resources for more ideas to come. That's both Creativity and GTD 101. Am I missing something here? Fair enough; after thinking about it for a moment I realized that I probably mixed explicit reasoning with dumping information out of my head. But still, does that mean that explicit cost-benefit analysis is bad? Or, when I'm confused about an issue I need to decide on, if I do a mind-dump of things related to that issue, does that lead to poor decisions? I'm asking, because so far I find it extremely helpful to do a mind dump, when I feel confused. But, as a user, I don't want to engage with a lyrics site anymore than it's required to read/copy the lyrics. Simple information retrieval. Also, as a user I tend to remember which lyrics websites are more spammy than others and avoid them when doing Google search. I guess then it is a challenge to monetize lyrics website, but someone would do a big service to humanity if he/she put lyrics on Wikipedia/Wikibooks-type website. And then go to one of many ugly, spammy websites, looking like sh*t and sometimes with unreliable lyrics. I appreciate an alternative, and I'll be definitely using it from now on. It's great, and I'll definitely be using it! Please add a GET-param based search, e.g. http://songrabbit.com/search?q=sabaton+primo+victoria (BTW., no results :(), so that we could add it to browsers as webjumps/quick searches/however it's called - e.g. so that I could type just: 'l sabaton primo victoria', and the browser would take me to your site :). Interesting research. However, before we try to generalize it to whole schooling system, here's another thing - demos make physics interesting, standard school teaching ways make physics boring as hell. The only reason I cared about it was that I watched too much Star Trek when I was a kid. Most of the people I know got bored by physics in school around age of 15. I decided not to use Groupon just because of the fact that on one point pretty much every advert on the web featured their pink-colored deals for fast foods. I just got really, really annoyed. "People dismiss creative ideas in favor of ideas that are purely practical -- tried and true." What about practical, creative ideas, aka. hacks and lifehacks? Most of the people I know dismiss any 'non-standard' solution unless you actually implement it, and then force them to accept it. If you tell your idea before actually realizing it, there's no way they'll let you. Also reminds me of stories from "Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman!" - it seems that Feynman experienced this first-hand as a child, when trying to optimize some kitchen chores (one of the solutions is now sold in stores, and nobody objects it now...). Just like you get a MRI, not an NMR imaging - I read in few places that it got renamed to get rid of the "Nuclear" word, because it scared people. Maybe they should put an announcement on their own websites, and pg will update the site accordingly? I understand it as "we will not fire at you unless fired upon". I wish they stop making traditional tablets and focus on e-ink displays. Or at least don't confuse names. While I like 'socializing', I'd qualify it more as a distraction - the 'reading Hacker News' type of distraction - that takes your mind off the problems. It usually doesn't solve much, but makes you happier for a while. When I feel stuck I get a notepad or a piece of A3-sized paper, a pencil or a pen and start a "brainstorm" session with myself. I dump my thoughts on the topic, play around with them, trying to identify solutions for each subproblem until my feelings of confusion go away. Then I just rewrite those 'solutions' I identified as TODOs in my Org-Mode list. The habit of fighting confusion with pen and paper is for me one of the biggest productivity boosters I've ever learned. Also, I don't like to do this kind of "brainstorming" on computer - hardware&software are too limiting, both in input and spatial presentation. Free-form noting FTW ;). I imagine it as the moment when the line turns back in time :). I think I didn't expressed exactly what I meant, so to respond to all comments under the parent post: I do love spending time with people. I'd say, I like to do it too much sometimes. However, I also found it to be a super-effective way of escaping from harder problems, not only my-job-sucks related, but general my-life-sucks related. What I meant to say in previous comment is that (for me) it has similar 'signature' as escaping problems by reading / discussing on HN. It's not a waste of time, but I know for myself that I could spend here much more time that I should. Ditto for socializing. Sometimes you actually want to solve your problems instead of complaining about them to other people. > As a child, when asked what I wanted to be when I grew up, I always answered that I wanted to kill bugs. You should have joined the Mobile Infantry. They're doing their part in killing bugs. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x7-PQIuWwLo (yes, when people mention killing bugs, I do Starship Troopers jokes ;)). Comrades? ^^. An interesting take on the subject by pg: http://www.paulgraham.com/good.html "That was a surprising realization. Companies often claim to be benevolent, but it was surprising to realize there were purely benevolent projects that had to be embodied as companies to work." There's ton of crap in search results for STOP codes already. It's a good analogy, IMO. You don't want to start a garden of those ideas, you want to throw them out of your head, dump somewhere where they won't disturb you and someone else may just take them. Lokpal bill in India. There was a big discussion about it recently on Hacker News[1]. It's an anti-corruption bill. See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jan_Lokpal_Bill for details. Also, I thought that in India people code in Java, not in C ;). EDIT: [1] - http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2931598 I agree, a mention that it's a PDF would be welcome. PDFs and browsers don't go well with each other (at least on my machines). I'm currently living in Oxford and can say first-hand that bus clustering is a real phenomenon. It happens here all the time, and also I can relate it to my hometown (Kraków, Poland), where this almost never happens. In Poland most of the buses have many doors and passengers board and leave vehicles quickly. In Oxford, boarding through front doors means that the first bus may stay on the bus stop for several minutes. This photo looks like it's about to be converted to an internet meme. I did draw an AK-47 instead. You know the rule: those who live by the sword will be shot by those who don't. My sincere and deepest condolences, Ed. Thank you for sharing this. > Eg: A pointer amounts to an int. Is there a reason why this analogy is invalid? I found it to be quite useful in using, understanding and explaining C pointers. So? And still, you can group friends into lists and share selectively. Just like Circles in Google+. No, I don't, and I'm OK with that. And I'm OK with other people not doing that too. I don't mind sharing what I put on Facebook, and I like reading what my (Facebook) friends are doing. So I personally don't mind those changes, at all. I understand though that many (most? - given the comments under Facebook-related stories) people are not so OK with that. http://xkcd.com/812/ - relevant xkcd. IS META http://xkcd.com/917/ Computer games are what dragged me into programming in the first place. Later, Quake II source code, Unreal Tournament headers for native development and UnrealScript taught me lots of valuable lessons about game code design and programming in general. Disabled JavaScript? Relevant xkcd: http://xkcd.com/917/ The bait has nothing to do with the need for blood. It's a food source they need. IANABiologist, so I wonder, what's the chance that this nectar will also kill 'friendly' bugs, like bees? It's interesting how many companies were named after founders. I get the feeling that today it's no longer the case for technology companies. I personally like this in some... aesthetic?... sense. I mean, I like names that mean something more than just who started the company. The new "Land of Lisp" book scares the hell out of normals, not just because it's about Lisp - http://landoflisp.com/ ;). Also, it's a great book. Wow, even when they're easy to buy and use? How is this possible! And there is more, for defining, selecting and implementing ideas: http://creatingminds.org/tools/tools.htm Seems so familiar. I just started to face this problem and I already hate the idea of spending the rest of my life like this. There must be some way out of here... As a little side-point: on HN we often discuss the values of startup life, or various different alternatives to 'day job'. I can understand why many hate the idea of spending most of one's life as a nine-to-five worker doing things one doesn't exactly care about. I hate this idea too. But, if we applied this attitude on the scale of the whole society, would it not collapse? If every shop clerk, Starbucks barista, bus driver, electrician or other professional realized that there must be a better way of working, what would happen? Do we need to force people to have jobs (so that they can eat) for modern civilization to work? Not-much-$ is still better than none-$-at-all. It's not exactly the choice of Spotify vs. buy a CD in shop, it's a choice between Spotify and BitTorrent. Yes, that's exactly what I'm thinking about - 'working on the things meaningful to us' as opposed to 'working on whatever someone will feed us for doing'. AD your BTW: I also know some Baristas who are like the ones you mentioned :). I used to think of it in terms of Star Trek until I (recently, thanks to HN :)) read Cory Doctorow's "Down and Out in the Magic Kingdom" story about Bitchun Society, in which death and energy are not a problem, economy is based on reputation and today's luxuries are theirs basic rights. Interesting book, BTW :). > I know they wanted to present an argument of "oh, all these bad things happen that keep people poor", but I really saw a bunch of small decisions that, when made poorly, accumulate into having no money. I think the latter is much closer to reality, at least for people who are on their way to poverty. Or maybe a mix of both. There are problems that are equally probable to rich and poor, but the former can sometimes just throw money at them until they're gone, and the latter have to deal with them the hard way. > I don't have a Kindle, but from the code this would seem to imply that it supports Ogg Vorbis and FLAC in some capacity. Haven't tried with .ogg and .flac, but new Kindles have capacity to play .mp3 files. It's more of an experiment from on their part, and the player supports only play and pause operations. > Right, but you don't need a publisher to do that. Algorithms are great at it. Not at finding factual mistakes. Still, when user saves a webpage to Instapaper he/she probably wants to see it as it was when it was saved, and not magically updating itself afterwards. So I think that 'exactly this article at exactly this point in time' should qualify as 'content that cannot be recreated'. Relevant xkcd that also perfectly summarizes my personal opinion on the topic: http://xkcd.com/137/ Isn't the assumption that sizeof(int) = platform type in bytes (e.g. 4 for 32-bit and 8 for 64-bit platforms)? I expected int on 64-bit platform to be 8 bytes in size. What about *(x+1) that is equivalent to x[1]? Here, in principle, you do x+1 before applying *. EDIT HN formatting magic. Yes, but in real life our data usually isn't infinitely accurate. > The more we use helium for stupid shit like this, the less helium we'll have in the future for MRIs and anything else that requires super-cooling. While I agree with the rest of your comment, could you explain why do you think that airships are "stupid shit"? I'd say that the insane amount of fuel we use for transportation is a big waste of oil and I really look forward to see airships back in the sky, doing heavy lifting and maybe more. > There's really no economic reason that an Airship should be preferred. What about the fuel usage per unit of mass carried? That's the whole point of technology - we use our knowledge to augment ourselves and fix our weaknesses. Given the date picked (5th of November) I wonder whether it's more about Fox News, or more about that it's 5th of November and they feeling something must be done then that will be worth remembering. Could someone explain to me why people even consider results collected via third-party browser toolbar to be relevant in any way[1]? I mean... I don't remember ever seeing anyone in IT with a browser toolbar, and I remove them on the spot from my non-IT friends' browsers. Call it selection bias, but I think that most of the time someone has a toolbar of this type is when one's IT friends haven't have time to get to ones computer and remove it. [1] - this is a serious question that bothers me; I can't see how this kind of selection gives any kind of representative sample. Meta-haiku? It's a sad problem. I remember I hated math since the first year I went to school, and the only reason I know anything now is that at one point I decided that writing computer games is more interesting than doing math homework - and somehow, magically, math became interesting and worth learning in my free time. (I remember that when I was 16, we took an exam between secondary and high school. After the exam we were exchanging solutions to exam problems; I remember people talking about how they solved one task by using Pythagorean theorem, and me thinking "wtf? What Pythagorean theorem? I used the formula for distance between vectors in 2D space".) So now, many years later, I sometimes work as a tutor and I completely understand when high school students tell me that math is useless and physics is boring. Both subjects are so completely destroyed in school that it's sad too look. I remember conversations about Michelson–Morley experiment, for example. Yes, it is useless and boring when taught in school, to be memorized for upcoming test. But it's much more interesting if one sees it as an important part of a great story - a story of our struggle to understand what the light really is, about two competing theories that were finally unified in a seemingly bizarre way, paving way for crazy science that gave us Internet, iPhones and lolcats. I found it sometimes to be a positive effect. Many times when I felt bad I listened to my favorite touching/sad songs while working - they tend to suck the emotional entropy out of me and help me focus on task at hand, while my emotions get 'aligned' with the song. I disagree. It might be selection bias on my part, but as far as I've seen if someone is able to comprehend a concept like social graph, he's on his way to becoming a nerd. Even being able to handle social relationships on abstract level[1] require insights of mathematical concepts, on the level that is not taught to majority of human population. That's why I dislike all those 'nerds suck at XXX', whether it's about maths, physics or computer nerds. All of those groups are good at maths, which is basically applied thinking, and thus is applicable not only to computers, but to real life as well. So, given a problem and no domain expert around, I'd definitely trust nerd or an engineer more than anyone else. [1] - as in, go meta and talk about things like social graphs, how they evolve, transform, while having a clear model in ones head. > Also, there's an unstated assumption that in order to write software that is useful socially, one has to be very social. This sounds like the arguments people used to have in the mid-90s about whether a program could ever replace a librarian. Well, it didn't -- but it didn't need to. Another example: programmers of Deep Blue didn't have to be good at playing chess. They just had to understand the rules and the concept of search trees. Could it be that + is used by people who just don't know that Google treats it specially? Syntax of Google search is rather not common knowledge among general population. This might be a case especially when searching for books, songs, movies, magazines, etc. with '+' in title. Example queries (random ideas): - 18+ movies - children + fire proverb - 2+3D magazine - C++ - ++ operator Personally I often just copy-paste general things I'm looking for (like song titles) from websites or IM conversations, with whatever characters they happen to be containing. EDIT: There are plenty of queries with + signs in autocompletion hints in Google search - like 18+ clubs, 2+2 forums, 0+ blood type, NaOH+H2SO4, etc. > Maybe it would be better to have people who don't mind it opt-in rather than expecting people to opt-out of something they might not even know they're in. No, because it will render this service useless, as almost no one will know or care about it. Sad truth, but you can't have 'opt-in' for everything if you actually want to accomplish something. > If someone is being stalked they'll disconnect their phone, but who thinks to change their router SSID? No one, given that half of neighborhood networks are probably called 'Linksys', 'TP_Link', or something like that. It's a well made video, actually. I felt moved by it, at least a little bit. I think hackers in tech industry should start making similar videos for our own, arguing against SOPA. For that thing, we indeed do have the technology, and we have the expertise. Or just blacklist all government IP addresses for a day or so. That could bring some attention to the issue. I remember reading about similar technology before at least twice here on HN; it was 'glass in spray' then[1]. It was supposed to be here soon and revolutionize everything. I hope that this time it will actually become available to buy. [1] I think this one: http://www.smartplanet.com/blog/smart-takes/-8216liquid-glas... It doesn't have to be manipulative. Just informative and moving. Truth doesn't have to be manipulative to move people. Update: Here's something for a start (video at the bottom of the article): http://www.forbes.com/sites/jeffbercovici/2011/11/16/silicon... You're right, it is. What I meant is that the tech industry doesn't have to copy the 'manipulativeness' to make a convincing videos against SOPA. AFAIK It's not non-determinism that makes quantum computing efficient, it's the ability to compute on superpositions, which effectively means computing all outcomes at the same time. Source: http://xkcd.com/386/ . Seems like vim is finally getting its own Nyan Mode? ( http://nyan-mode.buildsomethingamazing.com ). While we'll have to see how it works out in practice, I'm happy to see that someone is finally trying to attack this problem in a more systematic, organized way. It's more and more important, as the world we live in becomes increasingly complex. BTW. personally I don't really trust 'educational games' at all, especially the ones that target children. Most of the stuff I've seen is silly and is barely deserving the name 'games'. I believe that it's much better for an educational game to be a game first, and education second, not the other way around. I don't like the attitude of treating education like a pill for a cat, so that we try to trick children into swallowing it. Creativity and effort taken to recreate the same situations on the photos. Personally I found this very interesting, and it certainly 'gratified my intellectual curiosity', so IMO it's on-topic by the rules. Then there are two of us, as I don't ever, ever consider ads even if I'm (rarely) on the Internet to buy something. I mean... since when did we start to trust advertisements? > Most people click on ads. Never met one. > Also it's kind of an antisocial thing to do, depriving free websites of income. Personally, it saddens me that we have to put up with all this electricity-wasting advertising crap in order to have free websites. It seems that one of the most useful tools of humanity needs to look ugly just in order to stay alive. I'd be very happy if we ever find a better solution. That story was about persons' personal relationship with God as determined not by absolute value of material terms, but as a sacrifice from pure heart relative to one's abilities. Just ask that any Christian who actually understands what he reads. > There is some vague background knowledge you can also learn just be making a game fun against a backdrop that kids can pull in via osmosis. I think this concept is heavily underexplored and I'd be happy to see more of this kind of games. I also wonder if anyone tried to embed some learning into gameplay in a more goal-oriented way. I personally had some ideas about what would be an arcade/logical platform game with physics oriented gameplay. The game might ask you to e.g. solve an equation to succeed or reach the goal faster (like, find a right angle for cannon to fire at, so that it knocks down a bonus thing you need, opens a door, etc.). Maybe not force you to do it, just hint towards it while allowing for a more direct solutions - creating an environment in which using maths can help player achieve better in-game results. Real game results, not silly 'multiply this-and-that to get 1000 points'. Game first, education second. I wonder if anyone ever tried that. Well, advertisements are not all equal. I understand the need of companies with valuable products for reaching their potential customers. But it can be done in a win-win way. To give you some more details on how I perceive adverts: - Video/audio advertisements that start playing by themselves = I'll probably add you to my mental black list of people and companies I don't want to do business with (yes, I have one, 'voting by my dollars'. Actually, Groupon is on it, mostly because of annoying ads that were just everywhere I looked.). - Pop-ups and anything that touches the area with content (all those floating or expanding windows), distracting me in an offensive way = I'll most likely remember you as a company not to do business with you as well. Also, I'll start hating the website soon for allowing this type of advertisements. - Simple banners and ads of products that in my belief actually introduce some value - like development tools - I don't really mind them; I might click on then to see what's about with this new product, out of pure curiosity. - AdWords - I don't mind them, they're not intrusive. I might even consider clicking at them if they happen to show something interesting. Also, I can't even express how annoyed I am about the new batch of YouTube adverts - the ones that play before the movie I requested, often stealing half a minute of my time and making me lose interest in the video itself. So yes, AdBlock is fine. It blocks most of the crap. > Does a computer magazine look ugly because of the adverts for Apple in it? Does a car magazine look ugly because of adverts for cars in it? Yes. I read the magazine for the content, not for the ads. I don't mind an ad here and there, but the amount of advertising in magazines now is ridiculously high. Sometimes I'm not sure if just less than 50% of the magazine has some content in it. > Personally, I find advertising useful, and pleasant. I'm certainly not alone. I respect your opinion. While you're definitely not alone in your stance, I do also think that there are much more ad-haters than you believe. Might be a selection bias on my part, but I've never ever seen a person enjoying web ads. > The line between the two is very blurred. For example, a review of a new video card, is really just an advert. Fair enough. However, I feel that this type of ad gives me some concrete, useful and verifiable information to base my choice on (like technical parameters, and problems with use relative to other video cards reviewed in this issue), and not just shiny pictures. This discussion clarified my understanding of ads at least a bit, so next time I'll be more precise in what I mean. There is a subtype of ads, those click-based advertising that clutter websites providing no value whatsoever to the visitor and distracting from enjoying the content. Those I dislike, though I understand that they're somewhat necessary. I value every site which figures out how to stay free without cluttering itself with ads. https://gist.github.com/1379492 - bindings for Conkeror, you can now insert Nyan Cat by pressing "C-z N" in a textfield. ~=[,,_,,]:3 Refer header is not a good way to distinguish between embedded images and images accessed directly by user. AFAIK that header will have the same value both when you load an embedded image and when you click on a direct link to the image. I did a little bit of research about it few years ago; the summary can be seen here: http://temporal.pr0.pl/devblog/2009/09/14/eksperyment-podsum... (pl_PL) http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=pl&tl=en&js... (en_US) Basically, I was able to distinguish between embedded and directly accessed images by analyzing the content of Accept header. It wasn't perfect (it didn't work for Opera), but I think it could be good enough to do something useful with it. You're welcome; I hope you'll find it useful :). I disabled them in my Emacs for the same reason - to force myself to use C-f, C-b, C-p, C-n and related keys instead. One problem with arrow keys is that they're far away from home row, so you need to move your hand quite much to the right to use them, and then back to the left to continue editing. Or maybe a game that allows you to use real-life physics and maths knowledge to your in-game advantage? Like, giving you enough data to compute the angle for a cannon to shoot at, while hinting you very delicately towards what knowledge you need to acquire to do that? One of the biggest problems of maths and science education is that they're useless and boring as hell. Or, at least that's how it looks like from kids' perspective. I think that a first step towards teaching them those skills in an interactive way would be to create an interactive environment where maths (or physics, or chemistry, or biology, or astronomy) could be actually useful . Some way for knowledge to give you in-game advantage, or at least expand your gameplay. A game in which you could actually read where's north from the trees and stars. Etc. Good post; nirvana is referring to the link about equity splits at the beginning of the post. Keyboard shortcuts are awesome[1], though they do tend to interfere with keyboard-based browsers. Right now I use Conkeror, which is Emacs-inspired Mozilla-based browser, and encountered some problems with webpage and browser shortcuts interfering witch each other. Sometimes it's annoying (Twitter, SMBC), sometimes it renders the webpage keyboard shortcuts unusable (&!) [2]. I know that people using keyboard browsers are probably the 0.005% of users and thus not worth optimizing Internet for; however as the keyboard shortcuts become more and more popular among webpages, it might be interesting to talk about how to make them well. Should everyone design their own shortcuts, or are there operations so common across webpages, that it would be better to have universal keyboard shortcuts configured browser-side? [1] - I got addicted to keyboard shortcuts in GMail, they're great! :). [2] - fortunately, all of this is (AFAIK) solvable by writing a major mode for given webpage. I see less and less reasons to return to my university to finish masters right now. I realized this yesterday, after spotting like... 9 awesome-looking courses from Stanford planned for January, which is quite enough for full-time studying... Thanks for the explanation and for pointing to RFC. I somehow managed to survive to this date without knowing any of this. > What's the worst that can happen with such a C&D? Bad press. Lots of bad press. See: http://www.scribtex.com/ http://support.scribtex.com/entries/316451-frequently-asked-... Might be. Personally, I discovered this word some time around last week, via HN. I'm no expert in webdev, but while CSS comments may be useful for maintenance and for new team members, they are also a waste of bandwidth. I'm honestly curious, what HN webdevs do with comments in CSS - do you use them, or not, or maybe have some deployment scripts that strip comments off? Looks great! A nitpick - when I log in via Facebook, my photo gets resized to a square, which looks weird (proportions get distorted). I'm pretty sure other websites tended to maintain proper aspect ratio and just crop a scaled down image to fit into a square. But the new YouTube ads that play before video are unexpected. And, for me, quite often a back button. After 6 seconds of watching the ad I usually don't care about the video anymore :/ (call it short attention span). Some of them. Others you can't, and you have to wait full 30 seconds. Given that what I want to see is usually 3-5 minute long video, it's pretty significant (10-30%) time. > What I'd really like to see is a "real" news website that supplies non-biased news written by real investigative journalists with no advertisements. I'd pay handsomely for that. +1, I'd definitely pay for that. Right now I don't trust news media by definition, and I believe only what I get from articles featured on HN - because I can be sure that when I click on "comments", I'll find it thoroughly analyzed and debunked by people who actually know and care about what they read. > And thirdly the dozen social media buttons on every single page. You mean the "Like" / "+1" / "Tweet" buttons under articles? What's wrong with these? I personally want them to be on websites and I actively seek them after reading an article, because clicking on two or three buttons is so much easier and less distracting than having to copy the URL and paste it into every social website I use. > Just wanted to point out this was not a personal attack. I was just trying to raise awareness that not everyone has the same interests. Don't worry, it didn't sound like one :). Thanks for explaining your point of view. I just realized I didn't really stop and think about people who, like you, don't like Facebook et al. Personally, I think I'd be happy to use a browser plugin or whatever, just like I use e.g. Instapaper. Hell, in browser like Conkeror it would be even more convenient (for Instapaper I now just press "C-x i", it's even easier than pressing a button on the address bar). If you mean those rituals to filter out the unmotivated, then, in fact, it does. Yeah, thanks for that comment... it wasted me some money and sleep time ;). I actually went there, and somehow in 2h I filled in ~80% of my profile data, uploaded some photos and paid for additional features. Not that I was fighting with myself, or something, but those tactics do work. They seem well optimized, attracting one to act without being too annoying. Because it's about personal ethics. Simple as that. The fact that companies, or someone else, are not acting in accordance to ethics should not influence anyone's decision in that matter. If one wants to be a honest person, one should be that person regardless of what everyone else is doing. Maybe some additional text under each permission requested, describing what the app needs it for, e.g.: - "Post to Facebook as me" - we need that to upload your photos created by XYZ. We will not post status updates on your behalf. - "Access my data all the time" - we use that to... etc. I'd personally like to see more developers open about what they're using given permission for. I'm willing to trust them, just if they're a little more transparent. It worked like that with J2ME on old phones and I HATED it. Some apps asked me for permission to use the camera every time I took the first (since last restart) photo with it. It's annoying and breaks the flow in whatever you're doing at the moment. I much prefer being asked once, and approving for good. Nice! Will definitely come in handy :). Don't forget to add Model Thinking to the list! Except that syncing anything to Android phones is broken beyond repair (try syncing an repetitive task with hours specified, e.g. "Every Monday, 18:00-20:00" with Google Calendar app...), as will probably be many things on the way. The point (or at least, one of them) of the post is that sometimes user has constrains coming from his job, personality, or preferred mode of operations, that will make it impossible to use your particular preferred solution in that context. It takes some humility to notice that and not evangelize your particular working habits too much. Also, our technology is broken on that angle; things simply are not expected to work well with each other from the start. > 78 countries (28% of the worlds traffic) drive on the left. Thanks for data, I didn't realize how many left-driving countries were there; I thought it was only UK and Australia. Still, they don't drive on the right side. :). In principle, you should be able to make anything work with anything. Failure to do that is the problem of our current technology. People sometimes have strange syncing needs. Example: I spent some time (and failed, ultimately, due to broken Google Calendar) trying to sync Emacs Org Mode with Android phone. No, I won't switch from Org Mode to anything web-based, Emacs is just too convenient for me. No, I won't switch from SlideScreen to a homescreen with widgets - I love the former and hate the latter. So I need to accept that, right now, I don't have any working solution to sync my phone calendar with Org Mode. For me it would make a difference on borderline cases. If I trust the developer, I don't care about permissions; if I don't trust (or don't like), I won't accept. But sometimes I'm not 100% sure - especially when an app asks for lot of permissions and I have no idea why they would even need them. Then, a plausible explanation could convince me to give those permissions. "Most of the time they are oblivious to it. Some of the time they feign ignorance. The ones who are oblivious to it after a bit more questioning appear to have hired 'SEO Experts' to help improve their website rankings. These 'experts' then start up their various pieces of spam software and sit back often charging the site owners a lot of money for that service." Back in the time when I was too lazy to install Akismet and manually managed comments on my blog (via moderation), I used to see from time to time annoying SEO comments - a fake profile with genuine-sounding comment, backlinking to a website catalog. When I was especially bored, I used to go to such catalog in order to find the SEO company who was spamming me. On one occasion I contacted a private photo studio, asking if they're using SEO company XYZ, as links to them are all over the catalog. It turned out that they just hired a SEO company to 'position their website', without knowing anything about how it's done. I explained the situation (sending screenshots), and the studio immediately ditched the SEO company and hired another one. I was amazed by this attitude and featured a special advert-like post on my blog for them and we're in good contact since then. Thanks :). Yes, you're right. I currently don't have any other idea how to deal with those small, spammy SEO businesses than to raise awareness about the subject and hit their customers directly. It's sad, because the customers here are usually not to blame - like you said, they neither know nor understand what's going on here. I was quite (pleasantly) surprised by the immediate reaction of that particular person, who 'out of respect for my space in the Internet' decided to take action that cost her money. I deeply respect such people. "Vote with your dollars" mindset should be encouraged, IMO. Anyway, here's the story - it's in polish, but maybe HN folks from Poland will find it interesting (and get to know about one thoughtful photographer) - http://temporal.pr0.pl/devblog/2011/09/19/spam-seo-i-fotogra... . It's in http://www.carrieriq.com/company/news.htm . > Besides, 2500 lines of Haskell is likely to be far more functional than 2500 lines of PHP. I guess it's true in both meanings of word 'functional' ;). > * Tablets have rounded corners and bezels because it's difficult to manufacture the unit if the screen extends right to the edges. Also, my guess is that sharp corners may cause injuries and poke holes in things when they fell / someone hits oneself with it. Another reason for there being no real obvious alternative. Except that you don't really need any formalized grammar for communication and language to occur. Do you know the grammar of your native language well? I don't really known mine, and I'm certain I don't have to know it to use the language. Ditto for all the people I know. Grammar is a nice afterthought, but it's not a primary part of a language. It's just a snapshot of ever-evolving fuzziness that is language. I have a lot of non-IT stuff that I'd like to know at one time - so, in a spirit of sharing our TOKNOW lists, my current one: - Economics - Micro - Macro - "Applied" - stock markets, credits, all that stuff - how it works, etc. (I know almost nothing about it) - Knowledge about societies - how they form, how they function, etc. - Bayesian probability (working on it right now, thanks to AI Class), set theory, maybe category theory - Control theory (I do really, really regret I didn't care about this at university) - Biology - Genetics 101 & blood groups (I forgot all this stuff since high school) - Nutrition 101 - First aid - Pretty much whole physics (Feynman's lectures sitting on my bookshelf and waiting ;)) - History - of civilization, especially Roman history - of science, technology and enterpreneurship - of modern geopolitical structures - Geography - World energy infrastructure - How many resources do we have, where they are, how fast we use them - How the world trade works - Literature - "Homeless People" - "Crime and Punishment" - ... and then some other good books And that's really just (non-IT) knowledge; there are also some skills I'd like to acquire that are not listed. I know some (most?) of that stuff was covered in high school, however I somehow missed it all then (I didn't care / school wasn't really helpful to make me care). This list reflects some topics I spend time thinking about / worrying about, but at some point I realized I should either sit down and learn some of it, or stop caring that much about things I don't understand. From the technical side (which is actually the main topic ;)), I keep all of this in plain text; it used to be .txt files somewhere on my hard drive, now it's in Org Mode. > Separate a modern educated person from google/wikipedia/etc. and see whether they can still converse at the same lavel. Most can't. Relevant xkcd: http://xkcd.com/903/ Do you use deft-mode along with org-mode, or as an alternative? Could you share some thoughts and experiences? I'm a happy user of org-mode and I'd like to know more :). > In fact, I'm not sure that there is anything meaningful to be extracted outside of email / dropbox / bank accounts / lastpass / github. Some of the sites (the ones with more 'social' features) could be used by attacker to impersonate you in an social engineering attack. I think it's not about maturity, it's about having reasons to know. School can kill ones's interest in pretty much everything, as soon as your curiosity gets replaced by tests, grades, homeworks, rote, memorizing etc. But it's a long topic, covered on HN many times. For me, most of the school subjects were utterly meaningless. I didn't understand then why could I care about how we produce electricity, where are the resources located. I didn't see any use for learning about kings and battles of the centuries behind (the only date I really remembered back then, is the 6th of June 1944, Operation Overlord; Second World War at least seemed interesting to me personally). Or genetics. Or social things. Or entrepreneurship. Or whatever. I don't miss the school per se. I only wish I put up with crap back then, I wouldn't have to learn some this stuff right now the second time. I still believe the subjects, the way we're taught, are devoid of meaning. To pick one example, physics and geography classes contain enough of knowledge for people to make smart decisions about complex subjects, which scales up in democracies to nation-level. Instead, we see e.g. young mothers boycotting the construction of nuclear power plant in Poland, or whatever. Society seems to be unaware as of where do we get power from, how much do we need, and why it is a damn important problem. People only complain about gasoline prices going up; but hell, if the society doesn't care (or, doesn't even understand enough to be able to care) about energy, how can it expect politicians to care? It's a lack of mental picture of issues the world is dealing with. And energy is only one example. I remember being taught all those things in school; I didn't really understand anything back then, and I think most of the people didn't. Things like "renewable" / "not renewable" resources were to me like Lisp symbols. Their only meaning for me was in tests, like: (member 'coal renewable-resources ); get it wrong, have 0 points. Somehow, between grades, tests and homework, the real meaning of things we learn got lost. Anyway, I wish to go once again through the school material, this time for real, and try to extract some meaning out of it for myself and others around me. Few years ago my friend had an account in a bank that gave him security token, that generated a random number every 60 seconds, that had to be appended to password during login. So even if someone sniffed your password, it would be valid only for less than a minute :). I think it's a great solution and I don't understand why it's not widely used. Last time a polish newspaper featured an article about Indect, they wrote that Indect is going to infer your intentions from cameras before they even occur to you, and call the military for intervention (seriously!). There's a bit of minority-report-like fear in the news. EDIT: Source: http://www.polskatimes.pl/fakty/kraj/384367,inteligentny-sys... One of the paragraph says about brain-wave reflection registered by computers that will be used to determine criminal intentions. And no, it doesn't seem to be intended to be a joke. God, I hate this kind of journalism. > Nonetheless, it's rather sad, because the issue is rather serious and that's a rather serious newspaper, isn't it? It is, or so I believed. I don't read or trust any newspaper anymore; given how usually even most serious news articles get debunked in comments 5 minutes after posting to HN I don't think I'm loosing much... I agree with the importance of explicit learning. > Grammar is language; it defines language. Yet somehow if me says grammatically not correct sentence understand you me quite well. Language evolves by people constantly bending, breaking and rethinking rules of grammar. And language evolves constantly, it's not a static thing. Even contemporary English is very different from what was used 300 years ago. Maybe we have different understanding of the word "to know"? I "know" my language by having something I could describe by a mental bayesian probability model of the fuzzy structure that is "the language people use". Without any explicit grammar inside. I use both Polish (native) and English via "sounds OK to me = it's correct" heuristic, trained mostly on talking, reading and listening, and to the lesser extent on grammar exercises. While using legislation might be an overkill, I think that games would use mentioning Conventions. Not even to enforce certain decisions on player, but as a background (e.g. NPCs restraining themselves from torturing enemy soldiers). People pick up a lot of knowledge and awareness from computer games; even mentioning the Red Cross message would help players better understand the reality of real-world combat. To get the full, full size image try changing from _n to _o. I haven't checked it on the links exposed by discussed method (I'm going to work in a minute), but it's how "Download" link for photos works on normal Facebook photo browser - if you upload a high-resolution picture to Facebook, it's available with _o in the name. > If you're an end-use it quickly disappears and is a non-issue. It just isn't a real problem for end users. Yes, it is. When people ask me how I like my new smartphone, I always say to them: "I like the idea behind Android, but it sucks in use; this smartphone is too weak to handle the basic OS, which makes using it terribly annoying for most of the time". Yes, it sucks. There are constant lags in everything from button presses to scrolling. Main screen gets killed by the OS every few minutes, and it takes it 30 seconds to load up and become usable. Activating Wi-Fi and letting Facebook and GMail sync at the same time equals to several-minute long hang followed by me plugging the battery out. The phone occasionally hangs when receiving calls, and often when trying to dial. Yes, for me, Android phones are piece of crap. I use mine, I put up with it, but it's not pleasant. It's damn annoying every single day. > t's all about having the fastest, shiniest, device. And if you can't keep up or deliver ever demanding performance increases, you die. It's not even about that. It's about something usable and working as expected. I have an Android smartphone (LG P350) with bundled Facebook and Twitter, both of which I never use because they're too heavy for the phone. They barely work, they hang up for minutes, and crash my homescreen. And if I try to sync them, it usually ends with me taking the battery out after few minutes of staring at shining screen of a totally non-responsive (hardware buttons included) phone. Not to mention that once or twice an incoming call was too heavy for that phone to handle, => battery removal operation necessary. Next time before choosing Android, I'll carefully test current devices, and switch to iPhone if I ever find a trace of UI lag. If you badly have to context-switch, make the process as efficient as you can. Context switches take a lot of time, but sometimes - like day job vs. side project - are unavoidable. So instead of trying hard to avoid all of the switches, maybe let's optimize the switching process so that it doesn't hurt so much? I started doing that at my last work - 10 minutes before leaving the office I would open up my "Context Dump" file and write down exactly what's on my mind - current project status, what I was working on, what have I done, what has to be fixed, what quirks are there, what ideas I was considering - pretty much a stream-of-consciousness-like mind dump to text file. And then, the next morning, first thing I would do would be to open up that file and re-read it. It helped me to rebuild my mind state in few minutes instead of an hour. Also, my anxiety went down, which reduced the amount of time I procrastinated on HN each morning. > linear growth (which is bad, because it means a decreasing growth rate) Isn't linear growth associated with constant growth rate? Serious question, I'm not sure if I'm not missing some understanding here. Ok, I understand now, thanks :). > In conclusion, TV news should be ended in all forms. Even though it sounds a bit broad, I'll second the idea behind it as I understand it. > Wow. I agree there's a lot of misinformation and poor reporting on TV news, but that's like saying the Internet should be ended because of the poor quality of slashdot comments. There's too many misinformation and poor reporting on TV and no way to distinguish truth from falsehood. You wouldn't trust a person who verifiably lied to you 70% of the time. That's why you don't trust YouTube comments. It's a waste of brain resources to even try. The same thing happened with newspapers and major news station. Even most news from news sites that end up on HN get debunked in comments after few hours by people who actually know the domain. I personally don't know who to believe now - everyone on "popular news" seems to try either to steal attention, or to advertise something. And the truth suffers. > There's a lot to be said for teaching experimentation and the scientific method, but I'm worried they're teaching a whole generation of kids that science is inherently dangerous. I wouldn't even say 'dangerous', I would say 'real'. Exploding things are real. Making rocket fuel from sugar and fertilizer is real. Computing the angle of a falling ball is NOT real unless you happen to fire that ball from potato gun. Computing velocity of a block sliding from a wedge is not real, is terribly and utterly boring. Our education suffers from total detachment from reality. Physics lessons are boring, and it's right that kids point it out. > A number of studies have consistently shown that TV news makes people dumber While I believe that and I like the conclusion, my inner rationalist screams: [citation needed] :). > The medium is not the same thing as the type of content. True, it's a generalization, but it's a useful generalization if majority of content specific to a given medium seems to have the same properties. I don't, because I'm too lazy to install one (I change browsers often). Also, I use ads as a general 'trustworthiness' metric of a website/service. The more ads are there relative to content, the more tricky are those ads, or the more ugly they are - the more I'll consider a website to be scammy/malicious. It seems to have worked quite good for me so far. > Most people aren't evolved to resist serious strains of flu, but when an epidemic happens the next generation will be those who were. It's true because diseases kill unprepared and leave only the (more-less) adapted. So far neither obesity nor computer games were successful in killing people on the mass scale fast enough. Also, we're actively engineering the computer games to be as immersing as possible. If a 'resistant generation' pops up, it'll probably at some point engineer addicting games for itself. It's also known as superstimulus; relevant LW article: http://lesswrong.com/lw/h3/superstimuli_and_the_collapse_of_... Reminds me of http://wiki.lesswrong.com/wiki/Orgasmium . That's why anti-editorializing rules on HN submission titles are so important. That's why picking a good headline for the article is important. That's (another reason) why I believe that most of the news services are doing a disservice to humanity. We read many more headlines than full articles, and every sensationalistic title that is inaccurate, or a lie if taken out of context, might be another untrue information we learn. Snake length is a score counter. :). "There was a lot of prior art when we began the Crunchpad project, and having a tablet that was touch controlled rather than with a stylus wasn't really a revolutionary idea since there were a number of component manufacturers at the time who were scaling up their touch controllers to larger dimensions (9", 11", 12" etc.) in preparation for this market." Having a tablet that was touch controlled rather than with a stylus wasn't really a revolutionary idea since Star Trek: The Next Generation was aired in 1987, with it's touch-controlled screens [0] and PADDs [1] [2]. BTW. I'm surprised by Star Trek not being mentioned at all since the dawn of consumer touch-screen technology. I expected people to be doing lots of LCARS rip-offs on MS Surface, tablets and phones, and there's almost nothing. [0] - http://techspecs.startrek.acalltoduty.com/images/galaxy/ed-m... [1] - http://www.teleread.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/08/padd.gif [2] - http://en.memory-alpha.org/wiki/PADD > Star Trek: The Next Generation also has FTL drive and matter transporters that don't kill you. The idea may have come from TNG, but I think it's more that using a finger was the next logical step after the stylus than actual "inspiration" on the part of TNG. Those are different kind of ideas. FTL drive and matter transporter might not be treated as real idea, but whatever procedures, safety precautions and logistic considerations were conceived around them may prove to be valuable ideas if we ever get to FTL/transporter technology or something similar. On the other hand, touchscreens in TNG were an useful, realistic concept. > LCARS really isn't that practical of a user interface (narrow font, odd color scheme, lack of consistent layouts...) Michael Okuda designed it more to look futuristic and "cool" than to really be something usable. Sure it's not really usable (compared to our current interfaces), but I personally assumed that ST is so ingrained in minds of most hackers that such projects would start appearing immediately, as an 'obvious thing to do'. Yeah, they recently killed a free LCARS app for Android: http://code.google.com/p/moonblink/wiki/Tricorder :(. > Not everyone drank the agile koolaid. Pure [1] waterfall is doomed from theoretical point of view. You cannot control a system without a feedback loop, unless you have a 100% accurate knowledge of system's state and future evolution. Waterfall lacks feedback loop => you can't really expect much from it. [1] - in real life there's always some kind of feedback loop in the process; I'd argue that the primary reason why Agile methodologies seem to work better is that they have a much, much tighter feedback loop than waterfall. tl; dr: I think Waterfall vs. Agile religious war is wrong; it's mostly about that you can't hit a moving target without a feedback loop. That's why I don't think the discussion should really be Waterfall vs. Agile, it should be about feedback loops in the process. There are circumstances in e.g. military or medical projects where you absolutely, positively, need to work to an approved spec with time & budget analysis, etc.; it seems to be common outside of software (I don't see much of agile-built bridges or jetplanes). There are those parts of the process that can be predicted (and have their cost estimated) relatively well - those you plan in advance (aka. waterfall). There are others, where you only have a somewhat vague and changing final goal - there your only real solution is a process with a tight feedback loop (aka. agile). Now you can look at software process on different levels - what might look like waterfall from the high level may be in fact a collection of very agile sub-processes. Which may contain waterfally sub-levels (like, isn't a single iteration of TDD red-green-refactor cycle a bit waterfally? ;). So I think instead of thinking about "agile vs. waterfall" we should consider what feedback loops we need where, and how tight they should be. > It may be the laser being refracted by the air, just like commercial green lasers are refracted by fog. I actually think is the only explanation. It is. Seeing is interacting with photons, so you can't 'see' a photon that didn't just hit your camera. The process is similar to how I heard we can see speed of light in space, as light from exploding star propagates through a nebula and reflects back to us. I can't find a reference for that though, I heard it as a story from a physics professor. > And neutrinos, because seriously, neutrinos rock And magnets. How come we haven't noticed this before? That is, some of those logs were probably sent at some point to somebody who didn't exactly expect this kind of data. I'm surprised nobody found out sooner. Even if they go to great lengths to make their apps send crash reports to them? I love HN for that kind of reactions :). Also, it's a great example of how you can create value (and earn money) by just combining few free tools into a useful utility for general audience. Wow, I didn't know you can make clickable links in SVG. Also, it's interesting how many different flavors of Linux are there, suited for a single goal or for specific groups of users. Interesting examples of Ubuntu versions: http://ubuntuce.com/ , http://distrowatch.com/table.php?distribution=sabily and http://www.planetwatt.com/ . So, as a corollary, ideally you'd design the environment so that humans adapt to it in a particular way, thus getting rid of the 'human factor', whatever it is. > No one is born with an innate desire for that specific Barbie or Lego set. The companies market to you, make you feel like you want it. True, but it's the fault of both companies and consumers at the same time. It's a feedback loop. Marketing strategies are based on what people are willing to buy, which is based on what companies market. The system feeds on itself. > It's easy to blame the companies -- but in reality it's very hard for a single company to change the macro culture that informs their product decisions. If you want to find the root cause, look at the users and ask why they demand the products they do. In this case: "why are so few parents buying Legos for their girls?" or "why do girls feel a stigma about playing with Legos?" I don't believe there's a "root cause", or at least it's not on the same conceptual level as "companies" and "consumers". It's a feedback loop. Companies create markets and needs by marketing, but marketing is never done in vacuum, it's correlated with what people already need. There are lots of loops like that (concept of popularity, or TV - as the quote of Steve somewhere in this thread goes), and we have one side of the loop blaming the other side of the loop, where in fact each side is fine by itself; it's just the combination that's broken and seems to converge on something bad. Maybe GP meant 'throughput'? Since always HN is a place of clear and precise communication. I did. More often, I don't install apps that look ugly, and also avoid some companies and products for things like making aesthetically bad ads, having crappy webpages, logos, or even stupid-sounding names. It's irrational, but sometimes I won't use an app/webapp because I just hate how the name sounds. I'm personally very happy that such articles appear here. I got used to the fact that HN covers only significant geopolitical events , so I can ditch every other news service and be sure that if something of actual importance happens, it'll be covered here as well. Also, I'd be hard pressed to find such quality of discussions anywhere else. Why not, if there is something smart to discuss about them, something gratifying our intellectual curiosity[1]. I vaguely remember even pg referring to Lady Gaga as hacker in clothes space in (I think) Hackers&Painters (anyone have the reference? I can't seem to find it :/). [1] - http://ycombinator.com/newsguidelines.html AFAIR they did that maneuver on Battlestar Galactica a few times. But still, it's a good point. It might not be, but still, we have only so much oil around, and many more electricity sources, so in the long run electric is a better option. Yeah, quoting from that link: "He was saying a real startup trajectory might look something more like this" (emphasis mine) When we're graphing trajectories , not functions, loops are certainly allowed (see e.g. phase diagrams[1]). Still, without labeled axis those graphs are pretty much meaningless, so I treat them more like an conceptual illustration. [1] - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phase_space I wouldn't bother about loops, they are allowed if you're not graphing functions[1] and are quite common on (x1/x2) graphs as opposed to (x/t) graphs. My real issue with it are unlabeled axis - without them those graphs have no meaning except as an conceptual illustration of an idea that something loops around while growing. Also, OP assumed that x is time, which it does not have to be for the "graphs" to make sense. [1] - see e.g.: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phase_space tl; dt: nitpicking, and also picking the wrong nit. But now also PC games are unhexeditable, so you don't have anything left to hexedit. > And actually, we already have a working energy source that works by annihilation of matter: nuclear energy. Releasing energy stored in nuclear bonds between particles is NOT annihilation. Nothing gets annihilated in nuclear reactions. Indeed that happens. But it's still not annihilation[1], it's just a conversion of relativistic mass (which comes from energy of nuclear bonds) into kinetic energy. [1] - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Annihilation > the manufacturers could be cooperating secretly with the authorities They might not be doing it now, but there's no telling if they won't start doing it later, when the government will ask for data or surveillance because of terrorist threat or . > "show/ask" posts leave the front page more quickly Do they? Hate to say it, but [citation needed]. > I can't help but imagine that whoever has the bad luck of fighting against against the drones and robots of US will feel much like in Terminator (...) Relevant xkcd: http://xkcd.com/652/ > I wonder if the lack of state is why I keep getting the "Unknown or expired link" message all the time? As front page keeps changing and reordering, the "Next page" link after some time becomes meaningless, so maybe it's because of that. > I agree developers are more biased towards Google (or away from Bing) than the general population. Are they? I can easily imagine it being the other way around. I don't see how general population would know about other search engines or even consider that Google != Internet. But of course, without hard data the whole topic is groundless. And suddenly I can't recall any site that actually uses AdWords from the top of my head, so that I could check if it's true :(. Any links to verify? Even Wikipedia's blackout is not full, and quite easy to go around if you know magic tricks like disabling JavaScript or CSS in the browser. While commercial damage is likely a very important consideration to Google, another reason might be that shutting down Google completely would most likely result in damage to human health and/or loss of lives. 'If only tool you have is a DDoS...' It's time for Anonymous to do something more creative. They are capable of it. DDoSing people doesn't work anymore. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prostitution_and_the_law#Worldw... Wikipedia seems to disagree. Much more relevant: http://xkcd.com/924/ (is there a topic which xkcd hadn't nailed already?) > It's not that these are specific things you should memorize, but that it's at least a necessary condition: if you can't, without notes, say what an expectation is, what a loss function is, what nonparametric regression is, etc., and when you might use some of these things, then you probably didn't pay attention in class or work any of the problem sets, because after a semester of actually doing the course you should definitely know all that without even really thinking. Terminology is easy to remember once you understand the concept, and those things you mentioned are something that you do not memorize. Those things you have to understand. You can memorize a formula, and you can memorize a list of applications of a given concept, but both of them are worthless if you don't understand on a gut level, what the concept is and thus where to apply it. Or Conkeror, for those (like me) more used to Emacs shortucts and lifestyle. http://conkeror.org/ I remember that after "Find His Porn" website was featured on HN ( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3301137 ) someone here presented an application that does the opposite - provides hidden, secure, encrypted drive - and that basically is TrueCrypt + some magic scripts that make it normal-user-friendly. Can't Google the link though. It happened to me once when reading a FAQ for rootnode support IRC channel. There was a most important "point 0" in FAQ, that was emphasized by moving it above the page header. It was supposed to be the very first thing visitor will read, but my mind didn't even register this text being there (even after being told that there is a "point 0" and revisiting the page). Needless to say, I got into some trouble because of that, but I managed to convince FAQ maintainers that banner blindness[1] is a real thing, and they fixed the FAQ. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Banner_blindness > What matters in software: creating value, shipping product to the end user. What matters to software engineers: just about everything else, for some reason. Because, apart from creating Business Value, some of us actually like the process. It's often the act of building, not the final product, that gets people to become software engineers. So please, cut us some slack here. More fun = motivated (happy) developer = better developer = more business value. > "I don't have faith in automated nudity detection as a whole (which, as a programmer, may seem stupid)" I don't see how this is stupid. Personally, the more I understand how technology works, the more I find myself not trusting big parts of it. In particular, I don't expect nudity detection to work well at this point in time, especially given that typical image processing algorithms are heuristics that feel like smart hacks at best. Correct me if I'm wrong, but without elections, you also don't have democracy , right? I of course do not mean to say that democracy is The Answer to All Problems, but this idea seems to touch the very core of the political system in place. Maybe you can write all issues that annoy you about each of those things you use every day, and then see if some of them are problems for others as well, and if they can be fixed? I heard once that it's a great way to generate ideas that might actually give value and bring some money back :). I couldn't get used to the taste of beer for something like two years since I started drinking alcohol. At first I hated it, now I just tolerate it. I still don't really like it, but I don't have problem with drinking it in social situations anymore. There might still be some practical uses that do not require complete autonomy. I can imagine e.g. fleets of such quadrocopters flying inside buildings, tied to security cameras. Law enforcement would probably love this. Money seems to be a natural consequence of trying to scale up barter trade, and allows society to specialize. It's hard for me to imagine how a resource-scarce society can expand without some form of 'currency' (be it our 'normal' money, reputation, whatever), that would be a unified unit of value for all things one wants to exchange. Obligatory mention: Cory Doctorow's "Down and Out In the Magic Kingdom" - a book about post-scarcity technological utopia that has imlpemented a reputation economy. http://craphound.com/down/download.php (available for free) Except, by rolling our own systems and automating things we want to, we expand our potential and learn new things, which gives us somewhat difficult to quantify value for the future. One can't become an engineer without solving nontrivial (for one's own skills) problems. > we believe users need further transparency on how this works, so we've been proactively addressing this I feel like shooting someone every time I see them (or for that matter, anyone else) doing things 'proactively' (at least three times in the comments of original blog post). My BS meter goes all red on that. What does 'proactively addressing issue of transparency' mean? Even the sentence itself is not transparent. I seriously wonder why so many companies communicate using language like that. Is it because of law? If instead, he'd say "well, we really screwed that one up and we want to apologize; right now we're trying to figure out how to fix those issues, please be patient" - could that get them sued, or what? The simplest way to do that is to reward that person with money, which the person may latter exchange for whatever is "valuable" to him. Golden! Also, if I have a 'trouble understanding how someone so smart could be that dumb', it doesn't say much about that person. It says that I do have a problem with my understanding. Nuclear seems to be our only option for the time being; most renewables require TONS of space to be comparable (not to mention problems with electricity production vs. demand management in the grid - solar and wind energy kind of depends on weather). There's a good book on the topic that has all the relevant calculations: http://www.withouthotair.com/ While I'd definitely want to see more people with science/engineering background managing countries, I keep wondering, whether this wouldn't be solving a wrong problem. How much problems are there because western politicians supposedly are morons who can't handle the complexities of this world, and how much problems are caused by Upton Sinclair's "It is difficult to get a man to understand something, when his salary depends upon his not understanding it" ? The latter case would probably affect scientist-politicians as well. I recently added my own syntax rule to JavaScript mode in Emacs to highlight lone { at the beginning of line (with or without trailing whitespaces). After your comment, I think about adding some more highlights for with, == and !=. On my Kindle, the Back button works perfectly well in this case, returning you from footnote to the point where you followed it in the main text. Did that on pg's Hackers & Painters. Back key works just as expected for me. It's like a stack - you can pop significant transitions from it, like following a reference or leaving the book. I know some folks who are like that. I think most of the Unix/Linux advocates I personally know started this way. For me it was probably hanging out on HN for the last two years that changed my mindset. I used to like spending time building (as in, building forever, not shipping) things with interesting technologies and great attention to code style, etc. Right now I try to focus on making something useful for me or others[1]. Programming is now more of a tool (one of many) than an art for me (though I still love to play around with technologies and concepts). I blame this mindshift on the prevailing focus on shipping something useful ASAP that can be seen here :). [1] - to the point that yesterday, after spending few hours researching available software and technologies, I decided to pay few bucks for a solution that I would normally strive to code myself. People get creeped out by more and more things nowdays. I don't want to taunt the "If you don't do anything wrong, you don't have anything to hide" phrase, but the truth is that privacy is an illusion; most privacy one can get comes from that literaly no one cares about this 'private stuff' of the individual - at least not enough to try and learn it. As the technology gets better, it's becoming increasingly difficult to lie, and to live a fake life. Every thing one does leaves a trace in the physical world, a trace that one can't remove. From air vibrations to people talking to behaviour patterns, the trace is there, and year after year we get better and better at amplifying those signals and extracting information. One can not lie and hope it will remain undiscovered forever. In a healthy society this would be a Good Thing. > i'd rather not pay for other people's benefits unless the benefit returns to me with reasonable probability and period of time Then pay for the warm, fuzzy feeling you'll get for doing something that benefits others. > Trained dogs can identify breath samples from patients with lung cancer with 98 percent accuracy. Do you know any details if this was ever properly tested? Recently there was an article[1] on HN[2] that suggested we might be putting too much faith in dogs for drug/explosives detection, as it was never properly tested if they really are that good at it, or whether they just pick up subtle clues from their handlers, AKA Clever Hans effect[3]. I wonder if this effect is accounted for in case of 'cancer detection' dogs. [1] - http://www.erowid.org/freedom/police/police_article1.shtml [2] - https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3418016 [3] - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clever_Hans "There's a well-known study by Shiv and Fedorikhin showing that if you tax people's working memory by making them remember a 7-digit string of numbers, people are more likely to make a less-optimal decision (they chose to eat chocolate cake versus the more healthy fruit salad option)." I'm not sure how the Shiv experiment proves anything. I personally would always choose the chocolate cake, no matter how much time I had to spend on the decision - I just don't like fruit salads, at least not as much as cakes. And one doesn't eat desserts all the time, so it's not much of a problem anyway. 'Optimal' != 'healthy', and I bet (pun intended) that when choosing dessert many people optimize for feeling, not for health. (Maybe this effect was documented using some other experiments, but sometimes when I read psychology stuff, I start do doubt both my and researchers' sanity, because I can't figure out how little shifts of behavior over e.g. a chocolate cake, tested on a small ( EDIT: I'm searching for original paper on Shiv experiment. It might be that cognitive load makes our decision less rational, but I'm not buying choosing salad over cake as a rationality test. EDIT2: Found it. http://www.mendeley.com/research/heart-and-mind-in-conflict-... It seems that they also asked people to rate the rationality of their choice - whether they believe the cake/salad is good for health, a wise choice, etc. Given this data the result and conclusions sound a bit more reasonable. I try to trust peer reviewed papers (if we can't trust them, what can we trust?), but I also try to keep my bullshit meter well calibrated. There's enough of pseudo-scientific "knowledge" circulating around. Just look at 7-38-55 (spoken-voice-body language) "rule of communication" and 'cone of learning' ("we remember 10% of what we read, 20% of what we hear, ...") - it gets repeated around all the time, but if you think of it, it makes no sense. And, in fact, it's totally not true. It's just a result of a big misinterpretation of some scientific studies. > My friends couldn't give a crap what I click Like on. Well, in case of my friends Liking things, I do. It's a good recomendation engine. Especially, if your friends are not from the same industry as you, looking at what they Like is a way to avoid filter bubble. ... I just went to the shop and bought ME 1 & 2. Now I feel like a complete idiot, as I knew that ME3 is coming out soon, and didn't connect the dots. :/. I hope 1 & 2 even remotely match the description. I also thought it went like that, it's much better. I think it's nowhere near as bad as the article sounds. The red square from Google+ is small and hidden in the place I usually don't even look, so I find myself not realizing for days that got a notification from Google+. On Facebook, notifications are one of the most useful features of the whole service - they tell me about the more important[1] events that I could otherwise miss (Facebook walls are heavily filtered; otherwise you'd be flooded by updates). And they don't even appear on your e-mail, unless I ask for it (Facebook has now disabled almost all e-mail notifications by default). So I'm sorry, but I'm not convinced by this article. On the contrary, I find notifications to be one of the best UI solutions out there. They are completely noninvasive[2] and make sure you don't miss anything, so you don't have to constantly check what is going on. It boils down to what alexchamberlain said in the thread - event-based architecture beats polling in almost all cases. [1] - if we can call anything on Facebook "important". But things like comments to my updates, or activities of my closest friends are things I don't want to miss. [2] - Twitter, G+ and Facebook notifications are generally numbers on the webpage title / notification bar. They do not play sounds, they do not pop windows up. If one gets distracted by that, I recommend not keeping FB/Twitter/G+ tabs open in the browser during work. Almost invisible. I notice them only when I'm not focused and start looking around for distractions. I'm a bit angry at that, because a notification that you notice several days after the event it refers to is usually worthless. This is just an extreme example of so called 'first world problems'. Because then you'd have to opt-in to Google Images, Reddit, HN, and a thousans other services as well, which of course you won't do, because it's a waste of time. Opt-in is not a way to go if you want to have anything done in the world. I completely agree with you. Opt-in means nothing would ever be done in this world, because everyone would be wasting resources on getting permissions. No browsers, no search engines, no Wikipedia, no HN, no nothing. The rule of thumb should be: you opt-in when you put your stuff on the Internet. Well, Facebook not only takes parts of text, but also displays thumbnails of actual image content of the linked site. I get the feeling that governments really, really want to see mass protests and rebellions worldwide over the access to Youtube and Facebook. Why they can't see that touching the Internet will not end well for anyone? EDIT It was a bit of a hyperbole on my part, and I wasn't thinking about Arab Spring - more about recent anti-ACTA protests in Europe. And while it is true that revolutions in Egypt, etc. were not about the Internet access, we (aka. the so caled 'first world') noticed them only after those governments started blocking the Internet in their countries. Countries with oppresive regimes have lots of reasons for people to protest about; I'm more worried about our 'democratic part' of US and Europe, where tensions are building up on topics of freedom, and especially freedom of the Internet. Just a small example - recent takedown of Megaupload has annoyed lots of normal (non-IT) people in my country, as Megavideo was really, really popular way to watch TV series here. General sentiments are not looking good. I wouldn't be surprised to see more Internet-freedom-related protests in the future; especially that anti-ACTA protests in Poland seem to have been quite influential in the EU politics on the topic. And as people get more daring, there's a short way from protests to riots. Also, correct me if I'm wrong, but I got the impression that the Americans are worried that the US is turning into a fascist state. I don't see how governments poking around the Internet is going to help to alleviate those worries. Yes, I understand. I was exaggerating a bit. I edited the post to clarify. Fortunately... I wrote a comment under it, and since that day my mailbox was flooded with notifications about other replies for months to come. I think about doing some analytics on them; say, plot the number of comments per day over time - I'd expect to see something like e^(1/x) - 1. > The way to the future is to convince people that new technology is better for them. If the message instead is "you need to give up things you like for the greater good," people will oppose you at every move, and rightly so; While I agree in principle, ... > do you really want to live in a world where computer screens are just barely bright enough to see, where buildings are sweltering on hot days, freezing on cold days, showers are cold, and the speed limit is never higher than 55mph? Alternative is unfortunately having no computers, no air conditioning and no cars at all. Current energy consumption is too high to sustain even if we go all electric and switch to nuclear + renewables[1]. We need to think about energy efficiency at least a little bit more than we do now. [1] - this book works out all the numbers: http://www.inference.phy.cam.ac.uk/withouthotair/ The book suggests it might, but in general getting sufficient quantities of energy from renewables would require country-sized facilities. > My interpretation is that Google is "un-training" users from using this valuable piece of screen real estate for a useless no-op function, (...) It's not an useless no-op function. By going to default/main page of the service it reverts you to a known state, simplifying navigation and enhancing user confidence. I personally rely on this behaviour of main logos and get terribly annoyed if someone breaks my expectation (which, rarely, happens). Point me to a platform without Flash support. EDIT: I meant, show me a platform where users can't get Flash for free easily. AFAIR on Windows, Unix and MacOS (I used only the first two) you can just download a free player... Some people (like me) just don't mind. Tracking is not inherently bad, and they use that data to provide some value for users. If you had to inform everyone and provide opt-ins for every single feature that someone out there might not like, nothing would ever be done on the Internet. Also, running analysis on this kind of data must be pure awesomeness, from scientist's point of view ;). Ok, fair enough. Yes, you're right, my mistake. I expressed myself wrong (thought one think, wrote another...). We can live on renewables + nuclear (if we get there, which would be a monumental task - both politically and in terms of building necessary infrastructure, not to mention electrifying pretty much everything that now burns fuel), but definitely not on renewables alone. And this transition needs to be started ASAP. The final comparisons of stacks were against electrified and reduced consumption (author started by pointing out how to reduce overall energy use to little more than 50% of the base value). There are many easy tricks that can help with this reduction - like better home insulation, keeping heating few degrees lower, using heat pumps for air conditioning, etc. - that don't mean one has to live without hot water & computers. But people need to start implementing those measures if we are to have any chance in transitioning to a sustainable energy economy. But for sure it's moving very fast! (even worse follow-up on a bad quantum joke) I appreciated it when I put the marker on my home - I could then clearly imagine what the destruction range is. Haha, nice :). I'm not the only one. Maybe not on the regular basis, but I found writing on LCDs with a whiteboard pen helpful on numerous occasions A random pen I used for exactly the same purpose didn't do any lasting damage to LCD, so I guess it's not that difficult to find them. > This is akin to saying that the internet is broken because some videos are prefaced by a commercial. Youtube showing mandatory, non-skippable video commercials before the video you want to watch is the single most annoying thing that happened on the Internet in the last few years. I still haven't figured out how to get rid of them, but if I ever find out, I won't hesitate to do so. Single symbols are ok, but why do they have to be denoted by a single letter? There's a reason why using single-letter (or two, or three-letter) variables is discouraged in programming in favour of longer, descriptive names. It's to avoid the moments in which you start wondering, in the middle of reading a function, 'why q has to be greater than k-1? And what the hell is this Q(p) anyway?'. I really don't understand why both math and physics are so into one-character symbols. Even the OP's Bayes theorem example shows that it's easier to read a formula, when the symbol names self-evaluate to their meaning. Ok, this is a good reason, though I'm don't think it covers all the use cases, in particular on the borderline between math and physics. But yes, I can see how in programming, knowing what the variable really represents is usually helpful, while in math might usually be not. Thanks for the link, there are some good thoughts there. > "why did I have to learn matrices at school? total waste of time.(...)" Unless you're doing game programming as a hobby, or encounter problems that can be modeled as a set of equations, which then can be easily solved using few matrix tricks, giving you lots of fun and $$$. But I do agree with your sentiment; even though math can be fun on its own, it's easier (and probably better) to get people interested in it by showing how to use it to solve complex problem. After all, math is just formalized, applied rational thinking. > you might find out that pure cold rationalism is not a silver bullet, and that in fact curiosity is a value to be placed above. > After all, rationalism is not able to tell us why one should not pee every evening on one's neighbors fence, right? On LessWrong they have an interesting description of rationality - http://lesswrong.com/lw/31/what_do_we_mean_by_rationality/ . By this definition (both about map/territory and 'winning'), if 'strange' ideas from 'strangers' seem to give good results, then it is rational to try and understand them. But in case of Feng Shui and artists, if reason for having a curved garden is to make archer's life difficult, then I want to believe it's because of archers, not because of ghosts. We don't need spiritual mnemonic nowdays anymore. And if one finds that peeing on one's neighbors fence is a good way towards achieving goals he value, then it might in fact be rational to do so. But in most of cases, rationality tells us that angry neighbors and loosing karma in society are Bad Things to have. Why? To quote from the article, > Below, I propose a process for how to "get curious." I think we are only just beginning to learn how to create curious people, so please don't take this method as Science or Gospel but instead as an attempt to Just Try It. Nowhere is the author suggestng that this procedure has been scientificaly tested. Also, the author raises two very important points that can be applied to other things in life: 1) to train a skill before it is needed, so that it's available when the time comes. 2) to train it enough many times for it to become a habit. "Cocoa doesn't have this. C# doesn't have this. Nothing else has this." Lisp has this. It has probably invented this. The other talk (not yet on-line) featured a remote-controlled hummingbird drone flying around the TED stage. See also: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jgbdKNsw3Kc What HN users hate to say, but still do: http://www.hnsearch.com/search#request/all&q=%22hate+to+... To see the power of AutoHotkey, look at this: http://www.autohotkey.net/~joten/bug.n.html A guy made DWM (a keyboard-operated tiling window manager[1]) for Windows using AutoHotkey scripts. And I have to tell, after testing it for some time, it is amazing (and tiling WMs are amazing in general). [1] - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tiling_window_manager Simple test: watch it with sound turned off. > I very much doubt that knowledge of either is really going to give you much edge over someone who concentrates on learning the practice itself. But then you get an insight and create these: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swimfin - and win without much effort. It of course wouldn't help you much in a swimming contest, where the priority is for the whole game to look 'fair' to viewers, not to Just Win. But in real life, you're not always artificially limited by a set of rules that disallow using advanced knowledge for your advantage. People should stop using the word "success" so much, because it really does seem to mean different things to different people. Of course you can abstract away the precise meaning and talk useful things about "success" and get to some generally useful conclusions - but there is limit to what you can say in general, without talking about specific values one measure one's success with. This word often seems to be a good candidate for a taboo game[1]. [1] http://wiki.lesswrong.com/wiki/Rationalist_taboo Truth is, most of the things I know about the world in general and programming in particular is due to procrastination and rabbit-holing. Big chunks of my understanding of physics come from randomly reading stuff on Wikipedia while procrastinating in high school. I discovered HN and learned Lisp when shying away from doing an university project in PHP, which in result got me a job in Erlang and also led to being widely recognized at the university as 'the Lisp guy'. Here I discovered pg's essays and LessWrong, both of which helped me grow, and many other things. I owe much of who I am now to rabbit-holing. And also being a person who always has three solution candidates to any problem in 30 seconds ("you know, there was this startup/library/tool featured on HN last month...") is a result of that random learning. I do sometimes feel that it's not the optimal way of learning things. I try to find the balance between random-walking and systematized learning, but one thing I'm sure of, it's that the optimum is not on the side of formal education, at least not for me. After trying, again and again, to force and fit myself into 'the System' of traditional, formalized learning I discovered that it is almost impossible for me, and it always have been. Learning what I'm told to learn for sake of tests and exams just repells me, causing almost physical pain. So I'm not trying to force myself anymore, I decided to do what I have to do with minimum effort, and spend the rest of the time learning what I want, the way I want, and allowing myself time for rabbit-holing and procrastinating. I was thinking about quitting university after taking part in Stanford's AI Class and then realizing that they have around 12 courses planned for the next semester. I don't believe that any university in my country could beat the quality level of what's offered now by Stanford, MIT and others. I decided to stay, but I'm not lying to myself anymore about the reasons. I stayed not to get knowledge - which I can get faster and of better quality elsewhere - but because of: - Master degree (as in, formal title; it may come in handy) - Access to expensive/difficult to get equipment - for all those crazy ideas of mine that involve e.g. a piece of custom hardware - Access to people who know some particular area inside out - All the smart people who study at the university - there won't be any other chance to meet so many amazing people and maybe Build Something Amazing with them, and then keep contact for the future. - Cheaper tickets for public transport. But as I said, I'm not there for the knowledge. Not anymore. I think edw519 used to write in length about 'just-in-time-learning', calling it 'pull learning' (as opposed to 'push'). See, for instance, comment 71 in [1]. My rabbit-holing doesn't always resemble your approach; I often end up reading a book on a topic I'm just interested in, without a particular project or feeling of lacking knowledge. However, I try to transition myself into more JIT-learning/pull-learning style, so that I learn things at the same time I try to get something useful&interesting done. This mindshift is probably mostly due to HN (and we're looping back to rabbit-holing :)) - especially the prevailing emphasis on 'shipping the damn thing'. [1] - http://edweissman.com/53640595