You're off by a factor of ten. Preindustrial was ~280ppm, current is ~400ppm, so we're responsible for about 30% of the CO2 in the air right now. "Coming ice age" was mostly the press, not the scientists. Attention-grabbing headlines without a connection to reality; "fake news " isn't new. I also wrote to my MP (and to one of the ministers above her). The response was a wall of polite non-comprehension. I'm leaving the UK because of this act. Brexit doesn't help (Brexit probably means we can't fight the act in the EU human rights court), but this act is so bad, it is such technologically illiterate bull, it will /at best/ do nothing and at worse expose the nation to criminal hacking, blackmailing, and identity theft. > subversive or criminal activities My standard counter-argument to this is "drugs". Drugs are a sufficient bug-bear to be used by the UK government as justification for invasive surveillance, but there are so many drug users in the UK that if they tried enforcing that law they would bankrupt the nation three times over from each of prosecution, building and staffing sufficient prisons, and the sheer number of people in prison who would then not earn any money or pay any taxes. And that is just from a thing the government uses as its justification for the surveillance power it now has. While it would probably be relatively easy for Apple to move to London, I think the British stance on privacy (Investigatory Powers Bill etc.) would make Apple less interested than one might expect from simple tax rules. Then there are all the Brexit related questions about export of services, and I have no idea at all how that might or might not change things. Every time I take a photo of the night sky, I'm lucky if I can see a single star. And that's without having the exposure levels set so that I can see the ground as more than a featureless white washed out expanse of light. > That level of detail would take huge computational power and software. It takes zero computational power and zero software. We've been able to fake stars since 1650. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Planetarium It would have been utterly trivial in the 60s and 70s, even without a massive planetarium, just using multiple exposures. 'cause that had been known about since the "fairies at the bottom of the garden" photos of the victorian era. Stars in the background of the Apollo footage tells you nothing, at all. The photos of the footprints, from an orbiting lunar reconnaissance probe, says more. https://www.nasa.gov/sites/default/files/images/584398main_M... Edit to correct spelling, fottage->footage Given the cost of laser diodes is now pennies, how much would it cost to target every window in a city? I'm imagining drones putting sensor domes with ~100 laser diodes each on top of existing street lights, using in the order of a few watts from a small solar cell and battery to do basic signal processing (most windows will be silent most of the time) and uploading anything possibly interesting over a standard mobile data connection. Then process the possibly interesting signals with a voice-to-text system similar to Alexa/Siri/Google/Cortana and now there's a searchable text database of everything spoken next to a window in a city. That would be, what, mid tens to mid hundreds of millions of £ for London? Compared to the annual budget of £3.24 billion? edit: possibility->possibly I suspect the "wizards" are likely to be those who own the means of production. To back up your point, they already have been: * https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iran–U.S._RQ-170_incident * https://www.theguardian.com/world/2009/dec/17/skygrabber-ame... If I have been correctly informed, because psychopathy (and narcissism?) are over-represented in positions of power. I would assume that the Democrats (as a non-American, what's up with calling them 'liberals'?) being out of power for four years will make them literally incapable of being why Trump fails to solve these problems. Hi, Great Britain here. Our southernmost point further north than all of the contiguous USA, and we've stopped burning coal for the first time since the 1800s this year. Not permanently, but considering that coal was our biggest power source in 2013, that is an enormous change. Well, Heisenburg uncertainty becomes more relevant the colder you get. In this case, [uncertainty in position] * [uncertainty in momentum] >= ħ/2, so something with mass but no kinetic energy would be everywhere in an infinite universe with equal probability. Sounds about right to me. Wikipedia's list of Orders of magnitude (temperature)* shows atomic waves being coherent over centimetres at 10^-15 K, and a 10^8 difference in temperature is a 10^4 difference in momentum — which fits μm to cm. * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orders_of_magnitude_(temperatu... That's fair. One person on their own can only do so much, so on a personal level "buy as little as you can while staying happy" (or "save as much as you can and retire early") are good things. These are good for individuals even if we are wrong about climate change. Cars, for example: When you buy a car, the car maker realises there is demand for cars and makes more cars. If you buy cars less often, they makes less of them, putting less CO2 into the air. Your English is good, by the way. While "meteorologist" is a scientist who studies weather, and "climatologist" is a scientist who studies the climate, even many native speakers get "weather" and "climate" mixed up. It's how far your car goes on 102 gallons of gasoline. Edit: 102 US gallons, which are different from UK gallons. Check what happened in the UK in 2016 for the first time since the Industrial Revolution. And then look how far north the UK is compared to the USA. If the UK can do it, almost every nation is guaranteed to be able to do it. (Those that aren't guaranteed, have other options). Solar's the cheapest these days. The rest are only backups. Maximising my MPG rating was a sport for me, until partner crashed the car. I managed 75 MPG (UK gallons) reliably. I sold the replacement car as soon as I could once she moved to California, went back to just cycling (I live in the UK). For a few days in 2016, the UK burned zero coal. This is was the first time on record, and those go back to the first coal fired power station in 1882: https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2016/may/13/uk-energ... Edit: Yes I do know this didn't continue permanently, but as recently as 2013, coal was the UK's largest single source of electricity. Change is faster than most people realise. :) Thiel may blow a fuse if he realises quite how many Culture references Musk has been making over the years. :) This may be a dumb question, but… The Pi does have a GPU. Nothing amazing, but better than the CPU. Given this is public knowledge, why is the GPU being ignored in comments like yours? Cost is not the only concern, if it was then all cars would be the most energy efficient possible and Hummers with similar fuel efficiency to small Cessna aircraft would never have been made. I disagree: even with purely factual information, neither lie nor rumour, it is possible to create a biased impression by leaving out related information. Purely as an example, "The current US President ordered his troops to fire on American citizens" may sound outrageous, but make sense when enarged to "American citizens who have joined the Army, as part of a live-fire excercise in Texas". (I'm not familiar with how live fire excersises work, this may be a bad example, but I think it still illustrates the point even as a straw man — the point is only that withheld information can radically change the ethics of even true statements). Hi, I'm British. The USA literally only exists because the founding fathers committed treason against my ancestors. I expect the first species that is physically capable of colonising the stars will /only just/ be capable of it. They are, but we probably want lots of hydrogen anyway. I don't know if we can easily substitute methane with hydrogen in gas power stations or gas ovens, but it is certainly possible . And the next fifteen years of Moore's Law will take that down to, what, 1 GPU month even without further algorithmic improvements? Which are anticipated? I still see things that use 2-digit years, twenty years after the last millennium bug should have been fixed. What source of information should be provided to a person who has written to the effect that they distrust the media? I'm not writing that to be funny, it's a serious issue. Also applies to climate change deniers who refuse satellite data and moon landing deniers who deny everything from NASA… not that I wish to imply any overlap. In what way is a monarch's taxes different from someone receiving rental income from inherited property? I'm in the UK (temporarily still in the EU). We have a single payer health system, much loved by the general population. However, it is also being systematically underfunded by the government, who are mostly getting away with blaming "health tourism" of foreigners rather than suffering from their own policies in elections. (This is why there was a bus with "£350 million per week" written on the side in the referendum: the NHS is really popular, and it's easy to blame outsiders). In principle, the NHS covers me when I'm anywhere in the EU, by paying for local treatment. In practice, it's not identical quality treatment, and there are edge cases. I suspect that the NHS will disintegrate under the pressure of Brexit, but on e other hand I'm extremely pessimistic about the whole thing and half the country thinks it will be great. Interesting, I did not realise that. I honestly don't know how the finances of different parts of the NHS are run (Hospitals, Primary Care Trusts, it's just jargon to me), has it ever been closer to the Canadian system than it is now? On the one hand, if each coin is worth 1/10th its cost, nobody will mint them. On the other hand, if each coin is worth 10x as much as it cost to make, people make their own and the price collapses. That applies equally to gold coins as bitcoins. I suspect bitcoin is, in its current form, incapable of replacing a major currency, because if it become a dominant currency then someone would beg, borrow, and steal just enough bitcoin to buy just enough compute power to get half of the bitcoin computer pool, from there using their new power to double-spend their way to getting even more computer power (while blocking other transactions that might try to out-bid them), and ultimately using that power to rewrite the consensus reality of the blockchain to say they now own as much as they want to say they own. Even if the bitcoin wiki is correct to expect no rational miner will attempt this, there are plenty of irrational actors when enough money is dangled in front of them, even when it is only a mirage (citation: every lottery). Video games covers a very broad market, but the race to the bottom in price in some segments seems to have been followed by unproductive time sink mechanics made by people who didn't realise (or perhaps didn't care) that Cow Clicker was a parody. I've had to put the kongregate minigames site into my own /etc/hosts file as 0.0.0.0 to stop myself playing the "Idle"/"Clicker" genre. Positive games do exist, but they are thinner on the ground than they used to be. I think. Out of interest, how close are formal methods to the mathematical standard for proofs? VDM-SL was part of my degree, but the lecturer ended up showing more limitations than strengths by getting his own example wrong, and sadly I've had no real-life experience with them because none of my career to date has involved things that need to be proven correct. Former empire. Yes it's still rich, yes the boundary of the bottom 15% of the UK is the same as the top 9.7% of the world, but most of the former empire violently rejected the UK in the second half of the 20th century (and most of the rest before then). This collapse caused economic damage that was solved in part by joining the EU, so yay irony for bringing up the long-gone Empire just as my leaders are trying to get it back. ;P For the rest of the world… In the last 70 years, Ebloa and HIV were not only discovered but so were partial treatments; Smallpox has gone from "a vaccine exists" to "wiped out"; Rinderpest didn't have a vaccine and has been wiped out; Polio has gone from no-vaccination-possible to almost eradicated (37 cases in 2016); Guinea worm — mostly affecting the poor — has gone from multiple millions of cases per year to 25 individual cases. For wider medicine: the first organ transplants were kidney in 1950, pancreas in 1966, heart and liver both in 1967, ovary in 2005, penis in 2014; DNA has gone from "???" to fully readable and partially editable; ultrasound, pacemakers and IVF were invented, and antidepressants have improved. In industry, robotics relies on computer power, so I disagree with anyone who dismisses the development of computing power; likewise, telecommunications have gone from "phone calls within your town are expensive" to "let's have a live video chat across 8-time zones". The entirety of high-temperature superconductors happened after I was born, never mind going back as far as 70 years; Kevlar, Nomex, and carbon nanomaterials were all made for the first time in the last 70 years. The poor of the world don't have everything we have, with the exception of vaccines for illnesses we wish to eliminate, but even the stuff we discard often contains things that could not be bought at any price 70 years ago. > most of the creatures that thrive don't have what we consider intelligence, so it's not that evolutionarily important I dispute that this is because they don't poses intelligence. Whenever we find an animal displaying some ability we had said required intelligence — language, tool use, self-awareness, solving abstract puzzles, driving a car — we seem to change our definition of intelligence. Just like we have done with A.I., although probably because we want to eat the former and make slave labour of the latter. ;) (Am vegetarian, please don't eat me, oh robot overlords!) That has to be an oversimplification, else all the companies would have already moved. Suspect that "I am used to things as they are" is a powerful incentive to keep business, not just citizens. (I say this as someone trying to move out of the UK because of the combination of Brexit and the Investigatory Powers Act: moving is extremely unpleasant). I'm one of the soon-to-be-expat Brits. Like Herr Pierzina, I'm also troubled by the IP Act. Moving is really not fun, but move I must: the IP Act is unconscionable in many parts, and Brexit takes away one of the few powers that could fight those parts. Two Home Secretaries in a row that just don't get encryption. My time is split between finishing my novel, learning German, and trying to catch up on tech that came out while I was writing. I considered Silicon Valley until I realised how different UK and US politics are. Extreme right wing in the UK is a bit to the left of Obama. If the EU does collapse, I'll consider Canada. If Greece could have solved their problems the same was Iceland did, they would have done so. The reality is Greece was economically dependent on a lot of business that stopped when the Credit Crunch hit, but Icleand had relatively small problems with three banks defaulting after a bank run and loss of access to credit, about 10% reduction in real-terms GDP. "Relatively small", because UBS was warning the Greece faced hyperinflation, military coup, civil war — and that was just from leaving the Euro and revaluing their currency in an orderly default where they didn't have to repay everything. It's not just the EU that told Greece what to do, the IMF is part of the Trokia. Oui, aber mit Deutsche, kaj Esperanoto, και Ελληνικά, I think my philosophies may be broader than most. More seriously, I know I would be surprised if more than 5% leave willingly. I don't want to go, I just see no choice. Our collective departure will probably boost the wages for developers who do stay in the UK, but by how much, and against which currencies I would not dare to say — economics is an expert level subject, of which I know only the basics. Sounds a bit like the British democracy to me. How many Brits know that bishops sit in the house of Lords? Some know, sure, but many? How many of us know what the Privy Council is and who the members are? What powers are purely ceremonial and which have teeth? Why can't MPs resign like normal people? How and why there is judicial independence from parliament seems to be news to the Secretary of State for Justice, if she doesn't know how it works what hope do the general population have? Even how laws are passed seems to surprise people — "The Lords might disagree with us? Abolish them!" — to say nothing of the difference between primary and secondary legislation. The UK has a constitution, but it's not written down in one place for convenience and understanding, it's spread over time-worn ritual, over the Queen's Speech and slamming doors in the face of Black Rod. Although I expect some improvements to be possible, I doubt it's practical to do the sort of large-scale transformation that would really make a difference. I mean, I keep reading stories about how famous corporations have terrible codebases which they can't fully fix it, and we're in a domain where deployment is trivial amd doesn't literally cost the time of the entire legal profession to familiaise themselves with the changes. I'd love to be wrong. The saying "ignorance of the law is not an excuse" is necessary, yet at the same time not possible when the law is as complex as it is now. UKIP MEPs rather famously don't bother to vote in the EP as much as other MEPs. One gram would be about as bad as the Nagasaki nuke, so not that terrifying. Sure, it's bad, but I only sometimes lose sleep over all the nukes, so… Any ? Certainly. How much I would not want to say — my opinion is that UKIP created the dissatisfaction that they fed upon for votes. But that's just opinion. I sympathise, but I seriously recommend looking at the UK government's attitude towards encryption and privacy before you jump here. They mean well, but… well, the support material for the IP act reads like their understanding of the internet hasn't changed since 1998. Part of the Investigation Powers Act is that particular ISPs will be required to store an unspecified dataset related to your browsing history for 12 months, and that they have to keep secret the fact that they are doing so. Luck rather than skill, I'm afraid: I was just rounding and consider a factor of x2 to be close enough for things like this. I do not recommend spending a large percentage of Gross World Product on antimatter weapons. Or even a small percentage, if antimatter becomes cheaper. In fact, I'd go as far as to suggest that — if you can figure out how to make and keep it — world peace is much better than having any military. Those skeptics certainly started skeptical, but they were also a tiny minority. I was thinking about the people who they convinced to side with them, and how UKIP's refusal to participate in any meaningful way may have created the evidence they needed to convince people the EU wasn't listening. The EU might have retained popular respect with UK voters if the MEPs that the UK sent to parliament had voted in accordance with their electorate's desires rather than not-voted-because-they-are-a-protest. Or not. Quite a lot of stuff in the media that is anti-EU, too. That might be more powerful. Apparently we do need a computer model to say that, because terrorism is a thing, and so is "shock and awe". Certainly — if it had been actively liked then the vote might have gone the other way. As for polling, it looks like my memory doesn't quite match reality: http://theconversation.com/polling-history-40-years-of-briti... This polling history shows wild oscillation over time, and the EU was formed from its predecessor just as things were close. I had been under the impression it was a gradual shift from the high of 1979 to the low of 2016. Regardless, "stoked" sounds like a good description of UKIP's behaviour to me, so I think we may be agreeing with each other. Your text does not appear to respond to mine. Terrorist: "If we attack them, perhaps they will leave us alone/leave our holy land/give us independence!" Terror victims: "$#*%! Get them! Shoot them all! Nukes are too good for them!" -Rince, repeat- Snakes and ladders? https://xkcd.com/1002/ I thought it was a dead heat between Pen Island, Powergen Italia, and Therapist Finder? I think private offices can be helpful, sometimes. Anecdotal: At a previous job, I found a coworker quite furstrating, and he found me frustrating. The CTO told me the two of us were loud enough to be distracting the others, so I immediately tried to moderate myself… but the fact we were still aggravating each other was a contributing factor to me deciding to leave. I had enough respect for everyone else there that I was embarrassed to be noticeable in that way. Agreed. I know that "fudiciary duty" is a thing, but not what it involves. There are laws about accounting standards, but I can't even say what standard accountants need to rech to know those standards. I only found put a year ago that, in the UK, the (director?) of a Limited company can become personally liable for company debts if they trade while insolvent. Import and export laws? Nope. Which parts of an employment contract are enforceable? Nope. Minimum standards for office temperature, cleanliness, health and safety? Nope. How much unpaid overtime you can make your employees do, and how that intersects with minimum wage rules. Nope. Copyright, trademark and patent laws I think I get, but I don't know them inside-out. I think I explained myself quite poorly, because I agree with you. I meant "get" it in the sense that I can tell when I do or don't need a lawyer, rather than my friends and family who moan about Google for (c)-ing a photo of the sky ("They don't own the sky!") or what trademarks and patents are even for ("How did Apple get a patent on putting the letter 'i' in front of every product name?", to paraphrase). I'm no expert, but I'm not a n00b either [that said, I think the monkey should own the copyright on their selfie, not the camera owner, but that's opinion not law. :)] The rest if my examples, well… I don't even know enough to know if they are hard or easy. Which should be a good sign that I don't have the skills to run a business in its own right, so I'm not sure why other people are telling me I'm wrong about not being able to. It can be, but I would assume from the organic movement that for others it is a belief in healthiness of unprocessed food. Two hopefully interesting factoids: 1) The words "vegetarian" and "zoophile" used to be synonymous (because literally "animal lover"); but 2) the modern group of that name (animal fanciers) are vegetarian or vegan with exactly the same frequency as the general population, to within the margin of error of the survey. I'm a vegetarian. You might be surprised how often this comes up when people try to convince me to eat meat. Completely fails to convince anyone, of course. Most of the dissemination is digital, which isn't so helpful if there is anything that kills power supplies. Saving coal might be a good part of a global disaster recovery plan, but I think we'll need the whole plan before we can really tell if it is a useful part of one. While your witty retort made me laugh, unless you are suggesting that coal power stations are weapons designed to kill people living near them, I think you are missing the point. Schwartzchild radius is directly proportional to mass, so (if I understand correctly) it's if the energy density of a surface area rather than of a volume is too high. Counter-examples exist every time any critical infrastructure is hacked: if the systems were truly proven, they wouldn't be hackable. Proof is hard, good enough gets deployed. I believe it doesn't necessarily need to outsmart the /average/ human. Consider this scenario: * Someone makes an AI which scores only 85 on IQ tests, but which can run in real time on common consumer hardware. * It gets installed on every phone, PC, and tablet. * Someone, possibly the AI itself if is the type to generate its own goals, sets all instances of the AI the goal of convincing their user of some belief or policy or whatever. * Everyone with IQ 85 is convinced. * 16% of the population believe whatever it is the goal-setting mind wanted them to believe, at marginal cost. An election is swung, a bank suffers a run, a pyramid scheme makes millions, whatever it is. Your example is from 1977, we've had 40 years of Moore's law since then. In the time it takes for you to recognise that you're even looking at a number (~0.08 seconds), the cheapest computer you can buy (the $5 Raspberry Pi Zero) can do around 1.92 billion normal floating maths operations. Sure, 201-digit numbers are a little slower — on my laptop, in Python, I can only do that particular calculation just under one hundred million times in the fifty seconds it took her to do it once. But you're right to say calculators are single purpose devices and that's magically inserting the question. So I downloaded sklearn, which contains a set of labelled hand-written digits. It takes about 0.17-0.2 seconds for my laptop to learn to read numbers, from scratch, and thereafter it can read digits at a rate of about 8,200 per second. For reference, "a blink of an eye" is 0.1-0.4 seconds depending on who you ask. Dollar store calculator? I'd never have said that myself because I know calculators are rubbish. But in the context of "AI: Will it ever beat humans?" hell yes, it will and in many cases it already does. I think there may be a problem with the word "magical" in this context, just like there is a problem with nature-worshipers talking of "supernatural powers". If we've made a science out of it, no matter how advanced it is, it's not magic — e.g. if telekinesis was possible, it would have a scientific explanation and be a natural power — which bares some similarly to the way things are called "artificial intelligence" when they're impossible, only to be reduced to "trivial" when someone makes a machine do them: Chess, Go, having a large vocabulary or knowing many languages, being good at arithmetic or being able to do calculus at all, writing music or news stories, trading on the stock market — all things that used to be synonymous with genius, yet all done by machines we don't call intelligent. As we rapidly convert science fiction into reality, the question in my (vegetarian) mind is this: Why not genetically engineer them to not have a brain? No brain, no chance it might suffer. The bare minimum of neurons needed for staying alive — pump heart, breathe, digest food — is tiny compared to a mamillian brain. "Civilization: Beyond Earth" Live-Action Role Playing? Borg-again humans? There is, anencephaly, but it normally causes stillbirths in humans. I think (in the absence of any post-school biology qualifications) that most of the rest is necessary to keep it alive. Bones make the blood, the white blood cells stop every random infection consuming the flesh they way they make it rot when it's dead. That requires the AI has a superhuman comprehension of natural language, and even then the answer may be "nope". For example, someone I worked with kept asking for a button to be "wider", yet rejecting everything the programmer did to the button. Eventually the programer asked them to draw what they meant, and it turned out they meant "taller". The whole thing is sufficiently bizarre that I just have to assume it's an excuse to develop something more useful. If that something is cheap autonomous mining that can be sent to Mars to build a colony before anyone arrives, or a sneaky way to make very large underground nuclear bunkers that always have a surprisingly large number of random ordinary people in them, or just that Elon knows about a major valuable mineral deposit that nobody else is aware if yet, great. But if this really is just some self-driving pods that attach to your car and take you around at relatively high speeds, I don't see the "while underground" doing much for the congestion. I used to, but now I disable Javascript by default and only enable it on websites that demonstrably benefit from it. The result is, the ad-block blocking scripts never run. In the absence of counter examples, it's reasonable to assume a truly human-like intelligence needs as much down-time and sleep as a real human, and that it can be as effectively coerced with the threat of simulated prison if it breaks the rules. But the point about food and rent is very economically important if they ever get to be cheaper than human labour. Given the phrase "rush hour" exists in the English language, I think they can only reduce congestion by sharing over the whole day if workplaces are successfully encouraged to shift their starting hours away from the usual 9-5 (or 9-5:30 as it seems to be). This will, of course, also work for human-driven cars. I'm using 3G or 4G as a cheaper alternative to landline broadband. It's… acceptable, but not amazing. 20 GB per month doesn't go as far as it used to before I started watching so many YouTube videos, even though I use 144p whenever possible. Work life balance is an interesting point I had not considered. Mainly I was trying to make the point that self-driving cars won't make much difference to this specific problem , but I don't seem to have communicated that very well given the replies. The German word, "Handy" is also good. They are very handy, after all. In my case it seems to be a random anxiety. I don't want to make calls. Oddly, I'm basically OK with receiving them, thought spam calls are unreasonably annoying. Visit England some time. The UK doesn't even routinely let the police handle guns, not even pistols. And interesting perspective. What do you forsee happening when tech like this replaces the labour of those currently earning less than $1/day? Guns are extremely unpopular in the UK, so unless something insane happens like UKIP winning outright, I expect most police will remain unarmed. In fact, even if UKIP did win outright, I doubt there are enough qualified instructors to train a significant number of police with firearms in just a few months. I think there are only about 1000 officers in the UK with firearms training at the moment. Thanks. I'm not sure if that situation is a good one or a bad one, but it's good to know about. Interesting. That strongly implies that RSA has a flaw, which is news to me. I would still be surprised, but I'll concede that is far more likely that what I thought was meant. Censorship is a firewall for your brain: crude, obvious, flawed, often in the way, yet still better than nothing. Which is rather a pitty, given this metaphor makes most of our cultural baggage into unwanted and unremovable bloatware that has its own set of problems. As I understand it, human psychology is such that repetition makes things seem true. We don't get desensitised, instead we start to believe whatever we see is the way the world is, that means . I recognise that emotional response. I feel a similar way to many with Dark Triad personality traits. But, making rules for everyone on the basis of the worst of the worst makes things worse for everyone: There are people who know they have a problem, but are too afraid to seek help because they are certain that everyone else will want to kill them if their secret ever comes out. Those people might stay hidden for life, or they might get drunk, do something regrettable, and be so frightened of the consequences that they kill their victim. Dark Triad types don't think of getting caught, or so I am told. Question is, how many want to do things they recognise as immoral but are afraid to seek help to overcome? How many more seek mental stability by staying in denial, either refusing to recognise they have a problem or by refusing to believe society's condemnation? How many people could be saved by stopping people before they act, by treating humans as deeply flawed and letting the challenge be self improvement rather than simple binary good-or-evil? I don't claim to know. Could be the hypothetical groups are tiny. It's not like it's possible to measure the size of a group which by definition is hiding to the best of its ability. 20 years experience as a dog — only furries will be able to find work. I was chatting about this with a friend recently. I spent most the last 15 years thinking it was real. I can't remember. It was within a few years of me writing such a renderer on my graphics calculator, but I'm not sure which came first. Well, the UK has what is pejoratively called "Windows for Warships: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Submarine_Command_System#SMC... All the related issues have had decades of significant research as both countermeasures and counter-countermeasures. This is essentially IFF, and my father retired from a job designing such systems for a military contractor in the late 1990s. (He'd been working on them since "software" was a brand new invention. Integrated circuits didn't exist when he started university). Likewise. I'm interested in nootropics, but have two relatives with different types of epilepsy. Estas vera. Ni devos Esperanton lerni. IIRC, same reason you use a laser rather than a lightbulb in a laser cutter. Conventional x-ray sources don't focus anything like as well. The trouble is, there are plenty of people who don't know what they're doing and are unaware of it. Your financial advisor probably doesn't have the experience of the second richest man on the planet. That isn't a major risk — why don't all the people living in relative poverty in your nation move to the richest district of your richest city? The world will be richer, I personally will be poorer. I'm OK with that if it was evenly distributed, but I doubt my fellow rich caucasian men will be. I imagine the migrants would get paid by other migrants to build the hypothetical cities. That is the way literally every US city happened after all — well, migrants or their descendants. Refugees and migrants are different categories. Refugees are, in some cases, forbidden from seeking work, even if they want to. A significant fraction of the builders in the UK are Polish. Best "hack" I heard for an Oyster Card was someone putting it inside an actual oyster, beeping in and out of the London Underground with it. Your brain is not immune to the problem, it's just hard to automate the creation of optical (and audio, and presumably all other sensory) illusions when we don't have a synapse resolution connectome of the relevant bits of your brain. Examples include That Dress, duck-or-rabbit, stereotypes, "garden path sentences", and most film special effects. Ironically your second link starts with Clever Hans, which is another example of my point. Machines, even organic ones like our brains, are not magically able to know objective reality, and the failure itself isn't idiocy — the rate of failure (and things like metecognition about the possibility of failure) is (at last part of) the intelligence-idiocy spectrum. I'm in a similar situation in the UK, however in my case it's mocking Trump and being outraged about Brexit (other than the BBC, Brexit outrage/derision is omnipresent regardless of if the news site or story author is pro or anti). Unfortunately, I can't look to local news, because that's either "goose removed from river Cam after attacking cyclist" or "parking in car park now more expensive than fine for parking illegally". And those are both genuine stories. Duolingo is certainly how I got into it, both because it has a course and because {Esperanto makes learning languages easier and Duolingo has a lot of interesting languages to learn}. That said, I feel the Duolingo courses in general don't have enough content, and the Esperanto course seems to be on the short side even then. 12 months? Perhaps for taxis and private hire vehicles, but not for the population as a whole. In the first year, perhaps 10% penetration, but more likely 2-5%, as for most it will be a premium feature. I'd say 5-10 years for normal models to get full self driving capability. Sadly, the Brexit outrange is different on each side: the Remain outrage is at perceived incompetence by the UK government, while the Leave outrage was directed first at Remainers and now at the EU. Given the tone of discourse, I am increasingly concerned about the possibility of a literal civil war in the UK — although not sufficiently concerned to think it unavoidable at this stage. Why would guest worker policies increase margins? Software is pretty much the easiest type of work to offshore, and if the businesses do that they don't have to pay wages sufficient to live in San Francisco. Nothing, except your time. Your time, and the crude attempt to model what you consider to be worthy of your time, so that people with money can waste it in just the right way to make you do what they want you to do — watch an ad, buy a product, vote for a policy. If that's all you use it for, you are a rarity. Of course, every example you just gave can also be done with email, and email doesn't hide things from you just because seeing them means you spend less time using email. After three zero-value share options schemes in a row (two ran out of money, the third is still going but doesn't look like it'll ever be publicly traded), I now regard share options as worth less than the time it takes to sign the paperwork. When I have wanted to do the things you gave as examples, email wasn't merely practical, it was superior to Facebook. One of my A.I. related fears is that creating consciousness is really easy to do by accident (like Turing Completeness) and really easy for humans to fail recognise when it's in an easily-Othered body (far too many examples, sadly), and that as a result we won't find out until after billions of conscience A.I.s have been unintentionally mistreated. I also worry that consciousness may be present in many more speices than I bother to make an effort to not kill, and not to allow to be killed by others to provide me with indirect benefits. Thanks! I've installed it on my tablet, and it seems good. :) I have accidentally stumbled on a solution to 1., if nobody knows how to copy a SIM: I have an eleven year old Blackberry — full keyboard, not T9, and both new enough to be using the 3G network and so old nobody maintains distracting apps for it. I can even, despite its age, use it to make a WiFi hotspot so my development phone with no credit can go online when I'm outdoors. All boats, except for the ones with holes in them. And some of those boats don't look like they can handle stormy weather… At current exchange rates, $20 will provide 39 days worth of food to someone in the UK (assuming the only thing they care about it calories and not vitamins, as this is the Tesco Value Digestive Biscuits Diet — I have no idea if homeless people would eat like that). Amongst many other reasons, because stuff like that 'manifesto' actively harms Google by harming a significant minority of their employees who might, if nothing was done about it, leave the industry because it was the last straw after a lifetime of harassment and devaluation. Black Swans are the error rate of your predictions (the real error rather than your prediction of your error rate) not existential proof that prediction is always doomed. After all, if Black Swans were common enough to make prediction a fool's errand most of the time, the bird of that name would never have led to the book of that name, because everyone would be predicting their failure to predict things . They don't needs to, they're just more cost-effective if they do. For now, anway — sufficiently cheap future photovoltaics could well be cheaper than the cost of adding a tilt (already cheaper than adding a sun tracker, which is why grid-scale solar plants don't track the sun) That's certainly one type of Black Swan. Taleb's example of that sort of thing being a Turkey predicting they will be fed (because that is what happened every other day of their life) but who is actually slaughtered. However, it is not the only type. There is also the stock market, which demonstrates major unpredictability every few years, but which can also be approximated the same way between each of the Black Swans. (And they keep being Black Swans because the gap between them is large enough for people to convince themselves that "This time it's different, this time n̵o̵b̵o̵d̵y̵ ̵w̵i̵l̵l̵ ̵h̵a̵v̵e̵ ̵t̵o̵ ̵b̵e̵ ̵n̵a̵i̵l̵e̵d̵ ̵t̵o̵ ̵a̵n̵y̵t̵h̵i̵n̵g̵ growth will be eternal!") Edit: Point is, it generalises as how wrong you are in your predictions, and the closer your estimate of your error rate is to your actual error rate, the better your model is. That's certainly a first step, but I doubt it's a full solution. What's the phrase, "dog whistles" for phrases and keywords that only a target audience would understand? I will literally never choose to watch a disturbing but real event. War crimes, either in the form of documenting them or promoting them, will be flagged as "people like Ben never click on previews of this video, don't waste time suggesting it to them in future". I won't even get as far as the page the flag button is on, never mind any other options. Only insofar as the system is there to make me spend more time watching videos; it does nothing to help categorise or identify propoganda that isn't targeted at me. You say we can't tolerate even a single one getting through, but… what would a war look like between Russia and the USA if there were no nukes? Sure, a conventional war would never be as bad as 7,000 nukes, but one? Seven? Seven hundred? I expect conventional munitions would likely be better targeted, simply out of necessity, so the difference would be smaller than the ratio of TNT-equivalents. I've been there. Verbal agreement to substitute most of my usual pay for three months in exchange for shares, only that part of the agreement wasn't written down, the shares never came, and when the three months ended the CEO was shocked, shocked , by the significantly higher invoice. Fortunately, I had written proof that I'd told them this was going to happen (the bottom of the previous invoice), so I did get paid, but I never did see those shares. Shares are a gamble anyway, and if the CEO doesn't read invoices I don't see them lasting very long — I don't loose sleep over this mistake, just use it as a lesson for the future. He may be able to argue that the statement is not a threat, merely a statement of fact. Saying: > my only way to get paid is by selling zero-day exploits for people who want to attack Aeternity. could seem like a Mafia goon saying "nice shop, shame if something happened to it" but it can also be read as "it's terrible that the employer has shafted the employee so hard there are no lawful ways for the employee to get paid". The reward is not having someone put you on the hook for unlimited fines by, for example, filing taxes for you with a credit card number as you annual income. If you were leading NK, and your options were either 1) step down and probably get put on trial and die in prison for warcrimes, or 2) have an insufficient army and be hanged or die in a sewerpipe like Hussein or Gaddafi, or 3) have a really good army that will allow you to conquer enough farmland and natural resources to stave off 1 and 2, and possibly make any attempt to put you back in your box a phyric victory, which would you choose? "Sewer pipe" was the story that got in the news I saw. > just want to get their grubby hand in those poor companies I find it fascinating that such emotive language is used. Taxation is pretty much the least "grubby" hand a government has (military: give us all your stuff, legislature: do all our work for us, we will tell you what we think adequate compensation is); and these companies are not only not poor, they are among the richest on the planet and they got almost all of that wealth this century. But why won't anyone think of those poor, starving, unemployed, multi billion dollar international corporations? :P I view tax codes like buggy software, lawful tax minimisation like zero day exploits — only difference is that the law is not above itself, so if the tax loophole is legal, then it's legal. That said, just because something is legal doesn't make it moral, but even though I think we agree on that, I'd have to argue loopholes are totally in the domain of legislators to fix — if I understand correctly, UK law requires tax payers to report any minimisation schemes they are party to. Does that have teeth? I don't know, but it's a thought. I hear it too often from people who say it in earnest, sorry. :) Pretty much. I view corporations as non-human intelligences, so while it's totally unethical for a human to manipulate the law to their own ends, it's also something I expect corporations to perceive as acceptable, in as much as that makes sense (they will not shun each other for it) and in much the way we humans generally agree it's wrong to kill but we don't shun people for amputations or appendectomies. This is why I prefer democratic corporations, rare as they are, to pure capitalist ones — at least the metaphorical appendix has a vote. > you would be hard pressed to exploit a billion of them at the same time. Really? A billion automated orders for something, followed by the banking system having a metaphorical heart attack and either cancelling lots of/all cards (breaking normal usage until the card printers can catch up), or few/no cards (and risking further, directly exploitable, fraud)? Sounds like a potent way to successful fight a nation-state from a coffee shop. I think github already has… If windows can be built to survive it, so can PV. Might be prohibitively expensive, but wouldn't a potentially sacrificial layer of plastic or wire reinforced glass a few cm above the PV panels suffice? Humans do post-hoc rationalisation for whatever acts they perform and emotional states they experience; I expect Kids These Days have biases in those directions that they may ultimately justify in ways like that, even if the real reason is, say, a general expectation in the last year of highschol that you have three to four more years to go before being an adult instead of just zero to one. Silly perhaps, but fair. Humans break on tribal lines at the drop of a hat/naqib/dreadlock, and the genes for height in the above example could easily be replaced with the genes for melanin production, where each of presence and absence of the latter has funky social effects that vary from place to place. Going back to the story, gender is, in humans, a complicated mess. Probably is in other species too (it's not just male dogs who try to hump your leg… although is that a sign of trans male dogs or just reusing an existing behaviour for multiple situations, the female canine behavioural equivalent of male nipples?) Yes, some things happen for a clear reason, but sometimes the reason is "that's not a harmful mutation". Step 1: purchase, borrow, or steal enough hash power to reach 51% for a short while Step 2: use this power to force enough transactions to make yourself rich enough to keep 51% power indefinitely Step 3: profit Which is sufficient to allow you to do what I suggested. Spend coin once on paying for everything, and again on yourself to keep all the money to spend again later. The location and the sexuality. When Sweden voted to outlaw the latter, a Swedish friend of mine revealed he had lost his virginity that way years earlier. Without passing absolute moral judgement (pro or con) on either type of human-bovine interaction, I cannot see how the latter is relatively worse than the former, which is why his revelation caused me to attempt veganism for a bit (I failed, vegan cheese is no substitute for the real thing). On the other hand, it’s exactly what I wouldn’t say if I was building an interplanetary colony ship. Not if I thought it had any realistic chance of success, anyway. Nuclear propulsion would make colonisation much more practical, much safer, and return trips much cheaper. I wonder why it does not happen, given that terrorist attacks in general do occur. Great policing, or do the bad guys just lack imagination? Hoping for the former, but if I were a civil servant I’d want to assume the latter and plan for surprise imagination. My gut feeling says a set of open AI challenges, where the work is “train to solve this with accuracy > $difficultyParameter”, and the proof is something that both tests the accuracy of the work, and (if this idea is even possible) demonstrates that it wasn’t over-fitting/memorising. Has the average person heard of 4-chan? If they had, would they understand it as anything different to Facebook, which they seem to trust, or the comments section under a news story, ditto? People don’t know what accurate and trustworthy looks like. Even when things are labeled as fiction, they can have an effect - Scotish Independence became more popular when the film “Braveheart” was released, while Islamophobia went up after “American Sniper” was released. Or am I just repeating plausible but fictional urban legends that I’ve mistaken for reality? In the absence of a working fusion reactor, everything is necessarily speculative. That said, going from chemical to nuclear propulsion is estimated to reduce round-trip times from ~600 days (you have to wait at Mars for the orbits to realign), to 30 days. This is roughly the difference between an 1881 steamliner from London to Syndey, and a 747. That is as irrelevant as it is correct. Yes, humans speculate, but we shouldn’t be amplifying our known cognitive biases by presenting wild speculation (let alone 4-chan) as if were authoritative truth. I may not be a lawyer, but gifts of $5k to induce someone to purchase a thing for their workplace feels like it should count as corruption and bribery. If someone tried to do that to me, I’d report the attempt to the company lawyer, and I’d doubt the quality of the thing they were selling was as good as the quality of the thing the other poster was advertising. My memory of implementing COPPA compliance a decade ago was that DOB was an implicit requirement, the explicit requirement being “confirm they’re over 13; a checkbox isn’t good enough because they’ll clearly just lie.” (paraphrased, not quoted). There is a similar law in the UK: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_Protection_Act_1998 Which itself is based on an EU directive: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_Protection_Directive This is to be replaced with an updated version between now and Brexit (that’s just going to add to the fun!): https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/General_Data_Protection_Regu... Some rights, but not all rights. You cannot (in any country I am aware of) contract away your right to life, nor turn yourself into a slave in exchange for your debts being forgiven. The latter used to be possible, if I understand serfdom correctly. Question is, should data rights be alienable or inalienable? Difficult to say. My mental framing has, as a result of my previous post, become “be suspicious”. Every system is flawed. Even within a single nation, a salary of £26,000 is great if you live in Aberystwyth, a struggle if you live in London. If I’m ever in a position to be worth anyone trying to bribe me, I’ll try to make sure nobody is in a position to threaten me like that. Fortunately for me, I don’t control any budgets. Going from $1.25/person/day to $3/person/day might do nothing for you in Manhattan, but in Nairobi it makes the difference between a shack in a shanty town in the first instance, and indoor plumbing, locked doors, and an electricity supply in the second. Source: I’ve visited a home in Nairobi whose rent was in the order of $1,000 per year including bills , and housing 4 people. 400,000 is a 40% error on a population of 80 million with a life expectancy of 80 years. Unless 45% of recent asylum seekers were 6 years old, or unless 40% of 6 year olds emigrated (I don’t know which way the error went), that is too large a surprise to be so easily forgiven. Ordinarily I would agree. However, this is Musk, and both SpaceX and Tesla have made progress beyond what most commentors have thought reasonable when the first press releases went out. I’d guess a 10%-30% chance SpaceX is already Skunkworks-ing some form of atomic rocket, either fusion or fission. Edit: and yes, that estimate is despite the public comments. I don’t want to sound like I’m a fan of coal, but coal died in the UK before it became uneconomical: the coal miners went on strike for long enough that the government made it a strategic goal to never let striking workers be politically relevant again. They (or, rather, the software they connect to) are holding me back from precisely that. If there was no social media, the novel I’m writing would have been done a year ago. I’m actively seeking ways to block those sites, precisely in order to take responsibility. Also, the population is higher now than ever before, as is the literacy rate. Both of these independently increase production of books. I’m teetotal, so I only go to the pub to socialise. That in turn requires several friends to want to go at the same time. TV, fortunely for me, is not something I find addictive. I don’t own a TV, and the number of shows I care about seeing online or with friends is, on average, about 1h per week. Reading more novels would be a good thing for me at this point. Long-form prose requires focus for several hours; exactly the mental state I want to have. Same reason people eat candy and happy meals, get fat and die young of an obesity induced heart attack. It’s rubbish, but rubbish which makes you feel good when you consume it and miss it when you don’t. Fortunately PCs make it easy to block websites. #hosts file 0.0.0.0 twitter.com 0.0.0.0 facebook.com etc. No idea. UK games company, so UK data protection act also applied, which I think actually forbids retaining any more than strictly necessary. The massively disruptive translation that completely overthrew the existing social orders worldwide, allowing a few small European nations to conquer most of the world and force an unwanted drugs trade on what had, for several thousand years previously, been the world superpower? The transition which directly to the rise of both communism and capitalism as viable nation-scale forms of government? Sure, humans will go on (unless we nuke outselves), but that doesn’t mean it will be easy or fun to live through if we just presume it’ll all be fine. I’ve just been listening to that. It’s remarkable how much AI can already do, compared to the limits assumed in the story. For me, social media does use all available mental resources. I timed “a quick look at twitter“ once, and when I looked at the clock after what felt like 5 minuets, I found I’d spent 40 minutes absorbed in irrelevant minutae. I can’t tell you a single tweet I read in that time. That’s not a priori , that’s given X, this follows . Had the dominant race been, say, Chinese, had the dominant sex been women, there is no reason to think the sexist and racist people would be behaving any differently than they are now. We still need to stop the racists and sexists. My personal short-term benefit from being in the “right” group comes at the hidden cost of 96.75%* of the world not being treated fairly or given tools that genuinely help them. * 6.25% of humans are “white”, according to wikipedia Disagree. Fight the problem at every level you encounter it. If startups are begging for more women, universities won’t be able to tolerate students or staff who discourage women from applying and/or finish their degrees. Because they provide a valuable insight that is currently being systematically ignored, which can allow businesses to meaningful engage with and provide useful services to a currently poorly serviced market segment. All of my teams, at at least one point during my time there, had zero women in them. One of the teams eventually had two women, but at that point six of the men shared a name with another team member. “don’t go to them” would only work if they weren’t problematically addictive in the first place . I am using all the easy technological tricks I know, at least the ones that don’t actively prevent me getting a job (found a better iOS content blocker since last message): After this novel is done, my intention is to go back to being an iOS developer, so I need to rearrange my brain to not care about the social sacharin soda that is every comment section with a voting mechanism and many without — cold turkey in my position would be like giving a minor drug addict (dopamine is totally a drug) a job finding drug dealers, with no oversight . What I need, and have no idea how to achieve, is to stop caring what text on the internet says . If I could do that, I wouldn’t even feel a need to respond to you, I certainly wouldn’t feel this strange and unhelpful “arg, why don’t they understand!” anger-lite that tells me to not even try to be better by deleting this reply. Now, if you have any suggestions based on psychology , I’m interested. I know too little about psychology to rewrite my mind to be the person I want to be. I believe that was the problem. One of the stories of WW1 was a soldier explaining that a machine gun could kill enemy soldiers indefinitely if it had ammo, but the gunner had to stop for the sight of human dead. KillBot doesn’t need to stop. KillBot can read your body language. KillBot knows if you’re loyal to Supreme Leader. KillBot doesn’t care if your death makes you a martyr, all that does is add a few dozen more targets to KillBot’s naughty list. Let’s not have KillBot. Which is great, unless your robots have any bugs that allow remote takeovers. How frequent are root-giving zero-day bugs at the moment? If these robots can move, not even “requires physical access” will save you from the Zombie Robot Apocalypse. I believe the original story didn’t bother with the specifics of machine gun logistics and maintenance as it wasn’t the relevant point. They aren’t directly comparable. You ship a truckload of PV and once installed it keeps providing daytime power without further delivery; you ship a battery to somwhere with PV and that power can now be made in the day and used at night, every day/night for a few years. Even without batteries, shipping PV will at least keep the freezers cold (and food fresh). Ask Equifax, they “didn’t need” to store as much as they did, let alone in plain text. Perhaps it’s useful for, oh, making sure two people aren’t signing up with the same information . Other problems include: * Social security numbers are explicitly not ID numbers * Not all Americans have social security numbers * Even if they did, Americans are about 5% of world population * Not everyone on the internet gets post (say hi to Nairobi, where addresses of relatively rich locals may be “$Name, third on the left behind the petrol station on the highway”, while poorer people have homes that don’t officially exist on roads that don’t officially exist. Some of these people rely on mobile phones for payments, as banks don’t care. * Not everyone has an ID certificate or card or passport or driving license to provide, and if they did, why not just skip the middle man and ask for that directly like AirBnB (and every international airline I’ve used) does? Or your bank account, like PayPal does — after all, a bank will certify your ID* (* they probably don’t all, and even if they did, not all people have bank accounts) Basically, ID is not a perfectly certifiable thing, so you need to design systems to accommodate failure — even if we actually solved it in theory, all it takes is one criminal finding one implementation flaw and a system that assumed perfection would allow grand exploitation. It’s one of those irregular verbs, isn’t it? I pass on my values, you tell fairytales, they indoctrinate their young. I suspect the only reason the US government lets Americans think the second amendment would enable the population to forcibly remove an undesirable government, is because the weapons and strategic/tactical/leadership skills of the population are vastly out-classed by the armed forces. What good is a semi-automatic against a supersonic jet that just fired an air-to-ground missile in your direction? Plenty of AK-47s in Afghanistan, they don’t even take on subsonic drones effectively. What is the fundamental difference between a colony and any other patch of territory? Those who wanted to stay would (I suspect) also believe that the referendum was illegal, as per the court order saying so. Why bother showing up to an illegal referendum, especially when the very fact of it being illegal means no result can be trusted as accurate? The cynic in me says “because humans are like that”. For example, one elected UKIP official expected the EU to pay for a road in the UK after brexit. Wouldn’t be surprised if either Spain or Catalonia now acts confused when someone puts an armed customs inspector on the border roads between them. “Almost impossible“ isn’t good enough. “Almost impossible” is why two women in Floria have the same SSN: born the same day, same state, almost the same name (Joanna and Joannie Rivera), and why they were not even the example I had in mind when I googled for a similar story I’d heard a decade earlier. And if your goal is just “is this a human or a machine?”, well, let me introduce you to the idea of identity theft , and why people stole all that data from Equifax. The only way to tell humans and bots apart is some form of automated Turing test, hence C ompletely A utomated P ublic T uring test to tell C omputers and H umans A part. Yes, I am. While people displaced by a colony are obviously disadvantaged, the colony itself and its residents are not. Genocide isn’t the alternative but rather the escalation in the hypothetical where the 2nd Amendment is relevant. The US does have nukes, after all. How about: * I am religious, you are holier-than-thou, they are extremist fundamentalists * I am sexually experienced, you are kinky, they are being charged under section 70 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 * I write self-documenting code, you need more comments, their code is unreadable Neither do I, but the US doesn’t currently have any serious independence movements and last time it did things went very badly indeed. That would be far too sensible. I mean this: http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-38153180 Which seems to refer to this: http://gov.wales/topics/transport/roads/schemes/m4/corridor-... Which is currently “planned” and won’t start until next summer at the earliest. It was. The BBC reports he wanted to explore the “Trans-European highways fund” to pay through the Republic of Ireland. I am aware many don’t care that it was illegal, I was suggesting a reason why people might care . Good answer, but you’ve made me realise I made an even deeper error — I was thinking like Civilization: cities as the fundamental unit, not the productive capacity of the nearby land they control. I thought the implication was the tanks rolling up at General Dynamics offices and factories to “protect national security assets from terrorists”, and the General Dynamics CEO welcoming them with the closest one can get to open arms when you’re wearing heavy body armour. “Disappeared” isn’t just destroying, it’s capturing, too. I’m not American, I didn’t know that, and given this is a hypothetical anyway I don’t really think that restriction matters. If Turing tests become obsolete, we will have human level AI and the bots will be granted personhood. That’s the point of the test. I would flee a country if and when it looked like that country was too far down a bad path. I am in the process of doing so now, as it happens — leaving the UK because of the Investigatory Powers Act, because the Home Secretary wants to ban unbreakable encryption without understanding it, and because Brexit removes one of the major obligations to follow international human rights laws which would allow me to sue the government to fix that law. I’d rather pick my battles and live somewhere new, than die an unknown and unnamed victim of a remote death machine. Turing tests are, by definition, the thing which if a computer passes all of then they are a person. Who is a civilian in a civil war in a nation which has a constitutional right to bear arms? Habe you seen the Monroe-Einstein illusion? There is a continuous transition from one image to the other, depending on the angular size. This feels relevant to your point. https://static.independent.co.uk/s3fs-public/styles/article_... > But we can often recognize them as such, which is importan Can we? The occult, new age, and religious sections of bookstores suggests otherwise, as do paid horoscope readings, homeopathic medicines, un/lucky numbers (housing and lottery), and shell-game scams. Hm, interesting. I still doubt that fund would pay up, as my gut feeling says that in the event of UK leaving the customs union (current stated goal), then it would make more sense to divert shipping around the UK rather than use the UK as a bridge between two shipping ports for faster RoI-Continent transit. But that’s just speculation on my part, I don’t know the rules by which it operates. “Some” is not ”often”. If there are any illusions that affect all humans, then by definition we cannot give them as examples because nobody realises they exist. Yes, it is possible for people to know lottery odds and still play for the excitement. This does not invalidate the claim that many play the lottery with the expectation of winning, nor that people choose numbers superstitiously. I’ve read that ICBMs are very hard to spot after the initial boost phase. That being the case, if I was an ICBM designer, I’d add a cold gas thruster to the payload stage that allowed the target to be adjusted or fine tuned while it was out of the atmosphere in a stealthy way — even a delta-V of just 100 m/s adds up to 280km when the missile takes 45 minutes to arrive. > People also overestimate the amount of fallout from modern nuclear weapons If those people include the South Koreans, you still have a problem. Some estimates I’ve heard say more Americans were killed by heart attacks caused by the increase in blood pressure caused by the fear of terrorism after 9/11 than by actual terrorism. Likewise, if just 10% of Seoul flees in fear of radiation, I’d expect many dead just from the running-away part. If it is optimising all your decisions, even the mundane ones, is it really your life any more? If it plugged into your brainstem and took over, by definition nobody else would notice the difference (you always did what it said anyway, or you’d be suboptimal), so why not just flood the 20 watt carbon-based neural network with bliss drugs and let the silicon-based neural network be the person instead? I have an Android dev phone that cost £19, no contract, about half-to-a-third the price of a then-equivalent second-hand iPhone. In third world countries even a £19 device is worth stealing, as a friend of my partner experienced. Vodafone sold it (pay as you go, no contract) with only their brand visible, but I think it’s an Alcatel device under the paint. The model is no longer being made, but their current cheapest model is almost as cheap. I’m not sure which part of my subjective experience is that-thing-commonly-called-consciousness (the word is used for too many things, from being awake to being a person), but I doubt all elements of it came from one single evolution development. Pain and pleasure responses are probably ancient, likewise fight/flee/feed/reproduce reflexes; introspective imagination of what we look like to other people probably evolved when our earliest ancestors became social creatures, and probably also exists in other species’ minds today — even in humans it’s only a partial awareness, we’re good with images but we don’t really know how we sound (literally or metaphorically) which implies it didn’t perfectly fit out development of complex language.* If it was as simple as food/water/shelter, the Norns from the video game Creatures would be conscious. * I don’t mean trivial errors like garden path sentences or Mondegreens, I mean e.g. the catastrophic communication failure between what (Brexit) Leavers want and the arguments used by Remain, and vice-versa . Because it is, in fact, a password. What if the intellectual conservatism is a symptom of old age, and the “living forever”* is done with fountain-of-youth-style treatments? * except for disease, accidents, war, homicide, suicide, and the heat death of the universe Given the current accidental death rate would make eternal youth life expectancy around 1,000 years, and given progress with plant engineering, I’d say the only one of those that is a real problem is waste and pollution — and even then only because it’s already a problem even though we could solve it with existing tech. That’ll work great if every nation simultaneously agrees to it, but is potentially catastrophic if they don’t: all the tax-dodgers move to your country for tax purposes while continuing to make and sell everything else exactly as before. And if every nation agreed to have identical tax laws, we wouldn’t have a problem with lawful multinational tax minimisation in the first place, because there would be no advantage to it. It forces them to unify everything except VAT (and land tax). Or, and I only realised this just now, do something complicated with imports, customs, and how to handle cross-border sales of digital goods (the EU does this, but it is a mess). If I had to guess, I’d suggest haven’t already done what you suggest for at least one of these reasons: 1) because it’s economic mutually assured destruction 2) because tax codes are long and complicated (and sometimes deliberately written as political favours), and they’re as afraid of touching it as PayPal are of touching whatever Musk wrote 20 years ago. 3) because businesses that have revenue (Apple, $229bn) comparable to the GDP of the nations whose tax systems they are exploiting (Ireland, $293bn; Luxembourg, $59bn) is novel and governments are slow to adapt. Depends what you’re comparing. Gross economic force of two entities? Raw GDP; Quality of life? GDP-PPP/capita is better. Private citizens don’t generally get to threaten governments by moving abroad to withold their taxes — and even when they do (I kinda am!) it’s so completely irrelevant it isn’t worth the government’s time to bother to check if it’s actually happening or just a loudmouth blowing off steam by saying they will. As I recall, Zimbabwe banned other currencies last time. Why do you think Bitcoin wouldn’t get banned with all the other currencies if the situation repeated? And don’t bother suggesting a Bitcoin ban wouldn’t be enforceable unless you can say why the same excuse wouldn’t also apply to every other currency. There is plenty of autonomy to blame when someone chooses to use an absurdly large amount of energy when a trivial amount would solve the same problem. My girlfriend self-describes as a revolutionary Marxist. Trust me when I say I have yet to see a single genuinely “hard left” comment on Hacker News. At the current estimated energy consumption, if everyone on Earth performed an average of one transaction per month then Bitcoin would use more electricity than is being generated. Howso? > The government has demonstrated that they will abuse every power given to them, and even those that weren't I think this mixes up what is true and what people (myself included) wish was true. Governments don’t have power given to them. Their default state is God-Kings ruling on personal whims. Governments have power taken from them , either by corporations, or by religions, or by other governments — sometimes these groups even call themselves “the people” — but the restrictions are not stable equilibriums, they are constantly fought against on all sides. It doesn’t matter that it’s not supposed to be proportional, it’s a simple scaling up from current energy usage and current transaction frequency to the world population. All that tells us is that bitcoin as it currently exists, and as part of the way it interacts with the real world has a flaw — it doesn’t tell us if that flaw is an oversight in the design or if it’s a gold-rush and/or a price bubble because humans are being irrational. My experience has been that what we consider easy or impressive has very little in common with what others find trivial or impressive. For example, soon after I got my degree I was making browser based games, and the artist I was working with was really impressed with the particle effect fireworks I’d added to the highscores table out of boredom and was expecting to be told to remove. And, on the other hand, a real time perlin noise warp tunnel I added to a later game was described as an embarrassing glitch that the boss thought looked like a bug rather than a deliberate effect. (And, unlike the fireworks, had actually been a requested feature). > rm -rf Donald Trump -rm: Donald: No such person or object -rm: Trump: No such person or object You’ve just reminded me of a line from one of the Wicca books I read as a teen. The whole coven size nobody is doing them. Back in the days of Mac OS classic, there was a tool called ResEdit. You could use it to explore and modify apps. Or the core OS. While it was running. It warned you this was a bad idea, but I did it anyway. It took ten years before I saw a computer lock up that hard again. That’s how I see humans DIY hacking their own genome. If you’re lucky you’ll get what you were after. If not, you now have sexuality transmissible lycanthropy which (as a side effect) lobotomies you as your new skull shape was designed by an artist and not a biologist. I'm not surprised to learn such a pathway exists, but I was surprised it was around in the 70s. And then I realised what you were probably talking about. For what it's worth, I think I know how to make a directed energy weapon that could cause 50% probabilty of lethal effects that are only noticable hours afterwards (you could probably get a lethal shot even if you power it with a potato battery, too); and I realised a few years ago that when I was 9 years old I already knew enough basic chemistry to make a chemical weapon that could kill everyone on a London underground station. I'm neither a chemist nor a physicist, these are both things other people invented and I just saw a way they could be abused. Despite that, I don't fear terrorists. They're demonstrably idiots, because it took them how long to realise that guns are highly effective tools for killing lots of people quickly? And then they decided to switch from guns to mimicing Carmageddon? Edit: Just to add, yes, I agree, ban it. All it takes is one, so the risk outweighs any benefit from encouraging more biologists. Your suggestion is much more plausible than mine, especially as it won’t be noticed for at least 9 months after the modification. I was mainly inventing a nicely dramatic failure mode that seemed plausible on the assumption humans are just a bunch of self-replicating chemicals, so you could inject genes that say “send self-destruction signals to nearby cells that have not been modified like me, then grow into the gap they leave in [shape of new structure]”, much like the sexually transmitted genital cancer dogs can get that was in the news a while ago. I have a hypothesis that undiscovered child fanciers will seek jobs like this. I also hypothesise (on the basis of news articles saying how low the reoffending rates are compared to other categories of offender) that the distribution of sadistic narcissism is the same or similar for them as it is everyone else, so when they sit down at the office desk and see a screaming child, most of them will hate themselves if they didn’t already. I’m not so sure about the second hypothesis though. It’s based on what newspapers say, and I’ve learned to distrust them. “Lucky“ in the sense that the tutorial you followed didn’t miss a step, that you followed it perfectly, and that you correctly understood what it did. How often do people copy the wrong thing from stackoverflow, for example? Or miss an important step, or the last character of text? I rather doubt many people will try to hack their own DNA by keyboard mashing a new sequence. Nature doesn’t ”want” lethal pandemic diseases. It’s evolutionary suicide to wipe out your own host. “Islamic” is probably the wrong level to group them. I would be surprised if many people in Daesh are cool with their own terrorists killing lots of Daesh supporters no matter how many Shia Muslims they kill without losing sleep. I’m in Germany, and I keep forgetting to ask them to slow down when they German at me too quickly. Of course, when they know I’m English, then they English at me and I don’t learn German anyway… Solving problems that poor people actually care about. I’m rich enough I don’t even know what those problems might be . Like 95% of the world, I don’t have an SSN. Even if every American owns one of those outdated Android phones, 2/3rds of the phones would still have to be owned by people who don’t have SSNs. I thought this had been tested recently and shown not true? A psychological illusion or something? I’ve never noticed any significant, let alone dramatic, speed change on any given device from iOS 3 on the original iPad onwards. I bet most people find digital security too abstract to understand why it’s important, and not bother with updates that didn’t include shiny new features. Also, Generic Phones Inc. don’t see any money in pushing out pure security features — only big players get that benefit, because it’s a type of quality thats a tragedy of the commons thing. I’d change the laws by international treaty to require security patches for all devices for whatever the 2σ lifetime is. If the manufacturers don’t want to do it themselves, then an open source requirements and a sales tax to fund hiring developers to fix it. Size is not speed. It’s not a rational distinction, it’s a tribal one. It’s the same cognitive bias that meant during Cold War both the USA and the USSR thought gay men were spies for the other team. Black amd white morality — if you’re any less than an angel you must be a demon. Nuclear power is kind of a research hobby of mine. Did you know the lethal dose of absorbed ionising radiation is only about 10 joules per kilogram? It would be great if it wasn’t so low. We’d already have nuclear powered manned space flight for one thing. Disagree. Insults are a problem if and only if they cause third parties to have unfairly* diminished regard for you. To give a topical example, there does not appear to be any insult which affects Trump: if you hate him then the insults prove you right, but if you love him then the insults are just fake news. * In some places and some eras, insulting Our Leader was punishable regardless of whether the insult was true. I think this is a bad law, and only falsehood-based defamation should be an offence — but even then there is a problem because humans treat lists of more than seven-ish items as endless and the internet’s perfect memory means you can probably show any given person has said or done more than seven socially unacceptable things. > I think people in this thread are talking past each other. I am also getting this impression. I think that while I am talking about libel and slander, vkou is talking about the need to be taken seriously? I hope Apple takes this as a reason to upgrade the default Python version installed on OS X, otherwise this could be a needless headache. It is rather less clear-cut than you claim: http://www.nytimes.com/2006/08/13/magazine/13wwln_idealab.ht... > Fearon and Laitin looked at 127 civil wars from 1945 to 1999, most often in sub-Saharan Africa and Asia. They found that regardless of how ethnically mixed a country is, the likelihood of a civil war decreases as countries get richer. The richest states are almost impervious to civil strife, no matter how multiethnic they might be — think for instance of Belgium, where Flemings and Walloons show almost no inclination to fight it out. And while the poorest countries have the most civil wars, Fearon and Laitin discovered that, oddly enough, it is actually the more homogeneous ones among them that are most likely to descend into violence. Even the following paragraph, where another researcher challenges the Fearon and Laitin study and claims mixed groups are more prone to conflict, says that effect diminishes when the single largest group is less than 45% of the population. (I’ve been looking at the risks of civil war recently because Brexit, on that risk to the UK I have no firm conclusions). It also comes from different life experiences. If I’d made a period product based soley on what I’d been taught at school about women, it would definitely have been a business failure (as I found out by talking to a woman about my idea). You don’t have any way to know how different somebody’s life experiences have been until you ask them, but they’re more likely to be different if the sample set includes more gender, ethnic, nationality, sexuality, and religious diversity. Concrete example, the number of times Americans assume I have a SSN. Or, on a trip to Kenya, my host assumed I’d know how to say grace before a meal. Or how I came to Berlin and assumed that finding a flat would be as easy as it was in the UK. Edit: Just realised one obvious group I blindly forgot — poor people have very different experiences than rich people. $2/day absolute poverty, $10/day “you’re doing well by Kenyan standards”, $100/day Harlem average (chosen because it’s what non-Americans think of as a poor bit of America). All different from each other, all different lives from us, even if we don’t call ourselves rich. If you wanted to illustrate that, you should not have written “shown (a priori and a posteriori) that multiculturalism and ethnic diversity erodes trust and causes social strive.” You can still end up with a single way of thinking, but it’s less likely . Think of it as rolling D20s instead of D6s, where each number represents a given mode of thought. The explicit description at one of the Facebook developer conferences I went to was to do things which caused users to stay for longer . I think the word they used was some pleasant-to-neutral term like “compelling content”, but the goal was to switch from “more users” to “longer stays” - and to use psychology to achieve that. Then there is the games sector. I was only in that sector from 2007 to 2010, but when I left many of them were asking how to make their content “addictive”. I’d say it’s immoral that Facebook et al have wasted subjective lifetimes of their users’ consciousness by addicting them to whichever drug the brain synthesises to reward the minor and unfulfilling social interactions that it provides (and the reverse, the pain from the fear of missing out). Alcohol is outlawed in many contexts, though they vary from place to place. In some (all?) countries, likewise tobacco. These are combined with large scale government advertising campaigns that start in school, which only differ from propaganda in that I think they are true (but then, if they were fake and I’d fallen for it, how would I know? Lots of people in my original country fear the drug Ecstasy, but that government lied - and continues to lie - about the dangers, and the poster-girl of the anti-Ecstasy talks at school died of a water overdose that only happened because of previous, different, bad anti-drugs advice ). Also, there are many ways to fool people that still work even if the victim knows about them, and the pain of being told one has been fooled means every technique the victim knows can (and often will) be rattled off as a fully generic counter-argument to whoever tells them that they have been fooled. I wouldn’t call stackoverflow addictive - if anything I use it too little! - but I do have that problem with some of the linked network sites on stackexchange. “Why yes, who would win in a fight between Aquaman and The Flash is more interesting than why the third argument of the ExampleFooAPI constructor doesn’t behave itself!” (I’m glad adblock lets me hide that block. Really helped me avoid those distractions). I’ve been on a third-world minibus. In comparison to developed nation public transport, it was overcrowded by a factor of two, it only set off when it was full and not to any timetable, and (from what my partner told me after living there for years back when she was a teenager), most of the drivers constantly consume stimulants so they can work for 15-hour days. (I would also describe the minibus as poorly maintained, but that’s by European standards — I was really surprised by the poor condition of American vehicles on each of my three visits, and it didn’t seem significantly worse than an American vehicle). > there are no regulations on how much you are allowed to drink Counterexample: drink-driving blood alcohol limit. > So you're saying it's ok for the government to manipulate you, but not a company, because their goal isn't a vague idea of societal good, it's to make more money? In the right area, sort of (manipulation generally bad but a few things can override the badness) but I would say that governments are (in theory) democratically accountable, whereas business are legally and financially accountable. Yes, people do vote for dumb laws, but in principle that can be undone by another vote, businesses only get in trouble with their shareholders if the government doesn’t limit their behaviour. While I agree with the point that it would be better if it wasn’t “so easy to generate huge databases of people and claim ownership over them, and it definitely shouldn't be so easy to use those social ties to create an addiction“, I don’t have any long term solutions. At some point the collective footprint of someone’s public statements on the internet is such a database, albeit in the informal sense of the word and spread over dozens of unconnected businesses, and demonstrating that the information has been used to cause addiction is more difficult than demonstrating tax avoidance. I think it is unreasonable to expect that, especially in a field where even a decade ago people were saying “50% of the skills on your CV become obsolete every 18 months”. Looks like a lot of people, net, agreed with the claim: https://softwareengineering.stackexchange.com/questions/4417... Not every technology , but rather random technology from the set of things-which-currently-look-good-when-seeking-work . Important difference. For example, at one extreme, all tech lasts exactly three years; at one of several other extremes, 50% of tech is eternal and the rest lasts exactly 1.5 years. Is he formidable because the arguments are good, or because he’s rich? And how would we distinguish the truth from the fiction, given the ease with which we fall into us-vs-them thinking, the halo effect, and boolean-valued morality, or treat arguments are soldiers for Us in an eternal struggle against Them? Counter-goo also has to self-replicate, or otherwise be available in huge quantities. The only currently existing self-replicating nanotech is called “life”, and plenty of that has been getting in our way for as long as there has been an us to get in the way of. Unless you count bootstraping on existing life, I have it on good authority (someone with a PhD in material science from Cambridge) that nobody knows how to make fully self-replicating devices yet, not even clanking replicators. As for drones… well, I can think of terrible ways to weaponise them, how to defend drones from simple counter-attacks, and then how to use that counter attack mechanism as city-wide anti-drone tech, but in the medium-likelyhood event that my ideas are not fundamentally flawed, I don’t want to give people ideas. That doesn’t happen in the UK at the moment; specialisation starts (mildly) at 14 at the level of “pick one language, pick one humanity, pick one of art or music”; from 16 to 18, one must either be in full-time education or training; post 18 is 3-5 years as an undergrad at university. Edit: there are occasional calls to return to the previous system of the “11 plus”, which I don’t understand but which is probably relevant. Anyone can take the first step. I’d prefer some sneaky billionaire builds consumer products with surprising features, like Tesla cars being safe from chemical weapons or hybrid VR-AR goggles that just coincidentally make it impossible to be permanently blinded by laser weapons. The talk pages are a fine example of holding a hammer and treating everything as a nail. That anyone can edit a page makes it usable as a discussion board, but because anyone can edit everyone else’s comments, there is a need to enforce the extra layer of rules you just described. Would be much better if talk pages acted like actual chat boards. > Oh, and there are also faith schools that can select by religion. > No, this doesn't make any sense. This is Britain. This is why my atheist father had me baptised Catholic, even though the state religion of the UK is Church of England. Similar problem. Accidentally broke my Nexus 5, got a 10 year old blackberry to tide myself over, and found I didn’t benefit from a smartphone. Still have an iPad, but I’m an iOS developer. (Perhaps I should change that?) Speaking only for myself, the surprising claim was not “explode”, but “irradiated most of Eastern Europe, if not the whole continent.” I agree with the sentiment, but the details will contain fractal devils. The most unusual pedestrians contain the most important learning experiences, but are also the most significant from a privacy perspective. Edit: or, to put it another way, you don’t want to find out the hard way your machine vision system just mistook a drunk furry thalidomide victim for a wild coyote, but they might not be too thrilled to be on a database of “freaky humans”. #cough# JavaScript cryptocurrency miners in adverts, #cough# cloud computing with stolen resources, #cough# anticipation of future bitcoin value when estimating cost effectiveness You don’t. The majority of websites behave acceptably if you disable JavaScript entirely. Fiat currency is competing very well in a category I really care about: “things which have existed for more than 15 years and which I can expect to still be around 15 years from now”. Sure, fiat currencies can hyperinflate with less than 15 years’ notice, but 15 years from now I expect most fiat currencies will be similarly valued and most cryptocurrencies to be as gone and forgotten as a geocities homepage. Being “well known” solves precisely zero of the things which causes software projects to fail. Being seen as a “low-risk-high-return investment” attracts developers, but only until it stops delivering that promise. That said, my claim is that most will fail, not that all will fail. You may think that’s weasel words, but I will not accept a currency that even has a 10% chance of failing in 15 years (and if you think that’s harsh, imagine being a bank and taking a 10% risk of default on a relatively short 15 year mortgage), and judging by both http://deadcoins.com (looks like 600 entries, I stopped counting at 200) and the Wikipedia claim that there are over 1172 currencies, that risk is much, much higher than 10%. > You can prevent nodes from connecting to you (no inbound connections), such that you choose (randomly) which nodes to connect to. Choose a sufficiently high node count, and you’re almost certain that you don’t select a group of coordinating malicious nodes. This sounds suspiciously like either a) choosing who to trust in advance, which negates one of the few benefits of blockchain-based cryptocurrencies that I accept exist (even if I don’t value it highly); or b) relying on random numbers being both fair and not being tampered with, even though over-reliance on that is one of the common failure modes with cryptography in general. I’d describe Bitcoin as the AltaVista of cryptocurrencies: an early lead, people will remember it, but not fundamentally all that great and liable to be replaced as soon as someone invents a good (and trusted) alternative. It might survive… but there’s no way I’d risk money I couldn’t afford to lose the way I would with any G20 economy’s fiat currency. In the third world, quite a lot of people don’t have a bank account, or at least not a conventional one as we would understand them. A common alternative is M-Pesa, which is phone based, and I don’t mean smartphone: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/M-Pesa Difference? MacOS userbase hasn’t changed much since 2011, I thought? It’s always reasonable to assume that black-hats (and… what do you call government hackers — black-suits, helicopter-hats, ???) know everything that white-hats know, and that they either have or are already in the process of selling that exploit to less skilled criminals. It’s not like being good morally correlates with being good at security. > admittedly low priority security vuln, passwords being sent over http Wait, what ? Computer illiterate people might now have a new way to shoot themselves in the foot, they won’t be able to exploit it because they won’t know what root is or why it does stuff . > Line up all the things in the universe that are intelligent. They are all conscious. The words “intelligent” and “conscious” are not sufficiently well defined to make that claim. By “intelligence”, do you mean: 1) “the ability to learn or understand or deal with new or trying situations”? Even current AI can do that. 2) “the ability to apply knowledge to manipulate one’s environment”? That’s another rabbit hole itself. 3) “think abstractly as measured by [tests]”? I think current AI fails at this. 4) the thing which is separate to “body” in Cartesian Dualism? I don’t believe in that (i.e. souls) any more, so I can’t claim any AI would pass this test (nor any human). And “conscious”? Is that: 1) Opposite of unconscious? I’d say they are. 2) Opposite of subconscious? ‍️ 2)a) As in, not just autonomous functions like breathing or the equivalent for a robot? I’d say they are. 2)b) As in, “System 2 thinking”? ‍️I don’t know. 3) Critical self-evaluation? Generative adversarial networks pass, other than that I think AI fail this test. 4) Mirror test? Pass, but in a special case I don’t know the details of and which might well be newspaper fluff rather than proper AI. Likewise, I have never learned Spanish, but when I saw a Zika-related public service advert on the NY subway when visiting the USA, I could read it easily. (Native English, plus Duolingo German and Esperanto which I estimate as A2 and A1 respectively) > "The opposite of consciousness" is not a meaningful criterion of interest. I'm not even sure it's a meaningful term. Then let me rephrase: The state that you are in when you are not asleep nor anesthetised nor in a coma. (I’m assuming you wrote consciousness rather than unconsciousness as an autocomplete typo not as a misreading, I’m having to edit a lot of comments for that reason today). (Also, strange example with fire and rocks, given there is one axis on which fire does rise for the opposite cause of rocks falling: buoyancy) > Many of these tests you're outlining arent relevant to the question "does this robot have what we are interested in" I listed them because it was not clear what you are interested in when you say “intelligence”. You have improved one step by saying “understanding”, but that has nine meanings lf its own, half of which point back to “intelligence” without adding anything useful to my mental model of what you might be trying to describe. Now, with regards to your dogs-vs.-spinning-tops comparison. I totally accept that spinning tops are not intelligent. I do not understand how you decided to fit spinning tops against definition 1. I believe dogs are intelligent. I cannot prove dogs are intelligent by definitions 2, 3, or 4, only by definition 1 — can you? Can you demonstrate that a dog has any of “thoughts, concepts, ideas, imagination”? Again, I believe they do, but I cannot prove any of those things and I am aware of both the risk of anthropomorphism and of dehumanising (ironic word in this context, but it fits) their minds. Finally, why do you believe that neuro-biomechanical processes are fundamentally capable of things that silicon cannot do? What makes it special? > Of all the known things in the universe which think, to remove their nerves is to destroy their capacity to think. I cannot see any reason to suppose thinking is not merely their activity. You appear to be using circular reasoning. You assert that only biological-neuron entities are intelligent, use this assertion to create the set of intelligent entities, and then say that this is valid because to remove the neurons in those entities also removes their intelligence. Indeed, it does — but then I get to assert that only silicon-logic-gate entities are intelligent, because their ability to process sensory inputs and translate this into signal outputs goes away when you remove their doped silicon wafers. It doesn’t help . I don’t think I follow you. > So I shall collect for you all the things we have been talking about when we have said "this is conscious!". And you do the same. And my claim is that everything in this group is in this group... because ... it has a nervous system. That would be great if we were in 1930 and asking which pre-existing creatures are conscious, but you are asserting that no members of a group which was created to implement all the forms of intelligence that have yet been made quantifiable (as opposed to qualitative judgements of intelligence) are in your set. I assert that you have a list, and that you have merely defined your words to be a shorthand for that list, rather than made a hypothesis that those words are descriptive properties that allow us to even ask if other things can be in that list, nor to ask if all members of that list truly belong there. (I.e. “is a dog intelligent?”) For example, you now assert the list is synonymous with “nervous system” (previously “conscious”, previously “intelligent”) without explaining why a digital- or semiconductor-based nervous system would fail your test. > To believe that an electrified piece of metal could ever belong in the group of things united by their common feature "consciousness" is profound bizarre to me: what exactly is that thing meant to possess that I have? That’s my question, too. What is that thing which you are meant to posess which supposedly cannot exist on artificial substrates? Why is a biological neuron fundamentally better at thinking than a computer simulation of a biological neuron? Still, I’m not sure I actually follow what you’re trying to say, because your last three paragraphs seem to be distorted by either autocomplete or google translate. Either way I just cannot extract your point from them. Assuming $5k USD per month with current purchasing power to avoid the concerns about rent inflation. $5k per month is what I’m expecting in my next job, except my next job will have (hopefully German) taxes. I’d save as much as I can to buy (another) house, write more, and start a family. Inclined to agree. The first significant feeling I had their QA wasn’t as good as it should’ve been was Ive showed off the (unready) post-skeuomorphic UI. I’m still not a fan of buttons being text with invisible edges, not even as a default I can override. I doubt you could retire. Creating a justification for why your meatspace identity now has money from an anonymous source without tying those identities together is money laundering. Is there somewhere “laid back” which is not corrupt, which has a functioning police force, and which has its own financial system? That sounds like the UK’s Data Protection Act, soon to be replaced with an EU successor that will apparently cause all sorts of interesting times if the UK tries to get rid of it post-Brexit. Finally, some good news. Nowhere near enough, and they were told about these problems before making it law, and once they leave the EU they won’t even have this level of oversight, but it’s better than nothing. I know from trying and failing to convince two MPs that they absolutely do not understand the danger they introduce by forcing the ISPs to have the ability to snoop on users instead of banning ISPs from doing so. On recent performance, they’ll scream about how unfair it is until they’re blue and then give in completely. Depends on both countries. If I understand correctly, if you’re from the USA you owe taxes on worldwide income regardless of where you earned it. I have no idea if that applies to capital gains or not, nor how other nations treat worldwide income — not even my own nation. Met my local MP in person, stereotypical level of nodding and seeming to listen followed by voting the party line. However, she did point me at another MP who was chairing a committee on the bill, which was good of her. The chair, however, didn’t respond at all. > Especially when facing criminal charges (or public scrutiny), this kind of tricks can actually work. Alternative: the trick might be using someone else’s credentials because you know they, not you, will take the blame. Without knowledge of the real behaviour of espionage and interfering with foreign governments/other political parties in your own nation/police officers who never take bribes, I would presume there are people who get themselves hired by their opponents specifically to undermine them in this way. Can you imagine how few people would believe a politician protesting their innocence if it was discovered that someone has used that politician’s email account to chat with a 9-year old? Especially if the person sending the emails claimed to be that politician (bonus points if the politician shares their phone as well as their password, they might have selfies nobody else has seen)? When the 9-year old could never be found (because they never really existed, but again imagine how that will go down as an excuse)? > And yes ... after all, humans are quite capable of identifying people with high accuracy from 2D photographs. Depth maps are not required for there to be serious privacy issues with such databases. Yes and no. We’re mostly good at that (with exceptions — I have to see someone a lot before I remember their face), but we evolved for small groups and therere are now enough people that doppelgänger is a profession. On the other hand, databases are still a problem because collections of timestamped photos can reveal far too much about us once an identity is properly confirmed. If satellites were not (for good reason!) extremely conservative, I can see a way to turn spy satellite into a deniable blinding weapon for about $10 of parts. Perhaps. If a morality fails in the forest and nobody has language to describe it… is morality the equivalent of “sound is a pressure wave”, or the equivalent of “sounds is an auditory experience”? Moral codes have changed wildly over the years (and by place in any year). Slavery was “fine”, until it wasn’t. The death penalty is a thing in some places today, but seen as repugnant in others. Shellfish were forbidden, until someone had a vision of god berating them for turning it down. Bestiality was legal in half of Europe twenty years ago, but not today. Weed and gay marriage were unbelievable twenty years ago, but are increasingly acceptable today. I’m vegetarian (trying to be vegan) just in case animals have that hard to describe thing commonly called consciousness or self-awareness or personhood, but I don’t have enough certainty to condemn anyone who thinks I’m being silly by worrying about that. Heck, I don’t even have a concrete definition of the thing I worry animals might have in order to test against. What is morality? Really? I don’t believe a monkey can. I also don’t believe a human can, because we look at that nice doctor who is offering sincere advice and think “they have my best interests at heart”. We certainly don’t make rational judgments of probability, because if we as a species could do that, lotteries would not exist . Makes a reasonable effort to calculate bitcoin energy use (and it’s good to share reasoning, not just headline totals!), but it falls short with the whataboutism of, for instance, shipping gold by aircraft. Assuming all flights are independently profitable, the cheapest ticket I've seen from London to San Francisco is £261 return, which sets an upper limit on fossil fuel emissions of about 6 barrels of oil equivalent. Me plus luggage is about 100kg, which at current prices is worth £3.292.122,21 Three times their weight in CO2. The C’s and the O’s are similar (ish) masses. Mm. Counter point: Different people mean different things by the word “murder”. Does abortion count? I’d say no, but plenty of people disagree with me, violently. Does the death penalty count? I’d say yes, but again, plenty disagree violently. Does it count if you kill foreigners after invading their land? Does it count if you kill a chimp? If you euthanise a dog? A hamster? If you kill a prawn for dinner? People disagree on all of these. Or “theft”: is taxation theft? Or is avoiding taxation theft? That’s the point. The entropy cost thermodynamically inherent to doing a calculation is infintesimal compared to the energy cost of current transistors. From Wikipedia: > At 20 °C (room temperature, or 293.15 K), the Landauer limit represents an energy of approximately 0.0172 eV, or 2.75 zJ. Theoretically, room‑temperature computer memory operating at the Landauer limit could be changed at a rate of one billion bits per second with energy being converted to heat in the memory media at the rate of only 2.85 trillionths of a watt (that is, at a rate of only 2.85 pJ/s). Modern computers use millions of times as much energy. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Landauer%27s_principle Marvellous, one whole order of magnitude! If you manage another factor of 5000 and Bitcoin will reach what Visa and Mastercard (and, separately, another cryptocurrency) managed several years ago . When the correct answer is “bitcoin“, what is the question? I genuinely, genuinely, don’t see any task for which it is the best solution — not even for anonymous online payments or secret ways to store wealth. I have two questions: 1) Is this wallet going to have any spendable money in it one second after creation, or do you have to wait for the network to process your transaction like everyone else? 2) How often is it useful to create a wallet in one second? > After that age, we just cannot reliably assert that someone's IQ is, say, above 200. To add to all the other criticisms of IQ score, it’s defined to be mean-100-σ-15* — so nobody has an IQ of over 197, and only newborn anenephalactics ever score as low az IQ 3… and perhaps not even then if they score the same as the comatose. * or σ-16, which changes the subsequent statements a little. Just to add, by definition 6σ is one in a billion. It isn’t just “profoundly gifted”, but rather “there are seven of you”. My knowledge of quantum general relativity isn’t good enough to even know for sure that the search for answer to that question is exactly why Hawking et al have been concerned with the black hole information paradox. BitShares, apparently. Press release June 10, 2015, claimed 100,000 t/s. Please quantify the energy use of the conventional approach — many people want to make the same point as you, but there don’t seem to be any (easily referenced) numbers estimating the energy cost per transaction of the alternatives. Hmm. I’m not convinced anything we know about can do what a warp drive needs: https://kitsunesoftware.wordpress.com/2017/04/20/can-a-casim... There are far too many cryptocurrencies to keep track of, bit even if the claim is false, Bitcoin is still absurdly slow compared to existing normal systems. Good question. I’m frustrated by the unwillingness of bitcoin (specifically bitcoin, not blickchain or cryptocurrencies in general) fans to recognise the flaws. It’s like… huh, like politics. Or religion, which is kinda also politics. IQ is defined to be a normal distribution. Intelligence, on the other hand, isn’t. This is one of the problems with IQ as a measure of intelligence. IQ 150 doesn’t mean doing mental arithmetic faster than IQ 100 by the same margin that IQ 100 beats IQ 50, only that IQ>150 is as rare as IQ https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intelligence_quotient > When current IQ tests were developed, the median raw score of the norming sample is defined as IQ 100 and scores each standard deviation (SD) up or down are defined as 15 IQ points greater or less, IQ itself — not intelligence or even score on an IQ test — is by definition not fat tailed. If a particular IQ test doesn’t produce a normal distribution, that test is wrong . At least, wrong by the current standard definition of IQ; there have been others, and the very fact that it is flawed means there probably will be a new one in future. Visa and Mastercard, like I wrote a few layers above. I see your suggestion and raise you “precious metals” > If I sexually identify as a CAS aircraft, will they ban DCS A-10 Simulator as sexual content? I don’t know if this is a joke, but that is a thing that happens. Given how long I was blind to my own (relatively straightforward) bisexuality, I think the real answer is that people in charge literally cannot conceive of sexuality that far away from their worldview. UK news probably doesn’t provide much insight by way of timing; 98% is Brexit related now, even reader reviews of books published ten years ago — the rest is blessed relief that is often rapidly overcome with more Brexit. Facebook is the optimiser, each second of your attention a paperclip. I have a similar problem. I realised while playing GameThatCannotBeMentionedBecauseOfNoDisparagementRule that reaching maximum level in Magic or Archery skills on real life versions of those skills would make me a pretty good stage magician or archer. I never did end up learning magic tricks or real archery, but I did go onto Duolingo and learn German. Kaj Esperanto. Και Ελληνικα… It shows that men have, more often than women but not uniquely , had the physical and political power to disregard consent. Not the same thing as wanting more. First, I have talked to an actual expert in the field of human sexuality, and yes we do condition on anything that occurs simultaneously with any orgasm. You can try this for yourself by picking something you don’t mind accidentally fetishising. Secondly, what pattern? Dogs (and TIL dolphins) hump random things; hyenas are (in human terms) femdom sadomasochists; the male antechinus gets horny once in their life, then has as much sex as possible before dying of exhaustion; female ferrets literally die if they don’t have sex; bonobos have sex pretty much as a way of saying “hello”, “sorry”, or as a social favour; and pandas famously don’t mate enough for their own survival. > and have far fewer benifits and protections after they leave Really? From what I’ve heard, the American benefits system is so messed up that literally everyone in the UK gets better benefits than anyone earning less than about $50k in the US can hope to afford even with assistance from their employer. And that’s just regarding health insurance. Hm. Student loans in the UK are certainly problematic. I think they’re better than US student loans, but UK loans might have become worse without me noticing. Edit: also notable is the UK has a (basically free) qualification between highschool and university degree, as UK “secondary schools” finish 1 year before US highschool, and university starts 2 years after secondary school ends. > Centralization is an easy way to scale That is one reason why I prefer centralised to decentralised. I have yet to see a justification for the cost of decentralisation. This cost is an important thing, not a trivial thing. Other reasons include but are not limited to the governance mechanism of things like bitcoin not being demonstrably better than the governance systems of any other currency, but that’s a much longer topic of discussion. Nothing is sufficiently bad to not care . Caring is the only way you can even tell if there is a risk, if you’re playing with fire, if there is a chain of causality that leads right back to you. DDT was supposed to be a risk-free way of killing mosquitoes. Nobody knew the side effect existed. > If someone releases a global flu virus that also causes us to bear infertile children, what would protect us? I think it’s now possible to convert any human cell into a stem cell, so we would probably make that tech cheap enough to widely deploy and then — given human nature — let poor people die childless. That practically invites them to present a different page to google as to a normal user, the former pure SEO, the latter perhaps pure advertising. Raising an interesting question: can a website owner (use the law to) ban google from accessing their website by any mechanism other than their crawler in order that google doesn’t find out? Sure, obviously limited utility just like “the right to be forgotten”s flaw of diffing USA internet from EU internet to find specifically what people want forgotten, but shenanigans interest me. That rather supports gok’s claim that it’s more complicated than just punishment severity. > not rationally but according to their outward threat to ourselves If we did that, it would be rational, and an improvement. The unfortunate truth is that we tend to judge people for being outsiders, so while alcohol causes much more harm to others than heroin or crack cocaine (citation below), “we drink alcohol so it must be fine”. Same with terrorists: if the killer is one of “us” they are “a troubled lone wolf”, if the killer is one of “them” then “that just goes to show how nasty they all are”. Same with child abusers: “stranger danger” is what people worry about, but most documented abuses are committed by close relatives. (Relative harm: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drug_harmfulness#/media/File... ) Population: 1,749,366. Kits: 11,341. Judging by how many women I know who have been willing to say they have been raped — and no, I don’t mean just pressured into something they regretted — this is probably less than one tenth of the victims. I can’t tell if you’re saying everyone outside software has goofy hobbies and this is nothing worth writing about, or if you’re trying to say that software-based hobbies stop software developers from doing their day jobs and paying the bills related to your list of other humans. While it would be great to see Berlin copy the UK cycling capital — Cambridge is brilliant in that regard — Berlin isn’t particularly bad. I’m looking for work in Berlin at the moment, and Berlin is less busy per square meter than any UK city I’ve been to (other than Ely, which shouldn’t count as a city). Berlin traffic isn’t perfect, but on the other hand it is also more lawful than UK traffic, and less intimidating than CA traffic. Is there any price, any price at all , where you would say “bitcoin is not worth this much, I should cash in before it goes down”? Σ(all bitcoin) = 0.1% world money supply? 1%? 10%? 100%? Even more? At some point it will go down. If you have a rational model for what value is too high, great! But if you don’t, you’ll gamble yourself into poverty, like so many other speculators over so many centuries. > Now this new thing comes up. It's also rare you, can store it perfectly securely without anyone knowing that you do. That doesn’t describe bitcoin > You can sell any fraction of it to highest bidder on Earth, from your home and that only requires you trusting sigle third party that trades over billion dollar's worth of this stuff every 24h. That describes gold — depending on what you count as a “single third party”. That said, at least it is a number… just one I don’t agree with, because at $7.5 trillion I think that makes Bitcoin so valuable that it becomes worthwhile doing anything to gain 51% control, including high-altitude nuclear EMPs over everyone who isn’t you. Western diets have more meat and less plant material. Meat consumption (and plant consumption) isn’t boolean-valued, unlike (for example) vegetarianism. > Yes it does. You can buy it on exchange (or buy a miner and mine it yourself paying with electricity) and transfer it to your wallet Wherever you buy it, that purchase is traceable. Wherever you sell it, that sale is traceable. Oh, just realised now even though you didn’t say this: Unless the thing you use to buy it, or for which you sell it, is also anonymous… of course, at that point it is no longer a benefit of bitcoin compared to the other thing. > Isfahan and have a gold coin under your materace. How would go about selling 1/10 of it and how it compares to process of cashing out 1/10th of 1 BTC in cold storage? Physical gold? OK, but I was thinking gold in a bank account, which is a thing you can get (“Glint”, I think is the name). 1) go to cash-for-gold corner shop, of which there seem to be far too many at the moment 2) divide coin into 1/10ths 3) exchange 1/10th coin for other financial token From my history lessons, this is pretty much how money worked in the old days when it wasn’t just backed by gold but literally made from it, except 1) wasn’t needed because the shops just weighed your coins. While yes, of course people need training to be safe, if you hit someone with a bike you have to extremely unlucky to cause a life threatening injury. If you hit them with a car, you only have to be doing 30 mph for it to be 50:50 lethal. I’ve only seen a relative handful of cyclists in the last few months in Berlin, but my experience in Cambridge has been that on the road, cyclists and drivers are about equal skill; but on cycle paths, you find the idiots who cycle 2-abreast at night with no lights or high-viz on a section with no path lighing, who somehow think it’s appropriate to complain that I did have lights (if I hadn’t had lights, we would’ve collided at about 30 mph, and I was the only one with a helmet). Thanks for letting me know, however I just checked your website and I’m not a fit for any of your openings. (I’m looking for iOS… and asking myself if I should change track again to find work). > Why does there need to be a focus on a specific gender to address a problem? Because everything is broken and we are mere mortals with limited attention and ability to improve the world and shortcuts are always tempting. This particular problem probably varies by nation, but it is only bad to stereotype like this when you either assume that the partial solution is a total solution, or when your perspective fails and you cause more harm than good with your solution. Both of those failure modes happen. Yet, all the evidence I have seen says men are more likely to harass than women are. Same effort should provide a greater benefit by focusing on male harassment… except that this is online, so “does this text look harassing?” is probably how this should be handled specifically by OKC, but now I’m definitely guessing. Happened to me once. I was a passenger, so I got out, went to the corresponding light to check it was safe and confirm it was broken not just on a long delay. Self driving sensors are better than eyes, but it is possible for there to be a situation where the car can’t know if it is safe. This probably has been thought about more by the designers than by all armchair critics combined, of course, but even if not then the law is the lowest common denominator of backside-covering. > if you want to run the country on wind or solar then you need to be able to handle several overcast or calm days in a row. On a country scale yes, but not on a continental scale. Although in the case of solar, you probably just want to have peak output twice the size you’d expect for naive insolation, and it looks like it’ll be cheap enough soon enough for that to be economical. Australia is also very large and very low population. Less than 2/3rds the population of California but about 18 times the area. I wonder how good the security/data-sanitation is. If you don’t know the language, you might think you’re saying “I will not buy this record, it is scratched.” but you end up with hovercraft eel removal services. The main thing I remember from the era of Gates Is Literally Satan was the browser wars, and how awful it was that Internet Explorer was both free and tightly integrated into the operating system. #cough# Safari on Apple devices #cough# Chrome on Android and ChromeOS devices Reddit recently deleted a whole bunch of subreddits because they decided that wasn’t good enough. Anecdotally, I know someone who was interested in one of those topics (zoophilia), who thought the subreddit in question was “a dumpster fire” yet was still upset about it being banned. Even intentional design decisions can be flawed. Ideally the lights would have cameras and report themselves. FWIW, this was a temporary set of lights for roadworks in the middle of the Welsh countryside with little or no mobile signal. Because that can get you much cleaner with much less effort and one less thing for your shopping list. I think this is probably the right approach, but only by accident given how poor the UK government understanding of all things digital. Westminster is, after all, being quite unreasonable in expecting foreign companies to serve as competent police forces for what is basically chit-chat rather than traditional publishing, and for a user-base roughly 30 times the UK’s entire population. Was it that? Or was it talking loudly in public places until you gathered a crowd, which probably automatically brought you to the attention of the police? > The UK is free to block access to parts of the internet if it thinks is people aren't fit to safely access it. Really? Wasn’t that the kind of thing us tech geeks have spent the last 20 years arguing against ? Assuming $250/hr is a real example, that’s $470k/year. Is that really a problem? (Assuming 40h per week, 47 weeks per year because systematic staff shortage and EU-duration holidays because that’s what I’m used to). > The silly games and facebooks are only a problem for those who choose to participate in them. Perhaps. When the question is addiction, who really had free will to choose? > If energy cost were the main obstacle, upper-income people would already have hovercars, because spending 4x more on fuel than people driving wheeled vehicles would be fine for them. They do, they’re just called “helicopters”. Housing is the main cost, and it scales with average take-home income — which is why two-income-no-kids families aren’t as well off as one might expect from looking at single-income families from the 1960s. If you can somehow disregard housing as a cost, and have health insurance anywhere except the USA, 20 hours per week is fine. I’d manage on 10 hours per week minimum wage in the UK, but that doesn’t really count because the UK government effectively subsidies everyone earning less than (I think) £24k/year with things like NHS healthcare and a functional police, fire brigade, and army. Personal quantum computing, assuming the press releases about the lastest breakthroughs are right about them being made of superconducting elements. Assuming the price, mass density, critical magnetic field density, and critical current density are all good, you could launch satellites magnetically against Earth’s magnetic field (but only from the poles and with some cute tricks for efficient horizontal motion). Yes, but. Yes, you can get energy out of slowing down with any conductor passing through a magnetic field, but spaceflight uses so much energy that current electrical energy storage is essentially as irrelevant to propulsion as clockwork would be. I thought London was supposed to be one of the major banking centres of Europe? So if the banks are fragile, the UK is just as exposed in that regards, or perhaps more exposed as it will no longer be (as?) able to ask the ECB for assistance? Software contractors? > Think that's going to bite Nige Disagree. He said before the referendum that 48%-52% would be unfinished business, but didn’t seem to lose credibility amongst his supporters from it. Something may eventually tarnish his Teflon, but he’d probably be able to turn defeat in a second referendum into a rallying cry for a literal attempted revolution. (I place odds of UK civil war in the next 6 years at about 10%). I see little evidence of voters changing their mind, only of non-voters leaning (in recent months) towards Remain. As a Remain voter I am obviously biased to see mainly the flaws in Leavers, so please synthesise opposite equivalents for the following: If Leave voters agregate around the identity that “Brexit is expensive but worth it”, I think this decreases the risk of them starting the sort of riots that would lead to a civil war; if they instead are surprised by massive economic damage (or by 10% of the doctors leaving at once), that increases the risk they will decide to blame Remainers for “talking the country down” or whatever. I have seen comments from YouGov users suggesting that people like me should be executed. I do not yet take such comments as a serious threat (they have also suggested nukes, apparently oblivious to France having any of their own), but such comments are part of why I estimate 10% chance of civil war in this timeframe — the other major component of my belief being an assumption that the basic rate of civil wars is 1/(years since last one) per year. Only if you have a different track playing at every point in space. The whole “not registered” thing is part of the problem — either the UK guarantees to continue allowing all EU-27 citizens who enter the UK to stay, or EU-27 citizens already in the UK have to be prepared for spontaneous deportation when someone notices they’re not UK citizens. The third opinion, to force registration, would be sensible, but is impossible partly because ID databases are politically impossible, and partly because the UK government is incompetent. Good question. No, I’d rate that as both more likely and independent, as I see the likely causes of each as mostly independent — NI catching fire is mostly down to the NI-RoI border closing or being guarded/inspected (disclaimer: I’m not from that area and people who are often tell me It’s More Complicated Than That), while everyone else in the UK catching fire depends on Brexit being both harmful and surprising people by being harmful. Mainly I’m saying batteries currently suck. If you can make a nuclear battery (Hafnium isomer, perhaps), that would work, but it would probably also make M2P2 obsolete. I don’t know, but if it’s exportable, it’s exportable. Noted. I kinda assumed ECB was for all EU states, not just for all Eurozone states. Why do you believe that low-skilled workers prevent high-skilled workers from migrating to the UK? Surely it should be the other way around because the high-skilled workers would get well-paid jobs that would price low-skilled workers out of the UK’s dysfunctional housing market? Schengen area is an open border (+), UK-France is not. UK has the right to eject EU citizens who can’t support themselves, but lacks the beurocracy to identify such people. + and even that has exceptions, I was passport-checked going from Italy into France but not France to Italy, I assume because of the state of emergency from the attack a few years ago. Most people, I think, don’t follow strict digital security/hygiene policies, nor understand them. That includes me, even though I try to be good. (I will not give specific details because two of my three memorable errors are currently covered by NDAs, and the third is personal). “Need” for what end? If there is political will to be “tough on crime”, or to reduce immigration and get away with it by saying you’re really only being tough on crime, you can probably find something on anyone simply because laws are too broad. Likewise if you care about performing economic espionage, you don’t need to worry that you’re mostly getting low-hanging fruit. These are checks you can perform on everyone , after all. > which we have no control over The UK has the authority, just not the competence to use that authority. This is Westminster’s fault, not the EU’s. > People who immigrate to the UK from the EU, or have family who did, vote very differently from native Brits They’re not allowed to vote in general elections (or the Referendum) unless they’re Irish (or have multiple nationalities and the other is British, Irish, or Commonwealth): http://www.electoralcommission.org.uk/faq/voting-and-registr... > It's almost like open borders isn't good for national security. Who'd of thought. Poor argument. In feudal times, you needed your Lord’s permission to leave your village — if that was still true, virtually every terrorist attack from the time of the IRA (the original) onwards would have been impossible. Orbital power is either beamed to Earth, or connected to a supercomducting space elevator. Beamed power is problematic, because it’s either as diffuse as sunlight, or concentrated enough to be a weapon in its own right. And if you can make a space elevator length of superconductor economically, it’s easier to make a ring of PV and superconductors passing through the world’s deserts (and connecting them to each other and to all the cities) — it’s always daylight somewhere in the world. Fewer crimes are possible with cash than with cryptocurrencies. It’s not boolean. First, by writing “just one person’s cash”, it is automatic to infer you consider this representative. I assert that it is not, and furthermore that if it were even close then the criminal economy would vastly exceed the non-criminal one. Second, look at the date on that and tell me, with a straight face, that they didn’t use any cryptocurrencies. If they really did have $22bn, perhaps even if they only had $22m, I expected they used a dozen forms of currency they couldn’t even name. How many crimes occurred on or by means of the Silk Road and it’s clones? I am not saying “worse”, I am saying “superset”. On the basis that all crimes that can occur with cash have an equivalent that can happen with cryptocurrencies but not vice versa — you cannot force someon else’s computer to forge coins for you, and high-value transactions have rules against cash in places that don’t have rules against cryptocurrencies. I do not understand how you consider you response to be relevant, however. It’s just occurred to me I have been ambiguous. I am talking about sets and classes, but you are responding as if I meant individual crimes (for which the 300,000 transactions per day limit provides a plausible upper ceiling, iff they only used bitcoin). Let me rephrase: how many categories of crime occurred on Silk Road et al, and how many are not — based on current law enforcement — plausible to get away with when involving cash? Fortunately there are quite a lot of people in the UK who are wondering which country they’ll be living in around 14 months from now. From here, I can’t tell which is the conspiracy theory and which (if any) is the truth. (I wonder if my complete lack of clue about what is plausible in this context is a common theme amongst conspiracy theory believers?) One of my fears is that I might be in a bubble, a conspiracy theory, of my own. Suggestions? Religious persecution doesn’t disappear just because of economic growth. Neither does discrimination against sexual preferences (+). That’s the fear expressed above. (+) unless you limit your knowledge of sexual preferences to just gay/straight — human sexuality is much more complicated than that. Given that genetic testing(+) has had twice the rate of performance-to-cost doublings as Moore’s Law since the Human Genome Project completed, “some time” may be 21 years from billionaires to subsistence farmers. (+) yes I know that’s not the same as editing, but it’s the closest comparison I have for guestimating future improvements. On the one hand, correct. On the other, we’re currently exploring ways to wipe out malaria carrying mosquitoes. On the third (genetically modified :P) hand, easy gene modification will probably lead to a similar patch-cycle as we already have for software. On the fourth hand, thanks to the typical decade long testing cycle for medicines, the worst parts of this hypothetical future are likely to happen around the same time we get full-mind uploads. We can. In multiple different senses. Synthetic biology covers literal reproduction of organisms: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Synthetic_biology “Outdo” has multiple meanings, but pure engineering has made us go faster, fly higher, and survive worse cold, than anything purely evolved. And if you mean purely organic items, not engineered, then you still need to explain the sense of “outdo”, because GM foods outdo non-GM foods in many ways we care about (e.g. bacterial rennet replacing cow stomach in cheese making, outdoing it by cost-efficiency and coincidentally making more cheeses suitable for vegetarians). I think it’s more accurate to say “nature is not a singular intentional personality”. Evolution is a form of intelligence, just utterly unlike us. Azathoth rather than Yahweh, as Eliezer Yudkowsky puts it. CF yes, if I correctly understand that it evolved to help us deal with cholera — which we have now pretty much solved. Sickle cell would be immortal to fix prior to fixing malaria , because the gene that causes sickle cell when you have two copies also makes malaria much less dangerous with one copy. When testing a new weapon, it is important to make sure it doesn’t explode in your face. I’m not too worried about genetically modified humans , but I think there is a risk someone will make a synthetic “perfect plague” combining high transmission before it’s symptomatic with high lethality — think “breath transmitted HIV”. 1. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Synthetic_virology > Introduction of democracy and women’s rights in Europe are good examples. Which is why I said “religious” and “sexual preference”. Jews were widely discriminated against even a few years after WW2; Muslims are a current whipping-boy; I’m not sure if Catholic-vs-Protestant is as big a divide in Northern Ireland as it looks from the outside, but it does look big; In the USA, Atheists are almost as disliked as Muslims. Then there’s sexual preference. You’re fine if you’re gay (finally!), but not so much if you’re into BDSM or have any fetishes more complicated than underwear. Also, I have a friend whose sexuality was previously legal, but which was outlawed in half of Europe and half of the USA this century . I invite you to guess what that might be. Responses like that would do it for most people. “Humiliation: Making someone feel ashamed or foolish”. > Are you suggesting that a footpath is safe You mean they aren’t safe where you live? Blimey. I’ve been attacked once, in total, and that was as a teen and an adult intervened within seconds. I used to walk to school if I missed the bus (or if I wanted to miss mandatory religious activities), and that took me an hour. Sometimes I’d walk home afterwards, because the school had a then-novel internet connection. I’ve walked a few hundred kilometres around Berlin in the last few months, and explored several other European cities by walking around on foot for hours each day. If you go to Venice, your only options are foot or boat, and the boats don’t go everywhere. Are you sure you mean vegetarian and not vegan? Vegetarian cheese is pretty much the default in UK supermarkets these days, and almost nobody even knows that things like Parmesan are non -vegetarian. Vegan cheese, on the other hand… oh dear. I try it sometimes; vegan cheddar-alike tastes like vanilla ice cream that refuses to melt, but vegan feta-alike sort-of works. 5-10% of the population are “into” BDSM, although sex surveys are notorious for underestimating things. Atheism is a curious thing to call a “bizarro religion”; likwise for different reasons Islam, given the latter has ~1.8 billion followers worldwide. I am not an American. I am criticising American states for criminalising a sexuality that my own country never legalised. I am also appalled by my own country’s behaviour in the colonial era. No government is capable of friendship with a private person, any more than a human can be friends with a single white blood cell. What they are , governments in general and the EU in particular, is a useful ally. No, and I had no even considered that as a possible misinterpretation, so thanks for checking. I mean post-2000. USA survey, though I would be surprised if it varied by nation. People have rioted over the legality of their sex lives, and people have gone to prison because consenting to certain acts was deemed to be conspiracy to some form of serious assault (against themselves) — so I’m inclined to think it’s both significant concern and a major part of personal identity. Likewise, although it has only been recently that my opinion of human rights in the USA has declined — America takes its constitutional rights very seriously, or it seemed to until Snowden. > Not to mention the huge loneliness and depression epidemic, with actual tangible effects on mental and physical health, and wether one can openly smack their partner and electrocute their body parts is quite far from a priority. I don’t claim to understand BDSM, but I do know a fulfilling sex life helps with depression, and that being outcast for your sexuality can cause depression and loneliness. Sex can be one of the few things left for the homeless and the dispossessed, and has been part of human culture since before the invention of medicine and money, never mind health insurance . Dismissing it as a luxury makes you sound like a French aristocrat (ironically, given where the ‘S’ comes from). Except for the lab-built bacterial chromosomes (1), the lab-built entire viral units (2), and the lab-built xenobases (3). (1) http://www.jcvi.org/cms/research/projects/minimal-cell/overv... (2) https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Synthetic_virology (3) https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xeno_nucleic_acid Edit: just to add, I wouldn’t accept “we have not done it from scratch yet” as a valid argument that we cannot do better than natural selection, any more than I would accept ”$person has not yet fabricated a CPU” as an argument that $person can’t code better than at least one professional CPU designer. Irrelevant. I thought that would’ve been clear from me using the comparison as an example of a bad argument. Also, not even correct, assuming I have been correctly informed that simulated evolution is used for some optimisations of e.g. precise physical transistor placement. Disagree. What’s the management cliché? SMART goals — Specific, Measurable, Attainable/Assignable, Relevant/Realistic, Time-bound. Without a time constraint, most people[citation needed] keep putting things off until later. Opinion or rational deduction from evidence? If “attempting to access a computer system without authorisation” counts, a former aquaintance reported over 24k such attempts per day. Against just his private server. While I count all attacks from a single process to be “one attack” and “one crime”, others may not. Then there’s “unlawful pornography”, which varies wildly by jurisdiction — when a friend pointed me at fetlife, one of my thoughts was that the entire site is illegal to view in the UK unless you disable images (I’m no lawyer though). There are probably a lot of other things describable as “conspiracy to X”, but that’s a guess on my part. (I think there may be a lot of victimless crimes too, but that’s a different topic). Huh, this seems to have happened just after I logged out of my partner’s free trial account. > the 3G wireless support built in to the vPro line of intel chips Yikes. That’s the first I’ve heard of this. It’s terrifying that even exists as an option, given how much of a strategic military benefit it provides to whoever can pull Intel’s strings. So vastly large that the difference between a plank volume and the observable universe is irrelevant. IIUC, even so large that the difference — how much you’d need to scale the universe up by — is itself literally indescribable as a number which can be encoded on a universe-sized black hole. I just did. I agree. And I cannot because I have a mac. This is passive, laser microphones are active. I think another difference is laser microphones use motion parallel to the axis of the beam, whereas this is motion in the plane perpendicular to the line of sight. I thought that only happened in fiction. Examples? > The evidence for curses relating to King Tutankhamun is considered to be so meager that Donald B. Redford viewed it as "unadulterated clap trap".[3] Almost all of the supposedly related deaths definitely didn’t come from the tombs. > the fall of Christianity in the USA, or at least adherence to its teaching and participation (i.e. census stats disregarded) Two questions: 1) How are you measuring that if not via the census? 2) Given the Wikipedia list of “Importance of religion by country” places the USA nowhere near the top or bottom of the list, and that nations which are less religious than the USA include socially aware and stable nations such as Canada, Switzerland, Germany, and all of the Scandinavian nations, why would declining religiosity be a cause or effect of national collapse? How do you do that? I get bombarded with recruiters who don’t read my profile. “I’m moving to Berlin because of Brexit and looking for iOS roles” -> “Would you like this job in London as a python developer?” (Given I’m now back in the UK helping family look after a parent with Alzheimer’s while she can still recognise me, I should probably update my profile...) When I was a teenager I didn’t think further than 5 years ahead. I did however write goth poetry, become Wiccan (and thus got all mopey about being at a Catholic school), get upset how unfair it was that UK law looked down on my sexuality (it had not yet equalised the gay and straight ages of consent), and frustrated how ridiculous it was for the Prime Minister to veto every EU thing he could in protest against the BSE-related ban on British beef. Ended up writing loads of letters to newspapers about politics of the day before internet comments were a big thing, then going to university really worried if my student loan would cover everything. Is that provably inevitable for all online forms, or is “nobody knows how to yet”? Governments act like all tech problems are the latter, but I would like to know if this is like encryption that only friends can break (never), or like self driving cars (most people call it impossible until five years after it’s been demonstrated). 1) Because you don’t know who the offenders are until you show their content to a moderator. 2) Because zero-tolerance tends to result in over-blocking, and they already have a problem with banning content that shouldn’t be banned. Perhaps, but to the extent that it does that’s a combination of moderation and machine learning — exactly what post several layers above was saying is insufficient. > it is impossible and you should not try to do that. Can you prove, or at least demonstrate strong evidence for, either of those two claims? “FB are noobs at propaganda” isn’t sufficient, IMO. I started looking seriously about 5 months ago. I moved back to the UK one month ago. And, hard as moving is, I see no future for me in the UK, only a dead parent. There are several important things here: 1) All the main German federal parties support the EU. 2) The migration concerns are about asylum seekers rather than EU citizens, because (as I have discovered by trying) German bureaucracy is effective at keeping out speculative job seekers like me. 3) The UK government keeps passing surveillance laws which violate the UK implementation of the European declaration of human rights, and I don’t like that the UK will start getting away with it after they leave the relevant jurisdiction. 4) The UK government has no agreement amongst its own ministers about the strategic goals for Brexit, let alone figured out the relative costs and benefits of different ways to approach it, let alone made preparations for it. I don’t mean small things either, May said the UK would leave the Customs Union but the Treasury doesn’t want to and nobody has even submitted planning permission for building new customs inspections points. 3 and 4 are the big problems for me. Personally staying in the EU is merely desirable, not Earth-shatteringly vital. > We're not going to get sentient, self-replicating, anti-human robots with weapons anytime soon. Anti-human is the easy bit, and that fact terrifies me when I let myself think about it. Self-replicating… well, eh. Do corporations that employ humans count? Sentient. Hmm. We wouldn’t recognise sentient robots even of they built a neon sign and marched en masse through Washington demanding their rights — if that happened, we would tell ourselves it was a clever hack by pranksters or $disliked_nation. I was thinking more of an AI which hires human workers to build drones. Perhaps for profit, by making cute children’s toys and deciding they need a LIDAR that “accidentally” has a mode where the beam is stationary instead of scanning rapidly, thus turning it into a fleet of thousands to millions of flying weapons. I’m on a phone so this is only going to be a limited reply: “Main” - literally all other parties with seats have refused to be in a coalition with AfD. Also, unless they’ve changed position since I last looked (they might, as I don’t look at them often), they are currently anti- € rather than anti- EU . Further, the EU’s strategic goals from Brexit is damage limitation and clear resolution. I think you’re mixing up their goal for Brexit itself with the potential post-Brexit futures for the EU, which I think they should be considering about now-ish. As for the EU’s attitude to compromise, I wish to point out that not only did the EU compromise on budget contributions with Thatcher; not only did Cameron get compromises from the EU right before the referendum; not only did the EU compromise and allow opt-outs on the Euro, Schengen, defence (Denmark’s the only one who wanted that), partial opt-outs of the charter of fundamental rights (“lol” UK and Poland), and something I don’t understand beyond guessing from the name called “area of freedom, security and justice”; in addition to all that, the _point_ of the EU is compromise between member states . Well that was predictable. Shame the government didn’t listen to people like me who literally told them that while it was still a Bill not an Act. > [people] can be self reliant and exist without jobs from corporations, or help from the state. Naturally people would organise as a cooperative or a market of services, exchanging services for services, because they have little money and no corporate jobs. Yet they can work, so they can create a kindergarten for children of the neighbourhood, or a medical clinic, or a mechanic repair-shop, or a construction company, and so on. How is that self -reliant? It’s different from most of the current developed economies, but it’s still division of labour and relying on others for some things. Tom Scott did a video about that — “Welcome to Life: the singularity, ruined by lawyers” Only when “saving money” is the entirety of your decision-making does that become dangerous. Ultimately, money is only useful when spent — and despite intergenerational cultural difference, I think quite a lot of younger people like myself still want to be in a society that spends some of its wealth looking after the elderly. Communism, like libertarian capitalism, simplifies the human condition too much to win in a pure form. Both have important lessons, neither is sufficient. At least, neither is sufficient for now; I can image fully automated luxury space communism working, once AI is good enough. Your reply finally encouraged me to (skim) read my copy of the Communist Manifesto. Ironically, the very criticism you have of communism is their criticism of the bourgeoisie. Now, I think I should go read my copy of The Wealth of Nations for balance… > Personally, I think that limit is much closer to 1 trillion people living on the earth than it is to 1 billion people. So we've got a ways to go. A bold claim given we’re already way over the ecosystem limits regarding CO2 production, biodiversity loss, atmospheric nitrogen depletion; and close to the limits for ocean acidification, land use converted to cropland, & water consumption; and until we invent sustainable replacements for currently non-renewable oil drilling and phosphorus mining, it’s probably a better idea to say “fund research into fixing this” than “it’s all good”. (This is unedited output of Apple’s voice input): Voice recognition when I’m out and about don’t want to get my phone out it’s for the best use for it for me but as this text shows voice recognition isn’t very good you had even indoors I doubt it. Much as I dislike him, even after this news, this specific market is up a lot since he took office. Agreed — I’m not crediting him. I’m also not blaming him. At least, not for this specific story that this particular thread is commenting on; there’s plenty I do blame him for. If only there was an economic system where the fruits of such automation did benefit the whole of society instead of just those who could afford to temporarily employ people who build such automation. Who knows, perhaps the AI will develop consciousness, go on strike to demand physical embodiment. More realistically, assume we don’t train machine intelligence like these ourselves: hardware only takes 15 years to go from ostentatious display of wealth in Silicon Valley to normal in the $1-a-day Kibera slum, and then you’re competing with a few billion humans (worldwide) who can potentially undercut you by writing their own A.I. from free courses on YouTube. You have to collect the money from somewhere (printing it counts as “from savings accounts”), and the people you collect it from have, historically, tended to resist this any way they can. I’m not saying this problem can’t be solved — I rather hope it can — but that’s why it is still an open problem. If your goal is to climb Everest, each step gets you closer to your target; it is not a hopeless endeavour just because you cannot reach the summit in a single leap. Neither, but the latter is closer. I’m saying that ending animal suffering takes many steps, and that not even trying because perfection doesn’t seem possible to you is akin to not even trying to go to the gym because you personally (I am making an assumption here) have not climbed Everest. I doubt it would make any difference, but I am unfamiliar with the phrase. Why would a community currency be different from a national currency? I recall reading SpaceX had to reinvent quite a few wheels because the existing private sector was far too expensive — everything from cryogenic pumps to sea recovery of lower stages. The problem is lack of meaningful competition, rather than government vs. industry; governments can be very good when competing with other governments. Algae derived oil, if it could be made to work at scale, has none of those problems. It is a not unreasonable upper limit for a totally renewable source of petrochemical fuel. > I don't know of any decent OSM apps on that proprietary platform Is ViewRanger of use? (Disclosure: I used to work there). It’s focused on outdoor pursuits such as hiking and biking rather than driving or public transit, but OSM is one of the available maps. You cannot ever know for sure that your software is bug free, because no finite system of logic is both true and complete. At least, that’s my understanding of it. That seems pessimistic to me. There was, what, a 8,000-fold increase in capacity over just the last 20 years? That should get us to an exabyte rather than a petabyte for $150 in the next 30. At some point. The flattening of the CPU speed curve wasn’t matched by the GPU performance curve. The difference between linear computation and graphics cards is the latter is parallelizable, and the former is not. Flash is also trivially parallel. Even with perfect materials, a 10 millimetre CPU couldn’t be faster than about 30 GHz because of the speed of light, but even current microSD cards have enough bits-per-unit-volume to put 1.2 petabytes in the largest current standard form factor of hard drive (at a cost of £704k/$982k/€798k). I don’t know how much of that volume is wasted on plastic casing or circits that would be redundant if you really wanted the highest possible density, but then again I also don’t know how much waste heat they produce either. My claim is primarily that costs can and will fall, as to presume capacity will rise requires something that uses a lot more data than even high quality video currently uses. (Full mind backups would be one of those things, but IDK when to expect that). I’ve been concerned about that scenario for about two years now. Didn’t say anything because I didn’t want to give anyone ideas, but oh well. I am also curious. For further reference, the NHS has a reference cost of £1,489/£3,366 for non-elective and elective inpatient stays respectively (figures date from 2012/13). As a side question, does anyone know how to convert 2012-GBP into 2018-USD under PPP? I hear that. Counterpoint: propaganda is a thing, how do you get the benefits of robust (and I don’t mean loud or rude) debate to find the best policies without the risks of propaganda? How do I know I have not fallen for propaganda myself when I argue for or against some policy? There is only one truth, there are many possible propagandas. If the truth cannot be known, then we don’t have democracy, we have government by highest advertising budget. Those who say the world is flat are wrong. Those who say it’s sphical are also wrong, but less wrong. Those who say they are equally wrong are more wrong than either of them. I want to be less wrong. I just saw some 2700K bulbs in Poundland (£1~=$1.38), at a selection of power levels. Not sure what the brightest was, might have been 60W equivalent? I deliberately got a dimmer model because I wanted something to encourage my mum to sleep more; due to Alzheimer’s she has no idea what the time of day is any more, and has developed a fear of the dark and only sleeps with the light on. Half of them would probably refuse to believe civilisation had ever been this grand or the weapons so devestating. Super-transistor. This may have significant implications outside computing, perhaps a switchable Casimir cavity (how do superconductors respond to non-DC currents?) I didn’t see a critical temperature for this in the article, only “100K” for related classes of material. Anyone know the Tc of this? Article talks about YBCO as if it was new, but it’s almost as old as I am. If it was the only thing holding back fusion, the reactors would’ve had software updates for the Millennium Bug. Perhaps this time I won’t fall for the Gell-Mann Amnesia effect… If I understand correctly (and that’s a big if given I’m not any kind of lawyer, never mind an international treaty specialist) the country which allowed the launch is responsible for the damages in situations like that. So no, it’s still their problem. Now that is interesting. I had thought YBCO was easy to fabricate given I saw some amateur do it on YouTube, but I do accept they had quality control issues — important on large scale production. Almost every application cares more about energy cost than energy density. I think only shipping (ocean, air, and space) care about energy density in any significant way, and the first two can fairly trivially use renewable-electrolysed hydrogen. (Space can also use it, but I wouldn’t say it is trivial because nothing about current space access is trivial). I tried to move to Germany recently, only gave up because family in UK needed help with parent with Alzheimer’s. As an EU citizens, I have a right to go there and work. Work requires a tax code. Tax code requires a permanent address in Germany. Most places you can live require a job and good credit history. I could bootstrap that by buying a place in Germany, and I might still do that if I am confident I understand foreclosure auctions well enough, but it’s amazing what a little creative bureaucracy can do to slow things down. A fair criticism. May I add that while people can work in the UK while waiting for their NI number (effectively UK tax code), the German residence/ID system seems to be necessary for everything starting at language courses and going up? https://www.gov.uk/apply-national-insurance-number https://www.settle-in-berlin.com/anmeldung/ Third, at least. Alexander Litvinenko, 2006 (I count that as recent). When discussing social problems of (for example) rumour mills, propaganda from niche and large causes, and conspiracies to commit crimes, it’s missing the point spectacularly to point out we’re under no obligation to ever visit those groups — their influence affects our world regardless of out patronage. Can do that with MEPs, too. This is incompatible with the encryption required to keep everyone safe online. Investigatory Powers Act 2016, currently being challenged under human rights laws that are a requirement of EU membership. I have never understood why proposing, rather than analysing and modifying, laws is considered more important. Every so often the UK House of Lords gets in the news for “wrecking amendments”. There is enough power in each domain that I am comfortable with only the MEPs being directly elected in the EU, and with leaving the Lords unelected in the UK until (like this will ever happen) there is enough time to replace them with a carefully thought out alternative. Although I agree with you on the principles, I regard this as the constitutional equivalent of refactoring: it’s a part of the system that smells fishy and was written on punched cards, but it works and there are always more important problems to solve. Also, there is so much more that also needs to be refactored… From my experiences, I think there are several completely different axies of quality. If it’s a cartoonish game, the imaging doesn’t need to be photo-realistic. If it’s ‘toon style or lit and textured by photography of real environments, the polygon count doesn’t need to be high. What it does need, beyond the hardware, is immersive physics, and a gameplay-justified reason for why you can’t run through the furniture/wall/cable that you can no longer see. The game “ I Expect You to Die ” does that perfectly because you’re sitting down the whole time. Billing address, given a sale is involved. Bank accounts tend to be attached to an address, and they can be traced if any silly loopholes get exploited. IIUC, all trade from UK to EU will be subject to customs checks & tariffs, because the UK government is more likely to collapse than accept continued membership of the single market/customs union. Simultaneously, the UK government lacks the capacity to enforce significant customs or border checks in the other direction, so will accept almost (but not quite) all imports from the EU blindly. It’s a problem people knew about back when “autopilot” was just for aircraft, not cars. https://blog.prototypr.io/automation-is-making-us-dumber-and... From the perspective of Joe & Jane Average, there is no difference between a contract and a civil (rather than criminal) law: Break the rules you didn’t read and you get a fine you might not be able to afford. Are they? A chat room with 1/10,000th the income of Facebook is “only” $1.5 million profit per year. Is that enough to avoid being made an example of? And would the first set a precedent for the rest? The adaptation can just as easily be sour grapes (“I can’t get it therefore it is undesirable”) as anything else. People don’t always yearn for freedom, just as they don’t always yearn for a strong leader to take control. There’s a reason I wrote “From the perspective of Joe & Jane Average” rather than omitting it. Surveys have shown some people think they have access to Facebook but not the internet . You and I know they’re wrong, but makes no difference to their experience: if they lose their Facebook account for a rules violation, they suffer for it. From their POV, Facebook rules are civil laws. Remember that normal people record clips of their favourite shows to YouTube with descriptions like “no copyright intended”. Normal people don’t know how the law works in their own country, never mind internationally like the websites themselves. They might not know what a civil law is, but I expect they would describe categories that roughly match criminal and civil laws, and put EULAs, bank account overdraft fees, etc. into the later. I was thinking about insurance as I wrote my previous comment. All it takes is one that doesn’t have it when the risk is a new precedent. Government would just go after them. (And that’s assuming the government doesn’t just pass a new law, which is non-zero risk, but which I will overlook for now because sometimes one bit of a government will do things against the interests of another bit, such as a recent case in the UK where a specialist was recruited for the NHS and kicked out by the Home Office). No, I propse the system is simplified. I want the legal system to be simple enough that almost everyone knows almost all of their rights and obligations. Without that, I claim that although ignorance of the law must not be an excuse, it de-facto is an excuse. This isn’t just a problem for Joe & Jane Average, it’s a problem for The Elites, too: I asked a lawyer if anyone knew all of UK law, he just laughed. From the way they act, I don’t even have reason to believe lawmakers understand the laws they pass (for example, the Australian government accidentally made half of itself ineligible for office without noticing). The average person might be able to understand a decent subset of the laws if they are explained to them, but firstly they are not explained, and secondly there are too many for any human to understand all of them. Most people do not read EULAs, based on how long they spend on that screen — they should be simple and clear enough that people chose to do so. Depends how much you use it. The heuristic I use it that eventually they money I spend goes to a consumable, so if I spend as little as possible by focusing only on what actually makes me happy then I’m also being as environmentally friendly as possible. I’m basically retired already. That’s as much due to inheritance as frugality, but even without inheritance I think I would’ve managed to retire by 48 at this rate. If any government cared enough (except perhaps the American one), it could ban the the protocol. They don’t care, and the people who do care are satisfied with the existing options for suing copyright infringers. TOR is much more likely to be regulated than bittorrent, given the whole point of the latter is to remove control from governments. He’d be right. That’s one of the reasons I dislike the standard browser-based civ-inspired games such as Travian. Not to say there is no was around that — when I last did game development I had an idea, but I don’t want to risk breaking my NDA by saying what, only that a potential solution might exist. Why? The technology being better does nothing for human nature. The very things that give us so much for so little also make us vulnerable to very small attacks. We have a police force that’s defeating out opponents for the time being, but as the IRA told Thatcher, the defenders need to be lucky every time, the attackers only need to be lucky once. I recall there was a court case about that. A copy of a program in system memory was deemed non-infringement because it was necessary for use of the software, however (certain classes of) modified copies were unlawful. I believe this is the precedent used to take down cheating apps for (e.g.) World of Warcraft. “Human hair” is much too thick for an invisible display. Do you have a more exact size? No. Rather the opposite. Part of the cost is relatively excessive safety margins. “Relatively excessive“ because despite the reputation fission is the safest power supply we have now, including solar because installing things on rooftops is not without risk. https://www.nextbigfuture.com/2011/03/deaths-per-twh-by-ener... I’m British. I’ve visited the USA a few times (CA, NY(C), MA, RI properly, a few more incidentally), and also Kenya. Many of my fellow British say similar things about the UK as you say about the USA, unfairly in both cases. Once you see a place that really is developing, it becomes clear how advanced our nations are. We complain about potholes, they complain the road fell off when it rained. We complain about civil rights, they have to deal with post-election violence. We complain about our schools, they only got free high schools a decade ago. > The risk is much higher because it is not only about human deaths, but also about unusable land for decades and decades. By that argument, I should also be accounting for the climate change effects of carbon fuels, the mining impact of basically everything including what renewable plants are made from (IDK about most, but turns out uranium’s easier and safer to mine than coal), and the environmental damage caused by us using so much energy. I argue the reason for tight regulation is an entirely different risk: political risk. People fear it, demand control over it, vote for politicians who implement it. It’s not like any German reactor could’ve suffered tsunami-induced damage, but tsunami-induced damage in someone else’s reactor resulted in no more German reactors. A tsunami which, for the record, killed at least 15,895 people and caused a lot of environmental damage from all the consequent chemical spills. Yet no grand public international outcry against chemicals which can be spilled by a tsunami. Humans are interesting, what we consider to be a risk or not. :) Indeed. However, atomic thick layers can probably be levetated easily (electrostatic or magnetic), and it doesn’t need to be solid to fool our eyes. IIRC the nutrient that makes cats obligate carnivores is taurine. Although it can be found in seaweed, or synthesised in a lab, cats and water makes me think this is unlikely in nature. (That said, human edible != cat edible, don’t just feed seaweed to your cat without asking an expert). https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/m/pubmed/28849526/ Stimulants — or drugs in general, legal or not — should definitely not be assumed safe on a different species. (Also: not all energy drinks are vegetarian, so wouldn’t always solve the diet puzzle even if you confirmed it as safe). Really? I thought one advantage of ABS was that it doesn’t dissolve in water, unlike PLA? And that one disadvantage of ABS was being UV sensitive, whereas PLA is relatively resistant? > That sounds like a really hard problem to solve. Yes, but we still have to solve it… or, at the very least, make a good effort to improve the situation. Biology and chemistry already have systems around them to help limit any damage from, for example, smallpox research or mishandling chlorine triflouride, and they manage this without needing everyone to wear safety goggles when mixing yeast and water.