I don't interview usually but when meeting a fellow programmer - my favorite question is what is your title - e.g. if they say Software Engineer - i ask them if they truly believe software can be engineered.. it's a way to open them up - i like to hear their philosophical views on the construction of software. Having lugged at least 10 pounds of laptop equipment+chargers, I think svelte and powerful are a good combination. The cons are can it live up to being tossed around a bit - My Dell and previous Compaq/Thinkpads could take a beating. I just watched the entire keynote and I think the skinny supermodel sexy MacBook isn't the standout product. Having been an early adopter of Windows Media Center PC, I can say that the PC part got in the way of the entertainment hub experience many a time. And we're not talking BSOD here - just the Penn-and-Teller combination of a PC and Entertainment Hub. Apple TV Take 2 doesn't require a PC. I think it would make a perfect Mother's Day gift (let your in-laws rent movies, see Flickr slideshow of their grandchildren's daily lives, YouTube party tricks). As someone who does tech support for relatives and family members (unwillingly sometimes), I welcome cool new digital devices that might actually not require a manual and tech support. What do you guys think of the Apple TV Take 2. I remember seeing The Titanic many years ago when it came out. During the scene where Kate Winslet poses topless for Leonardo, the artist, I was sitting next to a couple with their 8-or-9-ish year old children. It took a couple delayed seconds for the husband to react and shield his kid's eyes. During that time, the kids didn't flinch; the parents eventually did. Perhaps the kids didn't see anything wrong with seeing boobies - but now they associate them with something forbidden. I've observed co-workers working long days because they don't accomplish much during 9-5. Some people confuse activity with productivity. Quote from Jim Rohn - "If all you get from your job is a paycheck, you're underpaid" I think it's hard to do be good at something if you don't like it - I remember near-falling asleep in some boring (to me) subjects - I think some people are awake but asleep at their job. I feel fortunate that I am young enough to have grown up with the influence of the Internet, yet old enough to have had a formal introduction to the card catalog and good old fashioned go-to-the-library research. I can't imagine what High School would have been like if the Internet had been taking off - I don't think I would have graduated. Assuming they are working day and night, night and day that is close to $417/hr. The aspect of hiring high-class code hookers (or if you find that offensive, Ruby on Rails ninjas) aside, building a successful web site seems to be more about your network's influence when you launch. I wonder what the profit-margin for a top-100 Facebook application might be after paying for bandwidth/server costs, assuming they monetize through displaying advertising. How do independent Facebook application developers compete against the 800-lb gorillas of Facebook, Slide and RockYou? Slide and RockYou seem to prove economies of scale. From Craig Ulliot - developer of 50K+ daily user FB application 'Where I've been' "Well my application has become incredibly popular, and I'm very excited about it, don't get me wrong! But I'm a freelance developer, not a company, and its put a powerful 4GB $450 a month dedicated server on 3 backbones at maximum load and is pushing 2000GB a month in traffic. It doesn't make me any money and I'm getting hundreds of comments and emails daily about it. How can i support it and maintain it? What do i do with it now? its growing at a few users a second, so should i get another server each month?" http://tinyurl.com/yu6k98 Yes, good point. Cheaper than a small team of lawyers. I remember a build-a-website in 24 hours contest nine or so years ago - perhaps Obie and his team might volunteer their productive capabilities for a deserving non-profit? I think the right pro-bono project would generate good PR and better karma. I am interested in seeing what (assuming the who, who comissioned the site allow it) kind of customer experience can be built in three intensive days. As someone who has been at the same software company for 8+ years, reading articles about how you need to have a professional presence / a dossier on the web (blog, LinkedIn) frankly freaks me out. I went to a presentation by a recruiter (for graphic design) who echoed the fact that if you don't have a viable LinkedIn presence - you're not really a candidate. Blogging about personal & software development and learning Wordpress are high on my choose-to-do short list for 2008. What about Alice from Carnegie Mellon? Randy Pausch (of life wisdom) fame. In Alice, programming errors cause objects in the Alice 3D virtual world to have unusual visual properties and/or behavior. http://www.alice.org "Programming in Ruby generally feels like fun" Thank you. That does it. I am going to buy a laptop (probably the Asus EEE, not the MacBook Air) and start learning Ruby on Rails code during my 53 minute train ride. I bought "The Rails Way" because Zed recommended it at the end of his rant, and it's pretty Greek to me. I'll start with beginningrails.com and the Pick-Axe book (Zed's criticism about it, aside) Banks can lend out 10 times their assets. When they have to do a write-down, they are reducing their asset base (and the amount they can loan) Does reducing the interest rate help banks (because the way the Fed does it with T-bill purchases)? Reminds me of an axiom - if you're a jerk before you're rich, you'll probably be a jerk (in spite of and) if you become rich (excessive money amplifies your natural you like alcohol may strip your defenses). Someone saying 'when I'm rich, I'm going to start a charity and build a school... that's doesn't meaning much unless they already volunteer towards that end in some aspect...Empty words. As much as I'd like to say I could do low-level CS, I'm honestly not that good at algorithms. Quick sort? I'm good at problem solving, which is what I think matters. Before I knew better, I used to laugh at those people who found careers doing boring stuff with corporate applications (databases, etc.). The best part of my job is creating something from scratch - a blank screen of an IDE (when not fixing issues). And if we have excess energy after the workday/or on the weekend, we can always exert our creativity on open-source or personal projects. I love software development for the development aspect. How cool is it to say (or not say) to your friends that you could build a cool web startup (the tech is not that hard, except with exceptions)? The best programmers I know are five to six times as productive as average programmers and are paid two to three times as much. One difference between being a rock star programmer and a rock star? Female groupies. Scenario: Consultant on-site. Application not working (Oracle, app server, and/or network issues). Training scheduled for next day. Diagnose/Fix the problem during the teleconference or else.. I work with one. The productivity is an arbitrary measure in terms of how much unit tests they write and core functionality they contribute to the project. Architecture/infrastructure has a definite skewed ratio. It's mainly all server-side. I used to work with another who was known for merciless code reviews where developers would be reduced to almost tears. I avoided him. They aren't the most social of animals but I'd hire him for a startup. Is Reddit supposed to be democratic? I would say its more like a republic (with the representatives elected via Reddit karma points, the powerful getting more powerful) Not that there's anything wrong with that - Seth Godin says the #1 in most categories dominates - Vanilla ice outsells all other ice cream flavors combined. People like leadership, whether its ways to amuse away a little of the day (lolcats, conspiracy theories) or MSM I was even shyer than I was now in college, and I fondly recall wasting away hours chatting with people I never ever met on IRC. Yes, anti-social but not really - even the most shy people need some social contact. I think that's the true power of the Internet - from WoW to Facebook helping guys meet and date women they wouldn't otherwise. I was going to write this: http://www.amazon.com/none-CAR190-Labyrinth/dp/B00000ISLL but I realized I don't have the required skills in: Cocoa, performance, accelerometers, game code, tuning, usability, Objective-C, iPhone SDK, coding, testing Will someone write this? I guarantee I will buy it. Google 'threadless' + 'revenue' Go for it. For bonus points, start a blog about writing it. Build your own iPhone development community. I'll gladly beta test it too. WoW is just the precusor of the real-life Metaverse/Matrix as envisioned in Snowcrash/The Matrix/other SF Check out Job's seminal announcement of the Mac in 1984 (along with several other interesting, excellent presentations). http://www.knowhr.com/blog/2006/08/21/top-10-best-presentati... I see a trend that indicates flattening of revenue + growth Net Sales | Profit 1996 $ 9.8B | -$0.8B 1997 $ 7.1B | -$1.0B 1998 $ 5.9B | $0.31B 1999 $ 6.1B | $0.60B 2000 $ 8.0B | $0.79B 2001 $ 5.4B | -$0.03B 2002 $ 5.7B | $0.07B 2003 $ 6.2B | $0.06B 2004 $ 8.3B | $0.27B 2005 $13.9B | $1.33B 2006 $19.3B | $1.99B 2007 $24.0B | $3.50B *Data from SEC database: Conformity is important for company cohesiveness. It's part of the DNA. It's just that most companies have boring DNA. A minority, some companies like startups have a more radical DNA. When a boring company buys a startup-type interesting company, usually the DNA gets a little mixed (maybe color cubes, even). My sister's friend is an Emergency Room physician. After talking to her, you would be scared to leave your apartment and do something risky like crossing a city street. I remember having temporary pain from working alot and it would go away after a couple days... The bad thing - at some point, it becames residual - no amount of rest (short of 6-12 months of keyboard abstinence) will let you recover. You have to start proactively manage - You've broken the proverbial straw on the camel's back. That was years ago, I have a much-less painful, residual level of aching (2.5 on a scale of 1 to 10). Nowadays, I manage my work, with occasional flare ups (4/10). My advice is to get WorkPace restbreak software to force you take breaks. Consider using an burst-proof exercise ball chair (forces you to work your abs) http://www.fitter1.com/Catalog/Items/FBCJ.aspx Take Yoga classes, swimming (great full-body exercise, zero-impact). Alexander technique is good for gaining body awareness as well. If you slouch your head is like a bowling-ball weight that causes a domino-effect of strain on your entire backbone/spine. The good thing, if there is a good thing about RSI symptoms, is that you may start to realize that you may not be able to be a programmer for as long as you wanted and you start to diversify and you will not take your programming job for granted. And you become a much more efficient programmer.. If we continue the multi-task metaphor, i think it's the context-switching that hurts the effectiveness of multi-tasking in work. If the interruption is over instant messenger, it's not as bad. Sometimes I have to put on headphones with loud music to cut out the white-noise office chatter. 1. Coding for project 2. Interruption from business analyst on project/another project 3. Write this-is-where-I-am-with-the-code to "mental" disk 4. Answer business analyst 5. Resume coding 6. "Mental" disk: File Not Found (see 3) +1 for Starchild reference. I saw 2001 again recently. Amazing work. I still don't claim to understand it. But it makes you think. Survey: Will Google become self-aware first or will it be able to let you find the missing socks you lost in the laundry? "Let them eat CDO's" I went to a public school that was on par with some private schools. It was funded by real-estate taxes (wealthy area). I had a long discussion about whether wealthy parents make the difference in making their children's education a priority - and we concluded that it is the parent's involvement in their children's education that is important (over money) I give her credit for taking initiative - timing/she was lucky, yes, but smart enough to build a her own "brand", whateverlife.com (I think we can learn from her that you don't have to be perfect/have a business plan to get going - just get it going) I remember super long escalators with signs posted coming out of some of the catacombs of the Tube in London. A quick flickr search (for stand right/[walk left]) shows a lone woman on the ascending escalator walking.. http://tinyurl.com/2f4nta eHarmony's ability to market itself/word-of-mouth is impressive. My relatives/parents are like broken record players 'You know, Roy met his wife through eHarmony...' My friend Mike met his wife through eH as well - I remember him complaining about how long it took to answer the questionnaire set. I work in a cube every day and strategize/dream of getting out of my cube, sometimes hourly My first formal programming class was a summer school (grade-school) experience using HyperCard so I have a sentimental spot for Hypercard Stacks. I remember being wow'd by the demos on the Mac SE. "If all you get from your job is an oversized paycheck..." "In addition, their habitats in corporate America, known as "offices," are disappearing as walls are torn down in the name of improving communication." After a 1+ year complete-gut-and-teardown renovation, we will be shortly moving into our newly renovated offices which has one scrum room per team. No offices, no cubicles (well there are college library type privacy booths but..) I don't know how I'll adjust. Noise-Cancellation Headphones? It's easy to cheer on Google, as Google as they systematically takes on established vertical markets (to sell advertising) and do fairly well in some of them. Why not root for the underdog, Yahoo + MSFT? Reading the day-to-day story of The Point is entrancing to me, an ambitious yet too passive person. Entrancing in a way similar to that of watching awesome Salsa dancers in a Latin club about a year ago. Entrancing enough to get me to start taking lessons and eventually step out onto the public dance floor. Maybe The Point's story will entrance more of us to get out there and start our start-ups. Thank you for recognizing some of us who really want to know what lies ahead and beneath the romanticism of a real start-up. I'm not sure what this has to do about the article but this is a comment that just stood up and yelled to get my attention. From the millionaires I've met, I seem to find that they tell a story that relates to the point they are making. And they're not afraid to admit their weaknesses. And they talk about ideas. Bob Metcalfe: http://tinyurl.com/3yqsb6 "1. Selling Matters I have a six-story townhouse in Boston overlooking MIT on the Charles River. I often invite young engineers and would-be entrepreneurs over to schmooze. Many of them tell me my townhouse is beautiful and they hope to invent something like Ethernet that will get them such a house. The picture they have in their heads is of me lounging around on the beanbag chairs in a conference room at Xerox PARC in 1973. They see me having this idea for a computer network and submitting it as an invention proposal to Xerox. Then they envision me putting my feet up and letting the royalties roll in until I have enough to come up with the down payment on the townhouse with the river view. My picture-the actual picture-is different. It's the picture of innovation rather than invention, the weed instead of the flower. In my picture it's the dead of winter and I am in the dark in a Ramada Inn in Schenectady, New York. A telephone is ringing with my wake-up call at 6 a.m., which is 3 a.m. in California, where I flew in from last night. I don't know yet where I am, or where that damn ringing is coming from, but within the hour I'll be in front of hostile strangers selling them on me, my company, and its strange products, which they have no idea they need. If I persist, selling like this for 10 years, and I do it better and better each time, and I build a team to do everything else better and better each time, then I get the townhouse. Not because of any flowery flash of genius in some academic hothouse. Most engineers don't understand that selling matters. They think that on the food chain of life, salespeople are below green slime. They don't understand that nothing happens until something gets sold. The way I think about it is that there are three sets of people in the world. There is the set of people who will buy your products no matter what (think of your mother). There's the set who will never buy your products (think of your competitors). Both are much smaller than the set of people who will buy your products if the products are competently sold to them. That vast middle set is why sales is so important, and it represents one of the key differences between invention, which comes up with a brilliant new idea, and innovation, which gets that inspiration out into the world. Sales may not matter in invention, but it matters-in a very big way-in innovation." Microsoft, Intel, etc. fear that the next hundred million computers sold won't run Windows and won't be Pentium 4 SUV-gas guzzlers but economical, efficient vehicles that transport adults and children alike on the information superhighway (did I really just say information superhighway?) This is the most informative forum on Software Development with the EEE: http://forum.eeeuser.com/viewforum.php?id=19 The threads on LAMP indicate the drawbacks (usually UI-oriented) and point to the little quirks needed to install LAMP. The appeal of a laptop the size of a hardback book (but thinner) is sexy, since I carry a small bag that can hold a not-to-thick hardback book. Many years ago, I used a Sharp Actius ultralight A100 with a 89% of actual size keyboard (17mm). The Asus EEE is 79% of actual size (15mm). I can remember coding on it was basically pound out code now, pay later (it would hurt). For some reason, this reminds me of way-back when Pointcast was all the rage. Pointcast had a lot of potential (but the API was flawed). Twitter has demonstrated its potential. XMPP servers might not only make a better Twitter but help bring it to the mainstream (twitter - "Mom, pick me up at school") To think that Grand Central was under pressure to be demolished, until Jackie Kennedy lead a movement to save it... OK, I've read Twitter has heart-stopping SMS usage bills (they use 3rd party gateways). XMPP client for OpenSocial/Android/iPhone anyone? We need to break the strangehold of SMS/Phone company gateways. As much as I like elegant languages, sometimes (when crunch is on at work), I feel like I'm paid to copy-and-paste code (80%) and do the 20% (or more) modification that differentiates me from a trained monkey... Finally a Adobe Flex AIR Application that makes sense! - let normal people create their own personal/personalized widgets. +100 for the execution It's all opt-in :) Get over it. There are more than 11 reasons. Privacy is relative, especially in a world where your identity can be associated with a fixed static IP (common for broadband or MAC address - wireless). Only when egregious errors are made e.g. Facebook Beacon broadcasting on the newsfeed what someone bought for Christmas presents is it really visible. Deleting cookies (see what happens when you clear the cookie cache in YC, you're still logged in) does something for your privacy but not really. TripIt could be a nice orbitz acquistion I've found that we don't know how much we don't know until we try teaching it to someone. Congratulations for choosing to tutor math. Long live SOHCAHTOA. Transport-level mcast requires special routers.. Ah! No wonder I couldn't get the MBone videoconferencing stuff to work with Trumpet Winsock, years ago Brown University He was up 500 million Euros in late 2007 and never thought of going legit? That is serious delusional reality. I think he's as much as a hacker as a script kiddie Ingenious. Made my (early) morning. Reminds me of this proof: "The less you know, the more you make" http://tinyurl.com/yu2swe I know some pharmaceutical reps - they say without irony - that they push (in the drug dealer sense) whatever drug their company wants them to. America is the one of the only countries that allows pharmaceutical companies to advertise directly to consumers. http://tinyurl.com/27y5df No particular reasons...one of my siblings went there. I was never smart enough to even think of applying to this Ivy... The CS program has a reputation Brown attracts a very, diverse interesting intellectual student body (and liberal) Randy Pausch, who delivered a brilliant lecture about living life, ( http://tinyurl.com/38zo2k ) met his mentor there. Most schools are liberal only in the term 'Liberal Arts' for the course catalog. Brown is so liberal they even protest against the computer system not allowing them register for classes whenever they want. See: http://www.brownalumnimagazine.com/july/august_2007/a_course... Thayer Street (the main campus drag) is a wonder. I was trying to learn Salsa dancing by watching videos on the train. That really didn't work and in fact was counter-productive. Weekly lessons here and there helped but I really didn't start climbing up the pretty-steep Salsa learning curve until I started messing up on the dance floor dancing with random women. You can't simulate experience and the hardest thing was getting started (and continuing). I think you learn by taking on new experiences (if you do the same thing at work every day, you're bored and not learning). Programming is similar. We make mistakes and brute-force our way through. We start to recognize patterns. That's experience. It's a lot easier however (even though it's all in the head) to do fail in something if it's only you and the compiler/runtime (who cares if it doesn't work right away, you know it will) - when other people are involved, it's a lot harder (fear of what people think) Is it really 8 years of experience? If you spent the last 6 years doing the same thing basically, it's really just 2 years with lots of sets/reps.. Years of experience are overrated and I think HR folks are just trying to control IT/tech departments by imposing their standard lingo/Y.O.E. requirements In my first programming job, the team was busy with an fix-the-alpha/get-the-beta-out crunch so they assigned me and the other new member a game project to code. I did networked Othello, using Java Swing over Java RMI. The code design was poor since I didn't know better but it kept us busy and we got to present it to the rest of the team (it was a nice diversion from their crunch-time). The code review was strict but good natured (as they knew we didn't know better). But we learned. Photoset for antiquity's sake? Optimistically, we'll probably be in the Matrix/on the Holo-deck by then... "[0] Here is the graph of popularity ~ http://www.tiobe.com/tiobe_index/Python.html At what stage did google decided to adopt python?" I remember using Google back in 1997 or 1998 when it was hosted off of stanford.edu and receiving occasional Python error messages that said nicely that an error occurred and it had been logged.. Schools are an interesting ecosystem. As anyone who has walked from building A to building B to building C to building A to work out some issue can attest, inefficiency and resistance to change may be part of their DNA. YC sounds like a fantastic opportunity. I would pour-your-heart into the application and if you do get the offer - write a hand-written letter ( no email ) and FedEx it to your internship contact. In the letter, tell your internship liason exactly what you told us - explain your feelings for why you regret turning them down (tell them how you feel, don't use logic). people buy on emotion and rationalize with logic (even the most logical people). Carpe diem!... We had to read portions of Kuhn's book in college. Dense reading. Ever hear the phrase "paradigm shift"? He's responsible for launching that into our mindspheres. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paradigm_shift I remember from my Thermodynamics class that modern gasoline engines are only about 37% theoretically efficient (most of the energy is lost as heat). Even if his invention doesn't violate scientific paradigms and is merely a more efficient induction motor, it might build a market. Your title really caught me. Google does own part of us. I have a degree in Civil Engineering. Since I was bored/nearly falling asleep in some of my structural engineering classes, I knew it probably wasn't the field. (I've always loved coding/playing with computers). An engineering degree really emphasizes problem solving. We had homework sets where you'd be lucky to solve all of them. Spending hours on a single problem. But you learn a lot. I see software development mainly as creative problem-solving. Getting my first job was a combination of luck and persistence. Thanks. I like your suggestions to read and eventually hopefully grok it. I think it's interesting how nervous/unconfident I am to actually start learning Ruby and Ruby on Rails (Pragmatic Programmer advice to learn a new language every year aside). And about doing something daily - it's a nice benefit that a job lets us get paid while maintaining/expanding our knowledge of the programming language we primarily use for that job. I'll build my first to-do list (after this weekend - prepping for my first party on Saturday - was too scared to do it alone, so asked a friend to co-host, overinvited, she overinvited, 41 people have RSVP'd yes?!) It's all about getting started and doing something daily so you don't regress. There is no such thing as failure only feedback, I've heard. It's true. Thank you. It all adds up. The habit I'll have to break - stop falling half-asleep on the train. To actually make use of the time the long commute affords. What goes with Heroku? Red or white.. Cloud or localhost. Interesting. This might make Ruby more palatable Edit: Heroku already responded! The Ruby environment looks great. Time to watch some screencasts. Kind of like cooking watching a Cooking show. This means I can bring my ancient supermodel-skinny Sharp laptop (P-233MMX) to a coffee shop and hack Ruby code! If you are in a funk, go to somewhere with a lot of people and say hi with a smile to first twenty people you cross paths with. The first 15 probably won't respond but once you cross a magic line and people start smiling back you'll feel more connected I'm excited to beta test. Who needs a MacBook Air to create your own interesting RoR project? This will let me hack Ruby on an ancient laptop. For bonus points, eventually, perhaps they could offer for-fee code reviews... Already got a response. I'm in! Though I don't know what to do as I don't know any Ruby. Time to learn... "Hello, Heroku!" here I come! No confirmation. But less than a half-hour later got the invitation email... Can we assume you won't go for the hat-trick as you probably already have the skills to pay the bills. My high school friend went there and always talked about how many bars per square mile there were in Madison. A ridiculous number. Not that that matters but... I've been armchair-surfing the Portland tech scene. This blog about the PDX tech scene is interesting.. http://siliconflorist.com/ "Calagator, the community project designed to give Portland one tech calendar to rule them all, has quickly begun to show signs of progress. In fact, events have begun populating the calendar already." http://calagator.org/ I didn't know Oregon (Corvallis) had such a vibrant technology culture/market. Do you still practice your art for fun and non-profit? I think exercising creativity is important for personal satisfaction. Chicago has the best waterfront in my option and the best summers. The restaurant and art scene are top-notch. The winters though... In Silicon Valley, the 2nd graders are talking about tech companies before they talk about U.S. History (my cousins) If you aren't in Silicon Valley or a similar tech hub, you won't be able to network as effectively (face-to-face with people you know and people you don't know). I think sites like hotornot.com would not have been successful had they been launched without the founder's network (and location which is almost the same thing) - critical mass builds quickly with the right network. Web - YouTube for all its hype made it ridiculously easy to convert video formats into Flash Video. No one I recall had done that before. Ask anyone if they thought they'd see videos embedded in web pages by the normal user.. Client - IntelliJ (yes, it's an IDE that I use but they hired smart, some near-wizard-level Czech/Russian programmers and did the marketing from the states - to impressive success on both ends) Client - Portal - ok it's a cool game but shows that ground-breaking ideas can come from students [Digipen] ( http://ps3.ign.com/articles/721/721542p1.html ) Related - a visual trick but amusing nonethless: http://www.metacafe.com/watch/360289/david_blaines_self_tyin... I agree. Some of the most technologically impressive startups are doing stuff with actual hardware (note hardware is a broad term to encompass everything from cells to robots) "2007 Young Innovators Under 35 Since 1999, the editors of Technology Review have honored the young innovators whose inventions and research we find most exciting; today that collection is the TR35, a list of technologists and scientists, all under the age of 35. Their work--spanning medicine, computing, communications, electronics, nanotechnology, and more--is changing our world." http://www.technologyreview.com/TR35/index.aspx P.S. I vote for the Roomba - bringing robotics to consumers in a safe, friendly non-Robocop kind of manner A wiser adult once convinced me that the entire theory of capitalism is based on overpaying you when you're young and underpaying you for the next 40 years... When it comes to programming, I believe some of the most capable programmers outsource the programming to the junior programmers who are still all about the latest technology/acronym and haven't grokked the underlying fundamental patterns/architectures/commonalities/integration. By the time programmers gain enough experience to see that it's all the same, they might be starting to look at starting their true legacy, a family (not code that lives on) I'm glad to hear that you are able to contribute both your programming and artistic (and probably leadership) skills. My brother-in-law is a photographer and he's started to sell some of his photographs at small art fairs. I've always wanted to be able to sit in a busy city park and either do caricatures or play classical guitar and draw a crowd to a stop and make a moment of their day more beautiful.. But it takes practice and practice. Not a priority, just a pipe-dream right now. I'm starting to get involved with a non-profit - PHP stuff - I think it's better than stuffing envelopes (e.g. provide value with your skills) Classic Dilbert cartoon about dual monitors. It rings true... Disclosure: I'm very happy with my secondary Dell 20" LCD - put my term windows and mail/IM windows there. The cartoon is not available on the main dilbert site anymore... Hopefully this link works. http://i151.photobucket.com/albums/s133/fottizio/Varie/dilbe... I remember seeing Paul Buchheit's (Gmail creator) setup for pair programming. It is extra-ordinary. Two laptops, one 1080p 42"+ HDTV http://paulbuchheit.blogspot.com/2007/06/quick-big-screen-de... http://tinyurl.com/2s9jz6 It's good for people to have a job, even if they are not the best one for that job. It helps keep the framework of society together. Ideally, people could exercise their true talent and get paid but it's not always easy to get paid for what you like to do. Like Jim Rohn says - if all you get from your job is a paycheck, you are underpaid. It's a series of checks and balances - no perfect job is out there - it's up to you to make the best of it. Bitnet Congratulations!! I'm an armchair film aficionado. I went to a pitch competition featuring pre-vetted aspiring film makers last year and it was fascinating enough to make me start wondering about the whole process and if I really could write a potential screenplay. Whoa. Jaw drops I cringe everytime I see someone use Windows on their home PC with an account with Administrator rights Marc deserves credit for proposing IMG. http://1997.webhistory.org/www.lists/www-talk.1993q1/0182.ht... "I'd like to propose a new, optional HTML tag: IMG Required argument is SRC="url". This names a bitmap or pixmap file for the browser to attempt to pull over the network and interpret as an image, to be embedded in the text at the point of the tag's occurrence." Start a profitable business and be successful in mentoring others how to start their profitable business (not network marketing by any means) Congratulations to these pre-Web 2.0 Web 2.0 founders... Hot or Not is a superb example of being in the right place at the right time with the right idea and the right skills and a bit of luck "It all started the evening of October 3, 2000, when I was sitting in my living room sharing a few beers with my roommate, Jim Young, and my brother, Tony. Jim had just mentioned that he thought a girl we had met at a party was a perfect "10," when the idea suddenly came to me: "Wouldn't it be funny to have a Web site where you could rate random pictures of people from 1 to 10?" ...I got about 15 hours of sleep over AmIHotorNot.com's first eight days—the time during which we addressed most of our scalability issues. Eight days after launching, we broke the one million page view barrier, reaching more than 1.8 million page views that day. By the end of November, we made NetNielsen's list of the top 25 advertising domains. The site now runs smoothly, and has handled as many as 14.8 million page views in a single day without even yawning. Looking back, I think that week of scaling easily wins distinction as the most stressful, most exhausting, most rewarding week I've ever had in my life. In this trial by fire, we certainly learned an incredible amount about building and scaling a Web application." From the story of amihotornot.com's first week of life (and near death by HTTP requests) ( http://www.webtechniques.com/archives/2001/05/hong/ ) Did you roll-your-own graph display UI library or use someone elses? I stopped watching TV when I moved to the city. Season 2 of Lost was the hardest show to give up. Now I spend more than the time I spent watching TV commuting to the suburbs. Credit cards. American Express and (what is now) Visa issued their first credit cards in 1958. Before credit cards, it was difficult for an individual to borrow against future earnings (this is essentially what buying using credit is) Friends who have met Bill Clinton in person say he makes you feel great/important even though they only meet him for mere seconds. I mean, he is an ex-POTUS and he makes you feel like the star. If that isn't charisma, what is? As a student of Toastmasters, when I saw that speech live on TV, I knew he'd be a presidential candidate. But in 2008? Never would have guessed so soon. Great speakers connect with the audience. Good speakers merely tell. Web 2.0 is about user-generated content/discussion. They were ahead of the curve in realizing and/or stumbling on that. Yes, user-uploaded pictures barely meets minimum standards for "user-generated content" and hot-or-not voting barely meets minimum standards for "discussion". And you might say it was the first Web 2.0 site that spread virally.. After the final surge to get my CTM and moving office locations, I dropped out. I still do get a public speaking fix through some storytelling gigs. I'd rather not say which specific club (I like to think I am a wallflower) but that Toastmaster club is/was a fantastic supportive environment to practice public speaking. For the only way to learn public speaking is to actually do it. The value of the feedback (handwritten comments that you get after a speech) was tremendous - where else can you get honest supportive feedback - people want you to succeed. The fact that it was a corporate club that was not my company was a plus - felt safe to talk about whatever - no coworkers (except the one guy I carpooled with). During the Q&A period at a talk by Jeff Barr, the Amazon Web Services evangelist, a venture capitalist made an insightful remark. He said how they had given a company $4 million in financing. $1 million of that went to purchase/lease server hardware and storage. Amazon.com's web services flips the traditional startup/venture capital financing paradigm. How? #1 You can test out your business model on a small scale without investing heavily in infrastructure. Why build it before they come? Is your business model working? Is it profitable? You can find this out. As a side effect, the businesses built on amazon.com's web services may be more self-sustaining than one that is simply siphoning off from a pool of initial capital funding . #2 You can scale as needed with EC2 and virtual machines. EC2 lets you go from 10 to 100 to 1000 virtual machines in real-time, all running your virtual machine image. The caveat is: you need to learn how to build the right virtual machines and manage your virtual machines. Jeff made a remark about how erlang and map-reduce (both esoteric languages that deal with managing scalability) will be valuable skills in probably just a year. #3 Your costs can go down. Why? Moore's law and whatever law/maxim regulates storage. As storage costs go down, Amazon.com can transfer on the savings to you - you can actually pay less per gigabyte of storage in 6 months. Compare that to having storage hardware that steadily depreciates and heads to slow obsolescence. Taking on a personal challenge and then writing about it Startup idea: Convince celebrities (A,B,C-list) to twitter (Significant privacy issues aside) I read an article once that suggested that colleges and universities are part of a mafia-type organization that extorts parents/students to pay high tuition fees...otherwise the student won't be able to get a decent white-collar job as an adult (the whole college degree required deal) I highly recommend Show Stopper!: The Breakneck Race to Create Windows NT and the Next Generation at Microsoft http://www.amazon.com/Show-Stopper-Breakneck-Generation-Micr... Fun drama like a C++ programmer spending months to get a simple window to appear on screen (e.g. building the Win32 API). Dave Cutler from DEC throwing things. Great idea. And not a bad one that would be applicable to CAPTCHAS as a whole. If non-technical. E.g. ask the user like 'What color is a US Dollar Bill' Wow. makes me feel old. I used to curse Netscape (if I wasn 't cursing IE) and curse IE (if I wasn't cursing Netscape) about DOM support. I used to write Javascript to programatically manipulate DHTML layers by hand and use Dan Steinman's DHTML library. It's so much easier now using Prototype et al. I've changed my mind. After reading some of these answers. I remember reading (some possibly apocryphal) stories about Tibetan monks able to run for days on end and sit on mountaintops in freezing weather without getting cold. I would attempt to learn how to unlock the true power of the mind and teach others to do so (to eliminate fear and the self-talk stuff that stops us) http://www.presscluboftibet.org/china-tibet-17/lung-gom-pa.h... Wow. All this walk down Internet memory lane. Made me remember GaboCorp. Remember GaboCorp >?> - the kick-ass Flash website done by a teenager/young adult? Well, get this, he has a blog http://pixelbreath.gabocorp.com/.. . he's all grown up - and just resigned as UX Lead for Comcast Interactive... Ideally, a home office with a lakefront view. But I'd settle for elements from Adobe/Flickr as shown at: http://www.officesnapshots.com/ Do children need to conjure up virtual/imaginary friends anymore with toys like these? Amazing technology but I think playing in the dirt with action figures is a dying art among the single-digit-year-folks. I wonder if they are doing real-time voice synthesis. We've come a long way since the Speak & Spell (from E.T.). African-American woman. Born to teenage unwed mother in rural Mississippi. Later raised in Milwaukee ghetto. Molested by relatives at age nine. Runaway, living on streets as teenager. Pregnant and gives birth to son (who died in infancy) at 14. Drug user in her 20s. Extraordinary stage presence and social and Oratorical skills since early childhood. Oprah In the city where I live, some of the homeless are mentally ill. A friend who works for one of the city hospitals says a lot of homeless hang out near the hospital, they scare her when she goes to work there early but they are desparate to be admitted and taken off the streets. Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, powered by Windows I believe I saw photos of that college green in "How Buildings Learn" Highly recommended - brilliant book about construction and architecture that applies fully to software development. Basic premise: If you don't build the right infrastructure/architecture, you will have to tear down to rebuild/remodel. All the copies I've lended out have been only returned to me years later. How many people browse News.yc on an iPhone...at the coffee shop... Or in the office bathroom stall .. Or is it just me? Since they got rid of the open wi-fi and replaced it with authentication-required, I find myself using EDGE more +1 Arabic is said to be one of the difficult languages to start learning Unfortunately, pen names and screen names are chosen to obscure ethnic origins, by marketing necessity, more than choice. My Indian and Asian friends used to know if a telemarketer was calling because the maybe-it-sounds-like this mangling of their surnames and sometimes first names. With the recent outsourcing of telemarketing to Indian call centers, I wonder if pronunciation of their names has improved, if any. Familiarity matters. Attractiveness matters as well. I remember a VH-1 popup video for Fiona Apple that highlighted how many months it had taken Fiona to get from demo tape (one of her friends babysat for a music industry big-shot) to recording contract to hit single. Then it contrasted that with Newt Gingrich (7 years or something to rise to Speaker of House) and other powerful, not-so-attractive individuals. The Apple iPhone is a mobile experience. Those of us who are fortunate to forgo its "lack" of features, understand that it can add value to part of the routine and boredom of day-to-day life. It's actually fun to do something productive and/or kill time with it while out-and-about. From presentation by Jared Spool UX expert: 1st generation - It's about the Technology (Big mainframe computers - had to go to specialized training at HQ to be able to use it, let alone program it. Early dotcom sites where you could theoretically buy something if you could figure it out) 2nd generation - Features (Mobile phones with streaming TV, MP3 - all thrown in, loosely coupled, none integrated, some Internet portals) 3rd generation - Experience (Craigslist, MySpace (it does what their target market wants them to - peer communication), Google is getting there... Facebook is getting there, flying sheep aside). In Jared's opinion, the Apple iPhone leapfrogged directly to the 3rd generation - it's not a phone, it's not a portable computer - it is a great way to kill time (everywhere I go I see people trying to kill time on their mobile phones, rarely is it an iPhone). Hypercard was my first exposure to a Mac and to programming. I remember thinking programming can be fun! I remember staying up to 4am with my college roommate, the night we found installed NCSA Mosaic for the first time. Of course, we regret not becoming wealthy by creating a free email service or whatever (it was wide open) but ce la vie. From my psychology reading, that what we measure tends to improve. So, measuring anything is an important step to improving. A doctor told me that if you don't have a water filter, you are the water filter. That being said, the difference between the quality of most municipal tap water and bottled water is marketing dollars. In some countries, it is a fact that you have to boil the water before drinking it. I was so nervous about avoiding sickness on my last trip to a Latin American country that I used bottled water (on my doctor's recommendation) to rinse out my toothbrush and avoided salad. This reminds me of the people who shop at Whole Foods yet dont recycle and celebrities who drive hybrid cars yet live in 10k sq. ft. houses where the AC/heating bill is hundreds/month. Classic human paradox of how hard it is to do everything right and/or people in glass houses shouldn't throw stones Google "helicopter parents" Some parents feel that it is within their rights to write their children's high school papers. If the pickup school teacher gives his students the courage to approach women (even if it is with a pre-packaged ice breaker), I think that's a significant step: they are initiating and finding that the encounter didn't kill them. And like anything in life, taking a class is just a start - it's up to the student to continue learning (by taking initiative and gaining experience). I think (assuming you are single) that approaching an attractive human of the opposite sex whomps public speaking on the hierarchy of fear or stress-inducing situations. "Technical people are motivated by interesting work. They will put up with abominable working conditions if they get to work on something that interests them. I’ve managed people who had to be sent home at night. But technical people without interesting work are very difficult to manage. Their active minds tend to get them into trouble." -- From Judy McKay, author of "Managing the Test People" ( http://tinyurl.com/3a9m69 ) What is interesting work? That determination is up to the hacker's mind. Poi has worked well for our projects where we have to export customer data to XLS (a commonly-requested feature that is almost like a checklist item) I find the file system within a file (OLE2 compound document) fascinating. I wonder who at Microsoft came up with that idea (or was it really an idea by technical committee) I've bought tens of self-help/self-discovery books and even read some of them. Of those I've read, I've found lots of commonalities and themes. The most important theme, in my mind, which is echoed in successful startups and businesses is: You don't have to get it right , you just have to get it going . . . " (as Mike Litman puts it) I've started doing this again. If you're introspective, it's hard to find someone to talk to about your life - Writing your thoughts and feelings down is immensely therapeutic - it's like listening to yourself. I use a private, password-protected blog (TypePad) and can even use their mobile interface. I find paper diaries can be hard to use as you have to establish a habit, while since most of us are always online in some form - it's easier to journal digitally. I did do lots of journalling years ago (using a bound paper diary) during a difficult workaholic phase and it is painful to read the self-pity and negativeness of the entries. But, it is good to see how I've changed since then. If you don't already have a alpha/beta/gamma of your web application live, I think a prototype of an interesting web project would help raise your application's chances. That being said, interesting ideas are cheap - my goal is to put the time/effort/energe to mold one of my ideas into a live proof-of-concept/prototype by the application deadline... in basically one month's time.. in Ruby on Rails (which I've just started learning). The fact that GMail started out from humble beginnings ("I wrote the first version of Gmail in one day. It was not very impressive. All I did was stuff my own email into the Google Groups (Usenet) indexing engine." - http://tinyurl.com/2zs4pe ) is inspiring. If Xobni gets acquired by Microsoft, I think it would impact the problem of how to manage thousands of emails for potentially millions of frustrated but complacent Outlook users. Well worth the upgrade to Office 2009 ftp://ftp.research.microsoft.com/pub/tr/tr-2002-75.pdf This may be off-thread to some but I believe it is very applicable - content not the platform gives the blog value to your customers and customer developers. For a great example, read http://blogs.smugmug.com/don/ (one of my favorite blogs in terms of technical and personal communication) Engineering is hard. Doing difficult homework problems is not fun. I only know a few engineers who were regulars on the college party circuit. The women in my engineering school (who were the minority) were smart and liked engineering. Xobni is holding out for the possibility of lucrative corporate site-wide licenses (negating the need to be acquired by Microsoft). Most people don't care it's your first day so try not to act like you are special. Especially if they've been coming to work for years more than you have been. Lie low, listen, code. Have a small profile. I made the big mistake of kissing up to the senior developer the first day of my new job (luckily we were able to forget this transgression later on) I'd like to add my own: Software can be developed - it can't be engineered (in the manner of bridges, tunnels, and chemical plants) Does anyone else think YouNoodle is a name that is almost a prank? "Confucius says, 'Of course, you want to be rich and famous,'" Leonard said. "'It's natural. Wealth and fame are what every man desires.'" But Confucius understood there is a moral decision too, and sooner or later an accounting begins. "'The question,' Confucius said, 'is what are you willing to trade for it?'" (From a great NG article about Silicon Valley during the DotCom boom that captures the energy and excitement of SV - http://ngm.nationalgeographic.com/ngm/data/2001/12/01/html/f... ) www.twittervision.com I know that feeling well. Like what am I doing here? Why does everyone know everyone here? Where the pain of going up to a group outweighs the possible benefit of networking.. I used to use the advanced wallflower technique - e.g. stand close but not too close to a group to make it seem like you belong - if the group moves on, go to the next group. Don't get it as much now. Practice. And there are several simple and/or silly techniques that make a huge difference. Silly or simple as they may be. Here's one: talk to people who are standing by themselves, chat and then (this is key) tell them 'i'd like to go meet that group over there. let's go" No problem. I've absorbed the following techniques from a wide range of sources (blogs to books to observing my savvy natural networking friends). Please share your own observations or techniques (i'm not an expert - I just paint myself as one in news.yc land) 1. On your way to the event, choose to smile and say hi to almost everyone you pass. The first ten may not even register a response but once you get to thirty or event twenty hellos, people start to sense your warmness (you're warmed up socially) 2. When you get to the event, pause in the entrance for at least 10 seconds. 3. Silly technique but don't diss it until you try it. When you walk into an unfamilar room, make friends with it. Say (silently) 'Hello wall, nice to meet you. Hello table. how are you" Later you can extend this to (silently) sending out 'Hello person - it's nice to meet you' as you walk around the room. 4. Do not walk around with a drink. Keep your hands free. Walking around with a drink or worse a plate and a drink is like a 'don't bother me. i'm busy feeding myself' Put down your drinks/food and be open. 5. Talk to single individuals and bring them into a group with you (Do not say: "Nice meeting you. Talk to you later" - that could make a temporary enemy, Say: "I'd like to go talk with that group over there." (if they don't want to, then you can gracefully leave the singleton) 6. Remember names. Google will show you that there are many memorization techniques to do this. Some are pretty outrageous. All require practice (especially the visual mnemonic ones). All require hearing the name in the first place. 7. Wear your nametag (if there is one) on the right. Wearing it on the right lets another person see the nametag easier, during a handshake (assuming right-to-right) 8. You're not there to chat 30 minutes with a stranger (unless you want to). Mingling is not standing by the bar talking with one or two people. You're not there to build relationships (that's not possible) - if you enjoy talking with someone - get their contact info at the peak of the conversation. 9. Here's an example for holiday parties. The whole idea is to transition from (something shared) the environment to (you and your conversation partner) personal. A: 'Nice food' B: 'How are you enjoying the party' C: 'I like Holiday parties because' D: 'I'm looking forward to visiting my family in X during' E: 'What are your holiday plans' 10. Don't use close-ended questions. 'Are you having a good time'. That's boring. That's lame. Instead try making statements 'I like how that buffet line is as packed as I-280' 11. Follow up within 24-48 hours. For real bonus points, hand-write and mail an actual note in the postal mail. (advanced) 12. You have to show initiative and commitment. If you walk up with a lame 'How are you?' you'll get a tepid response. However, if you walk up with a 'Nice to meet you. I'm wallflower' and the feeling like you already know them/they're good friends, then wow can happen (Super-advanced) 13. Work the room like you own the place. The most natural and savviest of my friends do this. Confidence and a smile are the best icebreaker, not alcohol. HoTMaiL = HTML " Individual attention getters of all sorts will find it ever easier to get attention directly through the Web, without any corporate packaging necessary." a.k.a Tila Tequila "In a full-fledged attention economy the goal is simply to get either enough attention or as much as possible. Recall now what I pointed out earlier: if you have a person's full attention, you can get them to perform physical acts, ranging from moving their eyes to follow you, to raising their hands, to applauding, to bringing you a glass of water, to handing you a sandwich, or, as is not uncommon in the case of rock groupies or sports fans, having sex with you (to cite a notorious example)." Will the next cult arise online? I remember a scene in a Sci-Fi novel (was it Snowcrash) where a online textbook empowered thousands of teenage girls. Still reading this fascinating article. It puts a dry academic perspective on the madness of Facebook/RockYou/et al. Another Litmanism "The name of the game in life is you either have to focus on the process or the reward at any given moment. If you focus on the reward... (procrastination) If you focus on the process, you'll get there" Litman quotes Bloomberg... From page 52 (paperback) in his book 'Bloomberg By Bloomberg': "We made mistakes, of course. Most of them were omissions we didn't think of when we initially wrote the software. We fixed them by doing it over and over, again and again. We do the same today. While our competitors are still sucking their thumbs trying to make the design perfect, we're already on prototype version No. 5. By the time our rivals are ready with wires and screws, we are on version No. 10. It gets back to planning versus acting. We act from day one; others plan how to plan - for months." The principle is fundamental. I don't think it was a specific book. I'm on his email list twice - he reiterates the theme a lot. To elaborate, Litman says it's all about small steps. You need to make a commitment to taking small steps. All of successful business is a compilation of small victories. It's the small steps that make a difference. Most people aren't willing to stay in the game long enough to succeed... Conversations with Millionaires is a great book because he interviews a really diverse group of successful entrepreneurs. Personally, I don't always like his rah-rah cheerleading you-can-do-it approach but he shares some valuable insights. The author mentions money flowing towards attention centers in the attention economy. Interestingly, he does mentions advertising as paid attention - not as a money source for attention getters. How will people be paid in the attention economy? Micropayments? Transaction fees? The brand-called-you. Facebook Beacon v10? I think it's very much up in the air. Happy Birthday - Thanks to all the contributors! I'm not sure what I would do without my daily fix of news.YC (take up another hobby?). I find this site engages me, as I start to move from hiding in my cube to getting out of my cube, to startup-land or elsewhere. (You're right) http://ycombinator.com/announcingnews.htm Good looking news site. Very nice UI layout. Probably similar to Techmeme auto-news-discovery-ranking guts underneath it. Makes Techmeme look like the Drudge Report. But the unsexy look of the Drudge Report has its charms. I still like Techmeme. Newspond looks too good maybe. I think it is the threads of discussion that help jog/stimulate/kick-start your brain after it stalls on a non-YC related problem... If you want to cut back (definitely not cold turkey)... 8aweek.com - just started yesterday and I'm shocked at how quickly 30 minutes (of usage) goes... Now they just need an iPhone version (so I don't cheat) Book recommendation: Sprawl: A Compact History Read it for a book club a long time ago. Need to find it again. "Brown eyed people are dumb" Good they didn't try Jane Elliot's famous and controversial "Brown eye/Blue eye" exercise in that classroom: http://www.janeelliott.com/ This is not to say that lemonade stands are scalable but Alex's Lemonade Stand is an amazing story... "Alex's Lemonade Stand Foundation (a registered 501c3 public charity) is a unique foundation that evolved from a young cancer patient's front yard lemonade stand to a nationwide fundraising movement to find a cure for pediatric cancer. Since Alexandra "Alex" Scott (1996-2004) set up her front yard stand at the age of four, more than $17 million has been raised towards fulfilling her dream of finding a cure for all children with cancer." http://www.alexslemonade.org/ No, Litman did not have anything to do with Bloomberg on Bloomberg. He was quoting Bloomberg (as he). I believe if you can get one idea going forward out of a book, it's more than worth it. Best quote ever... "Sometimes I Question Your Commitment To Sparkle Motion!" from Donnie Darko (cult favorite - if you haven't seen it, rent it, watch it, and spend 2 hrs afterwards reading on the Net to figure out what you just saw) +1 for 1984 terminology If I had the means (by private banking wealth standards), I would buy the collection, digitize it all, and hire a phalanx of lawyers so it could be streamed free-of-charge over the Net. With a nice (RNG) shuffle feature. I had no idea an early childhood classroom could evolve into a Lord of the Flies scenario. When we played our favorite game - peg ball in elementary school, we didn't think so deep. It was throw the ball against the wall and if you fumbled it/didn't catch it, run to the wall before you got pegged. I think these teachers are really imposing a Brave New World kind of lens on their microcosm of a world. Maybe it's just me I wasn't that self-aware, clued-in at their single-digit age (maybe not even now). Maybe they can find unique capitalistic synergies with StartupSchwag.com Einstein's Dreams by Alan Lightman is an imaginative (read fictional) adventure into how Einstein might have come up with his paradigm-making ideas while working as a patent clerk in Bern.. Good coast-to-coast airplane read. In another context (e.g. a film documentary) this could also be fascinating. It's a toy application on a real infrastructure. Wait until developers start writing some real value-adding/lifestyle Facebook apps. Real Facebook applications will intermediate between users without requiring their direct input (think Personal Assistants). That being said, 300M page views/month is something most indie developers would sell their friends for - though it might be a bit embarassing that it's such a LCD app. I tried a co-working site a couple times. It beats sitting in Starbucks or the local coffee shop (with free AC outlets and wi-fi) with a bunch of strangers - instead you are with your peers. And in a co-working space you don't feel like you have to subsidize your stay with strategically timed-out coffee purchases. Also, a nice thing is you can go out to lunch and leave your laptop there (it's secure). The 'can you watch my laptop' when you have to use the bathroom in a Starbucks-type environment (too much coffee subsidization) is always a little sketchy and feels imposing. The weird thing about co-working is that it's like study hall - because other people are working - you feel the pressure to work as well - to not slack - or maybe not study hall but cram session before finals in a college library. So even though the music may be playing loud in the background, there isn't really a lot of networking going on - everyone's busy with their own gig. So you might actually get more interaction in an office setting - in my experience there's not a lot of small talk. Just queries like 'Dave - can you help me debug this [XHTML layout]?' As a corporate worker bee programmer, I admire yet just got sorta jealous at the co-workers there who make a good living designing Wordpress/XHTML/Drupal (e.g. non-nitty gritty technical) sites for businesses. Co-working is a powerful idea (like unionizing indie developers). I think it depends on the work style/personality of the individual. E.g. if you twitter multiple times daily, you're probably a good candidate. So now most of the costs of getting into Stanford are simply before you get into Stanford (private school, studying, night school, extra-curriculars) Most of us oblige Newtown's First Law - The Law of Inertia - when it comes to going off the safe path "Our benefits were astonishing in comprehensiveness and quality of care. Sometimes we questioned whether they were worth it. We though moving to India might be better, or going back to nursing school. Doing something with the handicapped or working with our hands. No one ever acted on these impulses, despite their daily , sometimes hourly contractions . Instead we met in conference rooms to discuss the issues of the day" Then We Came to The End, A 1st Novel by Joshua Ferris, First page. Excellent writing, still reading it off and on. (Note text emphasis mine, not in text) Geeks are a niche market, except apparently on the Internet (too many geeks, too many sites (gizmodo, boingboing, techcrunch, etc.). Take a look at online poker instruction sites - a very good niche market if you have the credentials - people are competitive and will pay $10 or more a month for the edge. If you truly like doing something obscure, there are other people who probably like doing it. And if you take the lead (important) and build a community/blog, you reap the rewards. It's nice to know for every ShoeMoney.com, there are hobbyist sites that are making hundreds if not thousands in supplementary cash flow. I think five years from now we won't be logging into Facebook but we'll be talking to our mobile devices and they'll be scheduling reservations for us (it will all be autonomous agents doing tasks/chores for us on behalf of our openID) For those of you who are looking to be wealthy, aim to become an accredited investor by IRS standards. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Accredited_investor How many of you haters have a facebook account? We need more women like Danica McKellar. Women who use technology to communicate that science/math can be part of a girl's domain, if they choose. Since captivating boys on the Wonder Years, she has moved on to marketing/teaching the idea that math doesn't suck (to girls). Math Doesn't Suck: How to Survive Middle-School Math Without Losing Your Mind or Breaking a Nail (Hardcover) by Danica McKellar (Author) http://www.danicamckellar.com/ I've been working on a big project involving Adobe Flex for the past year. Before we started the project, they brought in Adobe trainers for 5-days of on-site, slightly-better-than-powerpoint Flex training. Too much information - from one topic to the next. We all knew no Flex. Theoretically, we could have learned Flex from the online tutorials but after the recovering from the deluge of 5-days of Flex we could claim plausible knowledge. Then, we sat on it for 4 months - no flex. Of course, not until we started trying to develop UIs using Adobe Flex 4 months later did we start to learn (painfully). But the training got us started. The point of this little story - get help, ask questions (hacker personalities are problem solvers and love to solve problems), but get started. Training and mentoring can help bootstrap it. Ask a friend who is a programmer to help get you started. You seem like a good writer - why not write a blog about learning enough about programming to build your own web application? I remember reading an article in Time about a shareware author who was grossing 600k a year from registrations for his software product. I forget which niche the product was in but the point here is, among the PocketInformant/WebIS big PDA apps there will be plenty of room for independent/small companies to thrive. Build a product that people will use, support it, and do well. U.S. Patent #5,493,618 "Method and apparatus for activating switches in response to different acoustic signals" a.k.a. The Clapper "Clap on, Clap off" http://tinyurl.com/3cp6cd Is the closest most adults get to polyphasic sleep while they are caring for their newborns and get no sleep? Becoming a partner: Work 80 to 100-hr weeks for 5-10 years (M-F,S-S 10-10) Sacrifice balance in your life Lose your friends If you're good enough, they'll ask you if you want to (take a loan) and buy into partnership "Mike Jeffries is the Willie Wonka of the fashion industry.. Examples of his strange behavior abound. According to Business Week, at A&F headquarters Jeffries always goes through revolving doors twice, never passes employees on stairwells, parks his Porsche every day at the same angle in the parking lot (keys between the seats, doors unlocked), and has a pair of "lucky shoes" he wears when reading financial reports." I am friends with a former A&F employee, who is very attractive and confident. Behind the soft-porn young american look/magalog that is the A&F marketing ethos, there is a darker side of requiring low-hourly-wage earning employees to spend nearly all their wages on A&F clothes (lawsuit was settled) and attractive employees being required to recruit other attractive employees (either sex) to work for A&F, whenever they were out and about (e.g. partying). Google seems to have a Darwinian approach to innovation. Perhaps it works. These success stories are the ones that thrived and made it to the next generation. It's nice to hear for every Google News there is unmentionable projects. I wonder if Google has a technical caste system similar to MSFT. I think you can make the argument that the "non-hackers" are hackers in the sense that they know and understand the technology of social dynamics, psychology, relationships, selling. And sometimes they are unaware of how they do what they do - they just do it - like some hackers. As Joe Kraus said in his Startup School lecture, it's easier to start a startup in 2006 than in 1996 but it's still as hard to start a business. In the network marketing world (of which I observed as a passive participant briefly), they have a saying - don't confuse activity as productivity. For example, in network marketing, filling out paperwork and reading web sites and listening to tapes are (low-value) spin your wheel activities. Approaching prospects, inviting people to meetings, mentoring, and selling product are high-value productivity. These productive activities can all be measured: As one of the co-founders of HP said in a maxim: "You can't make what you don't measure". For your startup, intend to focus on activities where you can measure results and success. Billing will be one - you can even see if people actually use it. The observers, presented with a ten-second silent video clip, had no difficulty rating the teachers on a fifteen- item checklist of personality traits." I think, as someone who has the consciously think to make a good first impression and defaults to unconsciously not really caring about the impression I make, it freaks me out a little that humans make such snap judgements. I still make snap judgements but I prefer to form an impression of a person over time - interesting until proven boring and even then, as the filmmaker Pedro Almodavar said - 'it's our little quirks that make us human'. And to quote Neo in the Matrix, 'one does not truly know someone until they fight them' - you're not fighting someone until (hopefully) you have an established relationship. First impressions are overrated and I think they can be countered with better n++ impressions. A lot of married people I've met - the wife says 'she wouldn't go out on a date with him - she turned him down..at first' "Grandpa, tell us about the download progress bar again" Beautiful visualization. Reminds me that it is time to browse my neglected copy of Tufte's Envisioning Information. Thanks I went to the Colorado Software Summit. At the presentations and nightly convocations, they were giving out as the door prizes: 'Programming Ruby' books. And the presenters/organizers gushed 'it's really cool, the next big thing. Ruby is it'. That was seven or eight years ago. While Ruby broke out with Ruby on Rails, Java is firmly entrenched and as someone who is trying to learn Ruby/Ruby on Rails - I'm finding the learning curve painful as Ruby/Ruby on Rails is more than just a syntax or a language it's a different way of doing things. We're trying to justify a small project (business case) but even though the application we are intending to build is perfect for RoR - they are almost like why not Spring/Hibernate/Flex. I believe many Java programmers are happy that Java is a near default language for a lot of non-startup IT/software shops - you can't learn Ruby on Rails from a 5-day bootcamp. Less movie goers. "In 1948, with studios earning all their revenues from the box office, that audience was moviegoers. Even as late as 1980, when the audience had television sets and video players, studios still earned 55 percent of their money from people who actually went to movie theaters. In 2005, however, those moviegoers provided the studios with less than 15 percent of their worldwide revenues, while couch potatoes provided it with 85.8 percent." From 2005 and still relevant http://www.slate.com/id/2123286 Excellent statement of the relationship between persistence and courage: "By courage I don't so much mean the ability to rush in to battle. I much more mean the ability to ask for what you want. To take life by the balls and make it yours. Whether thats a job, a date, or attention...Persistence cannot be understated, but then again without courage your life paths are limited..." I like Jira. We use it to track pre-release software defects and it is quick to do commonly used functions like searching, screenshots, commenting on issues (no, it doesn't integrate with our CVS but we don't need it to). Once the software is released, per protocol, an issue with the software has to be tracked through our Siebel CRM solution (ugh, ugh). Jira compared to Siebel in terms of developer friendliness/usability - no contest. A Flex Haiku I wrote: it's more than just flash enterprise level big apps not just eye candy Without knowing more about why they are moving from ColdFusion (and I assume CFML) to Flex, I have to ask if they have a business driver. Flex will give their application a new look (you can't beat the sexy look of vectorized graphics) AS3 is basically ECMAScript4, which is much better than AS2. The IDE is ok - it's not going to make you rave about it. The compiler time will drive you nuts (sometimes). The debugger is good. We don't really use the UI builder as it does not fit our requirements. There is a lot of programming through (m)xml. There are many little gotchas in AS3/MXML programming that consume free time while you figure them out. We had to code several tools to generate mediator-type objects for AS3 to Java. I usually just jump down through the rabbit-hole and drill down through the object hierarchy in 'Variables', but you can add expressions (e.g. _myFooVar) to watch, in the debugger IDE. "Failures are like skinned knees - painful but superficial." - Ross Perot +1 for the reminder of Perot's infomercials during his 1992 presidential run in which he delivered his sales pitch for president (charts and all) GA Evolved antenna - looks like paperclip twisted in bunch but proven to have low power draw, high gain http://ic.arc.nasa.gov/projects/esg/research/antenna.htm Before Superwall, Before Jia Shen of Rock You was a Facebook/Myspace luminary, presenting talks like "Designing Viral Apps: Engineering the Viral Loop"... "Fresh-faced entrepreneurs Jia Shen and Lance Tokuda were running out of money to fuel their start-up when, in February 2006, they landed a Founders Brunch invitation from venture capitalist Saar Gur. They pitched their business to anyone who would listen, even planting themselves in front of the eggs to get attention. They hit pay dirt with Internet entrepreneur and investor Ariel Poler who, in turn, introduced them to other financiers. Today, their company, RockYou, whose software allows users to add slide shows to their profiles on Facebook and MySpace, has raised millions of dollars and garners more than 1 billion page views a month." "For two months in 2002, Google’s Chinese site, Google.cn, got a different kind of bad-address treatment, which shunted users to its main competitor, the dominant Chinese search engine, Baidu. Chinese academics complained that this was hampering their work." It's nice to know that some people in China also use Google to do their jobs. Just from perusing these pictures - Warren Buffett looks like a regular, amiable, fun guy Remember, doing all this I-am-startup-man-stuff is very much possible when you are healthy. If you start to feel even the slightest bit sick, most if not all of it goes out the window. Feeling you are getting sick is a red flag from you that one or more variables (nutrition, stress level, amount of sleep, exercise, workload, social life) is out of whack. Better, focus on balancing your life so you don't get sick (eat right, exercise, take a break and go out with friends). I couldn't find the original article but the scene in a Star Trek movie where a photon torpedo is reconfigured is a utopia of what programming/integration could be in the future... http://pragmaticprogrammer.com/articles/star-trek-and-adapta... An excellent article that raises my pulse, reads like a Tom Clancy foray into engineering. Thank you. How many engineers do you know have a mini-fleet of high-end German automobile engineering? And deserve it? These guys do. Adobe Flash is aiming to become the Applet of the 2000's. They very well might pull it off - except that Flash content is not discoverable by search engine crawlers (startup idea anyone?) Provigil (Modafinil) is the wonder drug for people working all-night on deadlines. You don't have to sleep. http://www.slate.com/id/2079113/ I'd take the 'virtually no side effects' with a little caution, of course. Personally, I prefer working on the adrenaline that comes from an impending deadline. Whether this is healthier than using stimulants - I don't know. It works for me. I don't think he is going to fail. A marathon is an achievable goal if you have a training program and apply it. If the NYTimes is smart, they'll get the a good coach to help him. It's a lot harder to fail if you have a good coach. Marissa Mayer has 99.999% uptime and a multi-core personality I read about Kerry Black in Wired a while back. Another fascinating surfer-physicist who is well on his way to delivering perfect surf waves on demand to bored teens at indoor land-locked malls. "It's evening, and Black is hosting a dinner party with his girlfriend and a few guests at his house just blocks from ASR. As he throws a couple of fresh red snapper on the grill, Black talks about his quest to decipher the physics of surfing. It's one that's taken him more than 30 years, most of which had more to do with mundane coastal dynamics and oceanography than with surfing per se."Before you can understand surfing reefs," he says, "there's so much other knowledge you need. Wave dynamics. Sediment transport. Computer modeling. I was really in a long process to get those things before I could start on surf breaks." http://www.wired.com/wired/archive/12.05/surfing_pr.html While I was struggling making my first (and so far, last) piece of furniture, I got some sage advice. The woodworker said, “Woodworking is about problem solving. There is no right or wrong. Only smarter, faster, and safer. It doesn't matter how you do it, as long as it looks nice.” He added, "Do you think the true masters of furniture making don't make mistakes? They do. They shim stuff up. You think everything's perfect, but it's not. You can't even tell." It's ok and part of the process to make mistakes. I think the important lesson here is the sense of ownership, whether emotional (passionate) and/or financial (founder), that someone who works at a (usually startup) company feels. If you're not invested in something, what do you care about making things better or the symbolic act of saving some of the startup funds by traveling on the cheap? Sell the hype, deliver the painful reality that there is no magic way to make real applications I think it would be interesting if we could come up with an addictive way/game to teach programming to teenagers without them realizing it. I believe making the jump from research project to something people can actually use is the problem. James Gosling's Jackpot project had a lot of promise? It sounded fascinating five years ago that the father of Java was turning his focus and attention to making programming better. http://research.sun.com/features/jackpot/ http://www.artima.com/intv/jackpot.html "Bill Venners: What's the state of Jackpot, your current research project? James Gosling: Jackpot has been really cool lately. It's what I'm spending most of my time on, and it's been a lot of fun. I was really hoping to have something I could hand out at JavaOne this year, but I've been finding too many entertaining things to do. It's a very different world when a program is an algebraic structure rather than a bag of characters, when you can actually do algebra on programs rather than just swizzling characters around. A lot of things become possible. " Already working on #1 and #2. In alignment with some others, trying to sell a project that would be perfect with Ruby on Rails to the powers-that-matter. I think #3 and #4 aren't in my nature. What if Microsoft bought Xobni and let them pursue integration with other email clients and services? Via exposing some of their key APIs and/or something un-Microsoft like (pushing open standards for email data mining, with Xobni being the first example) If not... Consider for a few moments what would happen if Google developed some hook APIs (e.g. getTimelineOfAllContactsForPerson, maybe even in Python) in GMail to allow developers to build Gadgets and then maybe later CRM'esque applications. Labels instead of folders (which I think came from the domain of records management) is a nice start - picture being able to datamine your own information). For example, follow-up is an important part about networking. I'd love a tell-me-who-is-overdue-for-a-once-every-three-month-what's-new-contact, without requiring me to manually set an alert. (Think hyper-personalized Google News) Imagine that as a mobile app (who around me have I lost touch with and is open to re-contacts) Before I read the article, I was assuming it was talking about how developers who are producers in the open source ecosystem deserve a premium. But, the article is about how tools/technologies that are open sourced are hot skills. I think that is a shill piece for a recruiting firm to attract potential candidates. Most of the developers I know like open source because they're free and in many instances better than what you can pay for. The article mentions AIR being one of those hot open source technologies. AIR was open sourced just recently (if you do the paternity test, Adobe gave birth to it as a proprietary and expensive technology) Nice "comment". Thanks for taking the time to pen it. Have you thought about extending RescueTime to offline activities? I know a lot of people who work remote and they've told me disclipine/habits are the key to working effectively when you lack the peer pressure environment of the typical office. I think some of your previous comments (e.g. virality) could be turned into their own blog posts. I think throwing a comment out into the News.YC slipstream is a good way to see if you're writing yet another echo-chamber/me-too mini essay (which is probably what you don't want to do) Like drunk dialing, sometimes sending embarassing emails help remind you that you've improved. When did you reach the tipping point (was it a group or individual decision) with Tipjoy? The best quote about focus that I've ever heard: A 100 watt lightbulb can light up a room but that same energy focused in a laser apparatus can cut through steel. +1 for mentioning one of the most visually stimulating apartment buildings in the world. I saw it on a trip to Barcelona and it makes you realize how boring all buildings are designed to be. Have you read "How Buildings Learn" by S. Brand? I think you would like it - premise is the manner in how buildings are constructed influences their growth and ability to change. I admire your courage. It's so easy to stay in the comfort zone of a daily/weekly/yearly/ad to boredom routine (for example, do you know anyone who drives the same route and parks in the same parking spot in a big lot.. Everyday?) Moving your career is bold and the nay-Sayers probably envy your courage and determination. As someone famous wrote - most people die at 30 and are buried later. Negativity criticism etc. is the easy path to take - anyone can point out a problem but how many will fix it. I firmly believe that we as humans all are creative. And that expressing our creativity, our imagination, our mind allows us to be less unhappy. I like programming because it is a creative form of writing - taking half-baked requirements and turning it into something people might find of value/help their daily job/life. I read once that the IDE or your editor is like a word processor for abstraction - the building and invariancing of data structures. My point here is it sounds like you enjoy programming at an emotional, mental, and maybe even spiritual level. I think you'll do fine - the young bright things probably are still learning that there is more to life than technology. My second point here is you won't regret taking on this suite of opportunities. And when you talk about your job, please don't tell them you are a programmer. Ask the person asking "what do you do for a living" what they do when they use a computer - and tell them you make that stuff work (and ask them if they have any ideas of stuff that could be useful for them) The power of this best-of-craigslist post is that he (a former partner-track and then partner-at-age-30 lawyer) talks about why he is happy with his post-superachiever life and at the same time - he does not condescend those people who choose to be slackers, homemakers, or McMansion home owners, or whatever they want to be (as long as it makes them happy) I came across a definition of success on Friday that really resonated with me: Success is not about financial independence, a big house, or fame. It's about whether you are making progress towards worthy goals. I like it because that allows us to feel we are succeeding now, rather than the proverbial later. YouTube. 'But the executive team made up for nonmastery of details with unwavering vision, which inspired the troops. At his San Bruno, Calif., office, YouTube CEO Hurley remembers his PayPal days as an education in business. When he arrived in California with a degree in art from Indiana University of Pennsylvania, building a successful company seemed like something other people did. "You never think it could happen to you," says Hurley. "But seeing Peter and Max and the guys come up with ideas and seeing how to make things work gave me a lot of insight . You may not have a business degree, but you see how to put the process into effect. The experience helped me realize the payoff of being involved in a startup."' The PayPal mafia http://tinyurl.com/2gsxte Bram Cohen (who supports his family off of grateful BitTorrent users) is the exception. A lot of programmers are paid to work on open source (however, they are mostly employed by large Open Source advocates like IBM). I remember reading about an (pre-AOL+TW) AOL exec boast about those promotional boxes that show-up when people login/logoff AOL. He was saying that if he had a box that said 'Click here to pay $10 for absolutely nothing - that a percentage of their customers would click on it' Your job does not necessarily make you happy but your salary from your job may let you do the things that make you happy. Credit for this piece of wisdom goes to a very smart kid who I knew when he was wee tall - delivered as part of his HS Valedictorian address. >At an extreme you could move to another country and try learning the language while getting by. Have you done this? I'm seriously considering this in the near term/mid term Congratulations! I can imagine you get a lot of respect as a Westerner who respects Chinese culture enough to learn Mandarin. Now, I imagine your prospects for your career/geographical locations pretty broad. I think I'll start with Spanish. I'm thinking of 3 months of immersion language training in a Latin American country. I met a dramaturge at a party about ten years ago who told me that the Blue Man Group's original investors were groups of Japanese families that mortgaged their homes and life savings to get BMG bootstrapped and started, before their successful show, before the Intel commercials, before the franchise that is BMG today. If Silverlight were released for Linux, that might mean MSFT has figured out how to bring DirectX 10+ APIs to Linux, which is a big deal as part of the problem with WINE is graphics performance. Untrusted Java web start applications and Java applets can't do anything that could harm the real operating system. We had to buy and keep on renewing an expensive code-signing cert so our app could save a local file. Every once in a while, a security researcher claims to have gotten untrusted bytecode to run outside the boundaries of the sandbox. I remember working for a small company with a moderately successful web app for the real estate industry. I had to make a modification to one of the data models so I downloaded a trial of an expensive ER app to reverse engineer the SQL server DB. The tool revealed zero foreign keys - I thought it was an error until I confronted the on-his-way-out developer who had written the app. He said he got tired of having to change the data model constantly - that he decide to wipe out all the FK constraints. In his mind, the constraints were in the code. > I think there was also a TV show Yes. It was a kind-of science show. Thank you for the jaunt down memory lane. I'm trying to play the theme song in my head now without google assistance. "3-2-1 contact. Reason mumble everybody" Old (June 2007) but still strangely relevant: "Excluding Flash is a huge slap in the face of Adobe, which is pushing Flash as the basis of its AIR and Flex web application strategies. Adobe likes to advertise that nearly every PC has a Flash plugin installed. Suddenly, nearly every mobile that has access to the real Internet won't have Flash, making it far less attractive across the board." http://www.roughlydrafted.com/RD/RDM.Tech.Q2.07/879DD82D-559... I like Daniel Eran Dilger/RoughlyDrafted because he has some interesting non-echo-chamber opinions on the world of Apple and technology iPhone developers: Build something good and your profits will scale Nico Mak (the original developer of WinZip - and remember PKWare was the DOS market leader) was making $1m+ off of WinZip licenses...10+ years ago - as for now...I'd say easily order of magnitude. Some highlights from the liveblogs: It's like a Mobile Wii - TouchFighter - use accelerometer to tilt and navigate (remember Wing Commander?) Will Wright's Spore on an iPhone! 70% of revenue goes to developer, paid monthly. $99 if you want to sell, $0 if you want to give away (most app developers will probably do both) Deploying to iPhone from the SDK is simple - take that control-freak mobile network operators from the control-freak Apple! Enterprise-class Wi-Fi, with WPA2/802.1x, I like how Apple ignores pressure and takes time to get things ready and right. If there was an SDK 6 months ago, it probably would not have been such that non-Mac development orgs could code something in 2 weeks (with Apple assistance) Except for the ones with "1-3 years of experience" :) Mathnet! That was an afternoon staple for me. The two detectives named after days of the week... As a kid, I remember watching one episode where they opened a door with a credit card(!) and I was like "Mom, do you have a credit card" - I didn't tell her why and next thing I know after thirty minutes I shocked her by opening our side door with the credit card. Later, I got it down to 5 seconds and they changed the locks... Instead of worrying about K&R, memory pointer mismanagement/code that can't compile/code that core dumps, Java* lets you screw up on higher-level issues (class design, coupling, coherence, anti-patterns) * (and other languages that usually don't allow programmers to manipulate memory directly) Put it this way: Would you rather be the proud owner of an iTunes-marquee-featured Top 50 (by sales, with 70% going into your bank account) iPhone application or a top 50 Facebook app (where your revenues are eaten by bandwidth and server hosting costs)? As did billionaire Wayne Huizenga, who started behemoth Waste Management with one garbage truck Reminds me of the $100 rebate. If that is true, makes me wonder what Apple has already planned for the iPhone. Full IPTV support on 3G iPhone? iPhone only geo-aware social network? "3Jane answering in song, three notes, high and pure, A true name." Ever since I've read and re-read this book, this perplexes me. What was the true name?? Isn't it revealed like in Wizard of Earthsea.. Earthclassmail.com does the reverse - it's for people living abroad who still need access to postal mail "Thousands of customers in over 130 countries are using our service right now. They have their postal mail forwarded to one of our processing facilities, instead of to an office or home address, and then they can view scanned images of each envelope’s exterior (via a secure online account) and direct us to..[open it+scan the contents/discard it/shred it]" Reminds that marijuana is classified as a performance-enhancing drug by many national (NBA) and multi-national sport governing boards Is this the real Zuck? After that poor interview on CBS' 60 Minutes and the 'every 100 years' hype? "By now, Lacy was becoming aware of how she was losing the crowd, and said, "Anybody who's seen my (TV) show...has seen me throw a whole glass of water on (Techcrunch founder Michael) Arrington." With a sly look, Zuckerberg grabbed her water glass and moved it out of her reach." After reading the list, finding that I've never read the majority of them, I feel better. I still don't understand the appeal of kottke.org "home of fine hypertext products" Thanks. The stories linked to on Kottke.org seem very diverse. Arts, photography, journalism. Via kottke.org, I just read a disturbing but fascinating article on a photojournalist's ill-fated love affair with a Colombian assassin. Note: the capsized ship in that picture was salvaged/righted and brought to shore ( http://tinyurl.com/2bwzdr ) Anyone remember sniglets? I used to have a book of them. I'm not sure Zuckbucks qualifies as a 'Meme' "Do as I say and not as I do." The universe rewards boldness Reminds me of Klein's bottle >Naturally some concerns arise with any centralized login system. Doesn’t this mean a thief only has to steal one password, your Clickpass password? Clickpass with two-factor security (e.g. SecureID) might be worth paying a subscription fee for Thanks for taking the initiative - works very well on the iPhone. I'd ask you to do the recently added 'comments' stream but I'm afraid (ok, certain) that it would make me use the interface more (which is bad in a way - I have 8aweek on my computer(s) limiting access) " "We also have people do things like Snippets. Every Monday, all the employees write an email that has five to seven bullet points on what you did the previous week. Being a search company, we take all the emails and make a giant Web page and index them." I heard about this (from Batelle's book?) a while ago and thought what if more companies did it - at the end of every week publish a list of what you accomplished..then I realized most people would be scared because it makes everyone accountable for producing something. Nowadays, we do scrum at our company now so it wouldn't be a stretch. When I search using Google, I use the context (e.g. the text excerpt) of the search results to decide which search result to choose more than the ranking. I would like to see create a VR-type search experience - with a cocktail-party type auditory experience - where as you moved to another search cluster - the context of that cluster would increase in volume and as you moved away, it would decrease. Or maybe this makes sense only to me. In Triumph of the Nerds, a great feel-good movie for Internet startups, there is a nice time capsule vignette of the founders of Excite, when the company was just getting started. In Bob Cringely's documentary. Joe Kraus and Graham (the other co-founder) are interviewed while working in someone's basement. They're sitting in near darkness, illuminated by the glow of multiple workstations. In this brief vignette, they both exude confidence. Joe Kraus, dressed in jeans, seems to be very entreprenurial charismatic. Graham reminds me of a young Bill Gates and demonstrates Architext's technology on Shakespeare's Hamlet. Later, in the documentary, several months or a year later, Bob Cringley goes to visit the massive brand new, post-VC offices of excite.com. Graham and Joe lead Bob on a tour - and you can see that the founders are still very much the same people - humble but world-affecting ambitious. I read an interview with an IBM technical guy once who claimed that Lotus Notes was first and foremost a synchronization platform (desktop and server) and email was just kind of built on top of that.. "The product was very far ahead of its time. It was the first commercial client/server product." "During this time, the developers at Iris used Lotus Notes to communicate remotely with people at Lotus. Halvorsen said, "Simply using the product every day helped us develop key functionality." For example, the developers needed to synchronize data between the two different locations, so they invented replication. "This wasn't in the original plan, but the problem arose and we solved it," said Halvorsen." From IBM's "The History of Notes and Domino" http://tinyurl.com/2b8wxk "Inside Notes provides a single place where you can quickly learn about the architecture of Notes" http://tinyurl.com/ytjkf3 [PDF] Note: I love how IBM's web site uses the famed Notes Icon as it's little Website icon identifier :) "Becoming a Technical Leader" by Gerald Weinberg Unconventional perspective on management "How Buildings Learn" by Stewart Brand One of the best books about designing long-term architectures. Excellent coffee table book "Envisioning Information" by Edward Tufte "Walt Disney" by Neal Gabler Excellent biography of maybe the greatest imagineer ever "The Art of Software Testing" by Glenford J. Myers ~100 page classic. The central premise is that the successful test is one that finds bugs/issues not one that doesn't. Once you get hired by Google your expectations might not be met... There were stories a while back of Ph.D's hired by Google expecting to work on cool infrastructure/system architecture who find themselves instead working on writing Javascript. AOL has some cash flow - about 9 million subscribers paying $10-$25 for Internet access monthly ( http://tinyurl.com/ytnz3d ) While looking at a co-worker's UI code the other day, I commented out loud to him and our other cubicle dwellers that "I would have coded it very defensively " and told him "that he took risks programming and that was why he was more likely to start a business than I (the conservative programmer) was (he's got an entrepreneurial long-term outlook). Some of the things he was coding seemed relatively risky (e.g. relying on binding to work flawlessly with a complex, deep nested model - we've had hard-to-debug issues with ssome Flex UI-field binding in the past) My intention was not to imply that bad, difficult-to-debug programming makes someone more likely to start a business. The issues with Flex in the past with viewing/editing attributes on a complex parent.child.subchild model are in the past (they fixed the issues). His code was not "bad, difficult to debug" it was "risky" in the sense that Flex didn't support it in a previous release. When I told him that his code was risky, I said it with a half-serious tone (e.g. half joking). Rereading the post indicates that the tone of the post and the tone of the original comment never carried through. I apologize. The Semantic Web isn't complete until it's machine readable by an AI What do you think of Cyc? http://www.cyc.com/ Argh. 8week cut me off. Bad grammar today. Meant to say 'isn't complete until an AI reads the semantic web' Time to go back to testing. Congratulations on graduating. There is a lot of excellent advice on developing into a better programmer here. Programming can be challenging and financially rewarding. And it can give you the money to do the things you really like to do (which is up to you). Expect burnout. It happens to most everyone. If you are nervous interviewing, there is a fundamental behavioral-based interviewing technique that you should know. A professor's husband told me the secret (so many people do not know the secret to interviewing well [programming trivia/programming whiteboard stress tests aside]). Google "STAR" + interviewing. Or I can do a short essay. Take interviews to practice - even if you're not necessarily attracted to the particular company. Actual practice (even mock) desensitizes you so you can shine better. After your interview, mail a typed, hand-signed letter to your main contact - in it thank them and this is key tell them you will followup at such-and-such a date and time (imagine which candidate will stick out - the one who took the time or the one who could care less to put effort in formally conveying interest in landing the position). CollegeGrad.com is an excellent resource (and a has a book worth buying - the advice landed me my first job) because someone who was a hiring manager opened-the-kimono on what he expects (from cover letter to screening interviews to site visits to even salary negotiations). Before you start your job, consider taking some time off. To pause before you start your career. Ideally, travel. Or do something you like. Once you start working, your longest vacation will probably be two weeks long. The hardest adjustment is from a collegiate environment to a professional one. With few exceptions, all of us you meet on your first day of work have much more work experience. Your "first day" may feel like its a big deal but to us grizzled workers - it's not. Therefore humility is important. Don't show off your knowledge. Ask questions about what people are doing. The more you talk, the more they'll realize what you don't know. But if you don't talk a lot and ask smart questions, they will assume you are smart. On the flip side, take the initiative if there is something that interests (or more likely bothers you about the way something is being done) - we get sometimes blind-eyed to the problematic parts of a project - fresh perspectives help. Just be diplomatic. Mentoring. Find a mentor. Don't force it - you have to become friends first. Ideally someone who is 3-5 years older and ahead of you and at a position where you want to be in three years. Where do you want to be in 1/5/10 years? I started out with a group of college grads who unlike me got out of their cube and took on initiative and have easily jumped 2 or even 3 levels (e.g. managing 60-70 people). I'm still a developer - I never really was interested in management but I need to emphasize that you need to be proactive if you want to move into management. On a side note, once you leave college you may fall out touch rapidly with your friends, especially if geography is involved. Facebook helps but if you truly want to keep in touch with your friends - you should take the initiative - organize reunions (e.g. annual trips to New Orleans Jazz Fest). And (Facebook helps again), have a system to remember their birthdays (and call them). I have to ask - for those of you who work full-time at a company- what do you guys think of the Intellectual Property/Employee work agreements (that you probably signed on your 1st day) - are you worried that if your idea is good enough the company will claim ownership of your work, your idea even if you (wisely) did not work on it during company time or equipment? I am working to sell (not financially, but buy-in) a startup-type project to my company. It might involve developing the prototype and emotionally selling the prototype to key individuals. But if that happens, then I'll be able to work on it officially. The writers at my company use Framemaker - it's pretty industry standard and expensive. They have started writing the documents using DITA. It's pretty powerful. DITA is an emerging documentation standard. It uses XML to describe the content and structure of a document. If you write your documentation in DITA XML, you can render it to PDF or online help easily. Yes, DITA is a little verbose. http://dita.xml.org/getting-started Ideas can be good, they can be bad. Any clues on your concept? I'll shoot out this idea I had so it doesn't make you look like an idiot if you release it. Take the onboard heads-up display technology from F-16 fighter jets/certain GM cars and integrate it onto the dashboard of a car with the digital radio and a lyric database - and voila - Drive-time Karaoke (bouncing ball optional) - Lawsuits (e.g. I" had to sing along to Since You've Been Gone, Officer") would stop a company from selling this but I wouldn't mind developing a workable prototype "The only system which is truly secure is one which is switched off and unplugged, locked in a titanium lined safe, buried in a concrete bunker, and is surrounded by nerve gas and very highly paid armed guards. Even then, I wouldn't stake my life on it." (the original version of this is attributed to Gene Spafford) You mean like this? :) http://terminator.wikia.com/wiki/Image:T-800a_Clothing.jpg Kudos for letting your idea out. Have you seen Sproutbuilder's beta yet? Having worked with Flex extensively - I think it would take at least 3-6 months to prototype. Which company had the best demo? "It's not important to get it right, it's important to get it going" Ever see that scene in Bourne Ultimatum when someone says a non-typical-english word. Blackbriar.. If it's non-SSL, then it's plain text. C'mon - you college folks must have tried to sniff the Ethernet LAN (my college used switching as a deterrent) I think Snaptalent is an excellent implementation to target a message ("technical job window shopping") Now, what if Snaptalent paid a bonus to the original referring blog (if one of the blog's readers was hired - using maybe cryptographically signed tracking codes)? Yes, it's kind of a crapshoot - more a lottery (but the store that sells the winning lottery ticket typically gets a sizeable bonus) News.YC http://www.techmeme.com http://news.google.com Similar to Google Maps jumpstarting AJAX, I believe RIA will take off if/when a big player like Amazon or Google adopts it. Adobe is trying to get Flash into the Fortune 500/Enterprise with Flex but I think Ruby on Rails has a better chance (and they are different types of technologies) If you mean personal blog that is a password-protected, private blog, yes, it's worth it. I track my progress in all kinds of areas, diary-style in a blog. It's easier than trying to hand-write a diary and you can mine stories from the jotted-down experiences. I have an idea for a Flash-content search engine. It would require SWF reverse-engineering (something like aspects for Flash) and advanced Flash screen scraping. And I'm not sure it's technically feasible. Even with all the perceived shortcomings of the iPhone SDK, there is a cracked-open-window of opportunity for a few, best-of-class new applications from new developers. Great question. I think it's ok to deep-dive in (as long as you wade in). I know some friends who have always worked for themselves, and I am always impressed at their constant confidence. I observe some older folks (and even some around my age) at work and I see they're going through the motions sometimes - I don't want to be them. Build something with passion.. I'm starting to learn Ruby/Ruby on Rails on my train commute. I'm doing this to broaden my skill set (specialize in Java for my job). It's slow going at times and sometimes I only do 15 minutes a day. A major project at work has (almost) come to an end (1.0). And I'm worried about the inevitable screeching-to-a-halt (from overtime busy to idle bored). As a result, a few of us at work are thinking of pitching a Ruby on Rails project to key decision makers (it would be perfect for the application in mind). I'm almost convinced I'll need to build the prototype on weekends (but once we have it - it will sell itself - and they'll give us the go ahead). And the best thing is when we successfully sell the prototype, I'll be able to officially use Ruby on Rails on company time.. Of course, I have a small laundry list of projects involving web mashups/integrations that I want to implement (with RoR). Like procrastitron stated, all of them are projects I would use and if other people liked them (side benefit). I had trouble with pointers ten years ago so Objective-C is probably a stretch - I'll throw this iPhone application idea out there - I got a seeming mass text from a friend 'Hey how are you. What are you up to' - iPhone app idea: Group broadcast SMS "mail merge" - Hey . I haven't talked to you in What's new?' If I had a long-term plan... it's trying to diversify my technological skill set. And, I'm constantly trying to diversify my overall portfolio with long-term side projects like Salsa dancing and public speaking (with the aim of getting out of technology [maybe]). I find I learn (about startups, business, and the business of technology) by osmosis just by reading news.YC. I love the news.YC community (8aweek keeps it from being an obsession but I cheat on the weekends). "Work doesn't necessarily make you happy/fulfilled but it gives you the money to do the things that make you happy" My killer app idea for Flex. Mail-order catalogs are wildly successful. Online shopping is boring. Bring the catalog experience and add friend/social networking. Think beautifully-rendered catalog pages that turn, catalog pages that have embedded video, allow scribbled comments, tear-offs... If anyone is serious about this, maybe we can do a prototype. Land one major niche-catalog retailer and the rest will follow... Very interesting perspective on why Flash is not yet on the iPhone http://www.roughlydrafted.com/2007/07/08/gone-in-a-flash-mor... I stand corrected. It is interesting that you suggest that Google Suggest did it for Ajax (I would argue that it was Google Maps that surfaced OWA-type no-page-refresh-updates). However, I think that Ajax, like Flash is a technology. The rest of the items in your list are more ideas/concepts (e.g. making it easy for the average person to use technology for their own purposes). YouTube - easy embedded videos - a difficult problem to solve - (Flash just happened to be the enabler). And we can argue that video is/was the killer app for Flash. Email was the original killer app (and still is). Maybe there isn't a killer app for Flash/Flex. Since it is more of a technology that supplements existing technology (OS integration) than a paradigm-changing thing. The folks from Buxfer (YC Winter '07) have built a nice News.YC web app for the iPhone ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=134386 ): https://www.buxfer.com/yc/#___home__ D One of my friends commented today that the US Gov't is now taking measures to shore up the economy - however he remarked that they did very little to control the economy during the boom period. For example, if the stock market falls 500 or whatever points, there are built-in circuit breakers to halt trading. However, in the roaring NASDAQ/Dow days, there were no circuit breakers to prevent crazy, gambling-style appreciation.. The best analogy I've read likens the economy to California Wildfires. One of the reasons the California wildfires were so intense was the policy of fire prevention. Forests in the natural cycle of burn and regeneration seem to require a healthy burn once in a while. Obviating the natural wildfires leads us to bigger conflagrations. One can liken the economic impacts of lowering interest rates to fuel the housing bubble to putting out natural wildfires, building up fuel for a bigger economic problem (recession, millions of upside-down mortgages) I was trying to use Google Map's "Directions" feature on the iPhone in NYC (yes, I was driving and was on the wrong side of Manhattan, lost) and it never worked - "Service unavailable". Google Maps - search for location worked however. Almost had to resort to last-ditch call my brother-in-law "Onstar" style service but I managed to get where I was going. The large "Enhanced communication" pie chart slice has got to be a gussied-up term that covers SuperWall/FunWall type applications This has been posted here before but.. http://www.craigslist.org/about/best/mil/206782771.html Also reminds me of this could-happen and chilling story. Recommended: http://marshallbrain.com/manna1.htm "Live Your Life means that you are able get the most out of your life, as opposed to the least. Instead of dying in Terrafoam, or dying in some job that you hate, you live your life in the Australia Project in freedom and prosperity. Live Your Life means that you are in control -- again, the emphasis on freedom of choice. You decide what you want to do, and then you are able to do it. You reach your full potential. Live Your Life is the idea of thinking about your life as a whole, as something that you get to design and control. Does that make sense?" Just had random flashback to that doesn't-seem-so-silly-now movie "The Net" staring Speed's Sandra Bullock where they remove her identity... From DealBreaker.com's liveblog of tonight's 8PM JPMC conference call ( http://tinyurl.com/2jlhjy ) "8:24. Good question about how to reconcile the alleged $80 per share book value and todays $2 per share price. JP Morgan doesn't say it directly, but Bear's liabilities must be severe." "8:35. Bear Stearns does own it's building, which means JP Morgan is getting a huge piece of midtown real-estate as part of the deal. By our math (which is shaky even when we haven't been drinking all day), that means either the building or the business is worth something like negative $400 million." Knowing a friend who is a real-estate agent who tried for months (unsuccessfully) to negotiate the purchase of a single building that was owned by one of the mega-huge global-local parking lot conglomerates for a rich client, the barrier to entry is connections to metropolitan parking lot enterprise(s) Thanks for (re)posting this. Missed the original. And it is one of the best essays I've read (and will be re-reading) in months. Would scanning for a dupe (even if tinyurl'd) be a linear search or could it be hashed in News.YC's code T3 is inevitable.. 2-legged animals are no match for 4-legged robots that can't even be knocked over - just ask the target of a K-9 pursuit dog >Great people shouldn't wear pants. If you go around wearing pants, it sounds to me like you've been brainwashed into thinking you're kind of ordinary. In the 4-Hour Work Week, the author says it is good to be different only when it makes you more productive or effective. If it's just to be different, then you might look silly I was reading the article and I realized I'd read the article before.. Congratulations to Tony Wright of RescueTime getting a by-line about building his sustainable Web business in BW! I'm curious how BW found him. Does BW read News.YC? http://www.aiderss.com/all/www.tonywright.com "Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic." - Arthur C. Clarke Thanks for the magic in your writing that transported me as a teenager to worlds beyond imagination and high school... If Apple's DNA is their people, then Steve Jobs is the Creator My understanding is to apply for YC you need one or two strong co-founders. Remember, most VCs hire a key team and are not solely sold on the business idea > while she did the stuff I wasn't as good at Ever heard Click 'n Clack's (CarTalk show) theory of planned incompetence for husbands? The first time your wife asks you to do something you really don't want to do - do it so badly (e.g. laundry - turn everything pink) that she would be remiss to ask you again... Brilliant I'm not married. But I think you could tell. Try pair programming (unofficial, informal, real-time code reviews+collaboration) It natural to lose enthusiasm as your responsibilities (to others) grow and your comfort zone gets smaller. This also applies for the software industry (especially mid-to-large size companies). Youthful programmers want to learn the latest hot/cool/interesting technology. After several projects and as they gain pratical experience, youthful programmers start to realize that it's not about what technology is used, there are common problem parameters, regardless of technology. As they start to realize this, they might start settling down (getting married, having a family) and their priorities shift from pounding out interesting code to developing a life. I see this unspoken everyday in the happy-where-I-am-and-just-doing-my-job-nothing-more actions of some people in their 40+s (and shockingly 30s and yes some 20s) in my broader development org. So, the people with the most experience are those who probably delegate to those with the least experience. I agree. At our annual conference, we have users that like and a few who hate our application. I think you can't have a successful product (as ours is) without having passionate users and critics in your community.. If you want to be jealous of a company, be jealous of Threadless.com - if you haven't heard of their crowd-sourcing runaway-to-a-private-island type of success, google it and weep :) What is your opinion (on the concepts) of David Gelenter's Lifestreams project? http://www.cs.yale.edu/~freeman/lifestreams.html One can imagine it's Time Machine'sque metaphor being extended to archive your online life (twitter, Facebook) as well (assuming the data could be retrieved) "It's not important to get it right; it's important to get it going." I believe this encapsulates the dangers of perfectionism, the importance of iterating, and the reason we should risk failure. And I find the concept difficult to apply in some aspects of my life. I believe as you progress down a particular route in life your mind's pattern recognition will find meaning in particular quotes, books because you are trying to. And by extension, you will meet like-minded people the more committed you are. Like buying a new car and suddenly seeing it everywhere. Until we have immersive VR, I believe that some experiences must be learned first-hand - and emotionally. I used to joke with my friends who just got engaged about having a voicemail system "Press '1' to hear how he proposed ..Press '2' to hear the tentative wedding details..Press '3' to leave a message' I think it's a genuine proposal - and most of their wedding party/guests probably are already part of their twitter network. Nice one-to-many broadcast. Boil water, cook pasta (not spaghetti but something like rotini). Cook Campbell's soup (Chicken with dumplings) on separate burner. Drain pasta, toss soup over. It's not a healthy meal but it will do in a pinch. I've learned a lot (as a coder who sometimes thinks if it is functional that the UI is good enough) from going to CHI (Computer-Human-Interaction) type lectures/events/meetings. It is nice to see what the other side thinks - a valuable perspective. And you may learn a new method to think creatively. You can find your local CHI chapter here: http://sigchi.org/local-sigs/ My brother-in-law calls his Garmin "the girlfriend" Sometimes she is right and sometimes he has to ignore her sexy British accented commands. "Recalculating coordinates" I think you're living the dream - living where you want, working when you want (4-hr work week style). How much due diligence did you do before you took the leap? I assume you did consulting before you left the States. My half-baked plan is to move to a Latin American country, learn Spanish in the mornings, code in the afternoons, party in the evening +1 for reminding me of a movie called Tampopo Word of mouth. My mom was showing me her Flip Video about three months ago. I'd never heard of it and she was like "what? You have to see it" She pulled out the unassuming little brick videocorder and with enthusiasm demonstrated it. It makes cute Tivo'esque sounds when you press a button. She is not very technically savvy yet she has used it to shoot video and share video (via USB copying, not YouTube) with friends and family (baby videos mostly). The video quality is decent and it fits in her purse (important). She has shipped at least one FlipVideo overseas. I know someone in NYC who had to work a once-monthly week of night shift hours to handle the London financial markets opening. The shift was allocated in round-robin fashion amongst the trading desk members. In other words, the time advantage in certain industries may be neutralized because resources are allocated to address it. The best (yet flawed) analogy I ever heard for a large company. People in a company are like gears in a complex gearworking. Some gears have more influence/leverage such that if a big gear (GM) moves a little a lot of smaller gears may start moving faster. And to cap off the analogy, sometimes a movement causes some other gears to go backwards. It was from a VP too. Congratulations! With your tool, I can finally understand some of my twitter-centric friends and acquaintances. And most importantly, Thank you for demonstrating the power of a well-executed concept (and showing that it is possible to build something interesting and useful in a weekend. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minitel >Similarly, practicing for demo day means getting the exact phrasing of a 7 minute talk absolutely perfect. When I was a student of Toastmasters, I came across the treasure chest of dot-com era (2001) VC pitches from SpringBoard Enterprises ("Women-Capital-Connections"). I feel that many of the video clips of pitches in their Learning Center's Video Archive demonstrate the power of a confident, polished, professional, articulated pitch. I'm happy to have found them again on Google. RealPlayer streams (Use Real Alternative instead of Real Player) http://www.springboardenterprises.org - Learning Center - Video Archive or http://64.45.59.230/learning/lc3.asp?pid=699 KimFisher of AudioBasket.com - http://eventuring.org/Video/real/opsv00audiobasketa.rm Julz Chavez, Get Real Girl, New York 2001 (0:42 min) Chavez describes her two market segments and focuses on her addressable market. http://eventuring.org/Video/Real/marny001getrealgirla.rm Yes, most of the pitches are for failed B2B enterprises but you can't dismiss the presenter's drink-the-kool-aid-style fervor (remember that?) If you do someone a favor, they may look down on you but if they do you a favor, they respect you more... I believe I got my first real full-time job in software that way. I met the CEO of a ($300M/yr) company at a networking event (for job seekers) that he sponsored (very classy - it was like a job fair except it wasn't because there were cocktails and the atmosphere was relaxed and mingling-favorable). I was talking to someone from a bio-tech startup and someone tapped me on my shoulder ("Excuse me. The CEO would like to take a picture"). I was even more clueless about social niceties back then - I immediately thought in my head "Meet the CEO?! sure!" - Basically I didn't even excuse myself from the guy I was talking to and went over. I posed for the picture - shook the CEO's hand. The photographer took the photo and then I asked the CEO "can I give you my business card?" (Before the event, I had made some Kinko laser printed ones with my name on the front and three bullets about my skills [mini-resume] on the back). I was surprised that I asked (the favor). And he regarded me for a very short moment and said "Yes". And then he pulled out his wallet and gave me his (I still have it). And I sent a thank you letter a week later (honestly thanking him for hosting that great, alternative networking event). Then, they called me in, asking me to come in and interview. As a weird follow-up, through charity work, I've met someone (who is very networked in the tech community). I told her the story - she loved it (and I didn't know she was a personal friend of the now-retired CEO until after I told her the story) I strongly agree with #2. I usually stick to contributing comments because I don't want some of my favorite stories I've come across (which I have not yet submitted) to get buried (and unable to be submitted later because of duplicates). Can this be automated? I love Techmeme. A system for surfacing new conversations from interesting twitter users. I assume twitter pied pipers like Scobleizer would need to be weighted (downwards). Kind of a TechMeme for twitter. Has anyone done this yet? If a technical error occurs during playback, does an animation of the tape unspooling appear? Rick Little. 155 grant proposals turned down. Stubbornness paid off. Eventually awarded second-largest-ever grant in US History ($65M) This reads sort-of like an underdog movie... "Rick had one last chance. Activated by desperation and conviction, he managed to talk himself past several secretaries and he secured a lunch date with Dr. Russ Mawby, President of the Kellogg Foundation..." http://www.iyfnet.org/section.cfm/2/242/545 "Rick Little’s life is a testament to the power of commitment to a high vision, coupled with a willingness to keep on asking until one manifests the dream." Yes, from Chicken Soup from the Soul Safari support is painful.. During some crunch times, I've told our business analysts that it's not a bug if they have to write a requirement for it (the bug) :) And, in an ideal world, requirements would be stable before coding starts. We make the best of what we can work with. Cost, quality, functionality - the classic triangle - you can't impact/maximize one of those three without affecting the others Why do you want to become better at speaking? The better public speakers I have known have always had a desire to communicate their message/their story. Even when their public speaking skills were poor. The passion/intention always came before. Toastmasters changed my life because it made me realize that you can become good at something if you have a simmering desire to become better. I stumbled upon toastmasters in a period of workaholism, and diving into TM allowed me to work towards something non-work-specific-related but broader. And saved me from burning out in my job. I believe you can only improve by doing and by getting feedback on how to improve. Toastmasters is all about giving you honest feedback on how to improve. After you give a speech, you get honest, handwritten feedback (a Toastmasters standard) from a formal evaluator and from some of the audience members. The value of that is immense. A team of people who want you to get better but at the same time don't want to cut you down to the root (while you are still developing). Toastmasters is an excellent environment for learning public speaking. Because you have to eventually face your fear and do speech #1 (The Icebreaker). You can only learn by doing. You're going to fall down, stumble umm/ahh but we're there to catch that and support you. The fact that most of your fellow Toastmaster attendees have no tie other than you're all there for public speaking experience - there is no office politics (unless of course, you're in your company club - which I do not recommend - go somewhere else). If you're not ready for Toastmasters, try asking a question in a public forum. Like at a Q&A after a lecture. Then, if you feel you're still not ready for Toastmasters, just go to a meeting. You don't have to participate. Just observe and watch. Congratulations! "I’ve never had a problem with self-confidence so saying that YC gives me a new feeling of self-confidence wouldn’t be accurate. I think what has done is given me a new sense of belief and that has come from being around people who have been a success. When you’re having dinner every week with people like Joe Kraus, Evan Williams, Paul Buccheit, PG it suddenly dawns on you that there’s actually a chance you can succeed despite stupid odds." From "What I expected from YC and What I Got" http://blog.harjtaggar.com/?p=37 I think that your BBC articles and your co-founder's blog entries about Y-Combinator capture the feeling of what it is like to become part of the YC family. Thank you for sharing. FriendFeed = the sociable guy/girl who mingles among all the groups at a party, bridging* people together Facebook = the alpha/host of the largest and/or more popular groups at the party * - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_capital Good read. Demystifies the Facebook mythology a little. Pre-Brandee Barker vintage Zuckerberg quotes in last two paragraphs. http://chronicle.com/stats/aaup/ Only by institution though.. (= caching* 0 perpage* 30 maxend* 200) http://searchyc.com/submissions/by_date/nickb (213 result pages) http://searchyc.com/comments/by_date/nickb (70+ result pages) "Success is the process of living your life working toward worthy goals. And here is the brain tweak: once you reach your goals, you are no longer a success! You must set new goals!...Success is not being debt-free, having cars, going on vacations or buying expensive toys. Success is living your life working toward worthy goals. If you are sincerely and diligently working your business on a consistent weekly basis, and you have your reasons for doing the business in front of you daily, then you are a success!" It is very easy to default to a routine of doing the same thing every day (same route to work, same post-work routine). I think that is the challenge - to make more use of your time, to not confuse activity/being busy with productivity/effectiveness It sounds like this year's Startup School is going to be active beyond the main event (the speakers) and going to be more of a Startup School Weekend. Excellent! Yes and yes "Within a few weeks of being out in SV we were introduced to the guys behind, YouOS. As fate would have it, one of the founders (Srini) was actually living in the building next to us and we started having informal hacking lessons where he’d teach us how to hack. We got on really well and we agreed to work together more formally for the three months of YC - he’d help us build our product and teach us how to become hackers." "Shortly afterwards, again through YC, we met Patrick Collison - a young whizzkid hacker (he wrote his own programming language when he was 16) who’d applied to YC with an idea relating to the online auction space." http://blog.harjtaggar.com/?p=37 The scary thing is that most people who will use Loopt will never know that a small team of co-founder/hackers around their age created it. They'll just use it. I'm willing to go all-in and bet that YC's network of connections enabled Loopt to become a player YouTube solved a difficult problem. How to let people share videos easily. I can't imagine that converting multiple video formats to Flash Video was an easy problem to solve, either. Plus, their name is subversively brilliant. I don't know Sam personally. I wasn't intending to downgrade Sam here. Never meant to imply that getting into YC was like a silver-spoon, charmed-type experience for business success. When I said "Loopt", I meant Sam and his co-founders. I think we could see Loopt in MSM (Time magazine). > Thats quite a stream of serendipitous events (referring the the above blog). How does one just have "intense sessions" with people like Max Levchin, Evan Williams and Naval Ravikant?? I think I read in that blog that they first met at some Oxford business event. I'm thinking that YC brought in some remarkable people from across the 'pond (going global) My friends who are managers say it is one of the most difficult things to do as a manager - tell someone they are being let go. "You're not a manager until you have to do that" Some managers disassociate with the actual task - by acting very remote theglobe.com claimed 2M users in 1998 It is now a dot-com boom endnote RogueWave. My made-up criteria: they are one of the longest-running advertisers in DDJ, which I have been reading for years.. Re: data The slickest (if not sickest) example of this that comes to mind: www.gracenote.com Thousands of users manually entered label/track/artist information, helping to build a massive commercial (read: license fee) CD Title database http://www.wired.com/entertainment/music/commentary/listenin... >I've got a few summers of experience working for startups under my belt You can always go back to school... Have you considered working for a startup in Europe? (broaden your worldview - old cliche: if the world is a book and you don't travel, you've only read a couple pages..) Read the "4-hour Work Week". It might give you some good ideas. Kolbe personality test - Slightly expensive and comprehensive - may give you insight into yourself ( http://www.kolbe.com ) No Donnie Darko? Seriously... Reminds me of this research study: Cichlid = fish "Ethanol and three beverage alcohols were examined for their effects on the aggressive responses of the convict cichlid. At an ethanol concentration that gave negligible effects on the basal level of these responses, rum was observed to depress aggression." http://www.springerlink.com/content/t2p3167173282h4m/ If you "win" an argument (especially in person), are you really winning? "You do not truly know someone until you fight them" Seraph, The Matrix I was hanging out the other day at a mixer and the subject of travel came up. There were some well-traveled people but it evolved into a pissing contest, their travel resume vs. the other person's. It seemed almost they were trying to one-up the other even when talking about their personal experiences (e.g. Punta Cana is alright for scuba. But. Have you been to Dominica? No? Well let me tell you...) Reading this YC thread, I was reminded of observing this party talk/jousting and had the deep thought that if we hold an agenda (e.g. He's wrong or I'm better than that guy) we lose out when it comes down to it - we don't really listen or learn anything from the other person because we're too focused on proving the muzak in our head that we're right Text-based disagreements aside, I'd like to do an arc off this comment - to talk about the importance of perspective. Guess which two perspective(s) can fuel disagreement... The God perspective (Yeah, you the expert?) "This restaurant is the best in town" The 2nd person perspective (Why should you know what I should do) " You really should try this restaurant." The 1st-person perspective (the only one you can truly own) " I really like this restaurant. I like the cooking and I feel like I am welcome here." In the context/situation, talking about disagreement, I think a little conflict/drama is necessary to demonstrate how a person reacts and reveal a little more about who he/she is. I like the quote because it reminds me that even the most logical people may default to reacting non-logically/emotionally in a stressful situation (where they may feel their ego is threatened e.g. have to "fight" to protect themselves) I think you're on to something here. If the debates weren't structured (e.g. on a single site) but distributed across blogs. Something that can automatically categorize the blogosphere discussion - e.g. who's agreeing/who's disagreeing (what's the median level of agreement/disagreement). I'd like it for the sole feature of finding/filtering out the (sometimes useless) echo-chamber opinions - to surface the divergent disagreements/opinions User-originated voting is good but combining it with intelligent algorithmic appraisal (what they are voting by what they are saying) might be interesting "The truth isn't always beauty, but the hunger for it is." Nadine Gordimer, Nobel Prize laureate Yes. We usually copy and paste the collected license text(s) into an appendix in our technical documentation. If there is no documentation, the README is a good place too. For a website with no deliverables, I would place a link to the collected licenses from the About page. What are you expecting to gain? (not much to lose) Stanford Continuing Studies: "We have a generous drop policy which allows you to attend two class meetings to "try out" a course." Product injection sometimes works both ways - Indie film-makers have to purposely hide mainstream logo'd stuff or they'll get in legal murky waters - as in if you have a Coke bottle prominently visible you are implying that Coke might have something to do with your little film.. This insightful News.YC thread that I stumbled upon a while back seems to explain C pointers in a different manner better than I have seen elsewhere: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=87348 (Other than the stuff about casting between pointers and ints though.. ) "That was the lightening bolt moment. The problem with pointers in C is that the [star][varname] syntax means two different things, and they are actually contradictory from a certain perspective. In one context it means "declare a variable that is a pointer" and in the other it means "deference". Whenever my languages-brain bit looked at this it couldn't deal with it, recognised it as a contradictory positions and basically shut me down, but not in a way that let me work out what was going on. Have a look at it yourself from that perspective - hopefully you'll see what I always did. Now whenever I look at C code I instead just think "everything is an int and pointers are all about casting ints, and a star when you declare something is your way of telling the compiler that the type of this thing is int-pointer instead of just int". Thus I now have no difficulties at all." There are many things I can list. But I'll provide just one - get a tripod/camera and videotape yourself presenting. "Speaking Secrets of the Masters: The Personal Techniques Used by 22 of the World's Top Professional Speakers" is the best book I have ever come across on speaking as an art/science because it has many different insights. In the flickr set, you see a shelf of autographed baseballs and Dot-com boom books. Including one pretty awful, discount-rack one (which I've read) called 'Burn Rate'. I'm pretty sure it was just there to make the collection complete. The online store/catalog in AWDR was non-interesting so I'm iterating a clone of Buxfer's iPhone webapp (while I teach myself Ruby-on-Rails). I have no intention of competing against Buxfer - I use their app for real expense reporting instead of my crude app - their iPhone application is a excellent example of a iPhone webapp. Yes, I refactor emails. Iteration. I find the more time you take to compose an email, the better and more coherent the end product. Especially true when sending an email a client. At a small company, I once had to put together an big order of 150 PCs for a local college. A one-man assembly line - I had three cordless power screwdrivers. We had an 8-way hard-drive duplicator (I think it was called the Octopus) that we used to make the master HD image. I made a mistake on one of the network card drivers and had to boot up all 150 PCs and update the driver.manually. That taught me a lesson. Win: Google Maps was not designed for GIS. Even Google was surprised at the first GoogleMaps Mashup (Story: http://www.technologyreview.com/tr35/Profile.aspx?Cand=T&... ) EveryBlock's Maps are built on the open, vector-based (read: fast rendering) standard of http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_Map_Service Lose: Closed API (which is ok, it's a competitive advantage) I had a sense of Deja Vu reading this. Old "analysis". http://www.startupboy.com/journal/2006/2/6/craigslist-is-wor... If a short-term motivational boost like attending a conference/event (Startup Weekend) is like "fast food" (sugar rush, temporary infusion of can-do'ism enters your system quickly and exits just as quickly, no real long-term benefit (unless of course, you apply will-power...) Then applying will-power to a challenge is like "Fibercon" - not the most pleasant to subject yourself, something you have to intend yourself to do regularly/everyday.. and better for you in the long-run. I'd like to share with you one of my favorite essays that I've read - it's about Salsa dancing but it's really on 'willpower' and the importance of effort over time: http://www.unlikelysalsero.com/2007/08/magic-of-time-last-on... Everything is for sale on Craigslist, and Craigslist itself is not for sale (imagine sponsored ads on the main CL page - it's antithetical to CL) It's just his opinion. Learning new languages teaches you what you know and most importantly don't know. Coming from a Java working background, I find Ruby on Rails pleasantly abstruse and remarkably concise (which makes it hard to learn, coming from the land of boilerplateness). I have a long commute on the train and I find that when I am trying to debug/learn - (learning Ruby on Rails) - the time flies by like that. If that isn't a benefit (making time fly by when you're having fun learning), I don't know what is. > It's not so much to "open my mind" as it is to keep myself marketable after Java's impending demise. As someone who is starting to step out of the comfort zone of Java, I agree about marketability. However, Java is not going to disappear, it's firmly entrenched. It's like COBOL. I'm not sure how Sun pulled it off exactly but Java in it's 13 years has spread itself in a lot of corporate systems/applications/backends (some of which may be COBOL). Ruby on Rails and other minority languages are the minority in some companies precisely because the majority don't like the minority ("RoR? We don't use that"). However, there are some rogues in companies who are trying to bring RoR in discretely (I'm trying to be one - developing business cases for RoR adoption on small projects) I think exercising the mind is the hardest thing to do because it's so easy to take the path of least resistance. What are your thoughts on the (1) Marathon Monks of Japan and (2) the Lung-Gom-Pa's (near mythical if not mystical) of Tibet? (1) http://www.millennium-tv.com/Monks.htm (2) http://www.planetultramarathon.com/lunggomparunners.htm Learning RoR is fun because I like personal challenges. If it were easy, it would be boring. It's like a new way of thinking, not just programming. And like jjburka said, it's like taking a vacation from the land of Java. I don't want to pretend that I am not learning RoR to be more marketable, and it's a joy to learn RoR, to build little RoR apps that I can use from my iPhone that make my life less stressful/easier. Because I don't have 2-3 years of experience, I realize that I won't be able to pass a rigorous RoR interview. Especially those at interesting startups. My workaround to this might be by developing one or two Ruby GEMS that add value to the ecosystem (going to RailsConf '08 will help me get my bearings) > I didn't hang out for long, but both of the 2 people I talked to were there to hit on developers! +1 for using the dating metaphor for recruiting/finding a job. How often do developers get hit on in the dating world? On dates or even just talking to a girl, I find I quickly steer the topic 'what do you do' to something like 'Heard of Facebook? I want to build stuff like that' Another one for the I-wish-I-had-business-foresight. Who knew generic domains would be immensely valuable properties back in 1993/1994ish? They did. Back then, I wanted to register command.com - clueless still I am (DIS research owned command.com since 1990ish). I'd like to hear you expand your thoughts in an essay (no pressure). This is intriguing. > It was enlightening. I assume you didn't give them your digits/contact info. Wow. Can you expand on this? Is it really like that for women when we go ga-ga? OK. Here's a subtle technique. For prior to your big presentation. People like people who they have met. Before your discussion, stand by the entrance and greet everyone (handshake). If you can't do that, introduce yourself to as much of the audience as you can (prior to the talk). They'll like you better and your talk because they have had (albeit very brief) contact with you. "The questions that we are raising here are profound. How do we prevent this downward spiral from happening? Are we smart enough to see the robotic revolution that is coming and plan for it prior to the crisis? Can we redesign the economy so that we enter the new era of robots smoothly? With robots doing most of the work, can we actually create a society that takes advantage of the leisure that robots can provide? Or will the tens of millions of people displaced by the robots end up being homeless and destitute, living in government welfare dormatories?" From: http://marshallbrain.com/robots-in-2015.htm From a talk by Jeff Barr, Amazon's Web Services Evangelist: Smugmug is one of the biggest customers for Amazon.com web services (meaning they could be invoiced if they wanted to be). However, they are billing everything on a American Express Platinum corporate credit card with the highest credit limit ($100K). Jeff says every month they probably earn three or four first-class tickets based on bonus points. According to Jeff, their rate of growth is astonishing (Jeff said that they are storing about 15TB (yes, Terabytes) a month in S3). What happens to images in Smugmug ceases operations? Well, apparently the family has committed to a multi-generational commitment. Some of the other work by this architect/designer couple is liveable: http://www.flickr.com/photos/88798845@N00/15233067/ However, this house is a an OSHA-nightmare. Let's compare this with Nintendo DS' Brain Age. Brain Age is a game that challenges your mind with clever puzzles, helping, in theory, to keep you and your mind younger. The house is similar in that it supposed to stimulate your mind so that you avoid obstacles/don't hurt yourself but The difference between this scary house and Brain Age is that Brain Age is fun and a game... "Comfort, the thinking goes, is a precursor to death; the house is meant to lead its users into a perpetually “tentative” relationship with their surroundings, and thereby keep them young. "The architect Steven Holl, who has known the couple for at least 15 years, said their architecture is intended to evoke a youthful sense of wonder. “It has to do with the idea that you’re only as old as you think you are,” he said." Wonder if your homeowner's insurance would cover accidental death.. http://www.brainage.com/launch/what.jsp I couldn't wait for a 9" Asus EEE, so I ebay'd the 8" 8g one. I love it. It's the size and heft of a hardback book - you can literally run out the door and grab it. Not having to worry that much about shock damage and defragmentation makes the limited SD-only storage worth it. Girls think it's cute too (sometimes it's good to be different - MacBooks are as vanilla as some guy's default personalities) 1) Learning to code Ruby on Rails 2) A coffee shop companion 3) 1 and 2 The performance isn't great - about that of a 4 to 5-yr old low-end notebook, not a pressing issue as long as I don't care about it / learn to breathe. Occasionally I wonder what the SD disk is doing thrashing (even though I can't hear it - no moving parts -see the little blinking LED). I'm not doing anything processor-intensive just hacking/googling my way around the unfamiliar neighborhood of Ruby on Rails. As a distraction, YouTube videos play fine. I have Windows XP installed (so I can tunnel into the corporate VPN) - the Ubuntu should perform for coding much, much better. Unfortunately, I've spent more-time-than-I-should time over the years debugging issues where a subclass was supposed to have overriden a superclass method's behavior but the subclass method had the wrong method signature (and thus was never called). Console log statements never lie.. Google App Engine Python: +2 Twitter accelerates communication between the extended edge(s) of one's extended network and brings them virtually closer: For example, I was fascinated to follow the successful launch of Quotably.com on News.YC from the creator, Ben Tucker (( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=144253 ). manvsmachine read the same post and twittered about quotably.com and brought a very positive response in http://www.techcrunch.com/2008/03/23/quotably-the-perfect-tw... , http://blog.twitter.com/2008/03/quotably-helps-you-follow-co... ). manvsmachine had been a twitter publisher only about a week prior to his quotably.com twitter. http://quotably.com/manvsmachine/statuses/776053962 manvsmachine: the most useful twitter app I've seen so far... it even makes sense out of @Scoble 's feed http://quotably.com/ 15 days ago Scobleizer: @manvsmachine http://quotably.com rocks. Thank YOU! See, there is signal in the noise. I agree that it is an always-on network and it also allows mob computing, on-demand emergent and/or just-in-time networks (SxSw) Seth must be starting to run out of things to talk about. If he had simply stated the fact that 50% of Squidoo users who make pages on Squidoo use Firefox to do so that would have been fine, Equating going to college with downloading and installing Firefox is a weak reference. I'm sure the more astute startups out there already do this for the iPhone. Firefox would not that be big of a leap. Special treatment? A/B Testing - where A = Firefox (with new power user features) B = Everything else. Feedback / request for enhancement links? I'd prefer a Ninja software developer :) I cringe at the title 'Software Engineer' coming from an engineering background For some reason, I'm reminded of a story that a Windows 95 product manager went to the local Electronics Boutique software store and said "we'll take everything". To test backward compatibility of DOS/Windows 3.x applications. How do you do that? Install, run, debug. Repeat. Windows' ball-and-chain is support of legacy applications and the giant-ball-of-rubberbands called the Win32 API. I'm sure some of the alpha geeks at MSFT would love to build a *nix OS - but they have the legacy of Windows. My favorite was a technical writer calling himself a Grammatical Engineer (with tongue-in-cheek) "Chapter 1 introduces some of the basic tenets of the book, namely that code is literature and should be read as such. All too often people only read code when they have a specific problem to solve or want to get an example of an API. Instead, if you read code frequently you'll always be learning things and improving your skills. Also, Spinellis discusses the lifecycle of code (including its genesis, maintenance, and reuse), which simply must be taken into account if code is to be good. Poorly skilled developers forget these things and just slap it together, never thinking ahead." From a review of "Code Reading: The Open Source Perspective" http://books.slashdot.org/article.pl?sid=05/03/02/1951204 I was reading this book in the bookstore the other day (too expensive to buy). See also: "Beautiful Code: Leading Programmers Explain How They Think" Such a small team (37signals) manages to generate lots of buzz, sometimes I'm not sure if it's signal or noise. Max Levchin's thoughts on building a web startup: Appeal to what is common in all of us: human frailties... "As a final word of product development advice, Levchin encouraged founders to think about the Bible’s seven deadly sins - especially greed, sloth, envy, pride and gluttony. These characteristics, he said, describe many of the primal motivations for users." http://venturebeat.com/tag/max-levchin/ I digest a lot of inspirational/motivational stuff on a regular basis and most of it leaves an empty feeling - like the person writing it is inauthentic because no one is superman but it feels like Gary Vaynerchuk is talking to me. In terms of News.YC, he's telling us to build something that will make a niche group of users happy - don't try to go after too big a market - make a small group of users happy and you will excel... (Felt the need to transcribe one of his 3 min video blogs in entirety just now - apologies for the length of the comment) Not Lying to Yourself "not lying to yourself is really the key to any social media, life, business, family, anything i think what's going on right now is so many people are lying to themselves they're saying well i'm going to make the next Digg, or I'm going to make the next Facebook, or I'm going to be the next Oprah or I want to be the next Ze Frank what you really need to do is to embrace who you are. it's a DNA game. you need to know who you are. and uh really that's why some of the things are working for me i stopped doing what i was doing and I said i need to do something else for my heart and soul. I stopped lying to myself (not that I've ever been a big liar to myself) but I think a lot of people are lying - they think they can do things they can't or more importantly they think they can't do things they can. and i think going forward, in this age of personal brand, where the barrier of entry to have a personal brand in the world is now zero - uh the people who are going to be able to stop lying to themselves and embracing what they're about and not being worried if the niche is too small are going to be the people that are going to excel and win and win in heart - for example, i think too many people are trying to keep apps that are so huge or trying to develop brands that are so huge or trying to say they are experts in such a global thing. narrow it down to the thing that you are most core about. if you are the biggest expert in basketball, fine do a video blog on basketball if that's what you want. but more importantly if you're a bigger Clippers expert maybe that's what you should talk about. even if there's 45 fans that you have in the world. those 45 fans will bring you the happiness that someone else might have if there a million. not everyone is going to be Oprah, not everyone's going to be LeBron James. but trust me there's a lot of ways to be very very happy if you're just yourself. yourself is the victory in this social media game and in this world and with no privacy and personal brand becoming bigger and bigger every day the people that stop lying to themselves are going to be the people that the world embraces" Bloxes, the offspring of famous designer (Macintosh) Jeff Raskin's son's mind, provides evidence for answering the question: Nature or Nurture? Answer: Both I'd so love to be able to build a fort with these in our brand-new open-plan workspace but I'd run into a wall of Nopes. "SOME THOUGHTS ON WRITING" (Elizabeth Gilbert is the author of the #1 NYTimes Bestseller Memoir, Eat Pray Love) [ http://www.elizabethgilbert.com/writing.htm ] "Your job is only to write your heart out, and let destiny take care of the rest." "I have a friend who’s an Italian filmmaker of great artistic sensibility. After years of struggling to get his films made, he sent an anguished letter to his hero, the brilliant (and perhaps half-insane) German filmmaker Werner Herzog. My friend complained about how difficult it is these days to be an independent filmmaker, how hard it is to find government arts grants, how the audiences have all been ruined by Hollywood and how the world has lost its taste…etc, etc. Herzog wrote back a personal letter to my friend that essentially ran along these lines: “Quit your complaining. It’s not the world’s fault that you wanted to be an artist. It’s not the world’s job to enjoy the films you make, and it’s certainly not the world’s obligation to pay for your dreams. Nobody wants to hear it. Steal a camera if you have to, but stop whining and get back to work.” I repeat those words back to myself whenever I start to feel resentful, entitled, competitive or unappreciated with regard to my writing: “It’s not the world’s fault that you want to be an artist…now get back to work.” Always, at the end of the day, the important thing is only and always that: Get back to work. This is a path for the courageous and the faithful. You must find another reason to work, other than the desire for success or recognition. It must come from another place." > The problem with RSI is that it's extremely personal. As someone who manages their RSI problems, I agree. My only bit of advice on this is if you find that you can pound out code for an extended bit of time and start to feel pain/soreness and after a little while recover...STOP - that is a major warning flag that I ignored tens of times - there is a cumulative effect/straw that breaks the camel's back, such that recovery time doesn't get you back to 100% you never really recover (baseline level of aching). That is RSI It's hard to answer your question. Yahoo gets a significant amount of traffic (around 500 million users) that it doesn't monetize (it's biggest problem) as well as Google and Microsoft sees merging with Yahoo (combining pageviews and engineering talent) as sort of a Custer's Last Stand / Alamo against the inevitability of Google becoming the premier advertising service on the Internet and becoming the provider of whatever supplants CPM advertising in the future (potentially something that measures your direct influence on people to buy products - Facebook SocialAds just the beginning - see http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=119295 ) There are a lot of If's If Google contextual ads weren't like The Blob and eating up the CPMs of its competitors If a Microsoft merger with Yahoo managed to arithmetically combine their traffic (pageviews to properties and more importantly, search traffic) If Yahoo didn't start showing signs of trouble (reorgs, Jerry Yang coming back) If Microsoft managed to inject some of Yahoo's engineering talent (Yahoo pipes, for example) into its organization (notwithstanding some of the premier engineers + leaders have left/are leaving) Google probably knows (and is aware of) the growth in revenue (if any) and the growth in users (via Google analytics - their "free" competitor to WebTrends). I haven't read the TOS/Privacy for Google Analytics recently but I would not be surprised if there is some legal loophole that lets them look at your startup's site visit data. Why hasn't Amazon made it easier to build web applications with EC2/S3? I'm waiting for Amazon to respond with something similar. Just to get an application up and running on Amazon seems to involve delving into message boards (I have EC2/S3 accounts but it's learning how to port my web app is not a priority at the moment) The premise of EC2/S3 is that you can ask for services/CPU on demand - however Google with AppEngine has significantly lowered the barrier to creating a scalable web app (by handling scaling for you, once you write to their APIs and give them your code [another issue]). Not everyone wants to be an Erlang expert and roll their own scalable code.. (some people just want to be able to build a cool popular app and outsource worries about scaling). What was it like to quit your job in February? Were you ready before you decided or did you become ready once you decided? As soon as my apt. lease is up, I'm seriously debating about: leaving my job, traveling to another country to maximize savings and learn Spanish, code, code, code, put it out there.. Even though I have a good job (and with this economy, as my Mom tells me), I have four or five ideas that I want to execute on. I'm starting to delude myself that I'd be happier slaving away in retail or the service industry (the economy) and coding at nights, working on projects that I am interested on. But I know that if I execute right, that finding a job won't be a problem (it will be a choice - job or startup) Phil if you read this - Thanks! I decided not to apply to Startup School and this makes me feel better. The more interesting posts will be your post-Startup School ones [one, two, three months afterwards]. I really hope you are inspired and start a thread on your blog on how you are doing/doing it, post-startup school. Followup is everything. Great LinkedIn profile. Thanks for bringing a smile this morning My definition of entrepreneur is someone who takes risks in a managed manner. Going on this trip is more about expanding my comfort zone (unfamiliar language) and adding more life experience to my non-work resume. I agree that it's harder to start a successful company virtually without face to face networking. Silicon Valley will always be Valhalla. There are a handful of people on News.YC who are already living abroad and managing to code to support themselves. Outside of work, I code now just to dip my feet in the water. I find coding cuts into my desire to become a better Salsa dancer and networker. Priorities? Technology can be ported. User base doesn't care about the underlying technology, if they get value from using your service. Good read from 2000-era "This white paper discusses the approach used to convert the Hotmail web server farm from UNIX to Windows 2000" "Hotmail has grown from 9 million accounts when it was acquired by Microsoft, to 100 million in July 2000, without significant changes in the hardware or software architecture" "The most challenging, and anticipated, problem with converting from CGI to ISAPI derives from the forgiving nature of the CGI..." [PDF] http://tonnerre.users.bsdprojects.net/doc/facts/microsoft/Ho... If you dream or desire of being acquired by Google, strongly consider Python "Python has been an important part of Google since the beginning, and remains so as the system grows and evolves. Today dozens of Google engineers use Python, and we're looking for more people with skills in this language" said Peter Norvig, director of search quality at Google, Inc "Python is fast enough for our site and allows us to produce maintainable features in record times, with a minimum of developers" said Cuong Do, Software Architect, YouTube http://www.python.org/about/quotes/ Learning starts before college. Parenting helps. I heard a noted essayist say once that more parents are more likely to know more about celebrity lives than to know their child's elementary school teachers. Actually, entering my first job at a large software company, I was pleasantly surprised by how many people maintained lives outside their jobs. Fixing up houses, teaching Sunday school, racing bikes, volunteering. I believe a hobby is not really a hobby if its what you do for a living. And when Halloween rolls around, I'm reminded how many people have real responsibility (e.g. Children) Mainframes still do a lot of heavy lifting. Like processing the world's credit card transactions in real-time. VisaNet is four strategically-located mainframe supercenters for financial transaction processing. 3000 transactions/second. 50 million LOC. Uptime and five-second-transaction time crucial. "Authorizing..." Luck and Survival... Jungle smarts. Desire to become BSDs Liar's Poker is an excellent first-person view of the NSFW work environment at Salomon Brothers. But don't read LP - read Fiaz's top-rated (34-point) personal story of becoming a trader: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=121413 "After racking up some rather hefty losses, I was determined to quit at one point during month four, but because I had a habit of waking up at 4:30 am I simply "forgot" that the night before I told myself I would quit and spare myself further humiliation...by then I was warned that I was now on the red list of traders ready to be cut." "Above all was the sense of hearing acute. I heard all things in the heaven and in the earth. I heard many things in hell." "The Tell-Tale Heart", Edgar Allen Poe "He said they have an ongoing bet for a case of beer regarding the chamber. If someone can last 45 minutes in there by themselves with the lights off, then they get a case of beer. If I remember correctly no one has been able to make it past a half-hour yet. Basically with such a lack of sound the body and mind start freaking out. Imagine your heart beat being the loudest thing in the room. He can go into much more detail than I, but I found that extremely interesting." See also: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Isolation_tank "Worry is the misuse of imagination". Keep moving forward, individuals like you are moving me towards the tipping point of venturing and executing ideas of my own > Your learn a whole lot more from negative feedback. Negative feedback can be more honest. In every criticism (especially if it's someone who you don't have an existing relationship with), there is usually a nugget of truth. "If you put lipstick on a pig, it's still a pig" PG is like a tuning fork for the latent change-the-world/entrepreneur/hacker/idealist/realist wavelengths in us Flow. When pair programming works, you can pair together for hours and be very productive. I can recall some marathon pair-programming sessions where we mind-melded and got things done very quickly. If there is an imbalance in skills, pair programming will sometimes devolve into one of the developers asserting control and dominating. The lowest-common denominator form of pair programming "Can you take a look at my code?" is very effective for finding bugs. Simply having to explain yourself can reveal issues. I hate the term "Can I drive now/do you want to drive" for pair programming. Sometimes the rule is even broader: this is what happens when you let your company design the UI (before bringing in a HCI/Ux (user-experience) consultancy to fix/transform it). Aside from griping with them about the backend machinations/magic required to transform some of their wireframe mock-ups into running code, working with a well-known HCI/Ux firm made our product's UI cohesive, usable , and functional. They also helped us build reusable common UI components. This was a high-profile, multi-million dollar new product launch so the ($$$) money the firm cost was well invested. Procrastination and darwinism. Those ideas that you actually start on. And then out of those, the ones that you build momentum on, over time. My advice: Start with AWDWR or another how-to-build-from-scratch book and take their core example (in AWDWR, a online shopping app example) and transmute it into something simple, of the same scope but of a different domain. The fastest way to learn is by actual coding - fight ennui and boredom by taking the tutorial code and building a toy application of interest to you. I like the one about the professor accepting the excuse of the students who missed the final exam by saying they couldn't make it - car troubles. And the professor let them retake it - and the exam was one question: "Which tire?" I want to build a spam filter that would throw out email based on some measure of its content relative to Snope's DB score. I don't think the iPhone has to worry about the EEE. Their uses and form-factor are different. I use both daily. I waited a month after the iPhone launch to replace my 6-yr old Nokia 8265 (so old that you could only send ALL-CAPS text messages - which annoyed friends). I love the Eee. 2 lb vs 4-5 lb of a typical notebook while commuting is a well-appreciated difference. The Eee has the added factor of sometimes being a conversation starter (a feature the me-too MacBook lacks). Not having to worry about (typical) shock-related damage makes the limited SD storage worth it. T. Boone Pickens, an oil-made billionaire, has been saying that daily global oil production has peaked. He's been right (and made hundreds of millions off his predictions) before. Transcript of Steve Forbes and T. Boone Pickens Debate Peak Oil [DOC] http://tinyurl.com/6lqtgu Also China has hinted at using its $900bn in US Treasuries as political ammunition Fascinating article. The field trip/study occurred in 2003 - since then the paper admits mobile phones have become more pervasive and common. However, the behavior of the teenage girls it examines during study points out that a mobile phone may be a totem of your social identity (especially, when you're just fiddling with it in public making use of idle time). Italic emphasis added below. "The girls...did not possess the phone through personalization ...Instead, they related to the mobile in a very functional way...seeking devices...not seen as technologically advanced or too sophisticated...Rather than display their mobile phones, then, the girls were preoccupied with hiding this object, which they were not supposed to own - and with denying the relationships it signified " "For these teenage girls, the mobile phone connoted not mobility and movement in space, but rather intimacy and person-to-person communcation.." I liked his comment about scalability. When you have paid subscribers, you like scaling issues. Scaling issues (server capacity being utilized) means your business is doing well. With your subscription fees producing a healthy profit, you can buy another server (a kick-ass one). Gracenote should show some class and donate some funds to startup an open-source music community. Gracenote a.k.a. CDDB was one of the original crowd-sourced web applications. Thousands of volunteers contributed their time to build the CD track database. Some of Dilbert's content comes from anonymous email submissions. This is a game-like twist. Two conflicting quotes: "If all you get from your job is a paycheck, you're underpaid." "Work doesn't necessarily make you happy but it may give you means (money) to do the stuff that makes you happy" Twitter is small talk. As much as I sometimes cringe at the banality of "How are you?", it's important because it is not important. A small percentage of users are trying to get $10k/month bandwidth for $60/month. Gold is heavy. Reminds me of the movies like Indiana Jones where average-build actors lift up gold bricks that should weight 80-100 lbs. each like they were boxes of business cards Congratulations! Looking forward to your next adventure/venture Strongly considering Argentina. Pros: No work visa required. Affordable lifestyle (eating out, tango clubs, outdoor events, music). Cost of living fairly low ($10k/yr reasonable living burn rate), Buenos Aires one of the world's largest metropolitan areas. Burgeoning expatriate population (pro or con, depending). Cons: Distance from family and friends (but some have said they'd love to visit!). Distance from established networks. Virtual business dealings. You need to learn another language to effectively be part of the community (not a programming one, a real language, Spanish and maybe their local hybrid). Humans are irrational. Even the person who thinks themselves the most rational will do irrational things from time to time, especially under stressful situations. And if you think you can always overcome mental intertia and will yourself to do something: "Brain Scanner Can See Your Decisions Before You Make Them" http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=162863 Hmm. Good to know. Overstaying tourist visas seems like a gray area. My friend has been studying French for years and is quaking at the thought of the Test de connaissance du français You can't outsource passion.. Check out http://barenakedapp.com for Carson's from day zero to launch to sale intimate story of DropSend Look at a lot of examples and use the example code to help build a small web application that would be useful for you. Classic essay: "Why Chinese is so Damn Hard" http://www.pinyin.info/readings/texts/moser.html "Someone once said that learning Chinese is "a five-year lesson in humility". I used to think this meant that at the end of five years you will have mastered Chinese and learned humility along the way. However, now having studied Chinese for over six years, I have concluded that actually the phrase means that after five years your Chinese will still be abysmal, but at least you will have thoroughly learned humility." So if we take into account cost-of-living adjustments (ignoring quality of life +/- adjustments), the average starting salary is around $50K "How is managing a team of techies different from managing other kinds of office workers? Technical people are motivated by interesting work. They will put up with abominable working conditions if they get to work on something that interests them. I've managed people who had to be sent home at night. But technical people without interesting work are very difficult to manage. Their active minds tend to get them into trouble. A happy team is a group that is busy and too intrigued with their project to get mired down with internal politics. In contrast, I find office workers to be more interested in the overall job than the task at hand. Environment, recognition and security are more important to them. I've also found that technical people need to have adequate playtime. Ideas are exchanged and expanded while they play ping-pong or walk around the parking lot. Allowing people the freedom to wander when they need to returns high rewards that far offset the apparent lack of focus. Technical workers work all the time. Their minds are constantly mulling over problems and possible solutions. What looks like slacking off may be the most productive time they spend. Give them the freedom to work. " http://www.computerworld.com/action/article.do?command=viewA... Good article about the experience of finding apartments: http://www.nytimes.com/2006/08/24/garden/24new.html?n=Top/Re... Manhattan had a very successful policy of encouraging diversity by apartment subsidies (Mitchell-Lama). Otherwise, you restrict the area to only those who can "afford" it. I heard recently about someone who sold their apartment back to their rent-subsidized apartment building. A 3br on the Upper West Side. For $12,000 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mitchell-Lama Luke asks: Shoe - in your opinion, whats the best resource (other than shoemoney, of course) for affiliate noobies to learn how to get started and what are the best offers to get started with (sorry, that’s sort of 2 questions in one)? Thanks! ShoeMoney: I really dunno any site including this one that will teach people that much how to make money. They need to dive in and learn. Its so simple and costs nothing to start that people need to stop being lazy. No website will replace experience. jim asks: Do you have a mentor? If so, who is it? If not, who would you love to be mentored by? Thanks Jeremy! ShoeMoney: I don’t have a mentor but there are a lot of people I have taken pieces from… seth godin, malcom gladwell, guy kawasaki. I am not a big fan of “mentoring”. I think more people need to do things for themselves and learn from there own experiences and not from the experiences of others. "there's something very weird about someone who stands around and doesn't introduce themselves." A master networker once explained to me that if you don't commit yourself to meeting someone (e.g. introducing yourself with energy/smile) the other person feels awkward because they have to invest energy in figuring out who you are. While if you act outgoing, then the other person doesn't feel as put upon.. If you are shy, it requires the other person to put in effort while if you act outgoing/take initiative, the other person can relax because they can see who you are (at least in the public realm) Fascinating and funny account of the tech scene in Buenos Aires from an unlikely newsgroup message: http://osdir.com/ml/culture.people.kragen.journal/2007-09/ms... The best description I've read of Twitter.. "ShoeMoney: Sure you follow people you care what they say and then are alerted when they say something. Its a great cross between a instant messenger and a blog." Some of these games (gravity head with friend's heads) could be adapted into social network widgets and may stand out because throwing sheep at the end of the day can get trite You are who you are. If coding makes you happier, make time in your life for it. You have acquired the knowledge and experience (skills) to be social. Sometimes you don't have to listen to the criticism you hear (especially if it is coming from your own thoughts) I hang around with a diverse group of friends. I find that the more interests I pursue (improv comedy, entrepreneurship, triathlons) the more people you meet. Some of them shape your life view; others are merely acquaintances. I am always shocked to learn again that some people don't think obsessively and analyze everything (a.k.a. analysis paralysis née nice guy née loner). One positive aspect of being able to dive into coding is that you can always exercise your creative mind and feel good, without relying on other people. Life is not a measure of its longevity, but its complexity. What separates this from being an experiment vs. harrowing life experience? Another Milgram study involved asking NYC subway passengers to give up their seat. The interesting part is when Dr. Milgram participated: "Dismissing his students' fears, Dr. Milgram set out to try it himself. But when he approached his first seated passenger, he found himself frozen. "The words seemed lodged in my trachea and would simply not emerge," he said in the interview. Retreating, he berated himself: 'What kind of craven coward are you?" A few unsuccessful tries later, he managed to choke out a request. "Taking the man's seat, I was overwhelmed by the need to behave in a way that would justify my request," he said. "My head sank between my knees, and I could feel my face blanching. I was not role-playing. I actually felt as if I were going to perish." http://www.nytimes.com/2004/09/14/nyregion/14subway.html MySQL. Simple to setup for non-complex websites. And I wonder if MySQL's rise to billion-dollar acquisition was fueled by the growth of PHP (read: non-CGI) websites. Your Catcher in the Rye reference reminds me of "A Separate Peace" Anyone else not only read this classic but had it as a "favorite" book once, in the introvert genre? As a former workaholic, it can be cured. Workaholism can be fueled by an intense drive to show others how hard you can work (the classic I'll show them attitude). Which is good because you can divert it to other interests (e.g. not your job). For example, I diverted my workaholism to Toastmasters and it simultaneously saved my job (was going to quit, feeling underappreciated) and I stumbled into a great group of people (many, still friends). There is a famous saying from the Army: "You don't rise to the occasion, you fall (or default) to your level of training". Did you give them prior warning? What was your negotiation like (cordial or walkout?) Or did it just come out of the blue? I came back from a trip from Guatemala and was spouting off about quitting and going there the week I came back so the element of surprise is not there (and not in my non-secretive personality). You are my hero. I'd like to go to Latin America for 3 months to study Spanish but I'm starting to settle for getting tutored in Spanish. Reading your account (7 months!) and great why-not-do-it articles like this makes me start thinking, however, that upper management might negotiate something nice if I do really walk away... The interesting thing about karma.. I find that I can't/I get tired of posting insightful comments day after day..and take breaks and lurk..edw519 I don't know how you do it. I probably won't make the "leaders" (but I don't think its important) >The final straw came when he put $100 of gas into his Pontiac over four days a couple weeks ago. "Finally, I was able to trade my independence for the savings," he said while waiting for the bus. I leave my city apartment at 720, walk briskly to the train station (3/4 mile), take the 737 train, arrive in the suburbs where I work by 830ish, take the bus, arrive at work just before 9. Why? Because I wanted to escape the suburbs and my cube and experience life in the city and keep my decent software job. Because I choose to outsource commuting to my local public transportation authority. Most people think I'm insane to spend three to four hours a day commuting. I usually don't bother to mention it to my friends who live and work in the city. Taking public transportation, your life is driven by the schedule - which is fine since most workdays are pretty structured. The more I use public transportation, the cheaper it is (unlimited use monthly pass) I am writing this to explain that it doesn't matter how illogical your commute is - you can always (emotionally) justify it (as with most things in life) "The soft over comes the hard, the slow over comes the fast, let your working remain a mystery just show people the result." _Tao Te Ching_ "Probably the biggest lie told in schools, though, is that the way to succeed is through following "the rules." In fact most such rules are just hacks to manage large groups efficiently." Reminds me of something Seth Godin (?) once said - that the whole purpose of school is to institutionalize mediocrity When I was recovering from elective gum surgery, I could only safely chew with the teeth on one side of my mouth. And for the first time, I had to chew and eat slow. It's harder now that I no longer need to do that but chewing using one side of your mouth can dramatically slow your intake rate. The DHTML bible still rules As someone who codes ActionScript as part of my job, I'm excited about the new Google Maps AS3 API. http://code.google.com/apis/maps/documentation/flash/ "Nothing made [Feynman] angrier than making something simple sound complicated." "Because even when Richard didn't understand, he always seemed to understand better than the rest of us. And whatever he understood, he could make others understand as well. Richard made people feel like a child does, when a grown-up first treats him as an adult. He was never afraid of telling the truth, and however foolish your question was, he never made you feel like a fool." Great article. I didn't know Danny Hillis was such a talented writer. I love reading Feynman's books and about him because it gives me a glimpse of what the world looks like to a creative genius (which is closer to a child than an adult) and how intelligence can be applied to any problem. Icelandic is one of the world's most difficult languages to learn Outside the bubble of SV/Google, some of us accept free coffee (that we have to make ourselves) in the morning as a perk Great article about a great visual hacker. “Pascal is actually an unwritten author of what is leading the newest areas of contemporary image-making.” "But this world is not reality—it’s about drawing people toward an ideal vision, if we’re talking about fashion photography. You have to think that celebrities are playing roles the same way they do in movies.” You might be able to negotiate a leave of absence (since you're walking away anyway) http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=184979 Or have you considered grad school abroad at a suitable university (ideally, where the academics meet your rigor and exchange rate is favorable)? I remember long hours with difficult homework sets while my liberal arts major friends would go out and party. I only know a few engineers who could get their homework done and party. Engineering doesn't give you a lot of free time to party - I spent years of my life in the engineering building - liberal arts majors on the other hand...they can have a different college experience. Most of the girls who were in my program were smarter. Why would you choose a major that puts a major crimp in your social life? The information in FHW is simple but not easy. It takes a lot of initiative to create a Muse (Ferriss' term for a semi-autonomous business entity). However, it's not black-and-white - choose to apply what you may. I'm confident if you successfully applied FHW you wouldn't just have a blog post - you could have a blog e.g. ihaveafourworkweeknow.com where people would pay to subscribe - to learn how you did it. For added value, keep a detailed blog while you are figuring out how to apply the FHW (e.g. Day 25 - Boss negotiation) and timecapsule so you can unveil it to paying subscribers once you achieve the FHW. I would add 'Internal politics' - how many stakeholders In the book, the author explains how he used Google Adwords to test the marketability/flash of book titles. 4HWW won. I assume you are already using boolean searches but if you aren't... Reminds me of the authentic loft space I visited once - it was really really cold (Winter). Not like the faux lofts that have central heating+air If I were a people person, Southwest would be the company I would work for. I love their reality show because it shows you how people can remain calm in a storm. Nordstrom's is a department store known around here for extraordinary customer service. I walked into a Nordstrom's the other day. I felt out of place because the marble floors reflected the well-heeled patrons. I went in just to see if it was true that they never ask "Can I help you?". Because if you are asked that - you'll probably say "No, thank you." At Nordstrom's, they asked me "Have you shopped here before?" It's a tricky question - because it's not really a closed-ended question. "No" "No? How can I.." Reminded me of this old article about how the effective tax rate in the U.S. can be argued to be virtually 40%: http://articles.moneycentral.msn.com/Taxes/Advice/YourRealTa... I thrive in a busy environment. When there is nothing to do, I start to worry about what other people do (or don't do). Some of the comments on the article are better than the article itself (his manager, a multi-millionaire is now a 18-wheeler truck driver and a great anecdote about the genius who made the first Ethernet card) Umm. If you don't already do it, remembering (recording in a safe place and (calling preferred over emailing) near the day of) the birthdays of people who are important to you and/or who you'd like to keep in very loose contact with is a platinum networking technique. "Programmers get amazing value because for $30 they are presented with everything they need to program a certain tool." There have been a few technical books that have more than paid their cost based on finding the answer to just one vexing problem (DHTML bible, for example). Theoretically, the answer could have been googled but opening the book found it. "For the bedroom, Forrester envisions an Apple “clock radio” that pipes in music and other media across a home network." One of the major things Steve Jobs did when he came back to Apple over 10 years ago when it was floundering was cut the product lines so it could focus on what was working and what had potential (a side project, the iMac was mainlined and greenlighted). I feel Apple is in danger of diluting its brand as it expands into our family rooms and bedrooms (seriously, a clock radio? there are 3rd party iPod addons that already do that) Thanks. I have your session on my schedule. The sessions I'm interested in lean towards Ruby on Rails hobbyist hacking outside of work but I am hoping to pitch RoR to the entrenched Java/XSD/WebServices folks at my company (which is where yours fits nicely, e.g. a RESTful interface to our ERP apps). Using jQuery with Ruby, Entrepreneurs On Rails, Oh the Fail I've Known, 23 Hacks...z80 assembler, The Profitable Programmer, ..Titanic.. are the sessions I'm most intrigued in based solely on text descriptions. Side note: Integration Testing with RSpec's Story Runner - one of my co-workers saw him speak and said the guy is really good I took a furniture making class and Dan, the experienced woodworker, who taught the class told me something important when I was struggling with my table. He said "Do you think master woodworkers don't make mistakes? They do, they shim* stuff up. You can't tell when it's done". Another woodworker also told me 'there's no such thing as the right way. there's only smarter, safer, faster" e.g. if you run into a problem, you work around it with a creative solution. A shim is a small piece of wood, chipped to fit into a joint and glued in place so that the joint is snug. Hi. There is no magic cure. I've found that swimming helps because it involves whole body movement. The most important thing you can do is to take restbreaks (I use WorkPace software) I think this article just shows how co-dependent some of us are on the network. Other bloggers leaving comments in this post showing empathy "how horrible" it must have been. I have an addictive personality and it scares me how much you can live your life on the net. Which is why I try to avoid twitter/RSS readers/FB. Remember when Angela in the movie The Net (played by Speed's Sandra Bullock) had her identity erased by the bad guys? When I come across a non-business blog that hasn't been updated recently, I assume the person lost interest in whatever interest they were pursuing, rather than simply losing interest blogging. Losing interest in a hobby happens a lot. However, when I find a company blog that hasn't been updated recently, I assume nothing is happening. Even if nothing is happening and/or something is happening and it can be divulged, I feel the company blog gives me a behind-the-scenes into how the business is growing. If nothing is happening, why not write about other companies (in other industries) like SmugMug's Don MacAskill does? Two fresh blogs http://blogs.smugmug.com/don/ (business) http://www.throughth3wall.com/ (non-business) Two stale or "dead" blogs http://www.startup-ceo.com/ (last update 7/2007, business) http://mightymo84.blogspot.com/ (last update 2/2006 did she succeed?, non-business) Making of follow-up to dropsend.com http://www.barenakedapp.com/page/8 From Seth: "The web is nothing but a system, a bunch of (largely unwritten) rules regarding search, linking, promotion, etc." Seth rarely goes deep on his succinct this-is-an-idea-I-have posts, but the question of what are the rules on the web is making me wonder... Since paulgraham.com is linked, maybe we can reverse-engineer what these rules might be - establish your unique voice (essays), build and nurture an active discussion (news.YC), have a real-world event that dovetails with your mission (e.g. Seth's Purple Cows gatherings in cities or better Y-Combinator), create something that people will use and/or argue about (essays, Arc, Seth's controversial The Dip [e.g. quit if you can't handle it]) If you haven't already heard of the News.YC iPhone web app from Buxfer (YC Winter '07) http://buxfer.com/yc Investing your life now in a startup seems more like hiking the AT while doing a job 9-5 is more like running on a treadmill in a gym, A couple friends who have hiked the AT (Appalachian Trail) have described that during the course of the semi-year trip, you shed your external identities (e.g. what you do in the real world) and see the beautiful and ugly and honest side of your trailmates. I've noticed recently in discussions with old friends that we talk about frankly about rather serious health issues - I guess that's a modern sign of letting down your guard, trusting someone. Unfortunately, a sizeable percentage of homeless also suffer from mental illnesses that directly impact their ability to hold down a job. A friend of mine who works at a metropolitan hospital constantly sees homeless people there, by their entrance not to beg but because they want to be admitted, to get treated, to get off the streets. Some people I knew in high school - their big ambition (some of them since they were little) was to get married young live in the suburbs stay at home raise their family. And they're doing that - e.g. like it or not, they're successful. The beauty of being human is your choices can change, as your circumstances change. You can lead a horse to water but you can't make them drink. RailsConf was awesome. Met a number of interesting people. Go Microapps! Ben - I liked your REST presentation though I got lost of the more advanced examples (seems like there is a right way to build REST views and many wrong ways) As an undercover Java guy at RailsConf and someone who worked with Gemstone/J, I am starting to think that Gemstone has finally found the passionate niche that it's always been looking to find. Rails and Ruby. The only thing Rails codes dislike more than Java is SQL If you like TextMate, TextMate compatible editor http://www.e-texteditor.com/ “Hurry up and lose your first 50 games.” - Go proverb presented by Adam Keys Adam then keyed in on the core of his talk: Learning. He said there are only kinds of learning: Learning from others & Learning by doing. You only learn by falling down. Nobody gets everything right the first time. Set yourself up to rapidly trying things until you find what’s right. Just like you don’t play hockey without padding: don’t develop without padding. Unit tests, exception notifier, cheap branching/merging in git, fast deploy with capistrano are all padding that mean you fear less and can try things that might hurt you because you can fix them fast." Adam Key's talk summarized "Oh the Fail I’ve known" http://drewblas.com/2008/06/01/railsconf-2008-sunday-afterno... > I did some extreme personality modification afterwards and when I went other places I had a much better time. I'd love to hear more about this. Usually when I go to a party I talk to a few people and have an OK time. However, the few times I've talked to everyone at a party, I've had a memorable blast. It's definitely not natural and I feel I have to be warmed up socially. DHH, the creator of Ruby on Rails, recently talked about getting more sleep. Too much emphasis, he said, is put on the superman mystique of the coder who codes 12 hours/day. We should stop bragging about how little sleep we get and instead wake up rested and productive. "projects are not dependent on what happens in one day" As a personal note, from experiencing this many times... once you get sick (which can be accelerated by lack of sleep + diet + stress), the wheels fall off everything (startup/coding? try getting out of bed)