Quora to the rescue: http://www.quora.com/Twitter-Inc-company/Why-does-Twitter-ne... For real! These guys are masters of the universe. Obviously they couldn't massively overvaluate something. Does giving away half your startup for $1,000 in writing count? 1) I believe your "top 5 highest taxing states" is inaccurate. In 2000, at least, California ranked 19th in combined state + local tax burden according to the U.S. Census Bureau, which is decidedly middle of the pack. Pretending like we're the most highly taxed state in the country is deceptive and gives the impression that good governance (well, bad in our case) comes for free. Note that though the ranking of 19th does factor in our larger economy, it doesn't account for the reality that more highly advanced economies require a better trained and more specialized bureaucracy. So just as we shouldn't be surprised when Sweden has a better compensated civil service than Namibia, all things being equal we should expect for California government to account for a larger portion of the economy than Mississippi's or Oklahoma's, instead of being in the middle of the pack. 2) The Economist is left-leaning? Heh. 3) Most technocrats, be they left or right, absolutely hate the 40% rule as well. As a Democrat, I'd gladly trade a repeal of Prop 98 for a repeal of Prop 13. Hell, I'd repeal Prop 98 just on its own. Government by ballot box is terrible. Imagine a world where California were 4 or 5 separate states. Mendocino to Santa Cruz, including the Bay Area, as one; LA and Ventura as another; San Diego and the Inland Empire as a third; Central Valley, Shasta, etc. as the 4th. Probably would improve governance, as the Republican Party we deal with in the Bay Area would offer people like Tom Campbell instead of Prop 8 NOMers. In state level taxation. State and local taxation and spending, however, are highly coupled, and looking at state level taxation in isolation can be misleading. Especially in the case of California, where local property tax rates were made artificially low, and as a result state income tax and sales tax artificially high. As far as sociology or expose goes, the article is uninteresting. What, a giant corporation uses every legal means at its disposal to make sure it gets only good PR? What, there exist serious race and class disparities in the United States that manifest themselves in the workplace? What, Google has a good PR department that doesn't reflect actual internal practices? Quelle horreur! What's more interesting from a sociological perspective is the range of most of the reactions here on Hacker News, which seem to vary between "he doesn't understand that this is just how things work" to brick shitting freak out ("passive aggressive", "nitwit", "see a psychologist"). If you find yourself immediately jumping into defense mechanisms, stop for a second and think about why that is. I've found that turning off Firebug significantly improves Firefox's performance. Have others had this experience? Well, there are a couple different possibilities here. One would be for him to buy things for himself--this would shift consumption to luxury goods. Another would be to give them to his workers, which shifts consumption to everyday essentials (and, increasingly, middle class goods). What he's done is shift money toward capital investment, which shifts consumption C from the present to (1+x)C consumption sometime in the future. I'm not sure that's a bad thing--it's all about the time discount rate you're using in evaluating the value of economic decisions. Whose consumption is also relevant here, but a century from now the benefits of his forsaking consumption will be fairly diffused. Is this true, though? The unstated assumption appears to be that doing any single thing can be highly parallelized and the window of opportunity is infinite. But reality is rarely that kind. (1) Some things take 40 years of consistent mid-level effort. Even if you could quadruple your effort on it, it wouldn't get you there in 10 years. Building a family, for instance. (2) The chronological window. We live in a unique time in history (as have people in every other time). It's an incredible time to be a web developer, for instance. Ten years from now I doubt there will be as many opportunities. In the 1950's, you had amazing opportunities at being a worker in heavy industry; in the 1960's you could play a valorized role in the space race. Nowadays neither is an option. (3) Age window. Different ages lend themselves to different things. Sure, people in their sixties can run a marathon, but it's a hell of a lot easier to do it in your twenties. And unfortunately many of the things we might want to do are early on in life--people's career paths are fairly set by 30, and we've passed our physical peaks by 30. These aren't hard and fast rules, but they're both very real tendencies that you've got to account for in managing your life plans. (4) Some things actively conflict in more than just competing for your time and dedication. It's impossible to have an undergraduate experience that is both set in a large Southern state university centered around sports and a small private liberal arts college in New England. Multitasking to the point of constant stress can lead only to disaster, of course. The solution isn't to pretend that you'll eventually get to do everything you want but instead to choose carefully what you want most and then do it well. This is a good opportunity to show off the (fake) Haskell quicksort: qsort :: (Ord a Bool) => [a] -> [a] qsort [] = [] qsort (x:xs) = qsort (filter ( x) xs) Not 61 characters, but it has the added benefit of being comprehensible! I'm curious (genuine question): we know that if we dropped the Earth into the Sun, the climate would change substantially. And yet this is a prediction about gross properties of a chaotic system that no one would dispute. How does your point of view account for this prediction from physics versus predictions of greater CO2 concentrations causing an increased greenhouse effect, which also derives from physics? Is it simply the margins of error for different parameters? "World temperatures could rise by between 1.1 and 6.4 °C (2.0 and 11.5 °F) during the 21st century" IPCC So, "one degree per century" is accurate if (a) you clarify you mean Celsius, not Farenheit and (b) you're saying the minimum increase, while also noting the maximum increase could be six times as high. The Maunder minimum argument has been around awhile. A useful counterbalance from NASA 2008: http://data.giss.nasa.gov/gistemp/2008/ -------------------------- "Solar irradiance: The solar output remains low (Fig. 4), at the lowest level in the period since satellite measurements began in the late 1970s, and the time since the prior solar minimum is already 12 years, two years longer than the prior two cycles. This has led some people to speculate that we may be entering a "Maunder Minimum" situation, a period of reduced irradiance that could last for decades. Most solar physicists expect the irradiance to begin to pick up in the next several months — there are indications, from the polarity of the few recent sunspots, that the new cycle is beginning. However, let's assume that the solar irradiance does not recover. In that case, the negative forcing, relative to the mean solar irradiance is equivalent to seven years of CO2 increase at current growth rates. So do not look for a new "Little Ice Age" in any case. Assuming that the solar irradiance begins to recover this year, as expected, there is still some effect on the likelihood of a near-term global temperature record due to the unusually prolonged solar minimum. Because of the large thermal inertia of the ocean, the surface temperature response to the 10-12 year solar cycle lags the irradiance variation by 1-2 years. Thus, relative to the mean, i.e, the hypothetical case in which the sun had a constant average irradiance, actual solar irradiance will continue to provide a negative anomaly for the next 2-3 years." -------------------------- That said, if a Maunder minimum does somehow manage to give us a couple extra decades to get our house in order (before the subsequent recovery of solar activity), that's a godsend. Let's hope it pans out. True. But if lucky happenstance lets us be where we are now in 2060 instead of current predictions, that's still a net win--we'll be a significantly richer world then with more resources and technology to adapt to climate change. On the other side of things, the ability of CO2 to contribute to the greenhouse effect may well be saturated by then, just counteracted by the solar cycle. Which would leave us in the place where we're at the mercy of sunspots (which have no control over) and our ability to actively remove CO2 from the atmosphere (which we may or may not have control over). Not so good. Let's say we could kick it down the road 50 years--I don't believe a mini-Ice Age is coming either, and even if it is NASA for one expects it to counteract only around seven years of carbon emissions. So this is all a bunch of pointless hypotheticals. But bear with me. 50 years from now, assuming around 2% annual global growth (a conservative guess), the world will be over two and a half times richer than it is now. We'll have had 50 years of technological advancement. Given that right now the biggest roadblocks to dealing with climate change are (a) the very real costs of mitigation and (b) the lack of technological ability to cost effectively generate carbon-free energy and remove CO2 from the atmosphere, there's a decent case on the face of it that we'd be more able to deal with it, notwithstanding the couple hundred extra ppm of CO2 we'd have to worry about. Part of my motivation is also that I'm increasingly pessimistic about us getting our shit in order in the present day. The current radically corporatist administration in the USA gives only lip service to the problem, and the opposition... well, the less said about the opposition, the better. So if the hand we're dealt is that we have to deal with climate change in the present, we're pretty much fucked. Kicking it down the road would at least offer some hope. Thanks for the thoughtful writeup. But I don't get specifically how this doesn't prove too much--even though climate is a complex system, we know (right?) that throwing it into the center of the sun would increase mean global temperatures. But if I said that chaos and information theoretic arguments prevent us from making any predictions, I'd rightly be laughed off the stage. What is the differentiating factor that makes those arguments apply to models looking at CO2 concentrations as exogenous forcers but not being-in-the-center-of-the-sun? I've been hearing this a lot. Is there any evidence at all, though, that it's a false flag operation? So far as I can tell, the argument is implicitly "It's impossible for anyone in the world to be anywhere near as stupid as LulzSec appears to be, so it has to be a government plant." Unfortunately, that runs afoul of the maxim to never underestimate the depths of human stupidity... Or is this more said in jest, a way of just pointing out that the script kiddies behind LulzSec are really, really stupid and doing something that threatens to undermine a free and open Internet? I don't doubt that most .NET/PHP programmers don't give a crap about security. Is this any different from RoR or Django, though? By the same token, any problem that can be solved in javascript can also be solved in CSS3+HTML or brainfuck. ...time to get to work on that framework... No, no, a thousand times no. It's not "reproducing a work at a lower quality." That would imply that the artist was trying to copy the original but could only get those dang pixels because all he had was a 1980s era computer and couldn't do any better. That's clearly not the case. It's a different work of art inspired by the original, meant to evoke it but clearly apart in purpose, aim, and audience. It's like saying that "Pride, Prejudice, and Zombies" was a poor attempt at copying "Pride and Prejudice." Whoah, check out the distribution of the leading digit in binary! Shortages are a sign of a flawed market. What needs to be done is something similar to the radio spectrum; require a regular bidding process on a given domain (or, more likely, the set of domains that are in-demand). Squatting becomes a less desirable business when you've got to pay $100/year for an in-demand domain. Depends on what you mean. A healthy 40 year old has more stamina and well-being than an obese 30 year old. So at least in one way, you actually are extending your 20s, and your 30s, and your 40s, and your... I'm playing around with the trial. Some thoughts: 1) Extremely slick interface. Facebook beat MySpace in part because it was relatively clean; Google+ wins here by a mile. That reason alone makes me root for it. 2) It's Google's umpteenth foray into the social arena, so naturally most people are comparing it to Facebook. But its use cases strike me as being more comparable to Twitter than FB. 3) People can be categorized into contexts and multiple contexts. This is the killer feature. I find myself wanting to just eliminate the "Friends" circle wholesale and just have a different circle for each cluster in my social network. 4) I might be misunderstanding how sharing/the feed works. But, if someone is in any circle and you are viewing that circle's stream, I think you see whatever they share. I'd like something finer-grained than that. I have one friend who I both bike with and play board games with. If we get into a conversation about a ride on a weekend, doesn't the model inherently mean what I see in the board game stream gets polluted with the bike conversation? Own site. Vaguely similar to Facebook, but less "formish" and more interactive. Black bar at top. "She has no grasp on the effect..." "...the guy who put it forth has no clue about how the internet works..." "...has literally no clue how this works and doesn't care a whit about the effect it will have..." Really? Is e-commerce so weak that it can't compete on a level playing field with physical retail? Even if you think it is that weak, is it really so outlandish for people to think it can that it's worth a page of venom-filled invective? Yeah, Amazon's cutting off its nose to spite its face here, but doesn't that mean you should be mad at Amazon, not the state government? And yet somehow companies like WalMart and Target manage this terrific feat. It'd be better if there were a unified system of national sales tax. But for a company Amazon's size, it's a laughable idea that it's somehow impossible to do this magnificent feat of implementing a lookup table.* The hard part is keeping things up to date, but a good faith effort to do the previous would get Amazon pretty far. *I worked for a company that is a thousandth Amazon's size in revenues, but it managed to do it for the whole state of California. It genuinely can get complicated--zip codes can cross county lines, for instance--but again, far from impossible, and when this becomes widespread third party solutions will pop up a lot more. This ignores the critique that the "better experience and price" online retail offers comes about because Amazon doesn't have to pay sales tax. This makes everything Amazon sells 10% cheaper in California, which means that even a totally equivalent experience offered by WalMart would be seriously disadvantaged. That said, this is a very sub-optimal solution--it's lose-lose-lose. It comes down to the fact, though, that one of Amazon's key competitive advantages is being able to avoid sales tax, and no solution which is (a) genuinely achievable and (b) levels the playing field will be supported by Amazon. In substance, that's a bad analogy. If you order something from WalMart.com, you have to pay sales tax for your jurisdiction, even though it's not a physical cashier in your jurisdiction ringing it up. It ends up giving Amazon an unfair advantage, just by virtue of the mere fact that it doesn't have physical retail locations in the states it sells stuff to. Naturally, lots of people are pissed off at this turn of events. For good reason, too--everyone's losing here, including the State, Amazon, consumers, and various developers and start ups. Even the shadowy backers of the legislation (WalMart, Target, etc.) don't win an even playing field, because Amazon still isn't going to pay sales tax. Since many people's livelihoods are very threatened by this frack-up, it's not too surprising that there'll be some itchy fingers. Perhaps. But we obviously do care about it, for whatever reason. If you're looking for media that cater to people in the mainstream, there's always USA Today and Reader's Digest. The first paragraph gives it all away: "The clock is slowly ticking toward Aug. 2, the date on which the U.S. faces "fiscal Armageddon" — according to the Obama administration — unless Congress agrees to raise the debt ceiling. But would we?" Yes, it's an Armageddon according to the Obama administration. But also Speaker Bohner. And Senator McConnell. And Moody's. And the CBO. Etc. It's also terribly inaccurate, even from a Cato perspective. A 44% cut in federal spending really isn't accurately described as something that will "almost certainly hurt." Pretending to believe that that's doable in any sensible way doesn't lend much credence to the writer. Even if it were possible to do things as he suggests, it wouldn't solve the central problem. The United States has _legal obligations_ to pay Social Security benefits, make sure our retired soldiers receive their pensions, and other civil servants get the healthcare benefits they're entitled to as part of their agreed upon compensation package. These aren't things you can go "oopsies, I don't feel like paying it, maybe next month." And even if you were to do this with extremely questionable legality, it wouldn't help the central issue, which is faith in the credit of the United States. If I pay off my credit card bill but have to renege on my mortgage and car payments to do so, my credit is still going to be shot. Lastly: this is about two weeks late in Republican messaging. It's now Obama who's pushing for larger long-term deficit reduction and spending cuts than Republicans (on the order of 4 trillion instead of 2 trillion over the next decade). This is, it should be said, not merely twice as big as the Republican package but also twice as stupid and boneheaded. Regardless, that's how things stand--Republicans are likely to refuse Obama's 4 trillion in favor of their 2 trillion, which is only half as stupid so on net good for the country. Good for them, but unfortunately it undermines the Cato dude's argument about it being about the deficit. Whenever you see numbers like this, always ask two questions. Is it adjusted for inflation, and is it adjusted for economic growth? If you're feeling really wonky, you'd also adjust for sector-specific inflation. For instance, disproportionate increase in the cost of health care. Which I hear the government spends a couple dollars here and there on... They need reform on the scale of decades, though, not years and definitely not months. Large super-majorities of the public oppose cuts to SS and Medicare. This, by the way, includes self-identified conservatives and Republicans. In large part this is the public being ignorant and wanting something for nothing--if the public had their way, we'd balance the budget and double Medicare and SS benefits by cutting foreign aid payments. That said, for something as important and widely supported as these two programs, we should be discussing solutions to their long-term funding issues as a standalone debate. Cutting them after a month of backroom negotiations while using the credit worthiness of the USA as a hostage strikes me as very inappropriate and not politically sustainable. Edited to add: the reason these cuts are stupid is because many of them would come into effect immediately, which would be disastrous for our already weak economy. The size of the cuts are appropriate if projected into the future and not the immediate present. There's a lot to agree with here and a lot to disagree with. But I think of it as a separate debate. The fact remains that those obligations do exist. Even if conceded that it was stupid for us to enter into these agreements, they're still legal and still have legal force. If your company agrees to pay another company for some service or product but then refuses to do so at the end of the month, that's both illegal and immoral. Same deal here. I've had some good results by messing with the query string. But only for particular values--last I tried, 5 was often a good number. Dunno if it'd catch people in Berkeley, though. It's understandable on its own. That said, all the volumes are pretty wonderful. Braudel is my favorite historian--materialism without nutty Marxism. I'm torn about this. India is a much more pluralistic society, and Pakistan is a failed state. But one of the points made early on in the article makes it seem as if the Partition was entirely Pakistan's idea, and the hundreds of thousands (millions?) of people who died were all innocent Hindus being slaughtered at the hands of murderous Muslims. "But violence erupted, and it quickly became clear that in the new homeland for India's Muslims, there would be no place for its non-Muslim communities. Pakistan and India came into being at the cost of a million lives and the largest migration in history." Which is far from the reality; it was a clusterfuck all around, and communal violence was the rule of the day on both sides of the partition line. It wasn't just Muslims in the 30s who called for two separate states. Many Hindus did too. It's true, the most prominent Hindu in the struggle (Gandhi) wanted a single state and tried to (in theory, at least) accommodate the large Muslim minority. For those efforts he was assassinated by a religious extremist. Of course, you hear religious extremist and you might assume it was some Muslim who thought Gandhi was too effective a voice for unity. To the contrary, it was a Hindu nationalist who thought Gandhi was a sellout to the Muslims. This strain of Hindu nationalism that endorses the use of violence has appeared again and again. As recently as 2002 a riot occurred in which a Hindu mob murdered around a thousand Muslims. All this isn't to say the Muslims on the subcontinent are all paragons of virtue and liberalism. They aren't. But the story the author tells is just a pleasant story, meant to appeal to the baser instincts of Wall Street Journal readers. Maybe more than that, it's a story meant to appeal to India's own self conception, where it's as pure as snow and it's those dastardly Pakistanis who've made everything terrible. If you think you can patent utterly absurd things... well, you understand patents pretty well. Well, the best you can say about Larry Summers' tactlessness is that it's equal opportunity. And, is that the Winklesvosses in that photo? This is the bigot in me coming out, but that picture alone is enough to make me root for the Zuck, a difficult task indeed. Even rich assholes deserve their day in court, though. If they were defrauded or had their IP stolen, then you've got to follow the rule of law, regardless of where it might lead you or who it might offend. Also: there's no actual evidence of asshole-ness besides their costume and cultural affects (rowing?). While even in the best plausible telling of the Facebook story, Mark clearly pays the part of massive asshole. We usually hate the visibly "asshole" type because they got to where they are through privilege, connections, and looks. All of which the Winklevosses have in spades. But they have apparently started multiple businesses and produced things of actual value; they're putting their privilege to good use instead of jumping into consultancy or investment banking. So it's a bit of a presumption to call them "rich assholes." They are definitely rich, and may be assholes, but we've got no evidence of the latter. It's not like Facebook made a bunch of money and then they jumped on it for a shakedown; from the moment it started, they've been upset for a perceived breach of legality (questionable) and a definite breach of ethics. Haven't followed it closely, but stock shenanigans on Facebook's part is apparently what they're upset at. My very vague impression is that it's like if someone gave you an envelope full of hundred dollar bills in exchange for something, but in actuality they were all twenties. Dunno if there's anything genuinely to that, but that's the argument. Work is different from producing value. Of course, it's easy to say that "well the fact that they get paid well is indicative of value-produced!" This is only true, however, within a particular cultural paradigm that we've constructed and is by no means universal or timeless. And, no, simply working long hours does not mean that investment banking or consulting are somehow not lucky. The fact that as a revealed preference privileged people often choose to work in those fields over others points to it being a pretty good play for them. People aren't allowed to do whatever they want. Unless the person is a corporation. In which case it becomes a cost-benefit analysis. Not a particularly useful exercise. Imagine 100 years from now we've maintained the same debt level. This graph will show just as much information (big numbers are big!) as it does now, but the analytical value of it (if it exists now) will obviously be totally dissipated, as we'll be an order of magnitude richer. A better comparison would be to take a single person, and put the per capita amount of debt in $100 bills next to them. If you want to get really histrionic, do it with a baby. Still, it won't come up past the ankles (around $15,000). This isn't a small amount, but at the same time it's not the end of the world. My college loans come out to that amount, and I barely notice paying them monthly. It's equivalent to having a mortgage-sized to around five times your annual income. An annual income that typically grows 2.5% a year and comes with a machine that prints out money whenever you need it. Edit: typo in Google search, it's more like $50k than $15k. So a bit worse than that analysis would suggest. Yeah, left off the tens (of trillions) digit when I calculated it. "Even the Soviet Union" is a bit misleading, though I understand where you're coming from. The USSR banned lobotomies in 1950, while in the USA it was banned... never (though some states individually did). In fact the USSR was the first major country to ban lobotomies. Lobotomies legally happen even today in the USA, though there's no longer the epidemic of wanton misuse. I just say this because it's easy to get into the rut where anything the Soviet Union did was bad and everything the USA did was good. There's no reason per se to expect Soviet doctors to be particularly evil compared to American ones. Which isn't to justify the many many evil things the Soviet state did perpetrate. "When confronted by observations that cast doubt on the validity of their theories, astrophysicists have circled their wagons and conjured up pseudo-scientific invisible entities such as neutron stars, weakly interacting massive particles, strange energy, and black holes. When confronted by solid evidence such as Halton Arp's photographs that contradict the Big Bang Theory, their response is to refuse him access to any major telescope in the U.S." Uh huh. No, it makes perfect sense. She's black, and she faced an all-white jury. This is in suburban Atlanta. This is where "jury of your peers" can be pretty useful. Apparently none of the jurors had ever ridden in a bus before. I really also want to put the city planner up for trial, because the reason she jay walked was that the nearest legal crosswalk was half a mile away from the bus stop. In suburban Atlanta, however, I've never seen any evidence that city planners even exist. The issue with the devil's advocate position is this. There's no such thing as an "ethnic" European. Race is a very recent sociopolitical construct, born in the 16th/17th centuries and initially used to justify English supremacy over the Irish and only later picking up connotations of skin color. The genetic differences between a Scotsman and a Spaniard are far larger than those separating a Greek and a Turk. Pre-modern European tribes did not place an emphasis on race; it didn't exist yet. Nor did they care about protecting the nation or their national heritage, as the concept of nation itself took centuries to form millenia later and only started playing a major geopolitical role with the French revolution. This isn't to say the tribesmen were multiculturalists; they had their own cultures and were often wary of outsiders, but mostly for reasons of self defense. But the supposed desire for genetic homogeneity didn't prevent Scandinavians from raiding the French and British coasts, abducting women, and forcibly mating with them, despite their cultural and genetic differences. It's pretty funny to be told you're white. It is fair to point out that it's wrong to claim race doesn't exist. It does. But it's just as wrong to say that it's somehow immutable or a scientific concept (though, as pointed out above, human genetic clustering is a real phenomenon). I'd be curious to see some real numbers on this. How much is this costing Google directly? How much does the offensive damage Facebook in the pocketbook? Unless there's a genuinely huge advantage at play, I think this is a bad move by Google. They're supposed to be the good guy against Facebook, and they're just pissing that competitive edge away. Remember that government is the monopoly of the application of force. When you have a competitive market in force... As I was reading the article, it became clearer and clearer that it had increasingly serious issues. I got to thinking to myself, "Please, whoever wrote this paper, please don't be physicists stepping outside their domain and making the rest of us in physics look like fools." Then I saw. Physica Review E. =( For a different point of view on the legitimacy of tactics like sit-ins, please check out http://goo.gl/5JuJn There's a misunderstanding here. I wasn't saying that those tactics are justified because Martin Luther King wrote a justification of them. I'm saying Martin Luther King wrote a justification of them, and a damn good one. The point is not the reference but what the reference points to. A key paragraph: "You may well ask: "Why direct action? Why sit ins, marches and so forth? Isn't negotiation a better path?" You are quite right in calling for negotiation. Indeed, this is the very purpose of direct action. Nonviolent direct action seeks to create such a crisis and foster such a tension that a community which has constantly refused to negotiate is forced to confront the issue. It seeks so to dramatize the issue that it can no longer be ignored. My citing the creation of tension as part of the work of the nonviolent resister may sound rather shocking. But I must confess that I am not afraid of the word "tension." I have earnestly opposed violent tension, but there is a type of constructive, nonviolent tension which is necessary for growth. Just as Socrates felt that it was necessary to create a tension in the mind so that individuals could rise from the bondage of myths and half truths to the unfettered realm of creative analysis and objective appraisal, so must we see the need for nonviolent gadflies to create the kind of tension in society that will help men rise from the dark depths of prejudice and racism to the majestic heights of understanding and brotherhood. The purpose of our direct action program is to create a situation so crisis packed that it will inevitably open the door to negotiation. I therefore concur with you in your call for negotiation. Too long has our beloved Southland been bogged down in a tragic effort to live in monologue rather than dialogue." The point of nonviolent activism isn't to harm someone else or their economic well-being (though the latter is often a side effect). It's to force a rupture or break in the institutions of a community to resolve what King calls an underlying tension in that community. By forcing people in power to use violence against nonviolence, it disrupts the ruling ideology by pointing out its hypocrisy and forcing action by threatening the breakdown of the social order predicated on that ideology. Of course, a neo-Nazi may well try a sit down, but that's likely to be ineffective as it's not exploiting any inherent tension and isn't going to cause any huge community squabbles that have the potential to degenerate into violence. As to why it's okay to threaten the social order... well, in effect because laws and order exist to establish justice, and we are compelled by moral law to oppose unjust laws. Which is, you might say, just saying we should do this because this is right. Perhaps. But it's a difficult proposition to say every action can be be considered individually and judged without moral context. Occupied Resistance in WW2 fought the Nazis and broke many laws (including not just vandalism but murder). A slave in pre-Civil War America who ran away, and anyone who helped that slave run away, was breaking many federal and state laws, as well as seriously disrupting the economy and commerce. Those were unjust situations, though, and so it was right. The point of that article was more that this had hit CNN than any new information about the event itself. Pretty meta, but not unreasonable. So simple! Hugely, massively ignorant. For one, much of the funding for roads comes from taxing gas, which truckers pay proportionately for. Beyond that, have you ever bothered to notice those little areas on the side of highways called weigh stations? You know, the ones where you don't have to stop? Yeah. If anything, the subsidy runs from truckers to casual drivers, not the other way around. I'm sorry, but the ignorance expressed in this thread by some is absolutely astounding. Per mile, truckers drive far more safely than the typical driver. Just to put things in immediate perspective. Beyond that, though, some people here are spending a whole lot more time blaming the drivers for the inevitable lapses in safety that occur when you're driving thousands of miles a week. Of course, it's definitely more comfortable to do that than consider the systemic reasons that happens, and your own role in it. Goods have to be transported. The almighty market demands that. Which is to say, you demand it. So various companies have sprung up for centuries to transport those goods. These companies compete to lower costs as much as possible. If they don't, they're driven out of business, because stores know consumers prefer something to be a nickel cheaper even if it's bad for the environment, the truckers, and other nearby drivers. If a price is higher, companies choose to go with the trucking company that offers the cheaper price, because consumers like their nickel. The way we've set up the system incorporates the public safety dangers into the price, via lawsuits etc., and the way we like it is to essentially demand that companies force drivers to drive the hell out of their trucks and their lives. We like our fucking nickels. At least more than any safety concerns. Some here have said "well if the job is hard, then quit it!" Wow. Do you think people don't do this? Do you think that changes the market equilibrium at all? It doesn't. Whoever replaces him or her will drive under the same demands and incentives, and will on average respond the same way to those demands and incentives. No benefit. I've seen also some victim blaming in saying "well if the job is hard, ask for a raise or get a union!" Interesting story there. Back in the mid-20th century, trucking was one of the most heavily unionized industries, via the IBT primarily. However, in the 80s and 90s, various Republican and Democratic administrations collaborated with trucking companies to make war on the unions. Originally truckers were employed directly by the companies, but eventually those companies realized they could react to unionization by outsourcing truckers, either into private shell companies that closed down as soon as unionization hit or by hiring truckers as contractors. Various NLRB boards aided and abetted this regulatory change. The ruling elite (of which we are all part) largely cheered this on, because those greedy truckers are stupid and uneducated and don't deserve to make as much as us hardworking educated intelligent people, masters of the universe that we are. So, we got our way! And our nickel. Drivers ended up atomized and could not collectively bargain against the buyers of their labor, decently-sized companies who had monopsony power in the trucker marketplace. So everyone ends up driven to the least common denominator. If you want a better system, fight for it. Moreover, vote for it. Otherwise when some trucker nearly drives you off the road because they have to feed their family, you're just getting what you paid for. Actually, splitting the heavy trucks into smaller trucks would be better, paradoxically. Wear and tear on the road increases exponentially with vehicle weight. Weigh stations account for this by increasing the cost per pound for larger weight classes of truck. The reason it doesn't happen is because then you've got to pay additional drivers, which outweighs the cost savings from avoiding the additional road use taxes. It's not so much the proverbial nickel that I'm angry about. Customers can't really be expected to know all the nitty-gritty details of how the good was produced and transported. The much more relevant issue is people voting for systems that make the nickel the rule of the day. And in all fairness many of them are voting on other issues or are misled about the issues by the mainstream media. Or maybe families are just too busy and overworked and lack social support for childcare to have a chance to critically consider the system. In the end most people aren't bad, they're just people trying to survive as best they can. So perhaps the anger is misplaced. But without anger you only have despair, and at least with anger you get heard. According to you, we are paying a low price for goods to be safely transported. What's the problem? The point is that we're willing to put truckers through harsher and tougher conditions in exchange for cheaper goods. The tradeoff is less safety. It'd be perfectly possible for a company to have truckers drive max 8 hours a day, with 2 hour stretches of driving separated by 15 minutes of rest time. This would be safer for the trucker and for other drivers, but a company that did this would simply be unprofitable unless other companies were, one way or another, mandated to do the same. If that were true, I'd have a very easy time hiring programmers and artists. Or are the laws of economics somehow different for truckers than for programmers? This is a slightly muddled understanding of economics. You're acting like the reason things suck now is that the labor market for trucker labor isn't in equilibrium. The issue is that it is, almost by definition. The reason truckers drive at a different level of safety now than in other possible realities is because that's how the market is. To change that you'd have to change the current regulatory regime. Descriptively speaking, the structure of the labor market in trucking is different than that for programmers. Markets can empirically differ, you know. Engineers have specialized skills and multiple purchasers for their labor. Indeed, in lots of ways an engineer has some level of monopoly power over her employer, due to the non-fungibility of her labor and the search costs. The same is not true for truckers. They don't have specialized skill sets, and their labor is demanded by only a few large firms at most. Search costs are almost nonexistent. This gives employers significant power over them in the labor market. Oh, couldn't agree more. Different countries have different issues--my largely uninformed take on Argentina is that its biggest hurdles to development are shady bureaucracy and corruption. In the US I'd identify it as the domination of labor by capital. In my perfect world, power would be distributed diffusely, so that no person or institution would be able to effectively coerce another. According to you, truckers are already safer than non-truckers. Isn't that safe enough? Depends on the marginal cost of saving a life by increasing safety standards. Typically if it's $5 to $10 million/life or less, I'm in favor of it, which is typical for policy decisions in the States. And if truckers begin to quit, the equilibrium will shift. Do you have any evidence that it will not? I feel like we're talking past one another. Yes, drivers could quit en masse, which would change prices. But they don't, which is a revealed preference--they prefer driving unsafely and feeding their families to not driving and not feeding their families. The current equilibrium is the reality; what you're looking for is an exogenous shock, while a single person entering or leaving the market is endogenous. According to a quick google search, there are about 500,000 trucking companies, 96% of which operate 28 or fewer trucks and 82% of which operate 6 or fewer trucks. From that same site: "It is an estimated over 3.5 million truck drivers in the U.S. Of that one in nine are independent, a majority of which are owner operators." Just under 400,000 of those 500,000 companies are single truckers who are contractors. Sheer number of companies isn't a good measure of competitiveness. You've got to look at the full set of and characteristics of employers in a given region. Check out, for instance, Boise, Idaho. http://www.quicktransportsolutions.com/carrier/idaho/boise.p... It has many companies, but if you look at the distribution of number of trucks operated, there's a very long tail. The median number of trucks operated is 1, but you see a couple that are > 100. Just like you might have hundreds of OSes but an effective monopoly by Microsoft, you've got to look at the actual share of the marketplace. As you note, the search and switching costs are also lower, which makes the market for truckers closer to an ideal free market than the market for programmers. So why do you believe prices will not respond to a shift in the supply curve for truckers? It is closer to an efficient market than that for programmers, notwithstanding the caveats I mentioned above. So, yes, prices will respond in a shift in the supply curve for truckers. But you are under the impression that a single person entering or leaving the market shifts the supply curve. That choice is an endogenous in the model--people choose to join or leave the market based on the prevailing price--whereas a shift in the supply curve is exogenous (e.g. related to automation, increased education, mass slaughter of truckers, whatever). The last general strike that Teamsters were involved with was 1934. That's a long time for the companies to react. Yes, but they don't require the same answer. It's certainly possible that, when condoms are made widely available in a region, this will result in more people having sex. Likely, even. The Vatican's position is that this increase in people having sex outweighs the lower average chance of transmission. This is empirically false. But it needn't be inherently. Suppose you offered people some other form of protection that decreased the chance of transmission of HIV by 90%, and for some reason in response to this people widely abandoned the use of the condom. This would increase the overall prevalence of HIV by a wide margin. Take a model where this device decreases the chance of transmission of HIV by 0%, while making some decent sized chunk of people more likely to have unprotected sex because of a false sense of security.* In that case, passing this out at night clubs would likely significant increase HIV's prevalence. I see a definite use for it, but more in the way of buying a 4 pack every year and not having to go to a clinic. *I think this model is likely correct, given what we know about the epidemiology of HIV. Very interesting. Are you suggesting horses play the part of Tyler Cowen's Zero Marginal Product workers in the Industrial Revolution? http://marginalrevolution.com/marginalrevolution/2010/07/zer... Also, if you remember where you saw that point specifically, I'd love to read it. If you read S&P's actual paper, it focuses on political dysfunction, not economic. For instance, they said that if the Bush tax cuts for people making 250k/year were allowed to expire, then they would have allowed the USA to retain its AAA rating, but the American political system seems incapable of making the necessary revenue adjustments to attain fiscal consolidation. Of course, S&P is really just a bunch of corrupt idiots, so either way you shouldn't pay much attention to them. The downgrade didn't cause this. At least, you need a rather complicated model to explain how it did. Interest rates fell on US Treasury bonds; this means investors think they're the safest instrument to invest in. Today we saw equities crumble, not bonds. I would guess it's mostly the evolving European situation that's throwing us headlong into the abyss, with a hefty serving of realizing the USA is run by clowns who are utterly incapable of addressing any important problems. Note that this is beyond simple "politicians are teh stupid," which applies in any country, but in the USA particularly. Europe's facing serious problems, but that's because they're burdened with very tough choices as a result of badly thought out institutions from the 1990s. The USA faces very easy choices, but we're facing serious problems because... well, we want to? Because we have a dysfunctional government? Who knows. Regardless, it's an unforced error. Take everything Stephen Moore says with a giant grain of salt. He has some, er, very hackish tendencies, especially when veering away from research and trying to give a pretty finish to right wing policies on the WSJ op-ed page. it's a spending-more-than-we-have-revenue problem Which can be fixed either by increasing revenue or decreasing spending. Raising taxes increases revenue. Pair Clinton-era tax rates with some very modest reforms to Social Security and some much more significant ones to Medicare, and we'd honestly be sitting pretty well. And even if we did nothing, even now the biggest economic issue by far is jobs, not projected deficits in 2040. Edited: upvoted you, because I can't conceive of why others should have downvoted you... Your model itself is a significant assumption, though. Consider the Clinton tax hikes combined with some moderate restrictions on growth in spending as a counterexample: they ultimately led to the closest thing to a budget surplus we've had in our lifetimes, ignoring details like whether we technically were in surplus or not. It is fair to ask whether that's sustainable, as in the 2000s we saw our politicians take those projected surpluses and spend them on tax subsidies for the well-off. Which, indeed, is just what that model predicts. But that just speaks to the need to elect better politicians and create better institutions to act as an endogenous curb on unjustified spending. Your argument is overdetermined. If that were the case--if there are no underlying causes except evil people burning things for the lulz--then why now? Why isn't it a constant presence in every society that has evil people? Indeed, why hasn't it been a constant presence in England until a few days ago? Going further, if it's only happening in England now because people have become evil, why did they become evil at this particular point in time? Wow, what'd they do to the slide rule? Well, climate change is damaging to humanity, and if we can do something to prevent climate change that is less damaging to humanity, we should do it. Regardless of whether it's solar or anthropogenic. To be clear, though, it's very certain nowadays that much of the observed climate change is due to humans, primarily through emissions of greenhouse gases. As far as incalculable trillions: really? For one, monetary figures don't really cover it. A Bengali life is economically worth a couple tens of thousands at most, while an American one is worth millions. Their well being isn't captured by purely economic measures. That doesn't mean we should trade hundreds of Bengalis to save one American. There's also the libertarian point of view that, no matter how many SUVs an American might want, that doesn't give him a right to destroy a Bengali's home without his or her consent. It's easy to hypothesize maybe some alternative policy response that involves a massive Marshall plan to... well, all the world. Do you think that's even vaguely plausible, though? I can't speak to European politics, but within America the chance of that ever happening is zero. Nada. Nil. No one wants to pay taxes even for their own schools and roads, let alone handouts, let alone foreign aid . Why is it that most people who are concerned about the effects of climate change and invested in dealing with it think that pushing for more prevention is the best use of their efforts, not mitigation? I assume you wouldn't say they're all stupid. Lastly, it's extremely controversial to suggest that the costs of prevention outweigh either (a) the costs of climate change itself or (b) the costs of mitigation. Unlikely, even--many places that use far less energy per capita than we do are hardly anti-technological dystopias. Thing is, even if the HIV were as deadly as regular HIV, it'd likely give them a longer lifespan than they'd have without it. Of course, it'd create that risk. You can expect to live for a decade or two at more or less your current lifestyle until near the very end, while with aggressive forms of cancer we're talking more about months of extreme pain and suffering. If you (a) use protection and (b) are taking medicine as prescribed, however, even the risk of infecting someone else isn't that high. Your viral load remains very low; I remember a study in Switzerland that suggested that two HIV-discordant monogamous partners engaging in anal sex aren't at significant risk of seroconversion even without a condom, if the HIV-positive partner uses his drugs at prescribed and there aren't compounding factors like STDs. Which isn't to say it's a good idea. It's definitely a trade I'd make in a second, though. Then again, I've seen people waste away from leukemia and not from AIDS, so my perspective is admittedly skewed. Edited to add: that study is most definitely not a license to have unprotected sex with someone who has HIV. Just to be clear. One of the most exciting things that has happened to me recently was finding a brand new copy of this in a used bookstore (real version, not EE) for $8. No marks, no anything. (And my life is full of excitement, trust me!) Great book, one of the must-reads. Though I'll admit I've only gotten like a third of the way through it... Well, the code base is really kludgy and pretty much indecipherable. Just a pile of Mesozoic-era spaghetti code and Webforms. I wonder how much kvetching could have been avoided simply by making Vim open up in insert mode. W4S has a pretty big agenda, though, and it's main point comes off as "it's the unions' fault!" They fail to mention unionization rates in Finnish schools, though. There's also convergent evolution. Why should there be a patent for, say, swiping a phone to unlock it, or having a context-dependent touch keyboard? Even if they are actually innovative (which I'd argue aren't, but whatevs), if you've got a good design team, even if other teams copy you after you release, you still have half a year on them where your design team is pounding away on the next greatest thing. If If I got a patent on using color screens on mobile communication devices back in the 90s, should I be able to sue Samsung and Apple off the market unless they go to monochrome or pay me a bajillion dollars? Also, Google and Apple have been doing this back and forth? Really? Cite, please. Yeah, definitely not junky. X220, replacing the stock HDD with a SDD. Clean install of Arch. Points to note: when it first came out, I had to come up with a patch of tp smapi to get it to work. Not sure if that's still the case. You'll get inferior battery life in Linux, even worse than in Windows 7. I'm typically getting 5-6 hours on wireless doing not particularly intense stuff. Also some oddities with the special ThinkPad keys that's simply a matter of not caring enough to fix. Touchpad a bit funky. It's a solid alternative, though I think I mostly chose it for a superior GUI, not the system itself. In the abstract, obviously any bit of knowledge is worth having. For assembly, I'd even bet the value you get from learning it outweighs the effort you put in. The relevant question, though, is it at the margins the best use of your time? Having a solid grasp of the Wikipedia-level knowledge of assembly is very valuable, but beyond that I'd be skeptical. Sure, you could learn it--but you could also learn about other topics, like writing a compiler, the theory of operating systems, understanding the layers of the TCP/IP stack, or working in a purely functional language like Haskell. All or any of those might be a better use of your time. So might learning to salsa, building social capital by hanging out with friends, or learning to bake bread. So, maybe? But only if you're very curious about it (a good thing!) and have also knocked off other relatively more valuable and lower hanging fruit. Of course, I've not taken the time to learn it, so it's quite likely there are some hidden benefits I've not managed to grok. The target language doesn't have to be assembly or machine code. Plus, that's just one of several steps, and not necessarily the most interesting. The website of the project generating these results: http://www.erialproject.org/ The main takeaway should be "students have a hard time finding good sources because researchers hide their articles behind layers of unintuitive interfaces that finally bring you to a broken link." Ah, here it is: http://www.erialproject.org/wp-content/uploads/2011/04/ACRL-... Ish. PP presentation with no data. Unfortunately, last I heard was that the Mirasol project had in some way been cancelled, though the technology is still actively being improved. It'll be awhile before we get Mirasol =( Discussion when news first broke: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2955087 New information: San Francisco Police Department spokesman Lt. Troy Dangerfield now tells SF Weekly that "three or four" SFPD officers accompanied two Apple security officials in an unusual search of a Bernal Heights man's home. ...plainclothes SFPD officers went with private Apple detectives to the home of Sergio Calderón, a 22-year-old resident of Bernal Heights. According to Dangerfield, the officers "did not go inside the house," but stood outside while the Apple employees scoured Calderón's home, car, and computer files for any trace of the lost iPhone 5. Group of people show up in plainsclothes. One knocks on your door and identifies himself as a police officer and alludes threateningly to your family's immigration status. Two of the others ask if they can enter your house. You agree to it (and they find nothing). Everything in that series of events is incredibly sketchy and falls under the heading "if it isn't illegal, it should be." And if you go by the spirit of the law, the Apple employees should definitely be charged for impersonating police officers, given this narrative of events. Note that it would still be incredibly goonish even if (a) they made sure the dude understood they were Apple employees and not police officers or (b) everyone involved actually is a police officer. Pure nastiness on the part of Apple and the SFPD. The teacher-student-parent relationship isn't adversarial. When you say that parents should advocate for the side of the child, you make it seem like it's a sports game or trial. It isn't. Imagine you take your child to the doctor, and the doctor says that your child drinking several milkshakes a day is bad for his health and leading him to obesity. If the parent went on and on making excuses for him--"Billy gets stressed out by school and needs milkshakes to unwind!" we would rightfully mock the parent. But when teachers give feedback about how they've observed Billy picking on other kids, parents require proof that their special snowflake would ever do such a terrible thing and, when proven, start looking for reasons that the other kid brought it on himself. Everyone's on the same side, here. And to be fair, though doctors and teachers are both professionals, the higher status and respect given to doctors is in many ways earned through very hard work. But teachers are professionals too, not ex-convict nanny babysitters who are out to get your kid, and their suggestions and criticisms deserve serious consideration. It's definitely pretty thin-skinned for the teacher to get upset over that. The reason that the teacher sees that repeatedly is that its an effective technique. It establishes a level of trust between the child and parent--the parent is willing to hear out the kid. And it immediately puts the kid in a tough position unless s/he fesses up to the misdeed. Getting buy-in from the child about the legitimacy of what's happening is very useful when trying to figure out how to deal with it. Of course, implicitly by asking for the kid's word that this happened the parent is opening up the possibility that the teacher is lying. But it's necessary, and even if the kid rejected it I'm sure most parents would almost certainly still believe the teacher's narrative. It's just a pro-forma verbal tactic to get appropriate buy-in from the child. I'm not surprised that a teacher would superficially feel a bit miffed by that, but they should understand and (however grudgingly) accept the reasons its helpful. One thing I really like as a developer is that I have the ability to work part-time and from home if I choose to. If I ever have children, I'll definitely do this so I can home school my kid. Public education is efficient at what it does, but not optimal compared to an alternative world that allows all children to have a specially tailored and flexible curriculum. Ain't no such thing. Javascript programs can be relatively pure now, and even Haskell isn't truly "pure." The first graph is the most interesting. Productivity has increased substantially while wages have remained relatively stagnant. More of the surplus value of labor has been accumulating to capital. This means that people who get their income primarily from labor have lost a great deal of power vis a vis those whose income comes disproportionately from ownership of capital. Questions and some guesses: 1) Why is this? If labor can extract less value, that would suggest that it has less bargaining power. That is, labor is more fungible. This fits in with what we experience as developers: one of the great emphases that (successful) companies place is on making developers replaceable and their labor roughly equivalent, through an increased emphasis on frameworks and general languages. It also makes sense for less professionalized labor. Heavy industry requires skills to operate effectively and runs the risk of shutdowns at centralized production facilities, while services and light industry are much easier workplaces to dominate workers. 2)How do the unemployed and underemployed fit in? This is complicated, as women have entered to workforce to make two-income households, while zero-marginal product men have left it as they cannot be employed profitably. 3) Was the threat of communism an enabling force for the middle and working classes in the "good times" leading up to the 80s when it finally started to crack and fall? Before the ruling class in the United States had to optimize the economy to be as effective as possible against the threat of Communism. This meant sacrificing some of its own well-being to buy off the rest of our consent for the ability to play a major role in geopolitics ( this buy off taking the form of concessions to unions, more forceful labor market interventions, healthcare, investments in public education). 4) Could the increasing inequality somehow be a statistical artifact? Smaller countries tend to be more egalitarian than richer ones. Most individual countries in the EU and states in the USA have a lower Gini coefficient than the EU or USA as a whole. Could a similar mechanism cause a larger and more sophisticated economy to feel pressures to become more unequal? Its tricky to simply blame it on USA policies, as most Western countries have also become significantly less egalitarian than they were in 1970. Which isn't to say that US policies didn't cause it in the USA; it's just that those policies didn't appear in a vacuum, and you've got to identify the forces that caused it around the world. I don't buy pg's argument, but I don't find it implausible at all that an economy dominated by a few large employers will tend to have more similar compensations for the same job class than one of many small companies. If you did a survey of developer compensations in Silicon Valley, do you think (a) developers who work in corporations with over 500 or (b) developers who work in companies with under 50 would have more egalitarian compensations? My intuition suggests the former, in line with pg. I'd love to see actual evidence of this, though. My disagreement with PG would come with whether that's the primary driver of inequality. For that, I'd argue it's the increasing power of generic capital over generic labor, instead of competition between specific types or quality of labor. Per worker, not by hour worked, where I believe I've seen [citation needed] at least the French and likely others have us beat. At least the top graph about productivity refers to "overall compensation." I don't have a chance to find the original source for the numbers, but unless the graph has been grossly mislabeled, benefits are probably included. The point isn't that it's impossible to happen. The point is that Sony is disclaiming responsibility for anything it does wrong. It's like saying, "Well, I'll work as an engineer for you, but I refuse to be held responsible if the bridge collapses." Even the nuttiest libertarian could find reasons to pass laws forbidding that kind of contract. And even if it's legal, I wouldn't drive on that bridge. (Or would I? If everyone does it and it looks safe enough...) This is even worse when I think about it. It's more like buying a plane ticket, being in the airport, and suddenly the pilot goes "I am not legally liable if I crash the plane while I'm drinking on the flight." Some of the comments here are along the lines of "Well, they should go get a better job!" Hint, folks: not everyone can get a professional job paying six figures a year. And even if they could, the moment they did, your own wages would drop substantially. Have some sympathy. Establishing sympathy is a good first step, otherwise you end up discussing with people whether there's anything to be concerned about =) The thing is, we'll always need warehouse workers in one form or another. One form draws from the relatively less formally educated and puts them to work; if we go that route, it's morally imperative that we do our best to make sure they work in a workplace with dignity and a voice. Education of any particular worker won't help that, as s/he'll just be replaced by another. The other form, of course, is to move from human to machine labor. In the long term this is the best route. (The question is then, though, what of the people who are deskilled and unemployable?) It appears he's teaching a course at Stanford on Haskell starting next week, MW later in the afternoons. Taking a class just to learn a language is a bit dodgy, but Haskell is probably a forgivable exception. "Sheeps" is a bit shrill, but yeah, the double standard used on China and Iran in reporting from FreedomLand(tm) is a bit rich. I expect this hypocrisy will eventually be dropped. Though people expecting the better of the two standards to win out are... rather optimistic. tl;dr: "And, so I raised my money through credit card arbitrage: $22k across 14 different cards. So, yeah. That's about it... For me, it worked out both terribly and perfectly. The terribly part is that our startup failed, and I never paid myself enough to pay the cards back. At the end of Openvote, I was saddled with all this credit card debt, plus opportunity cost loss from no salary, plus no job. It was a tough time." It's a lesson in what not to do, as the author acknowledges. Though he seems sanguine enough and has got back up on his feet. Then again, I think there are easier ways to learn it's not a good idea to rack up five figures of credit card debt on top of existing debt and no savings... but whatevs. This. Imagine a piece of educational software set up like this--something where the child draws objects but has to use reasoning about what would be most appropriate. Maybe have multiple modules of 15 minutes apiece. Everyone can be Green Lantern! Well, the least you can say is she won't be as bad as Carly. Wait, there's more to hacking than funding and getting acquired? What corresponds to interactions that aren't decomposable as pairwise interactions? Race conditions? Resource utilization? Real bugs (and the nastier ones), but probably a minority. So factorial with a relatively small constant in front of it. But obviously the real answer is to write a program that will correctly verify all other programs. This is inaccurate, or misleading at best. "It has nothing on the recessions of the past" is only true if you're looking at the pre-WW2 period. Compared to recessions since then, this is the most severe and long-lasting. There has been no recession since the Great Depression where unemployment has stayed as high as it is for so long. Economists spoke of a Great Moderation that had occurred thanks to their ideological theorizing, but that is just an unfunny punchline to a joke now. Even the rulers of the world sometimes need to cut costs... Depending on your budget, Allen Edmonds. You can sometimes get lucky and pick up a nice pair for cheap at Nordstrom Rack. This is both scientifically inaccurate and potentially murderous. Rejecting science when it comes to things like evolution is an annoying tic, but whatever. What you're saying, though, is a stance that's literally killing millions of people in Africa. Before you say these things lightly, think about it for a few minutes. Ask anyone who has HIV whether they'd trade it for herpes. Herbert Hoover is a bit more complicated than even your more nuanced take on him. He did come to a somewhat activist government in the second half of his term. Of course, his real but somewhat muted response to the Great Depression led FDR to attack him. But from the Right, using populist rhetoric about government debt and wasteful bureaucrats. Hoover wasn't evil as you point out, but nor was he an ideologue who refused to choose the best policy because of prior beliefs. Believing that story line makes us blind to learning from his failings to better ourselves. To wit, his great vice wasn't lack of compassion or intellectual arrogance; it was simply a... lack of boldness. On one hand, I really hate the Economist. It's a magazine that thinks an ideology, a smart tone, and providing the only decent coverage of world events widely available makes for a compelling magazine. Even if that coverage is ridiculously biased and not really knowledgeable about facts on the ground. On the other, it's perhaps the pre-eminent mouthpiece for the ruling Anglo-American elite, and it's comforting that they're sounding the alarms to what's happening. I think it's too little too late, but I genuinely hope that people and policymakers hear them. Because this is really bad, folks. Really, really bad. It's pretty clear the dominoes that will fall: Greece fails, setting off markets and destroying banks across the continent, causing Spain to fail, doing the same, causing Italy, Belgium, maybe even France to fail. Who knows what after that. The EU's demise will signal the financial collapse of an economy larger than the United States; it's already either at the brink or already in a new recession, and this will be the deathblow. The quick succession of collapses, happening all within the span of a month or two, reverberate throughout the entire world, throwing the USA back into a second, possibly harsher recession than the first we have yet to recover from. The only other solution is converting the European Union into a fiscal union. On the face of it this is implausible: you'd be asking Germans, who in their self imagination see themselves as pure as snow, to pony up hundreds of billions of dollars to subsidize what they see as the lavish lifestyles of lazy unproductive Mediterranean types. Even if you could form some political consensus to do this, though, it's not even clear that politicians could coordinate the solution in time to cut off the collapse. Effectively consolidating dozens of countries into the same fiscal union isn't a change you can implement by sheer willpower; it'd be a herculean task even with years of preparation. And, stateside, any attempt to counteract or prepare for this tidal wave is simply doomed because of our ridiculously broken institutions. One side has the ability to co-operate and try to fix the situation, but because of how our government is set up all the incentives on their side are to actively sabotage the economy--regardless of causes, if it does badly, the party of the current President will be blamed. Because people (Americans, Germans, Greeks, Chinese) are all idiots, from the man on the street to the upper echelons of power. You're probably right in a sense; it's unlikely the SS came in and told him to change what he was doing or die. Or that the person in the army who approached him made any threats on his life. At the same time, when a representative of an arbitrary, totalitarian government dedicated to the eradication of your genes comes a knocking, any requests from them have to be read as essentially forced. It's meaningless to say it's structural versus cyclical here, unless you're willing to offer proportions. This is a complicated econometric problem, but one obvious telltale sign that structural employment can't explain everything is that virtually every major sector of the economy has shed jobs. If it were entirely structural, you would expect certain sectors to be rapidly accumulating jobs, which we just don't see. Note that Groupon clones will never comprise a major sector of the economy. God willing. Except adequate healthcare, housing, living in good school districts... It's cheaper to have a mobile phone nowadays than it is to have a land line. That's why mobile has really taken off in places like, say, Africa. Just because someone has a cell phone doesn't mean they're not struggling. Given a choice between living as a corporate CEO (or even upper middle class professional) in the 1950s versus part of the welfare underclass today, I would almost certainly choose the former. Even sans cell phones. You are deeply misinformed about labor legislation. The employer can and does interfere regularly with labor attempts to organize. Tens of millions of dollars are spent every year by businesses hiring labor consultants known affectionately as "union busters" who spend their time and efforts intimidating employees. Talking to a union organizer can and does get you fired. Particularly workers who are passionate supporters of unionization. Even the laws that do exist are rarely enforced, and even when they are the penalties are minimal. Employers figure it's cheaper to pay a couple thousand dollars in fines after they've won an election than it is to not break the law and lose it. Labor regulation is massively skewed toward the employer compared to any other developed country. Unless you think that any labor regulation at all is an encroachment on the employers' rights. Full disclosure: I've spent some time labor organizing and have been physically assaulted by management for talking to employees in the parking lot, so I'm a bit biased. The question is of enforcement and incentives. Ask people who are involved in this issue, one way or another. Employer, worker, or organizer in France versus the USA. No matter their ideology, they will agree that management has far more freedom of action and employees have far less protections in the USA. In terms of ease of living and freedom from worry or want, relative social status trumps absolute wealth once you've passed a certain base level of well-being. Which I think the 1950's falls into. I'm having trouble finding hard health data. The closest thing is that in 1972, life expectancy for the bottom half was 77.7 and for the upper half 78.9, while in 2001 79.6 years for the bottom half and 85.4(!) for the top half. Which amounts to about the same for the top half in 1972 and bottom half in 2001. The top half life expectancy would be lower in the 1950s than the 1970s, but at the same time today's welfare underclass is probably significantly worse off than the average person in the lower half. I expect those would end up being a wash, and life expectancies would be comparable, though probably with a slight edge for the underclass of today. That's a trade that I think would be worth it, given all the exceptional benefits of relative wealth and status. Yeah, no iPhones, but drivers, maids, home-visiting doctors, nice single family homes in fun areas, economic security, and ability to eat out or go to shows whenever you want makes up for it for most people. I don't mean to valorize the 1950's generally, at all. Yeah, white privilege was encoded into law, but if you were a member of the ruling elite, that actually benefited you. The point about gender you make is well-taken. There are two separate issues: consumer goods and actual well being. I think you overestimate the difference in consumer goods between the ruling elite in the Fifties and the contemporary welfare underclass: the latter rarely, if ever, can take advantage of commercial air travel and have severely limited access to open-heart surgery. And barrier birth control and abortion were readily available (albeit significantly more expensive) to the rich in the 1950s, while in the modern day they (especially abortion) are somewhat difficult, though far from impossible, for the underclass to access. But quibbling over those details can make us ignore the more central point. Access to consumer goods is only part of the picture, because power is a very strong and often superior substitute good for most of them. Roombas are accessible to the middle class today, but they are inferior to an actual person cleaning the house for you, even with an antiquated vacuum cleaner from midcentury. The vast majority of the population can text each other now, but a well-off member of management could very easily have a secretary do the same through a messenger boy. The latter is slower, but in some ways easier: he (invariably a he) had at will access to an intelligence superior to the most advanced AI now, without the burden of having to hit tiny keys, save phone numbers, or remember to charge his phone. A member of the upper class in the 1950's did not have to worry about employment; about housing; about having interesting work; about getting fired for drinking on the job (hell, your company would pay for your booze and cigarettes); about worrying how to pay the bills the next month; about sending your kids to a school with regular shootings; about visiting the social worker to prove you had sent out pro-forma applications to jobs you're incapable of performing so you can get your welfare check. Some tradeoffs are less clear. The middle manager in 1955 had to worry about global thermonuclear war, but not about catastrophic climate change or poisoned soy sauce from China. We have hormonal birth control, but also HIV. All of us are members of the professional upper middle class, so we're certainly better off. But an unemployed single parent living on the bad side of Hunter's Point? If I were forced to choose, yeah, I'd definitely go with the rich straight white guy in the 1950s with massive social privileges. Even with fewer gadgets and less sophisticated technology. tldr: "Client side code is awesome with backbone.js and CoffeeScript! Come to our seminar!" Heh, is that that terrible? An article I'd love to see is something expounding on that analogy. One has to wonder what he might have accomplished with a full life span. What he managed to do, though, is genuinely incredible, and he has much to be proud of. He made the world more beautiful. RIP, Steve. Top 33, by my count. All the damn protestors' fault, eh? Here's a question: Why was unemployment so much lower five years ago than now? Did people just get really lazy? Every right wing asshole with a grievance against attacks on privilege is out there mocking these protests. Somehow they simultaneously deny that environmental pollution, restricted access to healthcare, and involuntary unemployment exist. But systemic issues do exist. Just like those workers who saw that housing was booming in 2004 and decided to join that industry, eh? Of course, tech bubbles never exist, so that's an imperfect analogy. You misread what the protest is about. It's not that the economy sucks. It's that institutions of power exist that are doing their damnedest to maintain their position of power. This has led to bad outcomes in this particular historical moment. The American Dream is that everyone should be able to get a full-time job and that if you're willing to work a full-time job, you'll be able to pay your bills. None of the bargain is that it will be interesting. None of the bargain is that it'll be glorified in media. But the bargain is that if you're looking for a job, there'll be one. And the job will be physically safe (unless extra-ordinarily compensated to make up for it), that you can get healthcare, and that you can go to sleep at night without wondering whether you'll be able to make rent the next month. It's the dissolution of that bargain and that Dream that's driving OWS. "In the end, that's all most Americans are asking for. It's not a lot. You don't expect government to solve all your problems. You want to be self-reliant and independent. You want to be responsible for your own lives and take care of your own families. But what you do expect is a government that isn't run by the special interests. What you do expect is that if you're willing to work hard, you should be able to find a job that pays a decent wage, that you shouldn't go bankrupt when you get sick, that you should be able to send your children to college even if you're not rich, and that you should be able to retire with dignity and security." -Barack Obama "Anyone who is honestly seeking a job and can't find it, deserves the attention of the United States government, and the people." -John F. Kennedy "In our day these economic truths have become accepted as self-evident. We have accepted, so to speak, a second Bill of Rights under which a new basis of security and prosperity can be established for all regardless of station, race, or creed. Among these are: The right to a useful and remunerative job in the industries or shops or farms or mines of the Nation; The right to earn enough to provide adequate food and clothing and recreation; . . ." -FDR While we're at it: "We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness." -TJ "If a man doesn't have a job or an income, he has neither life nor liberty nor the possibility for the pursuit of happiness. He merely exists." -MLK Jr. "We think it's benign, but we just don't know." Whoever this is is obviously so far out of the loop and technical domain that everything they say should be taken with a heaping pile of salt. I don't doubt that a virus exists, but the scope of it is likely wildly overblown. At least, there's no reason to actually think it's some military grade virus that is impossible to eradicate that intercepts all communications with the drones. True, it's a circle. But are the people who protest the current setup insane, or is it the people who think dumping trillions of dollars into a broken system while doing nothing amidst historic unemployment and stagnation who are nuts? I expect most responses here to be critical of the trend mentioned in the article. I see it as useful. Its utility is limited to tasks that are commensurate, however. This means you can't really apply it to creative work. It's difficult to compare a developer to another using the kind of simple metric that easily lends itself to gamification. Even if you use something as general as time, you'll fail, because the question is time to what? Unless you've got two people working on different implementations of the same feature, you'll still be measuring different things. (And if you do have two working on generating two independent implementations of the same exact feature, any gains from competitiveness will be more than offset by wasted time.) Other tasks, like data entry or content generation, do have easily comparable metrics, like rows per minute or clickthroughs. So it should be expected to work better there. Slightly different situation, as Steve Jobs had an extremely rare form of pancreatic cancer that is much less fatal than the common one, that he chose not to treat thereby making it fatal. Reprinting a comment from another page, particularly a comment full of abuse (politically correct piece of crap? clown?), inaccuracies, and conspiracist wonderings, is not really worthy of HN. I'll just point out the first glaring issue about the only fact that the comment even mentions: the "Little Ice Age," though somewhat ambiguously defined, is usually taken to mean the era from the mid sixteenth century to the nineteenth. For an older, non popsci article treating the topic, check out this one from 2006, "Evidence for the Postconquest Demographic Collapse of the Americas in Historical CO2 Levels": http://journals.ametsoc.org/doi/full/10.1175/EI157.1 There's actually some level of debate about whether the Little Ice Age even existed as a global event, as opposed to several coincidental regional climatic changes. So it's a bit messy (and if it didn't actually exist globally, it would suggest that the article is explaining something that never happened). I'm not sure of whether there's any scientific consensus on it, however. NASA does suggest the Little Ice Age started in 1550, though. I see what you did there. 10,000 free tickets, goal to increase tourism by having people spread word of mouth recommendations of how they didn't spontaneously generate an extra limb on touching Japanese soil. I wonder if this is the best use of funds. If they've figured out word of mouth is going to be an effective strategy, wouldn't 20,000 tickets at half price go further, even considering the extra good will that the second half off would generate? I know I'd go for the half-off just as quickly as for the free. Depends on your goals in life. $7,000 is definitely doable. But I don't want to live in an RV. Indeed, I want to live in a walkable neighborhood with groceries, low crime, and easily accessible entertainment. The site probably isn't a convincing case for a general audience. Which is a real pity, because a lifestyle of $10,000 to $12,000 a year is very doable, even for a single person, even in the Bay Area, even with regular outings and entertainment, and even with flushable toilets. I believe he does account for rent/mortgage, by doing an RV. And his idea is that he has handled retirement--he's living in retirement now. The catch is that he had six figures saved up beforehand (he lives off the investment income), which doubles as a rainy day fund in case of serious illness. Living "frugally" is so that I can bootstrap a startup. And I live within 5 blocks of an inner BART station. No desire to live in the burbs at all. Not arguing that it's a choice I'd make, just pointing out that he does include rent. It'd be interesting to see his breakdown of the other expenses you mention, though. At this point, investing capital in real estate and stock markets is a fool's errand. They're done. Maybe they're okay as a savings vehicle (maybe!), but you should not realistically expect to make more than 2-3% returns after accounting for inflation, fees, taxes, and time spent on them. And, no, you're not going to be able to consistently outperform people who specialize full time in those kinds of investments and who have access to insider information. The real trick is to invest in something you do have access to insider information about and that you do do full time: being yourself. Invest in human capital, aside from a financial baseline to diversify for when your human capital starts to rapidly depreciate. In some ways this is cheap. Reject certifications besides the most basic (a degree). Focus on getting an education instead. Buying a top of the line computer, high speed internet access, and books to learn from, for developers, is an almost negligible expense that will go a long way. And the most valuable way to learn--creating useful projects--can more than pay for themselves. In other ways this is expensive, though. Choosing to invest in a 401k* takes an hour or two of your life per year, while investing in yourself is at least one or two hours a day. This is very, very expensive if you're already spending 50 hours a week sitting at a computer pounding away at brain-deadening code. (On the other hand, if you can get paid while also increasing your human capital... you've hit gold. Stay there until you've stopped rapidly learning, and then jump to the next big thing.) Key point, though: there are multiple areas you have to invest in. Yes, a professional skill like coding is useful. But who knows what it'll be like in 5 or 10 years? Make sure to put time into your relationships, your physical health, your non-coding hobbies (drawing, banjo, typography, whatever). This diversification exposes you to more long-term investments: they help you maximize your luck surface area and will come in handy surprisingly frequently down the line. How do all these retire-at-30 articles fit in? They aim to maximize financial investments early on by under-investing in many categories of self-capital, hopefully catching a good bull market, and rapidly switching to building self capital at 30. The obvious flaw is the assumption of outsized returns--they're not going to be as big as hoped--but that can be dealt with by tinkering with the numbers a bit. The more fundamental issue is that it's not diversifying. It's risky. If you've saved up 500k by 30 by working long hours and frugally cutting coupons on your time off, that's nice, and if things work out right you might be fine. But suppose the defaulting of some government thousands of miles away sets off a chain reaction of bank failures that ends up massively contracting the economy you live in. There goes most of your savings. Yes, you might have invested in bonds, but you wouldn't have been pulling in those massive returns you were banking on to retire so early. And your job, having been funded by massive amounts of loose capital, suddenly disappears. Oh, you're farked, and you'll have to start nearly from scratch again after the economy recovers. Back to giving up your weekends to the whims of an MBA. (If anyone's willing to hire an expensive 35-year-old developer when there are all these recent college grads willing to work like dogs so they can retire at 30.) Or even simpler: you hand in your resignation on your 30th birthday, walk out the door, and are hit by a semi driven by some overworked and drugged up trucker. Wow, that sucks. At least all those hard-earned dollars will go to some charity or another. The ideal, I think, is to semi-retire as soon as you can, and work 15 to 20 hours a week at jobs you find interesting or fun. You get the best of both worlds and have diluted the amount of risk you face at any one time. *Controversial statement here: 401k's are the biggest scam alive today, you're not only freezing your capital but also betting on taxes being lower in the future than they are today. The beginning shot at "Ben Bernanke dollars" really turned me off, as inflation is at a historical nadir now (to the detriment of the country). Interesting article, though, if you can look past Forbes' political Tourette's. Doesn't the fact that my POV is apparently outnumbered 7:1 undermine the idea that everyone is a bear? =) Instead of subjective measures like what everyone feels, I prefer to focus on things like P/E and Case-Schiller ratios. Though they obviously have their limitations, they tend to suggest that the market is still overvalued relative historical norms. And I see no reason for our economy to prosper in the near- and medium-term. Don't buy it. If you cut out the top 1%, the income distribution doesn't look that dissimilar to how it did 40 years ago. Most gains have gone to that elite stratum. And engineers and doctors comprise only a very small proportion of that 1%. "[Engineers] have wages that are increasing on an inflation-adjusted basis if – and this is the key – they are any good at their job." This is technically true, but it's not the driving force behind what #OWS is protesting. The magnitude of that inflation-adjusted increase in wages is very small compared to the increase in wages and investment income of those who rely on ownership or proximity to capital instead of labor for their wealth. The actual driver of increasing inequality isn't the growth in wages of "knowledge workers." It's the financialization of the American economy. Investment bankers and financiers aren't knowledge workers. Calling them that is misleading, because it's easy to distinguish between them and (doctors and engineers), and clumping them all together gives a misleading view of how society has changed in the past several decades. An actually interesting statistic: two thirds of workers make less than the average every day. That should disturb you, especially in comparison to that stat decades ago. How does this work? Is it simply a shit ton of Observers? This claims too much. Differentials in power may always exist, but that doesn't mean power has the same distribution in all systems. Social democratic systems coupled with vibrant civil societies lead to societies where power, though still distributed unevenly, forms a more interconnected and open network, instead of one centralized institution or small set of institutions that dominates society. It's a bit unclear, though, which one leads to the other. Or if they're simply the same. From another article: "Thankfully, political leaders concerned about liberty, innovation and due process have stood up in opposition to this proposal. Senator Ron Wyden, a moderate Democrat from Oregon, has courageously put a hold on the Senate bill because of his concerns about the bill’s infringement of free speech and stifling of innovation. “This is a question of whether the content sector can use the government as club to go after the innovation sector and everything it represents,” said Wyden at a recent Web 2.0 conference in San Francisco. “This is a cluster bomb where you should be going in with a laser, and the collateral damage to innovation and freedom is huge.” Additionally, Tea Party leaders like Michelle Bachman have said it is inconsistent with Tea Party values. Consumer groups, legal scholars, venture capitalists, leading entrepreneurs, Internet scientists and YouTube users have all joined in opposition." Basically, it's less a Left versus Right issue and more an insider versus outsider one. (Though I will point out that the only person who has apparently put much effort into stopping it is a Democrat...) Independently verified by a mysterious "unnamed customer." It's really irritating. I have training in physics and actually think cold fusion is a very promising area of research. But jokers like this dude end up giving it a bad name, which makes it harder to do real research on it without losing funding for your other projects, which makes legitimate scientists pass over it even more, which makes even more loons take the stage. Le sigh. Just to get it out of the way: no one who has ever posted on Hacker News or has ever been even slightly associated with the Bay Area tech scene is the least bit racist. We are all 100.0000% meritocratic, and when we popped out of the womb we were instantly the most color-blind people in history. This is a given, and anyone who would say otherwise is a whiner who's just too lazy and stupid to code. (This, by the way, is also how we know that people here are not at all sexist or homophobic and have highly progressive views on gender. We're just that good.) Now that that's out of the way, we can talk about the role of race in tech. I think it'd be useful to divide it into four categories. 1) Race as felt through through social structure. Minorities (defined as AA, Native American, and Latinos) have less access to educational resources than other ethnicities. This is a broader social injustice, and tech can't be held responsible for it. Tech is also hard at work to help mitigate this problem, though with varying levels of success. 2) Race as felt through choice of majors. Minorities disproportionately choose not to major in techy fields. This is in large part due to a combination of 1) and 3) (to follow). Even to the extent that minorities do have access to high quality education, it tends to be more liberal arts and non-techy. Minorities may also perceive that the tech scene tends to be less friendly toward them. 3) Race as felt through network effects. This, I think, is probably the biggest cause of the recent complaints. Everyone knows here how valuable having their social community overlap at least somewhat with the tech community is. Knowing someone who knows someone is how you get jobs and get involved in new projects. And you learn a whole lot through these informal interactions (having no CS background, I only learned about Lisp on a date). People whom we know are usually of similar racial and class backgrounds. Not through any conscious decisions, but because of shared interests and the fact that people make friends through other nodes in their own social networks, nodes that have the same tendency of showing race and class similarity. 4) Racist prejudice. Examples of this are the null set, because no one here is at all racist. In the end, though, 3) builds off of itself. You start out as an isolated island, and if you don't break out of it you'll never achieve your full potential. Once you do get pulled into it, though, the sky's the limit. The question we should be asking is how to deal with 3). Weren't Asana the guys working on Lunascript? I remember being pretty excited about it, and it'd be awesome if you built off of it for this. What's the status on Lunascript? The best thing is the new, unified event API. They've also improved event delegation performance by a factor of 2. Yeah, the skittishness is my biggest critique of it. I think adding a quarter of a second delay would be a good fix. If you move out of an element, go into another, you've got to remain in that one element for a quarter of a second before it changes. If you exit it before then, the timer is reset and you stay on the original element's details. Also: if you're navigating by keyboard and on the orbitals tab, there's a bug when you're on Be. You can't hit the up arrow to go to Helium, despite it being visually placed above Beryllium. Nitpicky, I know. Edited to add: not the creator, just offering some random impressions to the creator, if she/he's reading. Yup. If you beat a 8000 m^3 cube into a big sheet of gold, you could cover the entirety of Connecticut and Delaware. The displacement of a Nimitz-class carrier is around 100,000 tons; if it's entirely made of steel, that comes out to around 11,000 cubic meters, or a 22m cube. So, it seems like we would be a bit short of the amount of metal needed to make one of them if we wanted it made entirely of gold. But the right order of magnitude. Of course, smaller ships are of far lower displacements, so we could make several of them. I have no idea why you're bringing some contorted-beyond-recognition Trolley problem into this. The situation is more like: 1) Founder hires an employee at a depressed salary using the possibility of making it big via vested options to compensate for lost income. 2) Employee works first, second, and third years performing to satisfaction. 3) Before IPO, founder goes "I can make that employee give up their money through a threat of firing them." Actually, isn't that pretty much the situation? If we really want to talk analogies, it's like if someone took a health insurance policy, but when they get really sick and the "big payout," the insurance company cuts them off because they haven't contributed enough to merit the million dollar payout. It's fairly difficult to pinpoint something that humans have that couldn't have been placed there intelligently. Evolution drives organisms, if at all possible, to co-opt anything that develops because of structural constraints. Most of the time it is possible. This class of traits is something that Steven J Gould named as evolutionary spandrels. So in practice, I would expect the ultraviolet receptors in the skin to have at least one meaningful function. The fact that exposing people to ultraviolet light changes their hormonal balance would tend to suggest this as well. They're definitely doing something. As a separate argument, a creationist could also provide some information theoretic arguments for why some cells have pointless features. Unnecessary complexity in a biological organism, like in any other computer program, is a dangerous risk. As risk management, we might want to handle that danger by accepting a harmless redundancy and not building an additional subsystem that chaotically interacts with all our other subsystems. "One thought. Develop your own, if you can. But that puts you into the radar of Curious Goverments." I know this tone is discouraged on Hacker News, but if anything deserves it, this does. You have no clue what you're saying. I know shit all about cryptography, but knowing shit all is a far cry better than thinking it's even remotely possible to be secure when you design your own crypto-sytem. That doesn't put you on the radar of Curious Governments. It puts you in the sight of script-kiddies. Weird. 1) The url would suggest this is done using the canvas element. On my browser, though, it's implemented using SVG. Is anyone else seeing this? 2) SVG is a really terrible medium for this use case. What should be used instead, and would probably give better performance, is... canvas. Communism is different from socialism, but an interesting aside: Einstein was an ideological socialist. He went so far as to publish an article called (iirc) "Why Socialism" in the Monthly Review. It's not particularly enlightening or anything, just lending his name to the movement. Accessibility cuts both ways, though. Choosing to prioritize the HTML-only version decreases accessibility to people who have limited bandwidth or download speeds. Are there examples of this paradigm for another framework or in another language? We think of js as being of paramount importance in web development because it's the only way to interact with the DOM, so we've mostly come to terms with it and its flaws (which are manifold, even though I happen to think it's a nice language in lots of ways). But if we put all DOM manipulation on the server-side with a very thin client-side javascript communication and manipulation layer, this isn't necessary. You could write your entire application in Ruby, Haskell, Forth, whatever floats your boat, against a standardized, cross-browser, and improved DOM. This is powerful and intriguing. You still have to load jQuery through the client. What it does is expose RPC. So in your situation I'd believe what you'd see is the server sending the command to attach event handlers to the elements you're clicking before you start interacting with it. "They" is a very broad pronoun. Ban encryption, and sure, detectives will genuinely be able to catch more pedophiles. That's almost certainly true, and I wouldn't dispute it. But there are trade offs, and you also get more insidious elements. Certain officials in the government care about who you vote for, what websites you visit, what software you have installed, who you communicate with. This isn't new and has been par for course since time immemorial. I'd liken it to freedom of speech. Most people, if they use freedom of speech to say something controversial, use it to say stupid and socially damaging stuff. Bush personally planned 9/11, Obama is a Kenyan Muslim plant, etc. But it's still worth fighting like crazy to make sure they have the right to say it, because as a society we do better if there is that ability to say whatever you want, even if people abuse it. It's that way we can fight against the government when we need to. In the same way, encryption is a valuable tool that prevents government power from being exerted when it should not be. This can range from more effectively avoiding government attempts to undermine counter-establishment political organization to opening up markets that should not be being shut down by government violence. I don't know if you'd even disagree with any of this. It's of central importance, though, to make sure that people know the debate isn't about whether we should allow child pornographers to avoid punishment. The question is how you organically build up to take on the banks and consultantocracies. Their ecosystem is about as far from a competitive market as you can imagine. Their hiring practices might seem illogical, but I would disagree. They're just not hiring for what you think they are. It's fundamentally about hiring people who have a lot of cultural capital coupled with a work ethic and an above-average-but-not-spectacular amount of intelligence. This has only a weak correlation at best with ability to allocate capital, manage, or "consult." (Those latter skills are genuinely rare, valuable, and hard to identify anyways, so they're increasingly being replaced by organizational and technical solutions.) Why that group of people? The types of organizations we're talking about are successful because they have secured a privileged place in the network of our economic and political economies. Their target hiring group is people who are consciously or subconsciously supportive of that existing network and will be effective at using and extending it. So, if you had to name a group of people who are generally content with the status quo, familiar with the world of the rich and powerful, hard-working, and smart-enough, who would you go for? People who graduated from an Ivy League and have access to the resources to spend on things like climbing Mt. Everest or winning an Olympic gold medal in lacrosse. You should make clearer: if someone doesn't get hired, who ends up holding the bag? And how large a bag? I'll forward this to someone I know. That's not a fair way of describing him, as he's actively becoming a supplier of new developers, not merely acting as a middleman. Nice. Even for more risk-averse people, that's a pretty sweet opportunity. Have you considered just applying to places? His setup works because people are really, truly desperate for programmers. If you're a Cal math student who's really into programming (even if you just started learning), you have the intellectual chops to do it. You would get training just the same, except you'd be getting paid for it at the same time. I got my first job/internship involving programming with zero (literally 0.00 hours) programming experience. It's quite possible. Of course, there's a lot to recommend learning from a good, dedicated teacher instead of a couple stolen minutes everyday from another developer in a production environment. Freeing your spouse from work, not your wife. Sure. A friend helped land me the job in a corporate IT department (an advertised but effectively fake-competitive position, bypassed HR), plus I have a strong technical degree from a brand-name university. No portfolio or design experience. I'd like to say I wowed them in an interview, but it was really just sitting down in a bar on a Friday night, shooting the shit, and then getting a programming book to study over the weekend so I could start on Tuesday. I was very lucky, of course, so it should be said that one size never fits all. I also think it was totally inappropriate for me to get hired. But when you're unemployed with dwindling savings and have been homeless for 2 months straight, a $45k/year internship is something you jump for, no matter how unqualified you are for it or how unfair it is that you're getting that opportunity. I sincerely apologize for anyone who's had to read the code I wrote back then. Though, all things considered, it's probably not as bad as many of the monstrosities I see regularly in my current position. Hmm, a lot depends on how you read the context of the list. It's always best to give the most generous interpretation, so I retract that. I'm amused/interested in how your comment changed the upvotes and downvotes my original had. Before it was positively received (+11 at the point I checked), but that was enough to drive it down to a +1 (no, there's no grave injustice here, no one should think to re-upvote it out of some misplaced sympathy). I can definitely see how your point would nullify it, but actively driving almost a dozen downvotes? HN folks are a fickle bunch =) You should make a dating site advertising that as its key feature. Most everyone who would join it would be a giant nerd, even moreso than OkC, but that'd significantly increase average compatibility! You should, and we should. I would question, though, whether that's particular to Wikipedia. You should take everything you read with a colossal grain of salt. Even if it's written in a printed encyclopedia, a textbook, or an article. Something to keep in mind is that you can make your C# surprisingly functional using LINQ. It's inspired by Haskell and functional programming. It makes the transition from "imperative with functional features" to "functional" very simple. And you can use Reactive Extensions in C#, which is the most accessible framework for FRP (functional reactive programming) out there and very useful for UI and asynchronous tasks. I've just started exploring it, but it's pretty fun so far. A really great book. And now you can Javascript in the browser itself! I hate to be churlish, but the link-baity title is pretty silly. It's unclear what the "Association of University Technology Managers" is even measuring here. I'll just say that if you're a high schooler whose only priority is to be around lots of people in start ups and to join or start one yourself, Utah may not, in actuality, be the best place to go. (Which isn't to say it's a bad choice or doesn't have substantial strengths.) I've been wondering how well-suited FRP (implemented either in Haskell or something else) is for back-end technology. It seems like it might be overkill, but it does have a certain conceptual elegance to it. Anyone play around with this idea? Because there are probably fewer brand name pornstars out there than people who hold a professorship of some kind? It's a question of why notability requirements are stricter on academics than pornstars. A fairly comprehensive list of pornstars will not be super huge, especially compared to academics, and will have fewer cranks trying to push a point of view through those articles. It comes down to a pragmatic point of view, not an actual argument that the least notable porn star on that list is more notable than the most notable scientist excluded from the list. I personally say let them all in, but that battle has been fought and lost long ago. It's very... sanguine of you to think the Supreme Court is full of bloodless rationalists, computers that read statutes and, via sheer force of deductive reasoning, come to a conclusion. In reality, the Supreme Court is supremely political, and they regularly do shoot down a law because they think it sucks or approve a law because shooting it down would make people angry. It's not striking down a law, but you can see the process at work most clearly in Bush v. Gore. It was, on the face of it, a horrible decision, and the court itself said it shouldn't be used for any precedent; it's not been cited once since then. But it isn't merely a matter of disagreeing with the decision. It's the crass politicization of it. If you look at the breakdown of the vote, the Justices who supported Bush supported Bush, and those who supported Gore supported Gore. (Thomas's wife was heavily involved in Bush's campaign, and O'Conner had said the evening before the election that she'd find Gore's election personally disastrous.) Nor can ideology account for the decision: the same justices who are pretty stingy when it comes to applying Fourteenth Amendment rights generally suddenly found it imperative to extend it to a radically new situation in an usurpation of state rights with federal judicial might. The converse was also true, as the Justices usually distrustful of states running their own elections suddenly thought that sacrosanct. Edited to add a particularly damning quote: "The counting of votes that are of questionable legality does in my view threaten irreparable harm to petitioner Bush, and to the country, by casting a cloud upon what he claims to be the legitimacy of his election. Count first, and rule upon legality afterwards, is not a recipe for producing election results that have the public acceptance democratic stability requires." IOW, Scalia is banning the recounting of the votes of undecided legality because it might make Bush's election look less legitimate and cause political turmoil. If only. Unless you empathize with mistakes like this, it's very difficult to prevent them in the future. You're always going to have people who make mistakes in any system you design. The trick is to design the system so that mistakes are easily corrected, even when multiple ones are compounded. It's akin to someone dropping a table of unrecoverable user data. Sure, it was dumb on their part, but why the hell is it possible for you to lose all your data from a single mistake? I've always wondered about this. In a similar state level competition, I felt like a giant hillbilly because all the projects were so damn awesome compared to mine (terrible feeling when you've put months upon months into a project only to walk into a room and realize you don't have the slightest chance in the world to win). Some of those awesome projects were definitely home-brew and were better than mine, but even those paled in comparison to the ones that came with professional help. Growing up two hours away from the nearest real university, I didn't realize teenagers could work on projects like those. It rankles my sense of fairness that many (though certainly not all) of the people in the upper levels of the science competitions got there with a very large amount of help. Of course, the same logic would apply to people who have even less access to resources than I did, so I should count my blessings. They make up for it in volume. I would say this is an unrealistic view of how elite college admissions work. These days, having perfect SAT scores, good grades in AP/IB classes, and ordinary involvement in extracurriculars is a weak approach to getting into an elite university. It takes some extra-ordinary achievement in some extracurricular to make you stand out from the mass. That kind of extra-ordinary achievement is easily gamed by people with privilege but much more difficult for the rest of us in the 99% (well, the 90%). Well, yes, meaning that elite colleges use other discriminators to choose their students now, once you've gotten a good-enough score. It'd actually be more egalitarian and meritocratic to use scores, though, especially if there were a revised test to differentiate the almost-perfect-and-perfect crowd from one another. Those other filters--the meaningful extracurricular activities--often enough amount to "let's let in the girl who got a paper published in high school through a special internship or the guy who climbed Mt. Everest" that they're sort of a joke, in that people with special resources and parental connections have an automatic edge over equally qualified people who don't. Does javascript guarantee a particular order of expression evaluation when there aren't any sequence points? Alerting 'All Fixed' and afterwards 'Error' seems like it'd be just as valid an interpretation of the code. Edited to add: Actually, I think the comma operator does do that, so no bad. Though the code is still unsightly... I think the myth comes from this: developer productivities fall on some bell-curvish distribution, but the peak of that distribution is maybe half a standard deviation from zero productivity point, with many developers adding negative value and many being only slightly positive. Then when you start considering people a standard deviation above the mean, they're easily 10x (or infinitely) better than a significant number of programmers. Going to the emergency room when you're on the brink of death doesn't count as "free healthcare," no matter how many times they beat their chest claiming it is. Emergency room healthcare is significantly more expensive than getting your blood pressure checked every couple of months. The right to healthcare isn't something that only applies to the emergency room. tl;dr: "Keynesian economics... I’m slightly limiting my options for, ahem, 'graduate education'... wannabe environmentalist cult... junk theories... super-scary movie... in the 1970s... not have had a single clue what they were doing...cling to whatever wealth or power they can force" I love how you go from "I'm too lazy to look further than a pop sci summarization" to "the entirety of the work the scientist did was the pop sci summarization" to "flim-flam, fraud, scam." Climate change "skepticism" in this case amounts to someone who is too lazy to look at scientific reports and just prefers ad hominems. I'm curious as to where you found the actual article referencing this particular data, as it was just presented a few days ago at the AGU conference, and I'm having trouble finding the (yet unpublished?) conference notes. Alternatively, is this all an oblique way of saying both that the media sucks at reporting science and that scientists (and earth scientists in particular) need to be more approachable and accessible to the public? In which case, I agree with you 100%. Lastly, what is your point, here? Nothing controversial has been reported. Temperatures in Greenland are rising. Marginal ice will melt when temperatures rise. Ice has mass and weight. When that ice goes away, the force its weight has exerted goes away. The Earth decompresses to reach a new energetic equilibrium. And now, their study has confirmed via GPS data that, indeed, things decompress when you stop compressing them. Unless you're arguing that they made up the GPS data out of whole cloth, why the total freak out? The hyper defensive "anything that mentions temperatures changing at all is an AL GORE CONSPIRACY!!1!" really doesn't speak well of the scientific mindset of AGW denialism. The pop sci piece here doesn't even mention AGW, but we've already had 2 (current count) people come in and go into shit-flinging mode to discredit it. I believe you're not understanding what the author did. He did not attempt a recent history temperature reconstruction of the Greenland ice sheet via GPS measurements of bedrock rise. Going by the news article, the result was simply that the bedrock rose in response to a compressing force being removed, with zones experiencing heavy ice loss experiencing a commensurate rise in bedrock. Well, if good engineers don't want anything to do with your opening at the compensation you're offering... increase the compensation. And, honestly, change the position so that the person hired isn't considered just a cog in management's plans, who's expected to be on call 24/7 and to put in 50 hours a week in a windowless room. I wouldn't go back to that shit even at double my current salary. http://learnyousomeerlang.com/ Inspired by Learn You a Haskell. Haven't read all the way through it, but what I've seen looks good. There's also http://www.tryerlang.org/ , which seems to be down right now. I'd argue that it's almost dishonest to discuss poverty and denial of basic rights in Birmingham without bringing up race. I don't believe that the parent was even accusing the original poster of anything particularly dark on the racial front, just providing some context. One thing that you can almost admire about China: the bribers would as likely as not have been executed for this. (Assuming they weren't well-connected to the upper ranks of the Party elite...) Well, you can draw further distinctions between Rothbard and Nozick (don't know too much about Hoppe). Nozick would support a minimal state whose sole job was to protect property and was financed by government coercion. Rothbard would go further, though, and say even that minimal state is too much, as it is still coercing people to fund government activity (police protection of property). Even as that end of property enforcement is just, it's still using an immoral means to achieve it. Which just goes to show that one man's right that deserves government protection is another's coercion. I respect Rothbard's consistency, because it's quite problematic for the run-of-the-mill libertarian to argue for some forms of positive liberty (the right to government provision of property enforcement) while saying that other forms of positive liberty are categorically unjust (such as, say, the right to government provision of running water). Hmmm, I agree and disagree with you. I doubt Rothboard would describe his viewpoint as being simply that "property is a god-given right while water isn't," even if you exclude the god-given part. It's more that property is an institution that develops from organic human action and self-organization. And in his vision people end up self-organizing into groups that will defend some version of property rights using threat of violence if necessary, and he goes further and thinks that, due to the nature of the market of violence, most will converge onto roughly similar versions of property that are best suited for human living. My take on that is that this has already happened, but as it turns out the market of violence lends itself to aggregation and monopoly. We call this monopoly supplier of violence the State, which has found it utility maximizing to form a set of contracts, implicit and explicit, with most of the different parts of society, including price discrimination, loss leaders, etc. In other words, Rothbard left out public choice and the economics of the firm, and when you add those into anarcho-capitalism you get... social democracy. I deeply admire, though, his capability to imagine a different, more decentralized, and free-er world. Like most visionaries, his greatest flaw and strength is his utopianism. The city politicians (corrupt and incompetent, likely both) were almost certainly black, if the situation is anything like my hometown. But there's a long history of racial tensions in Alabama, and nowadays one of the main ways it's expressed is through the white-dominated state government absolutely hating the city of Birmingham.* A combination of under funding and interference in local matters makes it very hard for an already poor city to prosper and, some would say, fosters a corruption-inducing urban insularity. And now the families who lack indoor plumbing and running water? Suffice it to say that if they were mostly white, state politicians would be much more interested in remedying their situation. Take this with a grain of salt, as I'm projecting my Georgia experiences. (I will note that Alabama is, if anything, less cosmopolitan than Georgia, so I doubt I'm being too harsh on them.) *This is a repeated pattern through the South: compare, for instance, the Atlanta/Georgia divide. It goes beyond the typical urban/rural divide. By the same token... SOPA is horrifying. No doubt about it. But it's funny how many people I meet who share this view, yet think giant multinationals are the best suited institutions for running the world. Because media conglomerates have our best interests at heart. Like our rights. Those things are universally respected. Yeah, yeah, libertarians don't believe corporations should corrupt the political process, reign supreme, etc. For that matter, though, neither do people on the Left think government should make bad corrupt laws. Well, I think the issue is that socialism (and capitalism, for that matter) means very different things to different people. For instance, you identify "collective ownership of the means of production" as central to the idea of socialism, and the USSR as a society with collective ownership of the means of production. There's a tricky elision there, though, in that it identifies "state ownership" with "collective ownership." Chomsky and other anarchists raise hell at that idea because to them, the State is not an instrument of collective decision making. For more context: anarchists played a major role in revolutionary socialist Russia, with the popular party of the peasantry (the Socialist Revolutionaries) being in some ways one of the more anarchist political parties in history (supporting, for instance, land and industry collectivization instead of land and industry nationalization). They were quite popular, having over twice the number of representatives as the Bolsheviks, the second largest party. They quickly came to oppose the Bolsheviks and were among Lenin's first victims. This is is in addition to a hardcore anarchist movement also popular in Russia at the time (and also heavily victimized by the Bolsheviks). The point of all that? They all considered themselves socialist and disagreed that Bolshevism would lead to socialism, disagreeing strongly enough that it often led to their deaths. Chomsky isn't pulling the "the USSR wasn't socialist" out of a hat, but is bringing up an ideological point that's existed since even before the USSR formally existed. And to an anarchist, the idea that the USSR was socialism is as alien to them as the idea that the USSR was capitalist is to you. (The fact that the USSR called itself socialist they would argue was just a propagandist slogan, just as a Tea Partyer might consider Obama calling himself a capitalist as meaningless political rhetoric to take advantage of the less critically minded.) One of the really cool thing about emacs is that you can do so much in it. Everything from listening to music to browsing the web. Unfortunately it lacks a decent text editor. Any proposed solution cannot disrupt current economy significantly (avoid riots, breaking public services, hurting people. etc.). I think you're missing the point of the Occupy movement. That's very idealistic but isn't really a really good perspective of the situation facing us. Whatever resistance to SOPA that exists in the federal government exists because of some technology companies making very loud noises. Simply saying, "well, corporations shouldn't have a privileged voice in government at all, so we should condemn corporations even when they're arguing on the right side of an issue" is stabbing your allies in the back. Curtailing Google's political activism won't teach America to govern itself without corporations. It will just give the bad guys even less resistance to their agenda. Google maybe shouldn't care about politics. But politics cares about Google. And, moreover, the rest of us. We can start telling Google to GTFO of politics once there are other democratic institutions to take its place. Until then, unilateral disarmament is not an option. The best we can do is remind people that Google is a temporary tactical ally, not some angelic being that does no evil. Chuck Moore also has recently released a clockless asynchronous chip, 144 core. Though it has to be programmed in an obscure dialect of colorForth... Just to be fair, the people most invested in destroying campaign finance reform (the Cato folks) have been pretty good when it comes to SOPA. Of course, I'd say the people they serve are are quite happy to ignore them when it's convenient for the court aristocracy, but I can't see them as guilty of any obvious inconsistencies. Is Hungry Academy effectively an internship program that offers a guarantee of some dedicated training time instead of the intern being thrown to the wolves? Which browsers have implemented SSE/EventSource? Wow, I seem to have missed the boat on caniuse.com =) Thanks for the info, everyone. The big issue I see with nullification is that, once you grant it is justified unjust laws, you make it so that any law can be nullified in a given case, depending on the particular jury selected. Good! you might say. But now imagine you're in the rural South, trying a case of what was effectively a lynching. If you say that jurors can ignore the facts of the case and the law, no matter how much evidence you offer that a particular person is a murderer, they can ignore it for white supremacy. This is on top of issues about fairness and equal application of the law. Whether and how much you're punished would vary even more depending on the makeup of the jury, even if the crime is the exact same. If you wonder what where the hell the atrocious __doPostback, __EVENTTARGET, and (gag) __VIEWSTATE come from... the answer is .NET WebForms. An abuse of the word authoritarian. Shutting down freedom of speech, indefinite detention, arbitrary expropriation are authoritarian. A non-flat tax is not. Not that the "left," insofar as it exists in the federal government, is consistently much better on those issues. In politics especially, it takes a constant struggle to keep in mind that words have actual meanings. They're not just matters of opinion, and "authoritarian" isn't just a gussied up way of saying "ewww gross!" about a political matter or position. It is a real word with a real meaning and a real history. Consider, for instance, the Kirkpatrick doctrine ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kirkpatrick_Doctrine ). It's possible to debate the plausibility and soundness of it as a foreign policy principle, but that's because authoritarian has a real meaning beyond "ANTI FREEDOM!! (TM)". It has to do with how the center of political power interacts with its opposition, particularly in contrast to how totalitarian states do so. Note that the countries which had the greatest amount of government intervention in the economy and actually did take a bunch of guns from people are very explicitly not authoritarian: they're used in contrast to the authoritarian states of (mostly) Latin America, which were hardly high-tax or anti-gun. What's actually being paid for, here? It could be the case that having Google as the default in Firefox will pay for itself through advertising. Anyone have any feel for how likely that is? If it isn't, is it an attempt to buy good will? Trying to gain some leverage over Mozilla when it comes to taking sides in the standards war? Or just the idea that any time Firefox gains a user is a time that Safari or IE isn't gaining that user, and that any marginal hits to the adoption of Chrome are disproportionately compensated by hits to the adoption of competing browsers? Obvious link bait, but they call it bait because it works... Seriously, fuck these people. Every month it seems that the WSJ or Fortune or Forbes is running some article about how 20-somethings are not willing to give 110% for the company. Well, you know what? Management is the whiniest bunch of entitled pricks to ever walk the Earth. They feel entitled to developers' labor. They think that we should feel honored for the opportunity to work on their legacy Java in-house apps that have been ravaged by years of turnover, failed projects, arbitrary management requirements, low quality devs, and outsourcing. But it's an insult to their own egos for a lowly developer to ask to be paid as much as them or, quelle horreur, more! Fun story: first job out of college, I was working in exactly this environment. It was terrible: ridiculous hours, low pay, boring projects, and lack of respect from management. After six months, I got another job offer for a company whose primary product is software, offering twice as much pay and better benefits. I went to HR, asked them to match it if they wanted me to stay, and they pretty much told me to fuck myself. Their counteroffer was a raise of around $5k and tons of opportunities for advancement. A year later, the senior developer, who had worked for the company for 15 years and was in his 50s with a wife and kids, was fired. Not because of any performance reasons--he was pretty damn good at what he did--but because he was the highest paid person in the department and management wanted to cut costs for some kind of valuation or another. Yeah, he was quite the cost center at $90k a year. They were doing him a favor: now he's freelancing, working less, making more, and far, far happier. Maybe in a different era it would make sense for a developer to be loyal to the company she works for. But we don't live in that world anymore. Management has done its damnedest to commodify labor and has more or less succeeded. So, let's be commodities! But if management wants to burn us like oil, they should expect to pay the market rate for it. This is understandable, but the valuable thing that this article illustrates is how, if you have entrepreneurial leanings, going to work as a developer within a business whose primary product is not related to software is not a winning proposition. Management isn't always a rational creature, and no amount of negotiation can get you a reasonable offer. Obviously there's a ton of money to be made by catering to businesses that have money, but the best way to extract that money isn't to go and program VB6 all day. It's to start a separate business that offers that same service, which patterns the transaction in such a way that management is willing to pay market rates. Hmm, good catch, didn't know that. Though, I think the usage is common enough to be colloquial. The article itself talks about the sense of entitlement that developers have, for instance. Maybe a word like arrogated would work? It isn't totally right, though, and it'd be sacrificing communication for the sake of formal correctness. I'm guessing entitled has taken on its contemporary meaning through a need for a word that didn't exist. Oh, totally picked up on the other point. By pointedly ignoring it, I hinting that my original comment was purposefully made to be more polemic than rational argument, in case the "fuck these people" didn't give it away, and focus on linguistic nerddom which is more interesting anyway =) I don't see it so much as a negotiating tool, though. Analyzing it, I'd say it's more an attempt to raise the relative status of the HN tribe by putting down the status of middle managers than anything else. The movie made a good point about how the Finnish education system has better outcomes than ours. The big takeaway I take from this is we should move toward a Scandinavian attitude on unions. "Applying this pressure to your congressmen is the only real way to affect change" is followed by "I've called each of mine and have the vapid response letters to prove it." Slight disconnect there? =) Don't mean to harp on it, because contacting your congresscritters is a genuinely productive way to enact change. (Just don't put a whole lot of effort writing a heartfelt argument informed with evidence and rigor--its value comes more from indicating to the politician the breadth and energy of opposition to SOPA.) But focusing on GoDaddy isn't a distraction, either. One of the central rules of political organizing is this: you pick the target, freeze it, personalize it, and polarize it. Victory isn't going to come in one fell swoop: if it comes at all, it will be through a loosely connected series of small victories, looking plausible only in retrospect. GoDaddy is an easy enemy: it has an anti-charismatic founder who has a long history of general shittiness. A victory there doesn't only screw over GoDaddy, which is in the grand scheme of things not even a secondary target--its only actual goal is to make a quick buck from the feds. But what a victory does do is this: for one, it sends an obvious message to Congress and to other companies that the Internet matters: it's providing objective information that, yes, the anti-SOPA forces have some power, and other players might re-evaluate their current strategy to accomodate that new information. But beyond that, and more important than that, is that it builds the movement. A victory sends a signal to people who are anti-SOPA but disenchanted that there is at least the hope of victory, bringing them back into the fold. It generates a bunch of news articles providing valuable anti-SOPA publicity, which is especially valuable since broader public knowledge of SOPA is one of the things we need most now. And it develops commitment and better engagement for the movement via showing how each of us as individuals can contribute to change. It's not an either-or choice: you can both send letters and move your domains from GoDaddy. By the way, if you're reading this and you haven't sent a letter... close out this window immediately, write a letter, and send it. As a corollary, I'd like to add this as a rule: If you are engaged in a mass bombing of civilians and military targets or committing ground forces to combative action for a period of longer than a week or two, that is a war, not a "police action" or other euphemism meant to get around (American) Constitutional requirements. Any guesstimates on how large the wormhole would need to be for it to be a doomsday device? Two estimates, one for a wormhole on the surface of our sun, and the other for its core. I'll try to post my results sometime later. What about a neutron star? It's probably too exotic to consider how a wormhole would interact with a black hole. Silly. Obviously we all have free will and can theoretically do anything. But simply the existence of an extremely specific set of actions that aren't physically impossible that someone must take to achieve something is not enough to say that, if they don't have that thing, they don't deserve it. I was fairly overweight at one point (BMI of 27, not muscle) and managed to get down to a more healthful range. The thing is, I was in a very real sense hungry all the time. I remember eating the same thing together with a roommate, and at the end he'd be quite full while I felt like I had barely eaten an appetizer. On top of that, I'd spend probably 5 hours a week exercising, not counting commuting to work on a bike every day, eating no junk or fast food (avoiding eating out altogether, actually), while he barely even left the house and seemed to subsist on tortilla chips and salsa. And yet despite that effort, I eventually trended to a higher weight while his didn't change. So far as I can tell, the issue wasn't any moral failing on my part. And we've had people moralizing about how fat people are lazy and lazy people are fat for decades, with no perceptible counteracting influence on the health of the people in the USA. So what's the value in that, when what we could be focusing on is how to hack the human body to get around those pain points? Well, with the caveat that the differences between NoSQL solutions can be as big or bigger than that between SQL and a given NoSQL solution... A quick glance at Stackoverflow careers and SF craigslist show Redis coming up a wee bit more than MongoDB, though I doubt it's statistically significant. Those seem like the top two, with most others giving significantly fewer hits. Regardless, MongoDB is far from undisputed king of the hill. I hate SOPA, but I've got to wonder how much of this is actually driven by concern for the bottom line. Hollywood and Big Media are very happy to work with established, institutional partners. Indeed, the types of partnerships that'd be formed, backed up by federal force, would serve to drive off potential competitors. Would it really damage advertising revenues that much? If the fear is that Google would be hit by large lawsuits from some twelve year old posting a music video on YouTube, or that Facebook would be liable for a link to it, I expect that media conglomerates would be happy to give de facto immunity, so long as Google or whoever is willing to put Viacom's commissars in charge of which content is allowed and which isn't. Obviously it's good that Google is on the side of angels on this, but if it's actually in their best interest is a relevant angle for analysis. It also would tell us how hard they're actually willing to fight to block SOPA. That's not a really plausible story. Some of the quotes were not only written in a newsletter with Ron Paul's name on it, but were actually signed "Ron Paul," and written in the first person talking about why he voted a certain way. And he's refused to name these mysterious ghostwriters who wrote it. And when these came up in the 1990s... he didn't claim they weren't him or even disavow them! He just said that they were taken out of context, not that he wasn't responsible for them. I really don't give a huge crap about what it says about Ron Paul's deepest darkest prejudices--I'm a policy man, myself--but to simply try to shrug it off and say "I disavow these things" while also saying things like the Civil Rights Act should be repealed? Call me unsurprised if people are upset about it. The Reverend Wright deal is a weak comparison. Something analogous would be if, in Dreams from My Father, Obama had said "I wish a Mao would rise in the United States to give the capitalist running dogs what they deserve." And given what he's given shit for... do you seriously not believe he'd get shit for that? It'd be an instant disqualification, even if the quote were taken out of context or even written by a ghostwriter. Right now, it's illegal to ban abortion in any state. Ron Paul wants to make it legal for states to ban abortions, as Ron Paul is personally pro-life. This isn't something that is driven by some deeply-held libertarian principles. Many (most?) libertarians are pro-choice. If you believe that marriages should be altogether abolished, but before they are abolished you refuse to support efforts to make the discriminatory status quo more equitable... then, yes, you're against gay rights. You're still totally ignoring the point. Marriage can be made equitable. It can be done either via abolishing marriage licensing altogether, or via making marriage licenses equitable. Ron Paul believes it's better to keep marriage licensing discriminatory versus equalizing them. If this were a world where government entitlements were available only to white people, and Ron Paul took the position "I'm opposed to doing anything to make government benefits race blind, so I'm going to work against people trying to make government entitlements race blind, because I believe all government entitlements are evil," that would be an effectively racist policy position, whatever his personal beliefs on race are. And Ron Paul goes further: he has gone so far as to sponsor and vote for legislation that prevents the federal government from recognizing state-legislated marriage equality. So in this case, he thinks states rights go too far in allowing them to define marriage, so federal legislation is necessary. And we're talking about a guy who not only is personally opposed to gay marriage. Do you really believe that plays no role whatsoever in his opposition to marriage equality? Sigh, there is certainly a point being missed here. Should the federal government give states the right to ban Islam? If someone argued that it should... they'd rightly be acknowledged as anti-Islam, because freedom of religion is a human right, and rights aren't just rights for the federal government, but for all the state governments. Rights are inviolable. If Ron Paul believes states should be able to violate certain rights, he is opposed to those rights. Which is fine: it's a perfectly coherent position that there is no right to privacy and self-determination. But call it what it is. But saying "states have the right to legally segregate!" is tantamount to promoting the segregation, even if he adds to that "states should have the right to segregate without federal intervention, even if I personally would oppose that segregation." Can you try to address my point instead of just repeating "freedom freedom freedom"? I understand that Ron Paul believes that the ideal world is not to have government licensing of marriages at all. I get it, and might even agree with it. Okay? What I've said is that Paul supports a discriminatory status quo over fixing the discriminatory status quo. This is true, and this makes him a supporter of homophobic discrimination, even if he has some theoretical plan that will never come to a vote that would be equitable. Remove your finger from the "auto downvote any critic of Paul" mode for a second and stop to understand this point: Ron Paul is supporting anti-gay discrimination. Answer me this: suppose we lived in a world where black people were banned from going onto public roads. There were multiple votes to make it legal for black people to use public roads. Ron Paul voted against those attempts multiple times, saying "I'm not racist, but I believe that public roads shouldn't exist as they're an inappropriate use of public funds." So the status quo remains indefinitely, as there's no actual chance that public roads will be abolished altogether. I argue that I get his position, but that it's still immoral to discriminate against black people, and so in the short term he should vote to make the situation equitable . And then you come along, and say, "your view on morality is your view, and that's all there is to it" and "attempting to push this on other people by mandating in law is the worst form of bigotry." That's narrow-minded and pigheaded, no? Ron Paul's the bad guy here, even if he has some idealistic long-term view of the perfect solution that one of the victims of his votes might even agree with. You say "we can believe opposite things, and still accept each other as we are": well, you can get legally married, get benefits from my tax money, and get special rights from the government, while I can't. That's shitty, and Ron Paul prefers to posture for his ideology over actually considering the day-to-day suffering of regular people resulting from that shittiness. Well, come on. If you're googling a disgusting substance like santorum, don't be surprised if you get a gross result. Which is to say: santorum is now a word in its own right. It's not a Google bomb in any sense: people can and do use it all the time to refer to the aforementioned substance. A month ago, that definition was definitely the more relevant, and five years from now, when the Santorum flash in the pan is over, that'll again become the most relevant item. What you're asking for is for Google to censor a word for the sake of a powerful man, who it happened to be named after. Along with such notable somebodies as James McClure (who is currently being Google-bombed by a pickle company) and Norris Cotton (being victimized by a fluffy fiber). "Minitrue"? Really? I think a lot of the distaste people have for santorum is that there was an active campaign to coin and propagate it. But lots of words have that heritage: if someone looks up "pegging" on Google, no one gets upset when it turns out to be an invented but widely adopted sex term. Savage's hostile intent, though, has a major role in people thinking santorum's an illegitimate word, even though no one can point to any real metric by which Santorum should trump santorum; we all like to feign genteel shock at crassness. But we can't let our emotions, be they anti-Santorum or anti-Savage, dictate whether Google should manually intervene to change the ordering of the search. That road leads to 1984. Two issues: 1) You overstate the likelihood of the market driving out discrimination. Racist and sexist discrimination has existed for centuries without the market ever reaching the equilibrium state of no discrimination that would result if people were rational market participants (1). 2) Inevitably people bring up Scandinavia in these discussions, and for good reason. Scandinavian countries have both very generous family benefits (including paternal leave!) and high representation of women throughout the workforce. This isn't dispositive, but it does suggest the situation is much more complicated than the original post would suggest. All in all, I prefer to live in a world where everyone pays their fair share instead of trying to eke out a couple extra cents of profit by not providing parental benefits to mothers and families. (1)This is actually an even subtler issue, because it's possible for markets to exist where racism and sexism offer a competitive advantage, due to consumer preferences. Well, "very close" might be an exaggeration. C# has lazy evaluation, generators, LINQ, generics, and functions as first class citizens, while Java has... none of those. Or what amounts to none of those. Overall C# ends up being a much more expressive language. Though obviously C# and Java are closer than C# and Lisp. I think it's a bit of a stretch to read "threaten personal or state violence on" in "should not be tolerated." He's entitled to say his opinion, but he can't prevent me from saying he's a bigot. I wonder if email theft will be the centerpiece of an era of what I would call "information terrorism." I use that term advisedly, though I know lots of people will object to the t-word. It's not about killing people (though, when it comes to global security, it's difficult to estimate the repercussions), but it is about providing prominent public examples of what happens if you communicate in a way that's publicly comprehensible. Which is to say, speaking openly behind the walls of your organization with the (false) belief that your emails to your colleagues are inherently hidden from a public view. This creates a huge overhead to communication. We've all written emails that, when a phrase is taken out of context, can bring massive scandal and disrepute on you and your organization. (See, for instance, "hide the decline" or "trick.") So the only option is to clamp down on communication, and when it does happen rely on mealy-mouthed or specialized language whose real meaning no one except the two speakers can understand. This won't lead to the ossification and death of corrupt organizations that rely on secrecy, contra Assange. It will lead to a Straussian world where all real information is just hidden from the public and kept as public secrets that only the elite are privy to, instead of available to anyone through media like Stratfor. That really rubbed me the wrong way as well: it sucks that now something as unloaded as doing your best and hard work has become a politicized Horatio Alger statement about how the right mindset can achieve anything regardless of where you come from. My first reaction was to want to say that the reporter should ask her opinion on if anyone can achieve great things regardless of their station in life, but that goes too far in the other direction. Instead the article should just state the facts about how she has achieved what she did without trying to discern any political or moral points from it. Apart from the meta stuff, she sounds awesome. I usually grumble at these things because privilege plays such a big role--and who knows, maybe she has her own form of privileges that aren't represented by homelessness--but she managed to beat the odds. Good for her. We are the 99.932%! I wonder if the increase in inequality is scale invariant, or if you end up seeing some kind of kink at some point in it. Because in a couple years we'll have bots that can generate WSJ editorials by scratch simply by estimating what text will maximize the profits of the WSJ's old industry corporate masters? Well, I don't buy into the strategic effectiveness of shutting down the DOJ website, but didn't the DOJ/Universal/the RIAA just do the same thing? There are of course laws that say one side (the one who makes the laws) has the right to take down sites and the other doesn't, but the justness of those laws is an entirely different question. What do "occutards" have to do with this? And do you really think that the media industry wouldn't have pushed for SOPA and PIPA if not for them? Indeed, they were pushing for laws like PIPA and SOPA long before Anonymous and Occupy even existed. Do people actually use the object-as-an-associative-array property access as a general practice? I use it when it's useful, but if the name of the property should not be determined at run-time, I always do the dot notation. I've never heard of anyone taking issue with it, either. I'm guessing that the HN community would think supporting a lot of safety and regulatory hoops for this is meddling statism? I can't help but imagine all the cranks who'd sell smartness treatments and do permanent damage to the brain... homeopathy but with a chance of actual damage. The real question, I think, is when investors are figuring out whether to go into the startup scene, what are the dominant influences on their decision? If there's a long tail of Airbnbs that drives most of the expected profits generated by an investment strategy, then the status quo understanding of things--buy a bunch of lotto tickets, and make a bundle when one hits the jackpot--is probably an accurate representation of the market strategy. If the median investor isn't going to make any money from getting a big hit, though, it's a different story. Most value is going to come from talent acquisitions. In which case, the article is right, and the incredible sea of funding available today is effectively a pooled set of resources by big corporations that are funneled to VCs in exchange for recruitment and building of effective teams. Which would make VCs the best-compensated HR managers in history. There's also no reason both can't be true. Maybe the majority of profits are generated by Dropboxes, but the typical VC understands that those are lotto tickets and is relying mostly on the latter scenario. I'd say the foreign language is a pretty good analogy, though to the benefit of CodeSonic. For me, at least, when I learn a foreign language having the basic vocab, phrases, and syntactic structures down to automatic is the most important step. Sure, I won't compose great poetry or write the great $national novel in it. But once you can start automatically thinking or writing in the language, that's when you get to start building cool things with it. Of course, it all depends on CodeSonic's implementation, which is everything. I give it a 3:1 chance of being a CodeAcademy you've got to pay for. But I signed up for emails anyway, on the off chance it actually is good, new, and worth paying for. Luck is a factor, but interpersonal dynamics and alliances are most important, in my experience. How to win: always be a moderate second while limiting the routes for first to win, concurrently reserve at least two separate routes to victory for yourself, and don't let the game get too lopsided. Then as the end draws near, finish it in a turn. It would be interesting to have a Catan-AI competition. Does the Catan server allow bots? Go =) Interestingly, "A Pattern Language" directly inspired the GoF book. It has similar flaws, as well. It should be considered descriptive, not prescriptive--and Christopher Alexander is not nearly as careful around that distinction as the GoF. Not to derail the thread, but I think the entire "first world problem" meme, though useful in that it reminds us of our relative privilege, isn't totally fair to either the people experiencing the problem or to the people solving it. First world problems are still problems. And the existence of people experiencing much worse problems doesn't mean those first world problems are not worth solving. Indeed, virtually any problem could be considered not worth solving if you can identify anyone anywhere in the world in a worse off situation. Typing in a couple words and having a machine return documents automatically based on the input isn't a solution to a real problem, because people exist in East Palo Alto who are functionally illiterate. Finding a cure for Alzheimer's isn't a solution to a real problem, because a supermajority of people in Zimbabwe die decades before they might even get it. It's all a matter of degree. And if you buy into market economics, it's not even clear that focusing on first world problems is a detriment to solving other problems. If the parent spends 10 minutes buying a plane ticket instead of 2 hours because of the implementation of an "everywhere" option, that creates a consumer surplus that could very well be worth a couple hundred dollars. Flyers can be routed to places on planes that are underutilized, reducing GHG emissions by a meaningful amount (which is incredibly valuable for residents of developing nations). Hundreds of thousands (millions? I don't know the market size) of person-hours could be saved. Some of that value inevitably would trickle down to people with graver problems. I've built up a solid fund over the past 4 months for this kind of self-study. The plan is to quit my job around May 1st, and use the resulting free time to spend 20 hours more a week on edification and 20 hours more on personal projects. I'm explicitly committing for six months, with the option to continue it six more without even giving a thought to job-hunting. The downside is that, at the end of it, I'll be down a bit more than 12 months of savings than I would be otherwise. So compared to the "stick with my job" plan, in my particular case I'd have 75% what I otherwise would. That's assuming I don't change my consumption habits from current. In terms of intellectual growth, I've stagnated at my current position. So the skills built by taking this route are pure benefit. There's no trade off. The alternative of getting a job where I'm both challenging myself and getting paid (likely more than I am now) is more appealing, but getting a much more solid grasp of the fundamentals seems to trump that (I've never taken any CS classes). I figure that the investment should pay itself off financially within 5 years, as a pessimistic estimate. As far as the actual feeling... that's an open question for me, too. The big issues I see are making sure that I follow through with my intentions. No wasting any time on HN/Reddit. I shouldn't be doing that now, even. Totally agree. The poor are lazy entitled pricks. Lucky duckies, as the WSJ aptly coined a couple years back. How dare they get some form of entertainment? If they really need to find some way to amuse themselves besides staring at the wall all day, they can walk their fat asses two blocks down the street to borrow a book and improve themselves at this place called the... Oh, right. Working a 8/9-5/6 job is historically an aberration, and never in human history has the majority of workers been employed that way. Even now, as (a small minority of) people in the Global South are moving to that kind of labor, we see that very same system breaking down in the West. People usually work piecemeal and irregular hours, in exchange for locally-valid credit. It's a pipe dream to believe that the height of human happiness and social justice is everyone sitting down at a 9-5 job five days a week so you can pay down the mortgage on housing you overpaid for because everyone else also bought into the same myth. Which is what mainstream political parties in all countries that I know of seem to buy into, just with variations on the theme. I like Chesterton's vision and see it as more emancipatory than the industrial-corporate socialism/capitalism that we have, despite me being a left wing crazy. Will have to check out Belloc. Work wasn't considered something apart from social life. Basically, if something needed to be done, you did it. Things weren't nearly as compartmentalized as they are now. Agricultural lifestyles mean that life and work are much more integrated than they are now, because they had to be. Which has pros and cons: people lived much more on the brink of survival, but a local area was also more self-sufficient. The trade we've made is to take risk of dying from starvation during a bad year where we are not self-sufficient enough for risks related to specialization, meaning we now have the equally uncontrollable risk of being screwed by a NYC financier or a DC bureaucrat. It's also important to distinguish between different cultures and different time periods. A peasant in 15th century England lived a very different lifestyle than a peasant in 2nd century China. Edited to clarify. How true is this? Are you asserting that no historian or anthropologist has ever worked on a farm? Or are you arguing that no living historian or anthropologist has ever been a pre-20th century peasant? It's complicated, but hunter gatherers typically lived longer than the first agriculturists. Infant mortality was the really brutal thing there--most people who made it to 15 would have a pretty long lifespan, comparable to what we. (Infant mortality was also very bad among the agriculturists, while they did not do as well in the years after 15.) Beyond that, it wasn't a one way street--people regularly transitioned from farmer to hunter gatherer. Neither was a particularly hellish existence, except in times of plague, famine, or war (all of which hunter gatherers usually could avoid more easily, through lower population density and less demand on natural resources). The hard evidence, as far as it exists, suggests that the typical hunter gatherer was, if anything, actually better off than the typical farmer. And for ages it was a constant back and forth. Where farming civilizations massively surpassed hunter gatherers was in the creation of the State and its associated violence-producing and self-perpetuating capabilities. Quantity (of people, of swords, of food) has a quality all its own. See Jared Diamond's "The Worst Mistake of the Human Race" for an interesting perspective. http://www.ditext.com/diamond/mistake.html "academicians with opinions"? Really? Have we reverted to name calling? Few people here have grown up on a farm. But even if you have, it's not representative of what historians and anthropologists study when they study peasant societies. Agriculture is thoroughly embedded in the market nowadays. You can't compare the experience of a struggling family farmer in Iowa, under siege by corporate interests and the demands of the market, with the experiences of the average pre-industrial peasant. A businessman running a gas station in Dallas has more in common with the Iowa farmer than the pre-industrial peasant does. There are very few places in the world nowadays that are comparable to even the recent (several centuries) past. There is, however, a lot of evidence about how people lived back in the day. Enough evidence, actually, that tens of thousands of people study it. Just because it's hard to monetize and profit from concepts like the health and well-being of employees doesn't mean that we as a society should put that value at zero. The "competitiveness of a company on the global market" isn't the be-all, end-all. The phrase itself belies your point: if we as a society wanted to, we could place tariffs equivalent to the cost of providing a humane workplace for packaging workers, while also requiring our own companies to do so. This would eliminate the competitive edge issue, while also allowing other countries to engage in free trade with us if they pass laws protecting their own laborers from workspace exploitation. We simply choose not to, for certain values of we (read: members of the finance capital rentier class that dominates American political discourse). It's an interesting system. Workers actually have votes on corporate governance; in fact, a 50/50 split with shareholders if I recall correctly. I wouldn't be surprised if that led to a less antagonistic labor/management relationship. Let's assume that you would need 1000 machines to have as much throughput as 4000 people. WAG, but I'd wager that each of those machines would cost $500k. That means 100 million in immediate outlays. WAG 2: fuel/electricity/maintenance is $200/month, and you need a team of 20 engineers to watch over them at $10k/engineer/month. So recurring costs come to $400k. Which brings us to: 100M/1.3M = 77 months, or between 6 and 7 years. That, however, doesn't take into account the opportunity cost of the initial $100,000,000 outlay. That brings it up to around a decade. So, a decade to break even. I'd love to know how much does a robot like that actually costs, to buy, run, and maintain. Anything you can share? Well, everyone's an engineer nowadays. My company has "custom service engineers." =) What I'd really like is something that fixes browser quirks and provides a consistent API that's identical to the ecmascript standard, instead of something entirely new. Then have a jQuery-like API when it's useful or improves clarity. Is this usually actually true? It makes a ton of obvious sense, but I've seen numbers thrown around that suggest a surprisingly low number of people actually end up taking advantage of the cache. Hmmm. The PRC seems to have this down. I'm not sure if that's a point against you or a point in the PRC's favor. It's interesting to look at the history of patents to get a sense of perspective on the fluidity of property rights. Before the reign of James I, for instance, all kinds of things received patents, not just inventions. Even commodities as common as salt or pepper were patented. The king would grant these patents, implicitly getting the political support and backing from the recipient. It took an act of Parliament (itself a power grab) to end this practice, which is where a new version of patents--applicable only to a new discovery or invention--was legislated. These patents of yore were pretty alien to us--they represent something more like a government appointment to a role than anything else. I agree in principle with the idea that carbon-based energy has a ton of negative externalities (megatons, in fact...), so there should exist a relative subsidy between it and green. The issue is that creates even distortion between the energy sector as a whole and the rest of the economy, since fossil fuels are already subsidized (through not pricing in the negative externality) and we're adding a separate subsidy to green energy. So we're distorting the market to favor creating green energy over reduced consumption of energy. When what's really needed is simply an effective tax on carbon, and then let people decide the most efficient way to respond. Apart from the general ridiculousness of the US extraditing copyright infringers but not pedophiles: Do the Brits really not have any outrage over this? If the PRC successfully extradited an American for some real or imagined digital crime (say, building and hosting the website of a designated terrorist organization), we'd be in an uproar. At least, I hope we would... I find it just as good, actually. There's always the point, though, that you can't be "just as good as" an entrenched player to win. You've got to change the entire nature of the playing field. So long as MS doesn't do that, it's "lost" (for certain definitions of lost that include making hundreds of millions of dollars). I love that we simultaneously have a heap of victim blaming that (a) they need to develop their professional networks more and (b) they just need to man up and move to South Dakota. Before you start commenting with an easy solution, you should stop and think: if everyone did this, what would happen? In the case of everyone networking better, it would simply recreate the current situation but biased towards those who are inherently better at networking. Well-written resumes aren't themselves valuable: they work as a signal of someone standing out from the crowd. But if everyone does that, it just shifts the equilibrium. In the case of everyone moving to South Dakota, you'd end up with an unemployment rate of 30% in South Dakota. More than that, even: the number of unemployed in California is currently 2 million, which is more than double South Dakota's total population, let alone workforce, even ignoring the heap of infrastructure issues and mass destruction of social capital that would be involved in that kind of movement. Instead, look at issues of public choice, broken institutions, and the system as a whole. Do not bother trying to blame (or excuse, for that matter) the individuals involved, unless what you're interested in is furthering a persona of being a hard-ass concerned with individual responsibility and tough love (or, on the other side, a persona of someone who is exceptionally sympathetic and caring toward others). Because whatever state individuals are in now as a result of their choices, as a whole those same individuals, made of the same stock and character and making the same general choices, were better off 6 years ago. What's changed, and how can we reverse or modulate it to improve overall outcomes? What would solve a lot of my problems with paper and current electronic solutions: Imagine some kind of touch mirasol with a matte screen and very thin body. You have a mode available where you can write on it with a stylus and can easily erase using your finger. As you write, you get instantaneous updates that simply show your handwriting, making it look very similar to if you had written it on paper. Certain motions also exist, however, to "neaten" a region of your notes (change them into a form that, though not a font, is better aligned and more readable) or to convert it outright to computer readable characters. Other versions could add syntax highlighting or other use-specific features. Options like automatic saving, simultaneous editing, or projecting your notes are available. How difficult is this with current technology? Would current generation e-ink work? Edited to add: folding is also key, though obviously not now ready for primetime. Yeah. One of the great advantages of tree paper is flexibility and durability. I don't need to carry around a case to have a piece of paper to write on. Sure, with tree paper it's annoying to have a fold in the paper, but even that problem is solved when you use the kind of e-paper I'm imagining. Not an absolute necessity, but something about having the ability to physically manipulate the dimensions of what you're using is just so useful. Don't need to use the entire screen? Fold it in half, and you're set. Available, maybe, but the East Bay is definitely a bit sparse. Nice looking site, though! Because if we can have a world where that growth is more equitably distributed, you can avoid wage stagnation among the median worker? The marginal utility of a dollar is much greater for those making $50,000 a year than the person making $50,000,000 a year. It's not a sickness itself, but it's a symptom of the sickness. And pointing out that inequality has radically increased in the past decades is just pointing out we have a fever of 105F going on, here. Dumping someone in the snow won't fix it, but you also don't just ignore it and say that administering medicine would be violating a free market. Yes, being upset at someone emphasizing that there will be women around to serve you beers is tantamount to disallowing sexual desire. It's totally like 1984. What a trainwreck of a comments section. If your immediate knee-jerk response is to try to point out why it's her fault without reflecting on her points, you're part of the problem. Hmm, what kind of refresh rates can we expect? Similar to rigid e-ink? Now the question is when we get flexible, touch Mirasol... which will presumably be after we get Mirasol. That's not exactly fair of Friedman; though he was definitely pretty conservative in his views, he was overall quite the empiricist and not much a radical ideologue. There are numerous instances of him thinking government action is a good idea. For instance, back in the 90s he argued that the ideal health care policy would be one "with a requirement that every U.S. family unit have a major medical insurance policy," instituted by the federal government (in place of Medicare). A bit off topic, but a question I've been wondering: How do conduits differ from arrows? They seem to occupy a similar space. Is one more general than the other? "The Chinese care more about learning and being productive than they do about how many sick days and annual leave days they will get each year." Thank god there's some white dude here to share the truth about what those Orientals want. Weekends and health insurance? pffft. The only thing Chinese people value is hard work! (And I'm someone who's not terribly shocked or upset at Foxconn. Terrible article, nonetheless.) Hmm, I'm not even sure that the "lost in the desert" part is inappropriate as the metaphor. What was it that I read about an AirBnB for dogs the other day? I'm guessing that their database isn't voter registrations but individual votes--one person can have multiple votes and registrations recorded over the years. I still don't see how that could add up to a factor of 10, though. I'm in a similar space and typically people will have fewer than that, although the voter records we have don't go back more than a decade or so. Sort of. You have to pay a nominal fee for it and sign some documents indicating that you have a legitimate (political) use for them and won't use them for commercial marketing, etc. That's not me, though I'm quite sympathetic to the libertarian critique, particularly the public choice side of things. Otherwise garden-variety left =) As far as where in the "space" I am, it's a fairly well-established player, though I've been thinking of moving on recently. Just out of curiosity, how much a requirement is Python over there? Was thinking of dropping off a resume... I'm sympathetic to the viewpoint that it's important to watch cities as central to our future. This article, however, relies a bit much on psychological gobbledygook. Helicopter parents, Friends , the Google bus... Even the one graph they provide is more or less incomprehensible. What would be useful to see is land prices in inner urban areas, average lived population density, and comparative migration patterns for young adult populations (ideally taking into account long term lifestyle pattern trends). My general take: Places like NYC, SF, and Chicago are definitely growing, but not at some particularly spectacular rate; IIRC it's at pace with US population growth as a whole. Instead the areas with the highest population growth have been the sun belt for the past decade, which is hardly the "smart" urban growth that people go nuts over. The demographics, however, are changing in a much more meaningful way. Gentrification will continue and accelerate. Not everyone will live in the city: instead it will be a professional ruling class working in government, finance, law, technology, and business (and their associated servants), with everyone else relegated to the decaying suburbs. So if you want to see the future, look at Paris. That's... very weird and surprising. NYC grew by low single digits, while SF did a bit more. I incorrectly assumed this was shared across most major cities. I'm not sure how that affects my prediction, one way or another. Edited to add: a table with actual data. The 2000s have not been kind to most cities. By comparison, the USA as a whole grew 9.7% from 2000 to 2010. http://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/census/2011-04-07-1Aciti... Of course, once everyone does that, that just puts pressure on our jobs. Even for things that seem a mile away--a maid or a gas station attendant--as they move into something white collar, that puts pressure on existing lower-level white collar workers, who in turn respond by doing the same thing. For any suggestion that fixing something socially is equivalent to fixing it for an individual, you've got to ask yourself: what happens when everyone does it? Otherwise it's just a pleasant-sounding nostrum. One advantage is that getting in at 11am usually means it's more difficult to bully you into staying past when you should be leaving. I've never understood this logic. We fear bureaucracies, if they became efficient, would become efficiently brutal and callous. We don't want them to become good at being brutal and callous. Therefore we should fight against efficient bureaucracies in favor of brutal and callous inefficient bureaucracies. And if their inefficiencies make them seem brutal and callous, that's just all the evidence to know that making them more efficient would lead to even more brutality and callousness. Indeed. One might argue it even stunts the potential for greatness: after all, you best can solve problems you've directly experienced. That might be part of the reason we have thousands of tools to increase programmer productivity, but there are piles of money to be made by providing a simple MVP in a market that's totally untouched. What do you specifically even mean for the United States as a society to "save" money? Getting dollar bills and stuffing them into a vault? Are you saying that in an ideal world without feckless politicians, the government should tax more than it disburses, build up a pile of money, and then pay out extra money? The further you draw the analogy out, the more ridiculous the idea of equating government finances with household finances become. It's just folk economics. And that's ideology-neutral: you can be a Keynesian, monetarist, goldbug, whatever and still should reject that position. It's hard not to appreciate Paul Hudak, who's at the forefront of research in functional reactive programming. If you've heard of Yampa or Fran, they're children of his, as is Euterpea (which this book is centered on). He also wrote the Haskell School of Expression, an introductory text which touches on multimedia more generally. IIRC he was diagnosed with a serious form of leukemia awhile back. It's good to see that he's still finding time to do cool things! As someone who's lived and worked in similarly collaborative or communal environments, that's something I could enjoy and definitely wouldn't dismiss out of hand. But beyond the personal appeal, the negatively-charged comments really surprise me. People make the same argument against being very close with the people they live with--they're not looking to be best buddies with their roommates. And that's their prerogative and a totally valid choice! But plenty of people do choose to be really friendly with their housemates, and it works well for them. By the same token, how can we definitively say that Ridejoy's strong culture is bad? Maybe it wouldn't work for you, but I'm sure you can imagine people who would get a lot out of it. After all, the 9-5 with people whose relationship with you is purely professional is something of an historical aberration. So why get huffy about something individuals are choosing to do because they believe it creates a better work environment? Instead, let a thousand flowers bloom and try to figure out if there's anything you can learn from all of them, both the successes and the failures. Are there really asymmetries? CS degrees have a small value-add. Many of people enjoy software development without having the desire to be able to implement a RB tree on the fly. For intance, my boss majored in film studies; only one person on the team I work in has actual formal training in CS beyond introductory classes, and they're probably the least productive developer. Given that, why should people major in CS when they can instead spend 4 years debating social theory or going on class trips to Death Valley? And really, is what we're hurting for now more CS people? I don't think so: if anything, the issue is that there's too much a CS emphasis. That's why we have people spending time building Lisp VMs in JS and all that jazz here, while tons of other fields (even technical ones) have absolutely massive inefficiencies because their problems aren't theoretical enough for CS folks. It doesn't tax the wealthy at just under 23%. It taxes consumption at 23% and offers a rebate. Wealthy individuals would end up being taxed substantially less than people whose income is labor based, unless they spend every cent of their incomes every year. If only. In San Francisco, at least, the biggest anti-density lobby is the countless neighborhood associations that make it impossible to do anything that could conceivably alter any aspect of daily life. Well, aside from well-meaning paternalism... everyone who overextended themselves with a too-large mortgage did it of their own free will and hypothetically were only screwing themselves. But when things go to shit, the effects of a large number of people screwing themselves spill over to a bunch of complete innocents (well, people who are innocent of everything except existing in our contemporary economy). In practice for this particular instance, I agree with you on the correct policy position: the amounts of real-world money that would be being put at risk are small compared to the real estate bubble, and the financial nervous centers of our economy are more insulated from this bubble than the one in 2008. I do think your general principle for appropriate government action is too strong and leads to some questionable results, but that ends up getting too involved in abstract political principles for this particular thread. 2001, months worked out of the past 4 months for people with bachelor's degrees Engineering : 3.2 months Literature: 2.8 months Overall: 3.1 months 2009, months worked out of the past 4 months for people with bachelor's degrees Engineering: 3.1 months Literature: 2.7 months Overall: 3.0 months It's a bit more complicated than people getting worthless degrees in underwater basket weaving. My point may have been a bit subtle. The argument is not about absolute levels (no one would dispute that techies have better employment outcomes than fuzzies, both in getting a job and compensation). People are claiming that recent youth unemployment is due to bad choice of major: the argument seems to go that, as technology is introducing serious economic disruption, people who get humanities degrees are disproportionately left at a significant market disadvantage, which is causing the recent uptick in college graduate unemployment. This, however, doesn't account for the actual historical data, as engineering and literature majors show similar relative employment rates as in 2001. If I knew someone who was in a hard place, and they were stuck in a rut about how terrible their life was because of their parents/race/class background/asshole boss/whatever, I'd parrot your advice to them. When individuals believe they have the ability to effect change in their own life, they become more able to. This is borne out by statistics and experience. I question, though, whether that spiel is appropriate here. Most people who haven't met success and are stuck in that blaming-external-factors rut don't post on Hacker News. In an abstract sense, a sufficiently motivated person can accomplish nearly anything. But I use the phrase "sufficiently motivated" purposefully, because that kind of person bears a resemblance to the fabled compiler. It's true that there are a series of actions that can lead an unprivileged person to whatever level of success you imagine. More than that, such an unprivileged person exists, at least often enough to be relevant. But it passes over key structural issues by pushing all responsibility to the individuals who are stuck in some unhappy situation and ignores the reality that the average person can't be expected to have above-average judgment and motivation. Taking the point to the extreme: Frederick Douglass was born a slave and worked himself up to the point where he was a world renowned intellectual. Diocletian was born a slave but eventually became Emperor of Rome.* Despite those facts, it's not controversial to say that we can't blame slaves for their misfortunes, even though through enough perseverance and skill it was theoretically possible for any slave to end up in a tolerable place. For an individual seeking success, it's best to focus on yourself and self-improvement. But that fact doesn't change the reality that some people have to focus an exceptional (and unrealistic) amount on self-improvement in order to get what comes to other people with little effort. * Interestingly enough, the ancient Romans practiced manumission for their best slaves with some regularity, holding up the freedman as an example of what a slave could achieve if he worked hard enough for his master. There's an interesting issue in climate science, and I say this as someone who thinks that dealing with climate change is probably the most important task of our generation. The (small subset of) professional statisticians I've spoken to are both similarly suspicious of climate models (not climate change itself), though for more technical reasons than you mention. At the same time, the physics dictate that the general sign and order of magnitude of CO2 forcing in climate models is correct, as surely as doubling solar output would increase mean surface temperatures. The physics also don't preclude the effects being even more severe than the models predict. But there's considerable uncertainty involved in both directions, and when people hear "well, things might end up better than scientists think is the average case, and at no cost to us!" they jump for that option and ignore the average prediction, let alone the worst case scenario that's within plausibility. Coupled with an extremely well-funded group of fossil fuel industrialists putting hundreds of millions of dollars into the outright shutting down of climate research, good scientists and especially not-at-all-scientific activists end up on the defensive, overemphasizing the finality of the models and using them as solid predictions instead of tools to vindicate the general thrust of the physics. As far as your particular point, think of the the models in climate journals as tools to understand the issue instead of the final word. It is somewhere between very difficult and impossible to come up with a climate model where CO2 forcing doesn't cause significant warming, but individual parts of those models need to be and often are tested. Indeed, those are the main points of dispute in the legitimate research and end up being thoroughly vetted. It goes much too far to say that the climate is chaotic and therefore totally unpredictable in the long run. After all, if you buy that whole hog, you're also led to say that if you moved the Earth to Mercury's orbit it would be impossible to predict that the Earth would get hotter, in the long term. This results from the flaw of confusing weather (which is indeed chaotic) with statistics about weather (i.e. climate). A butterfly flapping its wings can cause a hurricane. But it can also prevent a hurricane. All those perturbations don't change the fact that, within an order of magnitude, we can predict how many hurricanes will occur in a given year. Alternatively, think about the classical three body problem: even though it's the preeminent example of a chaotic system, you can still make broad predictions about it. Center of mass, average speed of the bodies, average collision time. This isn't some obscure controversial field, either: in physics, these emergent statistical properties form the basis of statistical mechanics and therefore thermodynamics as a whole. Chaos doesn't mean you have to throw your hands up and give up on making any long term predictions at all about a system. I'll try to interpret this as charitably as possible =) I think there are two separate issues you're bringing up here. The first is the implication that climatologists are all involved in a conspiracy with power hungry politicians to institute a kind of global eco-Stalinism, in exchange for research grants. It's the only imaginable scheme where you can treat all government-funded ecology, meteorology, clean-energy tech, and climatology research as part of a coherent but corrupt bargain (As you must to get your billions of dollars figure. I would also add that your mere seven figure fossil fuel budget is grossly underestimated.). Frankly, I don't think you actually believe it, as it's implausible rhetoric that could come straight from the fevered fantasies of Fox News and Rush Limbaugh. The other is that there's group think among scientists. The idea seems to be that academics and scientists are all too often willing to get caught up in petty vendettas, battles for turf and recognition, and back scratching, instead of focusing on the angelically pure pursuit of knowledge. The issue with that is... well, there isn't an issue. It's totally true, as anyone who's spent much time in research knows. Hence the CRU emails. It's a fair criticism. But science has soldiered on despite it through the centuries, and scientific institutions, even being plagued with those flaws, have consistently produced better explanations of the world than hacks-for-hire employed by Big Tobacco, Lysenkoist Communists, or the fossil fuel industry. People do use news stories, blog posts, Twitter, pretty much anything to algorithmically generate profits. But that's not really the domain of HFT. I agree with all of what you say above and am skeptical of the models as they exist now, as another comment of mine elsewhere suggests. I'm more interested in the theoretical question here, though. I'm unconvinced that self-similarity in chaotic systems means that since weather is a chaotic system, climate is itself a chaotic system that's unpredictable in the long term. One way of thinking about chaos is that at some point in the future, a system's position in phase space will become wholly uncorrelated with the system's initial position. So for weather, tomorrow's weather is correlated with today's weather, but weather two weeks from now (or whenever) is wholly uncorrelated. But with climate you do end up with persistent correlations, year on year, decade on decade, millenia on millenia. Temperate regions show (anti-)correlations of deviation from annual average temperature between 180 day periods, and daily solar energy impingement is correlated with positive deviation from global mean temperature. I've always made a mental analogy between that and a gas (the n-body problem): even though the positions of gas molecules rapidly become uncorrelated from their starting position, certain statistical properties--e.g., the pressure the gas exerts on the walls of its container--are highly correlated from one moment to another. Not just initially but into the indefinite future. I'm open to arguments that that analogy is flawed and could see some assumptions that I'm not 100% confident in, but I don't see any obvious flaws. What's going wrong here, in your view? Someone should confirm this, but my understanding is that HFT typically monitors events on the stocks themselves to drive actions. I also believe that HFT is something that happens with response times on the scale of microseconds, which obviously scraping CNN.com for content isn't suited for. That's very different from grilling someone about b-trees, though. B-trees are fairly irrelevant to Rails development; it'd be like grilling the interviewee on assembly. That's not to say that you don't need to weed out the people who only know how to recite various incantations to make magic happen; a knowledge of what's actually happening is very important. But at this level of abstraction, the correct focus should be on different, more relevant things: HTTP, caching, security, etc, which Rails (I'm guessing) handles for you but you should still know. Facebook is bubbly, but there's a world of difference between having your value inflated by a bubble and what's effectively accounting fraud. 2000 years ago, machines did the work of 1000 mules through pulleys and levers. 500 years ago, machines did the work of 1000 mules through gears and belts. 100 years ago, machines did the work of 50 mules through steam and rail. 50 years ago, machines did the work of no mules through internal combustion. Some people's marginal product just isn't enough to make employing them more useful than turning them into glue. In a metaphorical sense. The Platinum Rule, however, derives from the the Golden Rule. The reason to treat others as they would like to be treated is because (1) you want others to treat you as you want to be treated and (2) you should do unto others etc. Stuff like this makes me want to drop the WebForms work I'm doing for rent and work on my FRP library... le sigh. I enjoyed your book! Are there any plans for an updated or expanded version? If anyone wants a simple introduction to Rx, Paul Betts (and Jesse Liberty) wrote one last year. http://www.amazon.com/Programming-Reactive-Extensions-Jesse-... Unreleased =) The target language is JS (for now, at least), uses arrows and features dynamic switching. Yampa is a major influence. Reminds me of XML literals in .NET. That's what immediately jumped out at me. Which is sort of funny, because the majority of people on Medicaid are white, IIRC. I attribute it to, on the reporter's part, two parts laziness to one part subconscious racism. This article is tailor made for a lot of Nelson Muntz-ish "HAHA"s. 1) Gloating over your own skills being in demand can be short-sighted. How many of the people here were thinking, "wow, I'm really passionate about medieval history, but I'll go into software development because that's where the big bucks are?" I'd hazard to say none: people choose to do what they enjoy, not what will make them money. Just because your passion happened to line up with today's market discipline doesn't mean that anyone whose passions aren't in that same direction are fools. (And do you really want a bunch of people who have no innate skills in programming flocking to IT and CS in the hopes of cashing out?) 2) That said, I'm not massively sympathetic toward her. Lots of people don't have the ability to easily cease living off food stamps: she could find a job to catapult her into the middle class in a matter of months. It's a choice on her end. Though, it's not even clear that it's a poor choice, since she gets to do what she loves and has enough money plus entitlements for food, shelter, and medical care. 3) But to tease out some points even further... most people are more interested in pissing on her choices than in figuring out how they can use her situation to better the world. Wait, (ostensibly) great teachers in obscure topics are out there in abundance working only a couple hours a week? Shouldn't we be spending more time wondering "Is there an opportunity here?" than wondering if her choices make her education worthless or if she deserves our pity or not? I don't think we disagree. But it's likely that most people who end up in a Ph.D. program in Medieval Studies don't have many passions that are marketable: there's a lot of self-selection involved, and if the main subject of the article was also passionate in, say, EECS, I think it's a fairly good bet she would have chosen it. And passions in Medieval Studies are likely correlated with similarly un-marketable passions. Though, maybe not. I could totally see someone being really interested in the structures of everyday life of medieval peasantry. Seems worthless, but you could totally parlay that into a profitable business doing furniture making or even green/natural/traditional housing. That's all true and valid. I do believe there's a distinction between a person from an upper-middle class family, racially and economically privileged, who has the intellectual ability to get a Ph.D. and the typical welfare recipient. And even if a college degree doesn't guarantee anything nowadays, people with college degrees do have many more opportunities than those without. Which is reflected in, e.g., Medicaid and food stamps, which is why we get so surprised when a person with significant higher education ends up on Medicaid and food stamps. If you want to go for big numbers, check out the Ackermann function. It quickly makes 10^10^26 hard to distinguish from nothing =) Well, the people making that deal didn't have their incentives aligned with the incentives of the people on the shop floor. Totally. There are so many people out there ripping off things from Zynga. Hell, even municipalities like Jacksonville and TV shows like Smallville are trying to take advantage of the Zynga brand. It's simply disgusting when a company tries to rip off another like this. Hmm, are those values synchronous, though? Maybe an event-based architecture is a better model, though I don't really understand how the law works. True. But the USA, believe it or not, is probably much closer to French politics and culture than it is to Scandinavian. (We have a similar tendency to do things to hide as many costs as much as possible, for instance.) So as far as you can do inter-country comparisons, USA-France is likely to be the more productive one. Well, one argument is that politics is essentially a football game. The stakes are far, far higher, but fundamentally it comes down to all the institutions of a society self-organizing themselves into coalitions for the assumption or protection of power. "Reason" amounts to a way to mask rhetorical flourishes to convince dupes that they're morally better or smarter than the other side. And if you're turning to the Wall Street Journal or New York Times to learn about the finer points of Nozick's critique of Rawlsian liberalism... well, then you're the dupe, even if it's of a "pox-on-both-your-houses" variety. Thinking too hard about whatever outrage-of-the-day Mitt or Obama has done is a similar waste of time--it's not that there isn't conceivably some correct position about whether eating a dog or strapping them to your roof reflects worse on your character, it's just that it's all a smokescreen. Given that, I'd say you have to pick a side. If you end up rejecting politics because it isn't the Oxford debating society, you've essentially let the other side deprive your own side of a valuable resource. It might suck that you're stuck in a game not of your own choosing, but if someone's kicking you on the ground, you don't quietly accept it because they're not following Marquees of Queensbury rules. I've actually noticed only a weak correlation at best between gender of the writer/speaker and the generic pronoun e uses. It's pretty common for people of the progressive set to use the feminine personal pronoun for programmers generically, which is a Good Thing (tm). Not just the Mayans. The Babylonians, Assyrians, Egyptians, Chinese, medieval Christians... all of those civilizations would periodically wipe all debt away. If you have heard about Jubilee years, in large part they involved all debts being forgiven. See the truly excellent book Debt by David Graeber for a very analytical take on debt and how our modern understanding of it varies greatly from how it was originally conceived. Because the idea that "the only reason to lend money is to make more money off of interest" is a modern innovation and very much out of line with how people have thought historically. It's interesting to think about how much contemporary civilization has convinced us that certain things are universal absolutes when in fact they are fairly odd cultural tics in the broad view of history. Seriously, if that question interests you, check out the book I mentioned. Debt has always existed, but it has meant a very different thing to the 95% of people who have ever been born than the concept you or I grew up with. Just to throw some paranoia on the paranoia, maybe the vaccine link shown is part of a government plot to discredit Anonymous. Dude. The question isn't whether it seems implausible. The question is whether you have any evidence that that's not what's going on. Because otherwise that's obviously just what the government wants you to think. My earlier comment should be read as firmly tongue-in-cheek--like, puncturing the cheek--if people thinking it's serious is what's picking up the downvotes. The external costs of staying in compliance with the IRS without those forms are increasing. In both a relative and an absolute sense: they become more inconvenient and hard to even do, and on top of that there's an expectation you can get taxes done in the same amount of time as someone using a computer. Have this happen a thousand different little ways, and not having a computer becomes effectively impossible. One advantage of clean, automated cars over trains: they are far more agile (in the buzzword sense), which is another point for why they're likely to be more sustainable. To elaborate what I mean: regardless of how you evaluate the pros and cons of the California HSR project (I'm skeptical myself), some unfortunate realities of it is that it will be far more centralized, require far more planning, necessitate the build out of a complicated and new infrastructure, and not be cheaply scaled or repurposed. Automated cars are the complete opposite. They can easily be used on our existing infrastructure. If you need to go to a new place, you simply flatten and pave a long rectangle of area that's a couple meters wide. They merely need to be allowed instead of planned for (the problem is small enough and the incentives easily created enough that a corporation can realistically accomplish the necessary R&D and planning). And if they turn out to be a hit, it's relatively easy to just sell more of the automated cars. And let's grant, for a moment, the rosiest projections of California HSR, and it's just a matter of doing it right. It's still a complicated, multidecade-long undertaking: all it takes is a random idiot in Sacramento or DC hellbent on sabotaging the project to change it from a convenient way to get from SF to LA to a one-way ticket from Fresno to Bakersfield. Needless to say, there are lots of random idiots in government ranging from incompetent to hellbent on sabotaging any potentially good government program: should we really be betting a costly attempt to ensure our ecological well-being on the hopes that neither type will come into power for the next 20 years? (This might be construed as giving into metaphorical terrorism, but thems the breaks.) This also is not a matter of public versus private transit: it's trivially easy to imagine buses taking advantage of them to lower costs significantly, and not at all difficult to imagine totally new forms of public transit being made available. It does seem rather limited. 1) It's not real-time: it would likely refresh data every couple of weeks. That limits the number of applications. 2) The data gathered would be... well, my lack of imagination is stumping me here. The number and species of trees people have? The color of their houses? New business openings? Typical length of lines outside the door? The existence and extent of potholes on the road? 3) I'm sure even expanding street view would be valuable. But the leap from effective autonomous vehicles providing street view data on public roads to autonomous vehicles providing transportation to real consumers seems pretty small to me. You could just as well rewrite that for any other politically convenient target: We are not going to evolve as a society until we abolish corporatized capital. I know that this is a strong statement. And it is likely to attract serious disagreement. Take this as on man's opinion and nothing else. It is my contention that in modern times corporatized capital has done absolutely nothing good for our society. I understand that they had a time and a place to exist. Today, there's far more evidence of the damage they cause than the positive effects they may have been intended to produce. Corporations create a false economy. One where people are paid exorbitant amounts of money for work that could be done for less in an open market. Corporations also create stagnation both in terms of innovation and of human capital. Corporate shareholders exist in an isolated cocoon where there is no need to excel or evolve past your station. Corporations damage competitiveness at a national and international level. Corporations damage the economy and destroy industries by creating contracts with unreasonable terms, benefits and pensions. Corporations in government create a nasty conflict-of-interest situation where hordes of shareholders contribute as a unified block supporting the very laws and politicians that regulate their own companies (oversee your own pollution, legal compliance, etc.). Corporations also use this vote-by-dollar approach to influence politics and the politicians that want their cash. It is my opinion that corporate managers and shareholders, as individuals, are generally good hard-working people. However, once their thoughts and actions are controlled by the need to support their "team" (the corporation) the collective can, and often becomes, evil in many ways. Case in point: HP had a contract clause that caused Carly Fiorina to get paid tens of millions of dollars just for getting fired. She earned tens of thousands of times the average worker's salary to actively damage the business. The Chinese have got to be laughing their asses off when they see us self-destruct this way. Fossil fuel companies are yet another example. The list of evils is too long to list here. The most basic one is the inability to tax them for emitting pollution that threatens to criminally kill millions. We would be able to move at a very different pace if corporations went away. I won't hold my breath. Not actually arguing for the abolition of corporations, for that matter. Though my parody has some validity to it, so does what I was responding to. But my point is that there's a world of difference between noting there are some instances where an institution did a bad thing and saying that that would justify their abolition. Neither, for that matter, do publicly held corporations. Any caring about the end-user is a side effect of the primary mission of maximizing shareholder value. Note that it's easy to come up with examples where unions, too, will fight for the end user. See, for instance, teachers' unions fighting for increased educational funding and smaller class sizes, or nurses' unions pushing for universal health care. Do I really have to go into the musty bureaucracy of corporate hierarchies? The incestual relationship between CEOs and corporate boards? The sweetheart deals? The nepotism? The stacking of the deck against non-establishment players? The corruption of government to prevent market prices on pollution? And sure, union culture mobilizes labor to vote because they have bodies. But corporations are more than happy to mobilize and coordinate billions of dollars to effectively bribe government officials, either pre- or post-election. And that's just directly: just as unions have fostered a culture where labor and their families will vote for their interests, corporations have fostered a culture where management and shareholders will give money to corrupt and warp government. How many have you passed on? Have you tried to characterize how likely it is that your filter is actually good enough that 10% of the companies that pass it are successful? Just seems to me that 10% could be something of an overestimation and needs some validation. "Water on the moon" and "water on the earth" have very different values: the cost of transport dwarfs the cost of the water. A barrel of water on the moon is worth millions because of those costs. Beyond that, "water on the moon" is relatively cheaply converted into "water in space." I still doubt that a war would end up happening over it, if only because it appears relatively cheap enough to extract that it's not worth the effort and risk to build a war-making apparatus to prevent other people from extracting it. For giggles, I call mine "Free Internet." Cryptoanarchist is a term much more likely to be used as a self-description than a political slur. I'd actually be surprised if anyone can find an instance of it being used as a slur. Even the simple "anarchist" has lost popularity in the name-calling game, after the Seattle and the Iraq War protests. Taking a single economics course is a sure way to pollute your thinking about what value is. The idea of "worth" or "value" precedes economics as a discipline. Vulgarized economics might offer really weird and ideological versions of them, but it can't demand that everyone stop using them as normal people do. Anyone can think of instances where someone at their company performs better than someone else but is not well-compensated, relatively-speaking. But no one seriously thinks that someone is inherently more valuable just because they're paid more. If you think about it, anytime you buy a stock or engage in a market transaction you're rejecting the idea that the price of something is its value. If you exchange money for a good, what you're saying is that that good has more value to you than the price you're paying. The person you're bargaining with thinks the converse. Or if you're purchasing an equity, what you're effectively saying is that you have some non-public knowledge that that equity has more value than what the market price suggests (if you buy equities on a different basis, you should probably stop and move to index funds). In Groupon's case, its econo-speak "value" came about because everyone assumed that they could gamble and win on the theory that there's someone who's making the same assumption that they could gamble and win on the same theory as them but who is slightly less savvy. Just because a bunch of people are collectively changing their minds about how many idiots are out there who are slightly less savvy than them doesn't change the actual value Groupon ever had. A partisan wouldn't find it hard to call what happened after the war as a sort of ethnic cleansing, though more on political lines than ethnic. On top of that, numerous civilians, particularly those in positions of authority, were subject to a sort of low key terrorism, such as being dipped in hot tar or having their homes burned down. Even being a child of such an official was solid grounds for being attacked. And in the South, people were actually murdered for having Loyalist sympathies. This was actively encouraged by the leadership, by the way, not some decentralized mob violence. On reports that this was happening in New York, for instance, a military official put an halt to it. On hearing this, George Washington immediately intervened to allow it and upbraided the officer for hurting the revolutionary cause. Not actually making the case that American rebels were evil terrorists: just making the case that making such a case wouldn't be too difficult for someone with an agenda, given the standards of how we label things terrorism nowadays. Well, consider Arizona: right now, I have a grad-student housemate who simply cannot set foot there, despite being here 100% legally. Unfortunately for the purpose of visiting that state, he has noticeably brown skin, and his papers are hundreds of miles away in the home he grew up in. That's a pretty deep restriction on freedom. Even if someone has their papers easily accessible, it's a very scary thought that if you're driving from one city to another, the government officer has the right to stop you and demand you show your papers for no reason. And that's assuming everything going on is above-board. If he came across a corrupt cop, it's pretty terrifying to think about the possibilities of what could happen. And this is becoming the norm, simply because we as a society have decided that virtually everything is permitted to "protect our borders." (Relevant in response to your earlier 1)...) Yeah, if you plan on getting pulled over for speeding. Or accidentally getting your car towed, or accidentally getting into a bar fight. Or getting pulled over for driving, ahem, suspiciously. If those things, you should definitely always have your papers on you. Or witnessing a crime. Or being a victim to a crime. Definite situations where you should plan to have your papers on you. Most people are not violent criminals. Most people still have run-ins with the police at some point in their life. Particularly if you have darker skin. That's why my housemate can't go into Arizona, despite being here legally. The Soviet Union also had perfectly valid reasons for requiring that everyone have their papers on them at all times. There were genuinely foreign spies moving around, and the government of the Soviet Union had a genuine interest in doing everything necessary to capture and neutralize them. That doesn't change the fact that it's a terrifying encroachment on your freedoms if you've always got to have your papers on you. Particularly if you're a dis-empowered minority. It's not so weird, either. Ask any high-achieving woman whether she's run into guys who are resentful of her because she's better than them at what they think they do best. I'm not so sure. They were also described as men. Does that make it sexist? They were also described as privileged. Does that make it class warfare? The point is obviously that they come from the same, very particular place at the very top of the same hierarchy that's created the world we now live in. Simply because the media has chosen to glamorize those people more than others doesn't mean we should do the same. Why not throw some equally intelligent and qualified people as Elinor Ostrom or Amartya Sen in there? Aside from the fact that they're probably a bit more left-leaning/sympathetic to the little guy than the three mentioned. Only tangentially related, but what's the consensus on which "ultrabooks" look best to compete with MBP/MBA? I was hoping that Apple would make my choice for me, but I'm underwhelmed. I'm personally surprised that the Lenovo X1 Carbon hasn't gotten more notice: 14 inch screen, 1600x900, made of carbon fiber, beautiful body, less than 3 lbs, embedded 3G connectivity. Question marks seem to be battery (I've heard numbers ranging from 3.5 hours to 10 hours) and price (I'd wager around $1200ish?). Skepticism around the claims of improved sound. The Samsung Series 9 (also 1600x900, but 13.3 inch screen) also looks solid. Any others out or on the horizon worth noting? Eh. The democratic peace theory really just relies on a perpetual no-true-Scotsman approach. Either something's not really a democracy or not really a war. Native American tribes? Well, they had democratic societies, but they're very different from the liberal state that has come to predominate in contemporary times. Franco-Prussian conflict? Prussia's legislatures were dominated by a rich hereditary landowning class. American Civil War? Well, civil wars don't count, and the franchise wasn't universal. World War I? Well, Germany might have had elections and might have had a wider effective franchise than many parts of the USA, but it was a bad guy, so it doesn't count. Various conflicts fostered by the Western liberal democracies (Iran, Chile, etc.)? Well, those were coups and not really wars. What "democratic peace" really seems to mean is "countries that are under the umbrella of the United States and have highly developed economies don't go to war against each other." Give it 20 years time, and when the newly elected government of China gets into a shooting war with the government of the United States over some stupid shit (poll driven aggression in the strait?) we'll go back to arguing that China isn't a real democracy because it had only had one or two national elections, or the United States isn't a real democracy because all its state apparatus and elections are controlled by an unelected elite. Links to the actual paper: http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v486/n7401/full/nature1... http://www.stanford.edu/group/hadlylab/pdfs/Barnoskyetal2012... "Looking towards the year 2100, models forecast that pressures on biota will continue to increase. The co-opting of resources and energy use by humans will continue to increase as the global population reaches 9,500,000,000 people (by 2050), and effects will be greatly exacerbated if per capita resource use also increases. Projections for 2100 range from apopulation low of 6,200,000,000 (requiring a substantial decline in fertility rates) to 10,100,000,000 (requiring continued decline of fertility in countries that still have fertility above replacement level) to 27,000,000,000 (if fertility remains at 2005–2010 levels; this population size is not thought to be supportable; ref. 31). Rapid climate change shows no signs of slowing. Modelling suggests that for ,30% of Earth, the speed at which plant species will have to migrate to keep pace with projected climate change is greater than their dispersal rate when Earth last shifted from a glacial to an interglacial climate, and that dispersal will be thwartedby highly fragmented landscapes. Climates found at present on 10–48% of the planet are projected to disappear within a century, and climates that contemporary organisms have never experienced are likely to cover 12–39% of Earth. The mean global temperature by 2070 (or possibly a few decades earlier) will be higher than it has been since the human species evolved." It's also important to note that this is a review article: it's an attempt to distill an opinionated consensus in the field, not to fully flesh out the models and provide all the empirical evidence. For that, the reader should check the copious end notes. "retracted" is a bit strong: more accurate would be, put on hold temporarily while a statistical flaw is fixed. Even the author of the blog concedes that the overall paper could stand perfectly fine after the flaw is corrected. It's also interesting to note how the "auditors" compare to the scientists: while the scientists graciously send a thank you for pointing out a flaw and get to work on fixing it, the auditors seem almost entirely focused on crowing, getting a scalp and spreading conspiracy theories and innuendo. Interesting. That's too blase for my taste. Technologies are transformative: they create the opportunities for agents to commit entirely new kinds of actions, good and bad. You can't decouple their existence from the new things that result from them (from Nazi death camps to apartheid to the contemporary Panopticon State), any more than you can try to decouple, say, totalitarian political systems from the oppression they entail. This doesn't mean that we should smash all our technology and all return to the farm. It just means we've got to think critically and pro-actively about how to make sure technology is used for good. Because their ruling class was a brutish sibling to the Anglosphere's, and we were giving them massive amounts of economic and military support to dominate and terrorize 90% of their country's population in what was effectively a set of really large concentration camps? I'm not sure we disagree. I'd phrase my core logic as this. Historically, most really big things, great or terrible, have been done by centralized states. Central to state-building, though, is the concept of legibility: making information about the world understandable to the State and making it so that the State can efficiently use and act on that information to enact its will on the world. And technology--particularly telecommunications, including spoken language, counting, writing, roads, the printing press, arithmetic, ship building, radio, all the way up to computer programming--is all about legibility. Every advance in technology extends the State's power, and that continues today. That's why Lenin could hop on a train in 1917 and drop straight into absolutist Russia without anyone in charge noticing. Then in the 1980s the apartheid government had the ability to effectively track the movements and contacts of dissidents and activists. And today the US federal government can call up a couple contacts and know everything about you, from how many times a week you get a coffee from the store at the corner to what you were thinking and searching for online on January 4, 2010, after lunch. I'd agree that it was unrealistic for me to say we can direct how technology will end up being used. It's obviously true that you can't really direct it, nor can you really avoid it by ignoring it and hoping it goes away. What's now important for being proactive is building technology that will make human actions less legible and less subject to control by external forces. Funnily (or sadly?) enough, coal plants emit more radiation per year into the atmosphere than nuclear power plants. That's excluding all the other pollutants they send out, from mercury to lead to carbon, which are far worse. It's not very convincing. For instance: "What it really means is that radiation emissions to the environment from an operating nuclear power plant actually are lower than the radioactivity emitted from a coal plant through fly ash residues. That’s because the reactor vessel, fuel rods, and any radioactive waste on site are well shielded, whereas fly ash, with small amounts of deadly radioactive substances, simply is emitted into the environment." The author appears to be saying, well, if you ran an un-shielded nuclear reactor and threw all the pollution in the air on purpose instead of containing it, then coal ash emits less radiation into the atmosphere. Well, okay, fair enough, but in practice we don't purposely take nuclear waste and fertilize our crops with it, and I don't think anyone's arguing for that. While we're at it, what would be really cool is if we could design a program to automatically look at the Haskell program, decide if it's undecidable, and fix it. "Most of the world"? Lets not overstate things: the past few decades have been relatively great for labor in China, India, Africa, Indonesia, and Latin America. In the highly developed economies (particularly the USA), yeah, wages have frozen, but really good things have been happening elsewhere. Why is it, then, that despite the school someone goes to not mattering in outcomes once you control for external factors, rich people still disproportionately prefer to send their kids to private schools, and are willing to pay 20-30k per year over a decade to do so? I could totally believe that it's totally irrational on the rich parents' part: kids and health are places where people lose much sense of rationality and perspective. But it's still worth considering that the people who are typically most invested and knowledgeable about their kids and the benefits of a good education do usually go for private school if they have the means to. The thing is, I think Craigslist's network effect is exaggerated. Its network is very clustered because nearly all of it (particularly housing) is focused on people in a particular area. Compare to Facebook, which has a large degree of inter-connectedness between all clusters. If there were a site that had, say, all the rentals available in the SF Bay Area, it would be highly useful to you, as it would have gobbled up most of the benefits of the network effect available (of course, outsiders moving in wouldn't automatically know its name like they do for Craigslist, but that's relatively minor). Once you've reduced your problem to "develop a really strong network in a very localized geographic area," it seems to me like the solution would become in reach, with a lot of hard work. You could even scrape pretty heavily early on, or enter it by hand if somehow that got around the ToS. Maybe start at Berkeley or similar college town, maybe reducing yourself to using physical paper and highly targeted online advertising, and rely on students heavily to get the word out. Make it ridiculously easy for someone to post an ad on your site and have it automatically propagate to CL. Gradually expand to different parts of the Bay Area, and then pick out other localities to target. NYC, maybe, especially if you can somehow make its real estate market less dysfunctional. I assume that if the government were to expropriate all the capital owned by shareholders of Apple, you wouldn't be out there saying that they deserve to keep it? Why do positive feedback loops always end in a counterbalancing negative feedback? Because if they didn't, they'd continue until they hit one. A dictator's worst nightmare is most likely a coup d'etat from some military general you've crossed or decreased funding for 10%. And if all you're going for is regime change, it's not clear that violent action is a bad route. But what (good) people usually want is social change, not merely regime change. And achieving that is much, much more difficult through violence: justice is achieved by broadening civil society and strengthening its institutions, and violence always does harm to those. BS, BS, BS. Way too perfect. At the end, all of his coworkers get transferred to other places in the company to do translation work, for the same pay? Uh huh. The only thing this kid did is spin a good yarn and rack up a ton of reddit karma. Between this and the passing out at 10, I'm more and more of a grumpy, cynical old man... Indeed. Corporate taxation makes for good applause lines, but at least in our particular system it's basically a giant target for "lobby for special tax breaks, but only if you're rich enough to hire a staff of lobbyists." My favored solution is having two taxes: a heavily progressive consumption tax, and a flat capital gains/etc. tax. Because what people usually are bothered by are the Paris Hiltons of the world, not the humble billionaire featured in the article. I've always thought that the most damning part of the UK-US comparison is this: The United States government spends substantially more per capita on healthcare than the UK (a number which, to be clear, excludes people's private spending and if anything understates things because it doesn't include the cost of tax breaks for employer plans), but fails to guarantee healthcare to everyone and has developed an underclass of people who have substantially worse healthcare than many second world countries. The UK system is, in many ways, unique, in that it's severely underfunded but gets outstanding bang for buck. I wouldn't recommend it here, because I'd be pretty skeptical we could transplant the necessary consensus political support and willingness to say no to stupid treatments. Lines up well with my impressions of the system. Perhaps my point about not doing stupid treatments was badly phrased, though: your collarbone example is one such treatment, and stupid isn't exactly the right word. Humans seem to have this inborn tendency to always overestimate the effects of medical care. The USA healthcare system thrives on that impulse: if there's any procedure at all that could conceivably do something and you can afford health insurance, you get it, from a full array of pointless tests to highly invasive surgery. In the UK, the system seems to work on the opposite assumption: because every cent spent on healthcare is a cent that the government doesn't have access to, it vigorously refuses treatments if at all possible. Hence, your collarbone example: most collarbones (apparently) heal easily enough on their own, so it's cheaper to assume it will and treat it later than it is to treat all of them to the maximum extent possible. "Death panel" is fairly histrionic, but it does have some validity to it. The issue is that if we want to get the American system's spiraling costs out of control, we need to recognize it doesn't have enough death panels (i.e. a willingness to say, no, it's better to give half-assed or no treatment here and perhaps sacrifice some level of well-being in order to save a couple bucks). I personally believe that people place way too much faith in the ability of medical science to perfect outcomes, and that much of what we do amounts to modern voodoo. So I tend toward thinking that doing the minimum treatment that can be justified is the better way to go. Taxing externalities is, of course, a good idea, and key to any functioning system of property rights. I don't believe they should be used for revenues, because once you do that, it misplaces the incentive: now the government makes more revenue per unit externality. So I favor a flat rebate for all externality taxes. I have one friend who tells everyone what she thinks with no apparent filter. Besides me, she has maybe two or three other people who like her company. Nor are her opinions that noxious--usually she just says out loud very blunt versions of what half of the people are thinking. But you can easily imagine personalities with an even lower batting average. Sigh. I've been planning on getting a new notebook and was leaning toward one of Apple's products... but this has shifted me away. I know, I know: no one cares about nerd ideologies. But I'll do my part and lower their monthly revenues by 0.00001%. I really don't want to get into a stupid religious war about whether Android is a blatant copy of iOS or not. Let's grant, just for the sake of brevity, that Android is an identical copy of iOS. There's still a world of difference between that and using government violence to ban a competitor from business. Sure, the MBA is a good product. But most of its competitors are also good products: there's not clearly a best one, at least for my needs. Indeed, I've been wavering back and forth for over a month over what I should choose: each has its own set of pros and cons. These recent events have emphasized one of Apple's cons and pushed me to other choices. I won't lose any sleep over the switch: I don't feel that I'm missing out on some life changing experience just for the sake of ideology. Now I'll likely end up with an ultrabook with a better screen but inferior battery life and build quality. A definite trade-off, but the amount it will affect my day to day life probably isn't significant. Also consider Asus' UX31A, which has a drool-worthy 1920x1080 matte IPS display. Another exciting option is Lenovo's Carbon X1, which I wish they would release already: http://www.engadget.com/2012/05/15/lenovo-thinkpad-x1-carbon... I agree, actually: most tech companies have some blood on their hands (though I genuinely think it's fair to say Apple has had a particularly bad track record compared to its competitors, at least on offensive patent litigation). That's why I'm constantly looking for new non-evil options, and my next phone is going to be B2G, if at all possible. Guess I won't be putting it on a Galaxy Nexus, though =) I probably misinterpreted you, but haven't you written skeptically of automated security testing in the past? Or is it just people who actually work in security shops that should stay away from them? Some other philosophers question whether there's even a meaningful difference between positive and negative rights. Those critiques go beyond a mere, "well, it's meaningless for the rich and the poor to have equal rights to use any printing presses they own." What is one of the main arguments against that distinction? Well, consider: many people here are arguing that the Internet isn't a right because someone has to provide or pay for it. In some sense, it's not a "natural" right in the same way that they perceive, say, property rights to be. But when you say you have property rights, you're not just saying that the government won't come and take your stuff. You're saying that the government has a positive obligation to send violent thugs in uniform to protect a monopoly, of use and transfer, over a physical object that it has recognized for you. (After all, otherwise a right to private property would be meaningless.) That leads the people making the initial positive/negative distinction into an intellectual trap: all of a sudden, their negative liberty has shown its true colors. It requires as much government involvement as, say, the universal provision of healthcare service. Or the Internet! Even freedom of speech requires government action to uphold: it's pretty meaningless to have freedom of speech if the government won't back up its guarantee of force on individuals who would harm you for saying something. That little connection sent me on a Google quest. Interesting paper along those lines: "Types for Units of Measure: Theory and Practice": http://research.microsoft.com/en-us/um/people/akenn/units/CE... I would respect you more if you just came out and said "fuck Craigslist, we're using their data" than go through a bunch of pie in the sky philosophical reasoning to justify your decision after the fact. Let's be frank and direct: you're being a dick to Craigslist, and you're doing it so you can build a better product. I even agree with that decision--Craigslist has brought it upon itself by creating what is (IMO) a mediocre and clearly substandard UI. But your choice is what it is. Embrace it. I have no real skepticism that what Padmapper is doing is legal, and Craigslist doesn't own that data in any legal sense. Sure. But once you get down to arguing "yes, I have a legal right to use this data, as your attorney can see by looking at section VI.A.5.b of the Online Bullshit Act," you've already given up the game. Legal arguments are ones that are essentially saying "I have government violence backing me up." Padmapper likely does. But if that's what it's coming down to, it doesn't change the fact that Craigslist is being screwed. Maybe they had it coming and maybe it's good for the grand moral arc of human history, but whatever: they provided the forum and a way to structure and organize all that data, and without that structure it'd be hard to pick out the signal from the noise of the internet. Huh. I know the law, and it seems to apply here but in the opposite direction. I might amend it to say that any headline with a question that considers some contrarian perspective can be appended with the less contrarian response. "the ultimate purpose of a business is to make money" No. The proximate purpose of a business is to make money. It's a means to the end: the ultimate purpose of businesses are to improve human well being. If you're interested in making actually good software for the government, an agency that looks like it's genuinely dedicated to that end is the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. http://www.consumerfinance.gov/jobs/design-technology-fellow... For their Design + Technology Fellowship, the deadline is this Friday. You can complain about how government does things, or you can do something to fix it. I'll change the title to be a bit better. Well, municipalities have had similar rules for awhile, though more often to be used as a stick against people engaging in arguably socially harmful behavior. And at least in the case of HOA, more often than not a contract was signed in the beginning that explicitly forbids that type of arrangement. Which sucks, but it is the free market. Just goes to show that contract rights aren't enough to ensure freedom. I'd argue not even morally true. I support drug legalization, but I definitely want legal protections against someone else setting up a meth lab in the condo next to me. Externalities nearly always exist, and market imperfection makes it impossible to contract them away. It's a genuinely thorny issue in this case, though. On the one hand, you can easily imagine mechanisms where allowing widespread commercial short term tenancy in your building would increase crime rates and put your own self and property at risk. At the same time, it's abhorrent to me to imagine my condo building saying that I can't have non-paying visitors over several nights per week, which would likely have identical effects. So where does the line fall? Well, the bar example is fairly interesting: in lots of localities, that's exactly how things work. This is one thing that leads to bar or nightlife districts in cities, as no other residential areas want to deal with the issues caused by bars. It is hotels complaining, for now, and I don't think anyone is taking the POV that we should respect their legally privileged position just because they already have it. But a lot of these and similar laws have existed for awhile, because various bad actors have abused short term renting in the past. And if Airbnb and similar setups become more widespread (as they're bound to do), we do want to have some legal framework to deal with issues as they arise. Indeed. I've only met Kalvin and Jason, but really great, smart people (though, remember to always read the latter's blog with a very open and generous mind =) ) Flag the comment, moderators should delete immediately. Perhaps the most inappropriate thing I've seen posted at HN before. Regardless of whether MacDonald's is the salvation of the human race or the reincarnation of Nazi-ism... I think it's pretty obvious that this wasn't some plot from corporate to beat up guys weiring eyeglasses that are medically integrated with their body. It's the unordered work of some violent thugs, though their motive remains to be seen (or even if they're actual employees or something else). Right now I'm on an x220. IIR I had some acpi driver issue--in fact, had to manually white list my model in it--and power management is mediocre, even with powertop. But it gets the job done decently enough. Interestingly enough, that's not always true, at least for teachers. Recent paper: http://papers.nber.org/papers/w18237?utm_campaign=ntw&ut... "Domestic attempts to use financial incentives for teachers to increase student achievement have been ineffective. In this paper, we demonstrate that exploiting the power of loss aversion—teachers are paid in advance and asked to give back the money if their students do not improve sufficiently—increases math test scores between 0.201 (0.076) and 0.398 (0.129) standard deviations. This is equivalent to increasing teacher quality by more than one standard deviation. A second treatment arm, identical to the loss aversion treatment but implemented in the standard fashion, yields smaller and statistically insignificant results. This suggests it is loss aversion, rather than other features of the design or population sampled, that leads to the stark differences between our findings and past research." Yes, there is. Sigh. I was coming up with a list of cites, but at this point it'd just fall on deaf ears. If you're genuinely uncommitted, just look at what's published by everything from climate journals to general interest journals, like Nature and Science. Sure, the consensus might be wrong, but it's incredibly obvious that there is one: experts are very largely of the opinion that anthropogenic carbon emissions are a major driver of climate change. Of course, I have family whose post-doc research is in this, so I might just be part of the conspiracy! Edited to add: well, just to get you started, check out NPG's specialist climate journal: http://www.nature.com/nclimate/index.html . No article is trying to prove anything beyond their own limited theses, but it's very clear where experts are coming from. Just out of curiousity, guy: can you actually describe the "ad-hoc theory"? How it works, what are the big factors, what are the spots that working climate scientists want to shore up? Just to make sure you've given it some thought and aren't just repeating things you've heard off of blogs and Fox News. Really? Even more of a bummer. I had been toying with the idea of getting a Mirasol tablet and trying to put B2G or something on it. The Higgs boson also wasn't super risky an undertaking. It was expected, and the project was a multi-billion dollar affair that was likely to come up with something. A somewhat ungenerous view is that it was just glorified taxonomy. When you think about the sums involved, we could have done a whole lot of smaller, riskier projects, which may or may not have panned out but had a great deal more potential. Which I guess is your point. You see a similar issue with recursion: it's never seemed particularly difficult to me. But there are, apparently, lots of fairly smart undergraduates who are taking a CS class who just can't grasp it. A tree is recursive--maybe that inability to "get" hierarchical folder structures is somehow related to an inability to understand recursion? "Manufactured problem" is exactly the right phrase, but not in the way you mean it. Other animals hunt other animals, and the ecosystem ends up in a sustainable equilibrium. Humans, however, get most of their meat from industrial agriculture, which is an extractive system that drains water tables and pumps carbon dioxide into the atmosphere. That's very definitely an ethical problem that we have manufactured. Muller is absolutely enraging in that respect. Nothing he does scientifically is really that controversial, but he's really, really big on making a media splash. For climate change, his modus seems to be make contrarian sounding statements, criticize the mainstream scientific opinion, do some studies, echo the scientific consensus, and then claim that the scientific consensus was right but only right because of his results. It has been amusing to see the Koch's get played by a media huckster, though. Interesting example from 2008: http://www.metabrew.com/article/a-million-user-comet-applica... I'd also add that this shouldn't be taken as something to say that Erlang is totally superior to node or that Erlang makes scaling to 1M concurrent connections a piece of cake. If you're working at that level, there's no magical out of the box solution. How did Facebook's IPO go so badly? (It's generally agreed upon that it went horrifically for Facebook and its shareholders, right?) Is it, in a very stylized way, Wall Street in just wanting to extract as much money as possible from a target and not really serving the interests of the client? If so... how can that market be disrupted? Let me know when they release a decent editor for it... So, we could end up with a (drum roll please) stenographic stegosaurus? Edited to add: Ruined my own punchline. Steganographic stegosaurus, damnit! Hmm. DNA is fairly easy to duplicate though, right? Wouldn't that allow an exponential speedup? There's a slight difference: Russia has nuclear weapons(1), a dictatorial autocrat, and a desire to be a world power. South Africa is an only slighty out-of-the-ordinary cesspool of corruption. Of course, all those other things you mentioned are, in isolation, much worse than these recent Russian affairs, and obviously the Western media takes a particular thrill in being putting on the mantle of courageous defender of human rights to condemn a geopolitical rival. But a bunch of workplace strikers being gunned down by an undisciplined police force isn't really indicative of much (as outrageous and terrible as it is), while Russia doubling down on shutting down internal dissent, despite international attention and condemnation, is very, very interesting and worthy of attention. (1) Yeah, yeah, South Africa stockpiled and proliferated a hundred nukes or so in preparation for a race war. Point still stands. "Mathematics is lucky in that it's an entirely logical field where things can be absolutely proven." A professional mathematician should confirm this, but my impression is that most of the interesting bits of math are fairly informal and creative--rigorous proofs only come long after the fact, if they come at all, and really just amount to dotting i s and crossing t s that few people double check anyways. Absolutely proven is a bit stronger than is warranted, and at least some other fields can produce statements that have the level of "truth" that a mathematical statement has. My point, though, was that mathematics is also a field filled with minefields and gotchas where experience is very useful. Moreover, that mathematicians are more than glorified theorem provers. That (informal?) policy drives me fucking nuts. I had one submission awhile back with a fairly informative title for an article about the legal issues AirBnB was running into. The mods, in their everlasting wisdom, decided to change the title to match the article's. What was it? "DIY B&B" Oh, yeah, that's descriptive. I wouldn't say I have a huge flair for titles or anything, but mine was (a) not terrible and (b) definitely more useful in getting the point across. Rage. For whatever reason, there's nothing that gets Americans excited about doing better at something than framing it as beating the competition. So, if you want education to improve, the best way to do that is to say we need to do it better than country X. American education is, in my experience, pretty subpar, and it's good to try to improve it somehow. The article couldn't hold my attention long enough, though, for me to bother reading the exact how. Rinse and repeat for military spending, exports, increasing energy production, decreasing energy consumption, etc. Check out http://pruned.blogspot.com/2012/01/gardens-as-crypto-water-c... to see a Soviet water-based computer. I don't know the details of it, but it appears to be able to solve PDE's by mapping the PDE you're solving to a hydraulic system. Since the flow of water is governed by PDEs, once you've mapped the problem to the computer you can just make some analog measurements of water flow to get the answer you're looking for. (Is this right?) I have to wonder, thought, whether this is can really be called a computer. If you do, don't you also have to consider a simple integrator circuit one? Error correction must also be somewhere between a total PITA and impossible, right? Aren't the polyfills pretty good nowadays? Does anyone else find the code examples absolutely damning? Aside from not being cross-platform, VanillaJS is just plain ugly. Whoah, this sounds spectacular. Is it available in the States, besides BoA? Certainly some slippery slope arguments are good, though! For instance, suppose a terrorist starts demanding a large sum of money not to blow up a plane. Suppose also that the direct risk-corrected value of the plane, even excluding passenger lives, also exceeds the price the terrorist is asking for. We still make it policy not to negotiate with the terrorist, because doing so would create a positive feedback loop that pushes us down a slippery slope. When you think about it, it's a fairly insidious argument to say that slippery slope arguments should be rejected because they fall into a category of arguments that are subtle and hard to refute because they are so insidious. An amusing implied prior of the slippery slope fallacy is that once we start accepting valid slippery slope arguments, what's to stop us from accepting the really terrible ones that take the same structure? I find the most enjoyable form of argument is to listen to what your opponent is saying. Instead of poking holes in bad word choices or minor factual inaccuracies, reconstruct in your head the person's argument to be as strong and clear-headed as possible. Then refute that argument, which is probably closer anyways to what the person was thinking than what they actually wrote. Going all out against someone's point of view does have its uses, of course. But it's never good for genuine intellectual exploration (which is, honestly, often not our real goal in confronting someone). I recall a good pg opinion somewhere that reflects a sort of inverse of this point. We should reject abstract categories for our identities because once we do define ourselves by them, we start reconstructing our thoughts and beliefs to actually fit the stereotype for that abstract category. Much better to focus on the actual specific beliefs without committing to a tribal identity, both for your sake and so that other people are less likely to commit the submitted article's fallacy against you. Well, I'd say there's a continuum of honesty. And intellectual generosity tends to beget intellectual generosity in the other person--and, for thoughtful undecided onlookers, makes them more amendable toward considering your side. For instance, speaking from both sides of the experience, someone who is engaged but being sniping or nasty in a political debate might well see that you're giving their point an honest go of it and in response clean up their act. And even if they're lost beyond all hope, there's only a limited amount of fun to be had in poking holes in the small without really addressing their motivating concern. Sounds great! Except all too many parents are incapable of being responsible for their own kids, either out of apathy or economic inability. So when you do that, a perfectly well-meaning but stretched family might decide to, say, live in a house with heavy lead contamination. Which, aside from the heavily detrimental effect on the kids, has very large externalities, as children who have been exposed to lead in high concentrations are much more likely to become criminals. Increasingly not, though. The US has always lagged behind other Western countries in union membership, and although most countries have seen a decline, in the US it's been particularly severe. Perhaps worse, that decline has been much stronger in the private sector: the only places unions really have seen any even moderate victories in recent decades is either public workers or in artificial markets created by the State (such as California's homecare workers). Culturally there's a big difference, too. While in Europe unions and corporations tolerate and even co-operate with each other (German companies have, I believe, half of their board members controlled by labor unions), in the USA they are very antagonistic. Either because of that or causing that, most unions in the USA are effectively nominal with no real power. "The undergraduate class had a minimum of 250 students and possible cheating was discovered in roughly half the take-home exams, university officials said Thursday.... 'Looking at the students we have and the work that they do, I would be loathe to say this is something that represents Harvard students generally.'" Uh huh. I don't know how this makes me feel. Should I be upset, because a company aims to purposely lie to the public? Should I be happy, because any sufficiently large organization will inevitably make stupid mistakes like this one? Or should I be terrified, because it's likely that better-done versions of shit like this is done by supposedly trustworthy corporations and governments every day? Some people attach epic importance to their karma ratings, and making a comment opens them up the possibility of downvotes? Not that criticizing GNU is at all verboten at HN, though, so your point still stands. Misdiagnose your hypothyroidism for months, only testing you once you've done your own research and pointed it out to them, and then signing their name to a piece of paper and getting you to sign your name to a large check? The point isn't that life meant never having to work. To make a stylized sketch of it: life, or identity, is increasingly made more legible to the State. Legibility of information is the backbone of state power(1), moreso than even violence or popular support. Legibility of identity is therefore granting the state more power over the individual, which further undermines human autonomy by making the ability to live dependent on remaining in the good graces of the State, by paying our dues and contenting ourselves within the all-encompassing social system that develops. (1)For instance, the first recorded use of writing is not typically for poems or liturgy but for tax documentation for imperial states. Eh, I'm not sure. It's pretty clear what's in Romney's returns at this point (a lower than average income tax rate, though it's hard to say whether it's closer to 5% or 15%), so I don't see a huge downside risk for him in them being released. If they upped their demands to, say $10 million, we're talking about real money, even for Mitt. Enough to get an extra percent of the vote or so in a moderate sized state. Unless there's something genuinely illegal in the returns, a couple days of renewed interest in them might be preferable to giving up a bit of money at the margin (though, paid media is fairly well saturated now, so it might not be that useful). From Romney's point of view, too, there'd be no guarantee that paying 10 million would prevent them from being released. There's no accountability for the Anonymous. With 1 million, though, it's just a no brainer. That said, I doubt they have anything. Reeks of BS to me. I recall it being couched in words about overall tax rate, though, not income tax rate. Which would give him enough wiggle room if push comes to shove. I misspoke: it's not that Romney pays a lower average income tax rate, but pays a lower average federal tax rate, including payroll. For most people, income taxes make up a negligible part of that total tax burden. I doubt the charitable giving would be a problem, and I'm also skeptical of the "Romney took a tax amnesty in 2009" theory. At this point I think it's mostly bull-headedness: Romney thinks no one has a right to see his private financial information, and he's sticking by that, come hell or high water. One strategy would be to have stolen a bunch of returns from a dozen (well-known?) individuals and then have them confirm that privileged information was taken. Wouldn't entirely prove it to the public because it could be some kind of clever conspiracy, but taking it to a large enough size would make it fairly plausible. That's the only way I can think of to get around relying on PWC or the Romney campaign for confirmation. Even from a purely self-interested perspective ignoring the illegality and immorality of breaking into someone's private information, the Democratic campaign most definitely doesn't want any release of tax returns tainted. What would be ideal for them is if Romney overreacted and released them on his own to pre-empt their release. As a second best alternative, if everyone just forgot about this anonymous criminal and someone plausibly unrelated released them later on. Any release by this guy would result in a conversation centered around the release itself, not the tax documents. You're speaking inaccurately. People in the middle 20% paid an effective rate of 15.5 percent. And trying to add in corporate tax rates is a bit-too-clever slight of hand. Dietitian is the word you're looking for. As to why the skepticism: the most successful sciences have immediate feedback mechanisms to tell you when you're doing something right. Changing diet and food, however, is slow in effect, hard to monitor, and differs a lot from person to person. Some things are obviously bad--drinking a lot of coke, for instance, and not purposely eating after you're full--but beyond that most things appear to have worked decently for someone at one point or another. So the people in the know have stuck with one set of beliefs for awhile (heavily pushed by the government, which in turn has pretty much acted at the dictates of certain agricultural powers) while alternatives work as often as the party line. Frighteningly ambitious, indeed. I fear it will fail, but I wildly hope it succeeds. Least I can do is add myself to your mailing list... The author responded in the comments: "@sep332 @Mateus Carruccio, idle powertop doesn't change after the customizations compared to the non-customized console. Starting a framebuffer web browser pops up 200 wakeups per seconds. Also I was surprised by how much the backlight influence this number : around 5w difference, and my wireless mouse 2-3w. " It appears it was originally at 15.2W with X and went to 9.98W in non-customized console. Sometimes people take half of Econ 101 and really run wild with it. Labor markets are notoriously not ones that can be explained by simple application of the "law" of supply and demand. There are massive uncertainties in knowledge on both sides, power dynamics, high transaction costs, and substantial difficulties in knowing how much and of what type of value the employee will offer to the organization and the organization to the employee. And even theoretically there are plenty of models where you're totally out there. Google monopsony and labor markets for just one situation where raising a minimum wage should increase employment. Empirically, "it depends" seems to be the right answer, but even the most negative studies on minimum wages don't claim that minimum wages are in effect within an order of magnitude or two of what the financial crisis did to employment rates. Not to diverge too much from the article (which should be about expectation of privacy rights) and get into politics and moral philosophy, but people in Bangladesh could just as well be like "quit using your lightbulbs to violate our property rights." It's not a matter of whose "rights" are going to be violated, it's a matter of configuring property rights to improve human well-being. I think what's truly revolutionary is that it helps blur the line between those categories. This is a very relevant and timely essay: http://jacobinmag.com/2012/08/china-in-revolt/ Extremely interesting, especially if you enjoy reading left perspectives on global labor issues. The tldr of it is that Chinese workers aren't simply exploited, culturally-destined to obedience, and at the mercies of Western oligarchs and do-gooders: they're actively molding and negotiating their own rights and fates, though they still face their own unique challenges. Well, underpaid by what metric? If each Chinese laborer produces $100/day in profit but only gets paid $10/day, morally they're being underpaid. And the fact that so many companies are still moving operations to China is itself evidence that on average more profit is allocated to capital holders when they use Chinese labor over, say, Californian. But even if you take liberal/market ideology at face value, they're still being underpaid. To have a free market you've got to have free people. If you agitate for more workplace protections or (god forbid) try to start an independent labor union, getting shot or sent to a prison camp in the far western provinces of China isn't out of the question. This decreases labor's bargaining power relative to what it would be in a free market, which decreases wages. Out of curiousity, have people done this study about tech workplaces, particularly in the Bay Area? If it's incredibly trivial to prove, I'd be surprised if it hadn't. (I'd be equally surprised if it had been attempted and shown no age discrimination--it'd push against my priors, but I'd try to keep an open mind.) In reality, I suspect it's much harder than you suggest to prove, and even harder to litigate on. Just to be clear... that's a good thing, right? =) What would be potential startups in this space? Besides the obvious "fleet of driverless cars that drive people places." It will be revolutionary, and Google is only going to get a plurality of the profit that comes from it. Most people? I'd say when I've done it, it's been about 50/50 on the lazy asshole/unknowingly split. Am I particularly bad on this? (It's been rare in general, I've got to add--maybe once every year or two). I'm guessing that, like in other Western countries, medical and retirement benefits are the large plurality/majority of the budget. Not purchases of electronics or other line items. It's akin to a software company buying $400 Dells and a single monitor to work on to "save money." So, there are some claims here that should be made explicit... 1) Some people get benefits undeservedly. 2) People will often rationalize after the fact to say that they deserved to get those benefits. 3) Women are people, so sometimes women will get benefits undeservedly but lie to themselves after the fact by thinking that they deserved it. All certainly true. But I'd like to offer another claim: 4) Men are people, so sometimes men will get benefits undeservedly but lie to themselves after the fact by thinking they deserved it. Is 4) unlikely, particularly relative to 3)? How likely do you think it is that you might be deceiving yourself in the same way, about the relative benefits of being a man versus being a woman in tech? In my experience, mixed-gender workplaces are a far better environment than the alternative. Last team I worked on was 40% female on the engineering side, and it was an absolute pleasure. Skills and productivity weren't disproportionately on one side or another, either. Particularly, as a grown-up with a family, I appreciate the salutory effect that women have on subduing frat-house atmospheres. You probably find fewer women who think of themselves as rockstar ninja pirate hackers, but I'm pretty sure that's not a bad or uneconomic thing. Thanks for sharing that website... it's a pity that it's only Apple, but that itself is pretty awesome! I support loosening immigration requirements... but another complimentary option would be for tech companies to raise wages. Why not do that? I'd say neither--it's just after the first couple document.createElement, you're driven to the brink of insanity. No one chooses that kind of torture, smart or dumb. jQuery has two big benefits for me: cutting down on verbosity a bit, and on making a cross-browser solution possible. For the latter various polyfills solve the problem effectively, but the verbosity problem still remains. It's not clear that it is more socially unacceptable to say something like "dumbblack"... the workplace he was at essentially said that to him repeatedly for months, while he had a single rant on a webpage. But if you look at the breakdown of Hacker News comments, it's pretty clear where most people's sympathies lie. Get a performant IE6 running inside Chrome, and I'd pay good money for that. I wouldn't really call Oracle a better place... A point I'd make is that we don't know how their internal processes are set up. There's definitely a bad actor somewhere, but it probably isn't the people you talk to. Pretty much everyone universally reports that these aren't skilled workers. They're given a script, and they read it out. Their job is to deal with branches effectively and direct the conversation back on the script. They've been told that the person they're talking to has a virus--as reported by the company's skilled team of real elite computer gurus who claim to have fancy degrees from IIT or something--and they're apprentices who have the ability to help out those poor souls who probably have actually been downloading viruses of one sort or another. There's no reason for them not to believe that the procedure that they've been given is something that will help their marks. The list of phone numbers? They definitely don't generate that themselves. I can imagine a workflow that insulates them from anything that reveals that they're pawns in a scam. Combine that with the fact that the job is probably relatively decently paying and "white collar" and the natural human aversion to thinking that you're doing a bad thing, and we've got an explanation. Modern companies rely on abstraction as much as they can. If you build a service oriented architecture for your company, you decouple the explicitly evil part of what you do that requires a uniquely sociopathic personality from the more banal customer service oriented part that can be fulfilled by commodity labor. This is one of those cases where a story fits very cleanly into a pre-existing narrative. It's a useful exercise in those cases to try to stretch your mind and figure out what parts might be being left out. No, no knowledge of the incident beyond the article, but Sweden is hardly a Harrison Bergeron society. I think "hypocrisy" is the sought after word. Ah, yes. People raised in non-white cultures, after they end up in a place with relative status and luxury, never take a year off. After all, they're all diligent workers who have no need for such bourgeois goods as self discovery and me time. Well, this seems like one of those social problems where a technical solution might be available. 1) Figure out the number of students taking course n. 2) For the first assignment, figure out the number of questions m you want. 3) Make a question bank of size M. 4) Satisfy the constraint n 5) You now can uniquely identify uploaders via the set of answers they upload. If you're willing to kick people out of the class and mark them as cheaters, you can now do so without worrying they're trying to frame someone else. This can be refined--maybe make it so that the question bank is large enough that several people conspiring will be unable to randomly generate a sequence of questions that's been given to a real person, so they can't randomly screw people for shits and giggles. You could also make the questions differently phrased, making it harder to Google them. Depending on how many cheaters there are, you can also just make a question bank that's large enough that any given question is unlikely to have been uploaded by a cheater, though that rapidly blows up the size of the necessary question pool if you do have a significant proportion of cheaters. Magical virus in freezer in Sweden that cures cancer. But... "Big business won’t stump up the £2million needed to fund the first stage of clinical trials, because there is no money to be made." People really just don't understand how pharmaceuticals work. There are piles and piles of evils in the industry that range from stupidity to misprioritization to valuing the dollar over human lives, but a couple million dollars of investment for an even unlikely cure for cancer is something most companies would jump at. Debian has done a lot, maybe the majority, of what makes Ubuntu possible? Debian is an actual nonprofit that can accept donations, while Canonical is a for-profit company to which you can only give voluntary payments masquerading as donations? Rare earth metals are, despite the name, not actually all that rare. They're fairly abundant in the Earth's crust and mantle. The reason they're more expensive than, say, iron, isn't that they're rare but they're rather difficult to purify from each other. They share the same outer shell electrons (s and d), and what separates them from each other is their f-shell electrons. Those, however, are buried inside the other shells. So their differences are largely driven by differences in atomic radius, differences which are small in chemical effect. Which is all to say that the cost of producing them wouldn't change too much in that scneario, even if you had access to a trillion tons of ore for free. I've got a question that I'd love for someone to provide feedback on. Is it the case that a multicore processor must have identical cores? Let's say there are three tasks, A, B, and C. C depends on A and B, but A is 4x as costly as B. Adding more cores doesn't get around that inherently sequential part, so because of overhead and cost considerations it isn't worth it to parallelize. This applies to most computational tasks: as you add more cores, the effect of the sequential part dominates more and more and you get decreasing benefits. But what if you have one beefy processor to deal with the heavily sequential parts, and a multitude of less impressive ones to deal with the easily parallelizable parts? Doesn't that give you the best of both worlds? Is it technically infeasible for some reason? Your critique of rmc is a bit of a Catch-22: if everyone can agree that it's unjust sexism, then it's just making it "easy and risk-free so more people join." More controversial examples than that, though, and you'd see a bunch of people arguing it's not Really Sexism(tm). To prove the point, here's some actual struggles against sexism. Racism will have to wait for another day. 1) Rape culture. A large proportion of women are the objects of nonconsensual sexual encounters. People make excuses for this, saying that it was not "legitimate rape" or arguing that lots of women "rape easy." Note that this isn't a super odd or rare occurrence pushed by hillbilly conservative legislators but happens in the highest seats of power, from candidates on the Presidential ticket trying to pass legislation only providing protections for "forcible rape" to the New York Times saying a gang-raped 11 year old child was sort of asking for it. 2) Access to healthcare. Many women are not covered for even the most basic protections. In some areas, a hospital is allowed to refuse access to abortions for women who have been raped or are victims of incest. While men have for ages been given insurance coverage for Viagra and baldness treatments, it was only recently that it was mandated that women should get coverage for birth control, to much wailing and gnashing of teeth. Probably worse of all, it's become incredibly difficult in many areas to get even a first trimester abortion. Those legislators banning abortion, I'll point out, are the same ones minimizing rape and opposing laws that enforce against gender discrimination in the workplace. 3) The glass ceiling and sexism in the workplace. Yes, they're real, and just because it's a bit more subtle than disallowing women to own property or making it legally impossible for a husband to be subject to legal penalties for raping his wife (which in the USA only ended in 1993) doesn't mean that they're not sexism. 4) Sexism in the home. People love to point out that women are more likely to have jobs than men now and more likely to have a degree, sometimes in an attempt to say "well aren't men the oppressed ones now?" But on top of those responsibilities, women still do a disproportionate amount of the housework in opposite-sex coupled homes. You might laugh and say "well what's 15 minutes of work extra a day, it's nothing compared to not being able to own property" but that kind of thing is deeply pernicious. I'm sure you can also point out places where men are screwed by sexism in our society. And you know what? Those suck too, and everyone should oppose them just as much as sexism against women. Literature has intrinsic value. Good literature has more intrinsic value than bad literature. Ulysses is even better than typical good literature. That's all the justification it needs. If you disagree with the first premise, you shouldn't read it. Being well-read and cultured is dying as a signifier of cultural superiority or as a topic of social conversation, so those utilitarian purposes really don't hold. But if you appreciate the intrinsic value of writing, then Ulysses is one book worth reading. Why over other books? It's a very textured, complicated book: figuring it out is great if you enjoy puzzles, and it's deep enough to survive multiple readings. (Just read it once, and it was great, but it's definitely not a quick beach read.) Someone was working on a hypermedia version of Ulysses a couple years back. Unfortunately, copyright issues and the Joyce estate killed the project. The scientific debate over climate change is only not "settled" in the sense that scientists still debate the particularities of climate models. It is settled in the sense that it is known that anthropogenic carbon emissions are a major driver of global surface temperatures. I'm sympathetic to much of your comment. But I'm pretty skeptical that the solution to problems in American federal government is to make our federal government more similar to California's state government by adding term limits. That simply shifts power from individual legislators to unelected party apparatchiks. The great irony is that many people trumpeting the value of meritocracy are otherwise very well-acquainted with Hayekian arguments and public choice. Having a true meritocracy is impossible if you take public choice and Hayek seriously. We don't have all the knowledge necessary to set up a truly objective and universal system for sifting the chaft from the wheat, or even an idea of how to frame that knowledge. And even if we did have that ability, the people and institutions that the meritocracy is embedded in would twist that meritocracy and pervert its original aims. It's obvious when stated, but if you suggest that patriarchy or white supremacy might be undermining some imagined meritocracy, you're some kind of bitter idiot who is just looking for reason to complain. I get that this is supposed to be comedic satire. But it really does have the ring of truth to it. All of those ideas are certainly good things. But even if they managed to decrease the eduction budget to $0, that wouldn't make a dent in government deficits (in the USA, at least, and I suspect elsewhere). They're driven primarily by unfunded entitlement spending and to a lesser extent by the military budget. That's optimistic. There are plenty of quacks out there who claim to cure cancer using things like "black salve," which regularly causes permanent disfigurement and sometimes death. (Googlers beware.) After going down a rat hole of implementing a cross browser file input recently, with transparent overlays and special iframes and all that jazz... definitely will be looking to use filepicker in my next project that needs it. Why should the government preemptively keep tabs on anyone? Should the EPA and HUD be able to place sleeper agents in right wing community organizations to monitor them? Should pro-secessionist historians have their phones bugged and be trailed because they don't believe in the legitimacy of the federal state? Aside from that general principle, there's also the reality of how its implemented. Most of the time sleeper agents are used to get evidence for trumped up, meaningless charges like "interstate travel with intent to riot." That's the best case scenario. At worst, these agents, on not finding something of even minor note, will attempt to incite violence to prove that "those anarchists have really been violent all along." See, for instance, Brandon Darby. Edited to add: I do, for the record, think that if there's actual evidence that someone's trying to blow up a bridge, monitoring is appropriate (though I don't see why simply arresting them wouldn't usually be sufficient if that were the case). But usually these things are more fishing expeditions than anything, against people whose ideology the State finds distasteful. To be fair, pretty much anything you do in Pakistan can get you drone bombed, even if it's as simple as going to a wedding party or working in a hospital. Here's a slightly OT question, for politically inclined folks: How likely would you be to look at a site that on election day scrapes election results as they come in from various swing states, and extrapolates the state result by projecting each county individually from already reported precincts? Obvious some assumptions about precinct homogeneity and turnout implicit in that, but it'd provide at least some value over the raw results ("OMG with 5% of the vote in, Obama's leading by 20 points in Ohio!") FiveThirtyEight definitely doesn't do this, or hasn't in the past, it least. It models via demographics and polling, while this would be a much simpler model basing its predictions on already reported results. Romney, it bears repeating, has an utterly conventional and mainstream take on economics. This isn't Keynes versus Hayek (or Minsky or Marx or etc.), here. It's Keynesian with one set of tuned parameters versus Keynesian with some slightly differently tuned parameters. Romney would also be pushing more stimulus via deficit-funded tax cuts, thereby increasing aggregate demand. So you could just as well say that Romney is the Keynes-side in this election, especially since the politics would be much more favorable toward Romney pushing stimulus than Obama. In practice, you've got to look at what model of the world is motivating candidates and their economic advisers. In both cases, Keynes is whom they turn to. Hmmm. I'm curious: if it turned out that private ISPs in China were blocking the NYTimes of their own volition, would that make it okay? I don't think this is solid reasoning. The amount of energy in a system may well dwarf a given input, but that doesn't mean that the system doesn't have multiple equilibria that a sufficiently large delta could shift it to. For example, the energy to fly a plane into the sky is small compared to what's released in a rainfull, but that doesn't prevent cloud seeding from being (somewhat) effective. The energy from a lit piece of magnesium is much smaller than what results from touching it to a thermite block. It is of course the responsibility of the pro-nuke-on-hurricane folks (do they even exist?) to offer the mechanism that a nuke uses to shift the hurricane system to a lower energy state in a controlled manner. On that point, I've been chided by my partner for having a crappy job in the Bay Area--one which offered plentiful opportunities for career progression, paid in the top quintile of one of the highest paying areas in one of the highest paying countries in the world, and which didn't have hours that were too ridiculous. That's the real danger of moving to a career-center like SF or NYC: the people who end up here score very highly on the getting their shit together in their 20s scale. Thing is: she was right. Even though I was excelling at number 1) on the original post's three points, I wasn't super happy. And so I've moved from that to what I worry he might consider just dicking around. But it's absolutely 100% for the best. I'm amused by the idea that Chomsky is somehow some kind of dunce when it comes to science but a brilliant thinker when it comes to politics. At least with either claim individually, I can conceive of who might say that, even while thinking they're radically wrong (no pun intended). But the idea that Chomsky's political "contributions" somehow dwarf his contributions to science? That seriously floors me. 'The new abortion-absolutism says it should be "ubiquitous, easy, and subsidized"' Must... resist... politics... Okay, I can't resist. No one in elected office has said that they want to subsidize abortion. They probably should (at least for early term ones), but the fact is they don't. Nor has anyone ever argued that abortions should be "ubiquitous." Seriously: can you provide a statement from anyone, ever, who says that every woman should be forced to get abortions? Lastly: "easy." Okay, this is probably a position genuinely and widely held throughout the Democratic Party. Abortions should be easy: you shouldn't have to go through three doctor's appointments, have a rod shoved into your vagina, and be yelled at and have your picture taken and posted online when you go to a clinic for a legal procedure. That's an accurate statement of an actually-held position, but that position is hardly beyond the pale. Eh, I think that analogy falls flat. Both sides want "change," and both sides broadly want change taken from their respective playbooks in the 2000s, the 1990s, and even the 1980s. What makes politics difficult isn't that people don't want to iterate on government, but that people have radically different product visions. One wants to make an enterprise CRM, and the other wants to make a microblogging site for cats. That naturally leads to massive dysfunction, as you end up somewhere in the middle and people cynically playing cough politics for internal advancement since everyone's stuck in the same place with no hope for real vision or resolution. Side channel attacks always strike me as the coolest. How practicable is this? You've got to be on the same physical machine for this to work. Is that easily engineered for, say, EC2? Even if you can't control whether on you're the same machine, is it possible to get any information on the VMs that you're sharing it with? Hmm. My impression has always been that industrial policy did a whole lot to set the stage for the East Asian Tigers to come up like they did. The government and companies involved certainly think so. (Then again, they would, wouldn't they?) At the very least, it seems that governments proactively favoring companies whose profitability lies in investing for high productivity work instead of labor intensity or natural resources tends to pretty compatible with decent outcomes. Perfection is meaningless when it comes to material goods. They're always a means to an end. Dustin would probably argue that finding a well-designed product is a better means to the end (of forming relationships, living, loving, friends, experiences, adventures). It's a plausible point, but it's empirically wrong. No one in the history of the world has ever gone, "the one thing I regret most is not spending 40 hours researching to find the perfect set of flatware." Following this advice is difficult for me. I usually find it very difficult to not do the same: obsessing over the best bed sheets, the best cutting boards, the best computer, the best Linux distribution, the best jeans, the best bike, the best books, the best newspaper, the best way to cut onions, the best suit, the best $MATERIALGOOD. Because of a recent housing disaster, I lost virtually everything. It has been very liberating. All those hours spent obsessing over stupid shit? Worthless. The friends, family, and relationship that helped me get through it? Worth everything. A shopping list, Target, Ikea, and Amazon can get you everything you need to live a materially comfortable life in 10 minutes. Everything else is just a means to playing an unwinnable status game. If anything, interference in Chinese domestic matters would solidify the ruling oligarchy's dominance.