That would be super frustrating. Is there just no recourse for sites like this? I assume they are hosted overseas, but do hosts not respond at all to complaints? I would be curious what variance of load would be required for this type of auto scaling to be worth the time vs just putting your own bare metal in a colocation facility or leasing dedicated boxes. The price performance is so much higher on dedicated. Or for that matter, using reserved instances instead of scaling with spot prices. That is my experience as a technical cofounder. If your partners don't have the marketing or sales chops, you will live in a constant world of blame where they are waiting on you to complete the product. If only you could figure out how to do that last big feature, we could sell it... This customer says they will buy if it can do this... I think this is a very common refrain in small startups. If the business side can't sell it, it must be that the product isn't good enough yet. Unless you own 100% of a company, it isn't really ethical to give yourself a discount or freebies. And wouldn't be legal unless handled correctly with the tax man. Even hedge funds aren't zero sum. They receive dividends on the investments they hold which is a return that is not zero sum. Of course, the more active a fund is, the farther it gets from zero sum, but it would never be fully zero sum. Additionally, financial services overall are far from zero sum. There is a great deal of efficiency and market lubrication created by financial services and if you exclude the high frequency traders, you leave a huge majority that is still quite beneficial to people on both sides of the transaction. No, I didn't say there are exceptions. I said MOST financial services are NOT zero sum. The zero sum ones are the exception. I'm grateful there are people out there willing to push past what is "allowed" by review boards and regulatory agencies. Some of the data provided may be dubious, but if it weren't for unsafe, seat of the pants DIYers out there willing to take risks, I think we would be in a much less advanced world. That might not be the case if it weren't for all the fakes dragging prices down. Same reason a 32GB iphone costs hundreds more for the next level of storage. And why 64gb is pretty much the largest offering. 64gb isn't enough? Pay for more icloud storage. Yet you can buy a 128gb sd card for $30. I wish that image included La Danta at El Mirador in Guatemala. It is possibly the 2nd largest by volume after the one in Cholula. Although because neither are excavated, there seems to be disagreement on which is larger. An 8 hour work week is definitely something I can get behind. People don't like to hear it, but some of the biggest perpetrators were lower level employees at mortgage mills that were lying on mortgage applications and putting false information on them to get them approved. While in some cases it may be that the executives were specifically instructing employees to lie on this way, most likely they were just being far too overzealous and putting too much pressure on the employees. Additionally, people who lied on their mortgage applications were also to blame. Then of course at the top on the securities side, there were those that knew about these shady practices but went ahead anyway. So ya, some execs should be on jail probably, but even more low level sales guys and sub prime borrowers should as well. Yes, I have. But I think the job never running at all is the problem I am trying to avoid. If the cron didn't fire or if the entire command just failed, or if maybe the server was offline when the cron was supposed to fire, a check after the job is finished would never happen. Yes, he doesn't invest in indexes himself, but it isn't just for the little people. He recommends it for his family. The big secret to Buffet's success is not his picking ability, it is his management ability and good business sense. Yes, of course he does pick to an extent, but he also buys large enough positions to sit on the board and install the right people to make things happen. He also uses his already large portfolio to help create opportunities between the companies he owns. It's unlikely even Buffet himself could replicate his initial stock picking success over a long period of time and he would be the first to admit that. It previously came through the MWS order API. My custom order management software would pick it up. So you could only get it if you have a professional account. However, I believe that amazon has discontinued the practice of giving out phone numbers as of early 2014 to sellers due to some idiot sellers harassing their customers. But if you have someone's name and address, there is a decent change you can find it by googling their name. Especially if they have a land line. edit: Yes, I also logged in just now and it does in fact show phone numbers. Not sure why I stopped picking them up through the api. They may have changed the field name. Also, it is strange that there are multiple complaints about not being able to see buyer phone numbers any longer in the seller forums. I think maybe they went away for a time and are back. Feel free to email me at derek (-at-) stonebrookdesigns.com You can bring it on the Ola E if you bought it in the airport. So you can't take a bottle of water through security check, but you can take a note 7. Except Sam was the real deal. Even after he had hundreds of stores, he flew himself around in a single engine Cessna to check up and work with his managers. When they had annual corporate meetings with all the executives and managers, everyone received a box of walmart deli fried chicken for lunch. The culture was always to save on frivolity and pass the savings on. Even today, corporate headquarters are rather spartan. Mostly inside old converted store buildings. First thing to note here is that the IRS does not care about what states your offices are in or whether you have a physical presence or not in those states. If the accounting firm told you this, I would seek a second opinion from an individual, but skilled and experienced CPA. The IRS is only concerned with federal taxes. They do not deal with any individual state laws. Second, if it is a pure SaaS product, I am yet to see anyone anywhere in the US charging sales tax. Most states specifically do not tax services which includes SaaS. This article breaks down a few... http://blog.taxjar.com/saas-sales-tax/ You will note that there are some that require taxes and if you have employees in some of those states, you might take a look. Thirdly, as an example, the laws in the state of California state that if a certain percentage of your work force are in the state, then you would need to register and file income taxes in that state. I had a US based SaaS startup with remote employees in multiple and firms were always trying to raise concerns about how we needed to file income tax in every state we did business. It would have been an enormous undertaking and is just not necessary. Lastly, you probably do not have enough presence in the US to be considered having a tax nexus. My unofficial advice is don't worry about it. Accountants are like attorneys in that they are very conservative in the advice they give. No one is going to come after a small company like yours for not paying a portion of your income to their state because you have 2 or 3 remote employees there. The IRS is not going to try to get you to pay income tax if you don't have a big presence in the US. There is a 99.9% chance you will never be contacted by any of these agencies. And if you are, the worst that will happen is they will review your situation and try to get you to pay back taxes. After which you can hire a good firm to negotiate that away or down considerably. The IRS and especially state governments have very little jurisdiction on entities based outside the US. Things may change in the future, but for now, there is very little specific law on the books that would obviously require that you start filing and paying taxes all over the US. We went with a synthetic crystal/man made diamond that is simply beautiful and was cheaper than a moissanite yet is quite a bit closer to the fire and refraction index. The key is to spend the money on the band. The quickest trick that jewelers use to spot a fake is a cheap band. No one puts an expensive diamond in a cheap plated band. We had a custom platinum and 14k yellow gold band with pave diamonds and it is stunning. My wife gets compliments literally daily. I am quite confident that even a professional jeweler or gemologist would not be able to tell with the naked eye that this is not a real diamond. Add to that, the majority of the cost for the band was the raw materials which we paid spot price for. You could literally melt it down and get most of the value out of it. Additionally the companies that sell the higher end synthetics offer lifetime warranties and in our case, even a replacement for a lost stone with a deductible. I've never seen a finished well take much land at all. For most 600 acre sections of land, even multiple wells on that land would take up an acre or two at most. Fracking itself takes more space just to bring in the equipment and water tanks. But after it is fracked, at most there is a "christmas tree" and a few water tanks. As for the extra space for fracking, most states require returning the land back to how it was before after the few month process of fracking is done. But then of course, that license is only valid while you are a student. So after the class, you might as well have just pirated it since either way, you are breaking the license. Exactly. I don't need a 3d printer to build my own cable driven wrist actuator. I just need to print a beefed up version of that weak hinge you included because you spent so much time building a fancy 3d model in solidworks that you forgot to test your final creation in real world conditions. You aren't aware of the common refrain in academia, "snitches get stitches"? He says that, but the way he explains it, it sounds like they just didn't have an overdraft limit on his account. To me, there isn't much difference in doing what he did and grabbing a handful of money out of an open cash register because no one is watching it. Now if he got a letter in the mail saying they had extended him a huge loan, that would be different. Sounds to me like this guy never really took responsibility for his actions. He seems to be trying to justify his actions by calling it a loan, but I've never heard of a loan where the bank tells you that you can just start over drafting your account and let it go negative, then pay us back later. In the case of hyperinflation, it doesn't matter much. When cash on hand loses half it's value in a month on a regular basis, virtually no one will keep more cash than is needed for purchases and will spend all of it the day they are paid if possible. I believe this practice is no longer allowed. But of course is still happening. I actually think it is a very good idea for most. I have plenty of money but I generally sweep most into various accounts and keep a minimal amount in my checking. On occasion things will miss and I might write a bad check. If the bank doesn't cover it, then you could accidentally write a hot check, which can actually be a felony. So I am happy to pay the bank $35 for my mistake on occasion if not just to avoid the possibility of someone turning my bad check in to the prosecutor. I use it in occasion but have never really thought of it as a line of credit because there is no interest, rather a flat $35 fee. I find it to be useful. Sometimes I miss a deposit and one of my checks takes me in the negative. The overdraft protection keeps me from bouncing a check, which is a crime and you can have a warrant issued for your arrest. Are you sure about that? Do you have an example of someone getting prosecuted for posting security footage of someone breaking into their own home? Not a chance, whe there the footage is the front porch or the bathroom. It's all about expectation of privacy. You are not protected from invasion of privacy in a public place, because there is no expectation of privacy there. And I expect a jury would also find that there is no expectation of privacy when you break into someones home and use the bathroom or steal their phone/camera and take it to your own home. The fact that you lump the EU into one statement seems to indicate that you don't really know what you are talking about. In the UK it is explicitly legal to take photographs of people in public places without their permission as long as the act can not be construed as harassment (which is similar here). But I don't know about the many other countries in the EU, I suspect they all have their own laws as well. But I think the model has already been proven out with many millions of miles driven and very few accidents. The tech is here. It isn't mainstream, but it is here and it is better than humans in most conditions. Easy to see why quark lost. In design had full color, on screen layout with pictures while quark had this ugly, difficult to use mess that put boxes with Xs in them denote where your picture would be and had some weird feature to show a terrible reproduction of the image like a rendering that had poor performance and may have been black and white only if I can remember correctly. This was long after wysiwyg editing was extremely common place in consumer software. Well if you say so, it must be true. You do realize that he is talking about terminology for the general public? The names you are suggesting are just terrible. They don't sound good and are not even close to widely understood terms (no offense intended). Perhaps you are not a native English speaker? Ya, these prices that you see politicians touting are from the cheapest providers and hmo only. In the Los Angeles area, the closest gp was an hour away with a 30 day lead time to get an appointment if you go with the budget plan. For those that don't know, in an hmo, you have to go see your gp for a referral for everything. In grown tonail, go to gp when you know he will refer you to a podiatrist. With a ppo, you can go directly to the specialist. But ppo under aca are the "premium" plans. Silicon valley does not offer 9x the salary though. You also have to add into that the fact that almost everything is in fact more expensive in SV. Not 9x more, but groceries are nearly double what they would be in the midwest. Restaurants are more than double for similar quality. So the other living expenses being the same would not be the case I think. I like mailgun, but I am having a devil of a time with them sending to MSN and aol addresses. Basically 0 deliverability. And their tech support is going on 4 days without looking at my ticket. But maybe it's not their fault. Thanks, that will be a useful tool. I use f.lux. Cuts out most of the blue spectrum. But being a night owl is not the only reason I get more done. No one bothers me at midnight. No one calls or texts or emails. I'm left to my own thoughts. Add to that the fact that people have been describing themselves as night owls since before electric lighting was invented, I don't think that is a full explanation. I have total blackout curtains in my rooms. My circadian rhythm has no idea if it's 12 noon or 12 midnight. I don't think anything magical happens to make it unhealthy for me to wake up at 9 am Pacific time vs 9am eastern. If you exclude the position of the sun, then what bearing would chronology have? As long as you are on a consistent cycle with sufficient sleep, it wouldn't make any sense to think your body cares either way. To say otherwise would deduce that moving from one time zone to another forever puts you at odds with your circadian rhythm. I really like the site and the simplicity of your offering. What has been your main strategy for customer acquisition? I am always interested with a general use product like that what the best approach is. And how do you like drift? I ended up going with intercom with my site, but I like drift as well. Ya, I really don't see how they can justify displaying other people's content. They did the work, but they don't get the clicks or ad revenue or even a chance to keep the user on the site. I wonder how Google would like it if someone launched a site that when you search, it doesn't display results from its own database, but perhaps just a selection of the best results from Google. But is there really a small cohort of CRT nostalgics out there? I mean I get the records, the sound is unique and music is absolutely ubiquitous. Arcade gaming is a much smaller market and I find it hard to imagine that there are enough CRT purists out there to warrant a business. Especially considering a nice new OLED could be fashioned to look like a CRT. Let me just add my two cents, having gone both routes. The mantra you will hear all day long is exactly that... Wouldn't you rather have a smaller piece of a huge pie than a big piece of a small pie? But I would urge you to weigh things out. That first 7% is just the beginning. They will urge you to hire the best and brightest, time is of the essence. They will tell you not to worry about money, more VC money will flow. And then you find yourself with a big payroll and the need to raise another round, and then another, and then another. Before you know it, you've built the $100 million business you always wanted, but you aren't in charge any more and you own maybe 10 percent. Dilution happens faster than you realize. (Unless your growth is off the charts and you can negotiate amazing terms because VCs are falling over themselves to give you money, ala facebook.) At that point the question becomes, would you rather have a hundred percent of a $10 million business or 10 percent of a $100m business? I sure as heck would rather own all of the smaller business. You don't go to the board to ask for a raise, you don't hope for a liquidity event so you can get rich one day. You don't waste time trying to convince investors that you will succeed. You control your destiny. But to each his own. Maybe you would never be able to get to that $10m on your own. And maybe you would rather be known as the founder of something big. Nothing wrong with that. Just know that the headaches and distractions of going the VC route are legion. Thanks very much. That clarifies things for me. I had read in their literature that being able to send to lots of devices was one of the reasons, but doing so in your own code is not difficult. But after searching around the web to find out how, I am seeing a lot of people with inconsistent errors and bugs with their code, so I think that answers my question. I would also add that it appears SNS offers analytics on delivery rates for push notifications. Which I didn't think was possible since the Apple API doesn't seem to respond back with success or fail. You would think so, but taking into account fees, there are actually ZERO funds that beat the market over a 30 year period. You can research this on morningstar. Maybe there are some super secret private funds out there that beat the market over the long period (Madoff's fund was one of them). So ya, you would think they wouldn't stay in business, but marketing and complexity is powerful. Their best trick is to hold a ton of funds in their portfolio then show you the ones that have had a good run the last 10 years. Then of course a different ten in a few years. Hold enough assets in enough configurations and of course you will have some winners over shorter periods of time. But good luck guessing which ones. It is a trillion dollar industry but not for beating the market. It's for the fees they charge on assets under management. Why is amazon fighting this? There must be something more to the "good faith effort" than just that. What harm is there is offering the job to locals? If they aren't qualified, you don't hire them. And if they are, you hire them and are happy to have a local employee. It's almost that simple in the US if your situation is that simple. What happens in NZ if you make $400 selling vintage cabbage patch dolls on eBay? What if you earned $1k in returns on your investment account? What if you are renting your place out on Airbnb? If all you have is a simple income in the US, then the 1040ez is a single page and you can file it for free online if you make under a certain amount. You can pay a few dollars to file online if you make more. Obamacare has added an extra level of complexity now, but that is also very simple if you don't need or want the subsidy. But would you pay him $1,000 to do it? At some point, you would do it yourself. I think when people say they add no value, what they mean is, they don't add $35k of value on a $500k home purchase. Because you could hire a lawyer for a flat thousand bucks easily. Real estate agent is going to take 7 percent of the sale. So you get more qualified for way less money on most cases. Yes. They are a "tech" company. It's not breaking the law it's "disrupting". See Uber, Airbnb, etc. They're not screwing investors, they're "failing fast". It of course doesn't have hedge funds, which are black box. And Renaissance is the "blackest". I find it suspicious that the only funds with long term performance that "beats the market" are unpublished and secret. Madoff's fund was on of the few that beat the market consistently too. Ya, it definitely happens. But if the company didn't need to move on to raise more money (probably the biggest argument for YC is that it will be easier to raise more), I would question whether YC was really necessary in the first place. Was YC the only place you could have raised $100k? And if you were able to do it by raising only 100k, perhaps you could have done it without their money. The point isn't that the paper costs more water to print. The point is that drinking water is such a tiny miniscule part of water usage that it is ridiculous to waste time on it. It's all just for show so politicians can pretend they are doing something when they really should be regulating agricultural usage. The water used to water lawns, fill bathtubs, flush toilets, and shower with is less than 10% of water usage. So the drinking water you didn't drink from your glass is a fraction of a percent of that 10%. You would probably serve the public good more by encouraging them to drink water by putting it out by default. Thus increasing water intake and decreasing sugary drink consumption. Just subpoena it? Under what authority? Amazon is WA based. Unless there is some sort of physical Nexus in MI, how do you enforce a subpoena? MI state police can't show up at Amazon headquarters and start siezing assets, it doesn't work that way. It's not Amazon's problem that it's customers aren't following state law. And MI has no authority to require an outside company to comply any more than they could force Alibaba to collect MI state sales tax. Note that I don't know if Amazon has facilities in MI or not, but there are plenty of states where they dont. It's complicated but it's been solved already. There are already services that keep the tax tables up to date and issue the funds to the respective districts for a small fee. Amazon will use one of these services like everyone else will. So you either don't buy much online, buy only from one place (that can provide a nice end of year report), or hire a bookkeeper to keep track of it, because the burden of calculating use tax otherwise would be extremely high. So are you saying that you log all of your online purchases, filtering out those that already witholdings tax and remit use tax? Because for me, the burden of keeping track of that would be rather high. That's nothing. Try setting up a booth at a union staffed convention center. You can pay for electricity, but there is a separate fee for "plugging in" your device. It must be done by a licensed union electrician. No, I don't mean some special equipment with some wiring involved. I mean if you plug in your phone charger with a union electrician, he will still come out, unplug, replug it in, then charge you $65. Gotta round up to the nearest hour of course. On any individual product, Amazon makes more when they sell it, most likely. But the point is, that there are way more products sold by 3rd party than within Amazon. So in aggregate, they make more on 3p. Hmm, I've never heard that definition. Maybe "cloud hosting". But in general, "cloud" software just means hosted somewhere else and usually accessed via a browser or mobile app rather than with a local install. And that's why the individual Walton's are usually on the list. They usually occupy around 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th places. Usually they have other lists that include illegitimate wealth like drug dealers or royal families or corrupt politicians. And now evidence the the WSJ faked snapshots of videos to prove that ads were showing on offensive content: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lM49MmzrCNc Oh yes, time the market... That works so well for so many. If you have already submitted a sample, you will get a report. Since 23andme maps your whole genome, they simply compare the existing data as new finding are approved. OR if you are like some and signed up early before the FDA crackdown, you already got all this information and now they are just reappearing little by little. I don't understand why twitch can't easily nip this in the bud? I assume to comment you have to be a logged in user. Simply throttle comments per account and put tighter throttling on newer accounts. Am I missing something? I think the point for many is not a net money saved but a reshaping of the cost curve. I am ok spending a lot farther down the road to transfer everything off of AWS if I can spend almost nothing now. Because as a small business or startup, I don't have money now. But if I grow to the point that AWS becomes too expensive I can assume that I will have more money at that time so the cost of switching will hopefully not be too painful. That's because you or whoever setup your contract prepaid for the electrical plug in. A union electrician came and plugged in that power strip before you got there and added the $65 to your overall bill. The most frustrating part as a seller on Amazon is that they are taking severe action against sellers that receive complaints. I just got through a month long process of getting my account reopened after a suspension. All it took was a few complaints from a vindictive competitor. While they are harrasing long time sellers with years of positive feedback, they allow Indian and Chinese sellers to open accounts way faster than they can be closed for selling counterfeits. The model from the perspective of the counterfeiters is easy. Simply open an account, sell as much counterfeit goods as you can then get closed down due to complaints. Amazon then holds your money for 90 days in order to pay for any returns that may show up, but a good percentage of buyers will never know any better or won't bother to return. At the end of the 90 days, you collect the money that is left. In the mean time, you can open several seller accounts to keep the process rolling. If a part time Amazon seller can see exactly what is happening. There is no way that at least middle management at Amazon doesn't know exactly what is going on and that they are profiting immensely from it. Many scam sellers are extremely obvious. Why would Amazon allow Indian sellers to list hundreds of American textbooks for sale that ship from Amazon? The most frustrating part is to be harrassed incessantly by the half wits in their "seller quality" department when all this is going on. But haven't you heard the VC driven truth that it takes one woman 9 months to make a baby... But 9 women can make a baby in one month. I would argue that productivity would increase and social stress would decrease. I can't think of any harmful effect of Facebook disappearing except for a few lost jobs. Somewhere on their site, they address this issue. It is part of the reason they are able to offer cheaper prices. By having to request the token first, then upload, this allows them to avoid using load balancers. The less equipment they have to have, the cheaper your storage can be. If I was a storage company, I would consider Plex a hot potato and would stay far, far away. There is a reason Plex isn't building out their own storage and the reason isn't cost. It's because they know that 99% of all the media their customers handle is pirated content. At some point, Plex will become large enough to get on the radar of the MPAA and at that point, I assume they will go after the cloud storage providers. I think inking a deal with Plex would be pretty obvious. I'm not sure where the line is for knowing that you are storing infringing content, but MEGA claims they didn't know what users were uploading. Ya, I don't think Plex would be necessarily at fault, although they could be susceptible to DMCA takedown notices. But a storage provider could get into deep trouble if they know tons of pirated content was being uploaded. Kim Dotcom claims MEGA had no idea if the content being uploaded was infringing. But I think that's the crux of the matter, although the article fails to hit the nail on the head. The marketing was completely misleading. The bags seem to be filled with prepared, liquid juice. You don't need a machine because they are just sending out Capri sun bags of juice. The machine is just a lie to make you think something is being prepared fresh. Ya, that's the real point. They are lying. If anything, it's full of pre-juiced chopped fruits and vegetables. I don't think his comment says that they failed because they chose the wrong trendy language. They are failing because they are too concerned about the language and the process rather than the result. I think one thing a lot of startups think is that they absolutely have to be able to attract the best and brightest. In 90% of cases, average level programmers can build your product just fine. Unless you are building for enormous scale or your product is using cutting edge technology, you simply don't need a bunch of programmers from the top 1% or even top 10%. In my company, we hire middle of the pack programmers for a bargain and use commonly known tech stacks. The customers will not know the difference. And yet, 99% of founders out there don't care about building a unicorn. It's just a handful in silicon valley doing anything they can to be the next big thing. Most entrepreneurs are happy building a good product that helps their customers while making a good living at it. I really hope that specific law comes into play. Especially since it seems to be used to justify not paying flight attendants until they are "officially" part of the crew. Chrome on both Android and Windows has been patched. It actually makes more sense for the already successful and wealthy to not be interested in outward appearance. They have no one to impress and nothing to gain by showing off. Your up and coming business man, however, may have some logical reasons to signal wealth. Either for networking purposes or convincing potential customers or partners that you are the type of successful person they might want to work with, conspicuous consumption can have its merits. Unless you are doing a TON of sending, you are better off with a shared ip since it will have a known reputation. That is assuming that the provider is maintaining the integrity of those allowed to send with that ip. I haven't used sendgrid, but mailgun has been good about moving me off of any ip I don't like. Although I wish they were more proactive about it, I have setup a weekly monitoring script to check a bunch of the blacklists. If there are any issues, I will have them move me. And I am still on the free tier so I can't complain. I'm sure he's right when you are building a one percenter company. But my team will likely never grow to a size that it will ever take on a life of its own outside my control. 5 engineers tops when we hit market saturation. Each new hire I make is more skilled than the last because I can pay more as time goes on. I just don't think research done from the perspective of the biggest tech company in the world has any relevance on 99.9% of small tech startups. Perhaps, but I actually think getting the best and brightest is more of a factor of having tons of VC money. In that case, you need to move as fast as possible, and every little bit helps. If you are building a niche business with limited TAM, you just don't need the top tier, assuming of course you aren't building something groundbreaking from a tech perspective. Yes, must be. Which really makes no sense as a seller when you can just sell your product FBA. Especially when you are the manufacturer and can control who you sell to. It seems that all their troubles would be solved by just selling themselves on Amazon as a 3p seller. This is exactly my stance. I pay my employees to help get stuff done. If they can get enough done in 1 hour a week to make it worth it for me, then so be it. If not, there is a line out the door of people who want to work remote and have that freedom and they will work harder for the same salary. To expect any more out of a salaried employee to me is childish and petty. Be an adult and make the calculation based on what the market will bear. If someone isn't producing quality work fast enough, talk to them and explain that they aren't earning their keep and either need to step up their game or prepare to exit ... and we can still be friends. I have spent too much time outperforming idiot cofounders who didn't do anything but watch me and complain that I didn't put in enough hours in the office regardless of the fact that I actually got things done and brought knowledge and experience to the table that moved things forward in a profound way. I don't have to work as hard as "you" now, because I spent my adolescence building saas businesses instead of playing sports from the time school was out until 3am every day. So I extend that same courtesy to anyone who can make things happen and I don't care how long it took you in the moment. I would like to see the details of how some of these cases have gone done. "company time" is a very fluid concept if you are being asked to stay late and deal with issues in the middle of the night on a regular basis during your "personal time" without offering overtime pay (that's illigal btw) which is something very common in startup culture. All of those things are true. As a 3p seller you have total control. But it's "tonewood" you can't just ignore the fact that they use "tonewood"!!! Exactly. When I heard the first accusations against Bill Cosby, I was skeptical. I thought "innocent until proven guilty". But then after accuser number 50 came around, I find the accusations very likely true. Even though there is no hard proof. Without proof you may still be innocent in the eyes of the law, but if I was a young lady, I sure wouldn't be anywhere around him alone. The nvme ssd drives are several times faster than the best sata ssd (sometimes 10x). Although I'm not sure you would be able to tell much difference. But loading up large virtual machines frequently might be a use case where a difference would be noted. There are quite a few benchmarks and real world comparisons on YouTube that seem to indicate significant improvement in some workloads. I'm curious to know what type of customer you have? My customer base is made up of quite a few less tech-savvy types and we get a lot of issues with spam for AOL and MSN accounts. And I don't show any bounces either. Stuff getting sent to spam doesn't give you a bounce message usually. It will appear to have been delivered successfully. As for needing to warm up the IP, I think there is still something to that. I am surprised you were able to just start right off sending large volume. My guess would be that that you lucked out and got a gently used IP address by chance. The fact that it was on a blacklist would indicate that it probably was previously used rather heavily... just enough to get blacklisted at one place. But not abused in a way that got it blacklisted other places. That's interesting. I have been using Plex for a few years now as my primary media source which means several hours of streaming use daily both at home and travelling and have never had any issue related to the Plex central server being down. Funny that he would say that. Co spidering the fact that a huge majority of ALL web based open source software seems to be PHP even today. You don't even need a drill press. You can do it rather easily with a jig and hand held router. And the jig usually comes with the 80 percent receiver. Luckily not a single anti gun politician has a bit of sense regarding guns or the disposition to ask an expert. Making the barrel the serial numbered and tracked portion of a gun would make it much more difficult to machine at home. Then they could just leave the 3d printer industry alone. I went to university with him in a rather liberal sub-program within the curriculum. You should see all the squirming and uncomfortableness he has created among the professors. Their claim is to teach free thinking and they just love to bring in past students who are successful and/or controversial like authors of books on how gender is just a social construct. But you can bet they haven't asked Cody to come present to the students. I've seen so many people stress about getting their credit card stolen or bank accounts hacked. It's rather ridiculous considering you don't bear the liability of a hack. If you didn't access or approve a usage of your accounts, the banks just give it back. I have had money stolen more than once from skimmers and I have never had any trouble getting it all back. I am a big fan of greenshot. It takes over the print screen button. You then draw a box around the area you want to capture and then you can select to copy to clip board or open it in the sketching portion or even upload direct to imgur where it then puts the URL of the file in your clipboard. Get an Ally account. Problem solved. I believe you get reimbursed for up to 10 withdrawals a month or so. I use the trackr skill. Advantage being that even if your phone is on silent, it will ring it. That takes it to an even higher level of fairness. So in comparison, slack is only billing for actual users AND only if those users are using slack. Asana bills for users that don't exist AND actual users whether they use it or not. I believe those that are using Plex with sonarr and radarr and a newsgroup sub have it just as convenient as Netflix except with way more content. After it's all setup of course. Yes, if you have between 5 and 10 users it's $75 a month. Ya, seems very simple. All they have to say is "up to 10 users". Not "per user per month". I don't think I buy the exclusion argument though. Seeing as I am specifically leaving out a few members of my team (contractors) just to get below the next tier. I'm sure asana has researched it endlessly and has tons of testing under their belt. But in my use case, they would be making more money if it was actually per user. I just wish this show was more realistic. Everyone knows you can't just fire the head of the FBI for investigating you. It would be way too obvious. No, the worst is when someone posts their bug and then others start asking questions or trying to figure it out, then the original poster says "thanks guys, I was actually able to figure it out". And doesn't post the solution!!! Just so infuriating. I really don't think it would be that hard to copy. There are plenty of fulfillment centers out there already that offer similar services, API and all. Walmart could simply buy them and integrate with their own warehousing network and have Amazon outmatched in terms of facilities in a rather short period of time. Amazon didn't invent the 3rd party warehouse idea. They were just the first 3p marketplace to offer it as an added value service. I'll wager it won't get crazy busy. The Texas court was letting anything and everything through. It won't take many summary judgements from courts in these jurisdictions before it is no longer profitable to troll. Districts like Delaware have a vested interest in being a business friendly place to file your corporation papers. They won't likely allow the district to become an easy place to file phoney patent suits. And in districts where the companies actually reside will be even less likely to let through these time wasters that damage their biggest employers and shrink their tax base. Delaware also has a vested interest in keeping it a friendly place to incorporate. So I would expect that to color decisions of both judges and juries. Ya, $10m is comfortably above fu money even in silicon valley or NYC. https://youtu.be/xdfeXqHFmPI The size of the house you own and get to say fu from will vary, but the sentiment is the same as long as you own it. Yes, we pull data from our database to make dynamic responses. But I'm not sure if this services model helps that. You would have to create an API to interface with your own DB. You can be certain that any material changes due to this decision were factored into the stock price of both companies either before the decision went public or microseconds after it was made public. And it also ignores the very difficult problem of counting "calories out". There are so many factors that affect calories out. Dunnings Krueger much? We have calories in down to a pretty good science (although more and more studies are finding very incorrect measuring going on). Good luck counting calories out. That's a rabbit hole of extreme complexity. Again, an oversimplification. Different flavors, salt intake, even psychology can come into play in how your appetite is affected and how your body may react to what you just ate. The one advantage of Vanguard is that the company itself is owned by its funds. So the very people who pay the admin fees are the ones who vote the leadership in or out. So raising fees would be unlikely unless necessary and they are known to be very frugal as a company as well so I feel like they are unlikely to need more fees. Especially with almost $3 Trillion under management. Of course, there isn't any real cost to switching. So you could always switch to Schwab or vice versa as needed. They do. Vanguard doesn't charge anything extra for retirement accounts. It's just a matter of ticking a box when you sign up. Schwab is probably similar. Borrowing on your home to invest is just a terrible idea. You may see higher returns on the aggregate in the market but doing so is a good way to lose your home. Too much risk and like you, I think the small spread (and it is very small) between your mortgage and market returns doesn't even cover the risk premium of the potential to lose your home. My guess is that people like that value financial security above all else. And financial security is a sweet sweet thing to have. I think any group whose vehicle purchase decisions are colored by gas prices are not the same group buying Tesla's or luxury SUVs. I would expect the overlap to be very small at least. My guess is Tesla drivers put fewer miles on them than average. There is still a lot of opportunity out there. The thing is, as smart and loaded with resources the quants on wall street are, they have to work on opportunities that can provide returns with very large amounts of capital. Smaller opportunities that could bring in a few tens of thousands a month would not even make it on their radar. They need opportunities that can provide a return on hundreds of millions in capital. But are they really paying too much? I can't think of a lot of products out there, especially those that have a recurring subscription, that don't required some sort of database. So you need a server running a database anyway. It seems that the subscription logic would be a very negligible addition to the instance you have to be running anyway. To me it seems like the only sweet spot for lambda on a large scale would be for those that have consistent usage of a small instance that have some extra functions that need to be highly scalable and are very inconsistent. I find it funny that you mention that climbing el cap free soloing, "just takes a few hours" as if it wasn't just recently free soloed for the very first time in known history by one of the most skilled climbers of all time. It takes hannold 4 hours. It will likely never be tried successfully by anyone else. Alex may be the standout that never makes a mistake. But a notable free soloist dies while climbing about once a year. And I'm sure they all claim to know their limits and understand their abilities as well. I'm afraid your logic is a bit flawed here. The home value increase or decrease does not factor in when considering your mortgage. Your mortgage continues to exist no matter where your home value goes. You have to pay that same mortgage even if the market tanks and your home becomes worthless. Even in the case of just "letting it go" the bank will take your worthless house and will still come after you for what remains on the mortgage. That is why putting money into your mortgage is a "risk free" investment at 4% (or whatever your rate is). Yes, but lets hope your income is not based on investment success and that your job is still safe even in a market crash. Of course, if you have a steady, locked in income from a very safe pension or trust fund, then go ahead and borrow on your home. You don't have to worry about losing it in that case. But you only have to go back to 2008-2009 to see how well that worked out for a very large swatch of the American populous. You also need to collect all sweat, urine, and feces and figure out a way to exactly measure the undigested calories found in it. So I would say the mask method is the BEST way, but not necessarily accurate. Yes, I left that part out of my answer just to keep from muddying the water even further. All you would have to do is put eyes on any app that charges $400 a month like this scam. That's got to be an absurdly low number of apps. You can get new users through your app, you just have to provide a free version. Then if they want to use the premium features, they can log in on the web and pay. But you can't link them to the site or to an external payment method. They used to do that, and that is ok. But you can't link them to an external site to pay and sign up. But now they just bit the bullet and give up a portion of their revenue to Apple and Google. Although I believe 30% is only for the first year. It goes down after that. The real question is not why the US seems to lag behind it's peers in how effective our government is. It is, how is the US able to be so much better than it's peers? You can't compare little state sized homogenous countries in Europe to the enormous, diverse landscape of the US. Compare the US to any other country of similar population and you will see a performance standout in almost all categories. Cherry picking European countries and comparing them to the US is like asking why Vermont, Massachusets, Connecticut, or New York are so much better off than Europe. I think the owl drawing image is an apt simile for starting a business. Because the part in between is not something you can really teach. It takes lots of practice and erasing and rework and trial and error. If you want a step by step process, join a franchise. Right or not, all speech is not protected. If you spill government secrets, you can be thrown in jail (assuming you aren't politically powerful). If you threaten someone, you could be prosecuted. Yelling fire in a crowded theater... Some of these are grey areas. I would say in this case, helping to convince someone who is obviously mentally ill that they should kill themself was decided to be one of those types of speech that is not protected. The ada only applies to businesses with more than 15 employees. Presumably to lift the burden on companies that might not be able to afford compliance. So every little blog and site out there would not be affected. In fact, likely a very tiny, tiny fraction of all sites would. My understanding is that wannacry uses rsa2048. Even the NSA couldn't brute force that. What am I missing? I have a solution. Perhaps you take the etherium users, and they can vote and elect arbitrators, let's call them judges. Then those judges can hold "court" and a selection of etherium users would act as a "jury" to decide on how to handle exceptions. Of course, we will also need to appoint people to enforce those laws. Maybe we should start with a constitution to get things all lined out... But again, both countries have less than a third of the US population. And no, I don't think our government gives us any special advantage. But my point is that you can't begin to compare the US to these fractionally sized countries that have the advantage of chasing off all the poor into other cheaper countries in Europe due to high cost of living. Why are Bel-Air and Manhatten so rich? They are just doing so much better than the rest of the US. They barely have any poor! Must be their local governments and better market economies! Hopefully it is not fast enough to stream videos. Because if it is, it certainly won't last. No one can afford that kind of bandwidth without monitization. It's not like you are required to sell to Walmart. You can always refuse. Plenty of successful companies don't sell anything to Walmart. If you hire a lawyer, your going to regular court. As far as I know, most states if not all, don't allow attorneys in small claims. Are you sure about that? My understanding is it simply means you pay a certain amount up front. That money is held by the firm and Billings are placed against it until time to top it off again. Anecdote from my rural area. The last few math teachers eventually switched over to being the librarian or home economics teacher. Because it paid exactly the same but the curriculum was much easier to teach and isn't subject to the stresses and rigors of standardized testing. To add to the other response you got, yes, it's illegal. The specific federal code that it breaks is in the article. I'm assuming that is a fine meant to completely destroy your company. I would be very surprised (and angry) if they are able to pay that fine. Rather than go that drastic, you could simply get one of those answering service apps that require the user to announce themselves and press 1 to get through. You can set that functionality to only happen for numbers not in your phone book. Ya, 14 days was a nightmare. We had a severe bug causing a crash. Just had to tell our customers, "sorry, the app is basically useless for the next 14 days or so. Whenever apple decides to approve our single line of code change". I believe there was an emergency option which got us approved in 10 days or something equally ridiculous. Do most people really think that? I think Paul Graham uses the term "scalable". But I have seen talking points from lots of big VCs and other figures in business who seem to think it's more about age, profitability, and management structure that define a startup. To focus on the scalability point, I tend to agree that many only think of scalable businesses as startups, but I think the predicted numbers don't have to be in the billions to be considered a scalable growth business. If you are a one man shop building an innovative product and you raised seed money from friends and family and hire 2 employees and expect to start making $1m a year as a 3 man shop in a few years, I think most people would call that a startup. On the other hand, if you raise funds and build just another restaurant on the corner but with no innovation in either product or scale, then I think you are a small business. Scaleways offers x86 options that are the same price with same number of cores. I use scaleway for some of my side projects. The latency is noticeable but with a little bit of cache adjustments and a free cloudflare plan in front of it, it is fine. I took about 5 sites from a $50 a month shared cPanel plan that included a few WordPress blogs and some custom sites and put them on a $3 a month scaleway instance and haven't had a bit of trouble. More likely hundreds of millions are bots. One of the most frustrating (and shady) things I have seen Facebook do is ask your friends personal information about you. I have very little personal info on my profile, but I know that Facebook has all of it. Because I have seen little popups saying things like "Where did your friend so and so go to highschool?" Then later, you will see a question on your profile like, "Did you go to ... High?" So you know they are storing it whether you confirm or not. They will also ask "security" questions to people trying to reset their password. They seem to include a few things that are in Facebook and then a few items that are not. This gathering even more details about my personal life that I did not choose to share with Facebook. I try to frequently seed it with false information. But I know plenty of people are out there just merrily giving up all my personal information to this beast. Wow, then I guess I'm pretty special. Friends seem to reach out and contact me directly even though I don't use Facebook. I will admit though, I'm very sad that I have never been invited to a lularoe party. Maybe you are implying this. But even logging out of Facebook, they will continue to track you and gather information about you through every site that has a Facebook like button on it. In a market as competitive as restaurants, I can't help but think that making crazy decisions might be your only way to set yourself apart from the crowd. Having delicious food makes people forgive a lot when it comes to comfort or decor. And just maybe having hideous chairs and walls would help you stand out in the minds of customers. "A fire department permit worker told Tortosa that it would take him two to four weeks to even look at Robin’s paperwork — or, for $536 ($134 per hour of overtime with a four-hour minimum), Tortosa could pay for him to look at it right now." Can someone please explain to me how this isn't extortion and bribery? I assume that their assumption is that the facebook application has grown in complexity to keep pace with better servers. There is certainly a lot more going on as they had several years ago. My tangential comment to your comment would be: Which creates more jobs, 1,000 millionaires, or 1 billionaire. I would say 1000 millionaires would have a much greater chance of creating many more jobs. It's not about cost. Long rails aren't that expensive. The problem is that a train running through Texas is useless unless you want to get to a specific city that the tracks actually pass through. Anywhere else could be hours of driving from the station and there isn't any infrastructure for that. A 4 hour cab/Uber ride is way too expensive. Even a train that drops you off in the middle of Los Angeles could leave you many hours from the actual place in Los Angeles you want to be. It's not all about what people want either. Even with a rail system, you still need all the roads. Maybe not as many lanes, but American cities are pretty spread out. You will need a ton of last mile transportation. Presumably a large amount of his net worth is tied up in this company. So of course he doesn't want to take it down. I know it's not always accurate. But when I am looking at a resume of someone who has a master's in CS, I think either programming was an afterthought for them or, if they had been learning to code all this time, why didn't they go out and get a job long before they had time to finish a masters? That was my thought. But as far as the bean counters are concerned, they would base it on an aging schedule. Unused credits stop being counted at 100% after x number of months. But there isn't really any reason to disable them in the software. Especially since they can be reenabled. Just like if you have fully depreciated an office desk, that doesn't mean you march into that person's office and take it away. Sorry, this desk must be thrown out as it is now fully depreciated! So I think it is an attempt at scraping more money out of their users. Analysis is all that matters when it comes to the ipo. I'm sure there will be other analysis, but if no one believes it's as big as 3T, then the ipo is not going to raise what they want it to raise. They will have to setup some kind of timer or incentive to charge off peak, because otherwise, most cars are going to be plugged in around 5 to 6 right when people pull into their garage. At least in the US, the worst case is a temporary lockup like you described. Banks are limited in how long they can hold your money. If your money is in a bank, it is guaranteed from fraud and theft. You can't say that about Bitcoin. Add to that the fact that if you want to use Bitcoin to buy most anything you are going to have to either rely on a bank to handle transfers or find someone on the street with cash to buy the Bitcoin (dangerous with no guarantees). No moral obligation? I don't think many people would agree with you on that. If you are actively poking around at someone's home and you find an unlocked window, you don't think there is a moral obligation to inform the owner of the security issue? No moral issues if you then find a group of hoodlums down the street and announce that house 123 has an unlocked window? I can see if you were just driving by and saw the window open, you don't really have any obligation (unless you plan to announce it publicly) but if you are actively seeking out security flaws in someone else's property, not disclosing it to the owner and then announcing it or worse, selling it to potentially bad actors seems morally reprehensible. Yes, I assumed that the option existed, but I think you are going to see a lot of people who want their car to start charging right when they get home in case they plan to take the car out again that evening or even for emergency issues like what if a child gets sick in the night and the car hasn't started charging yet. Obviously won't be the case for everyone but I can see it being a reason to charge immediately. I wouldn't say cheaply or even that easily. If I have to get off a train (whatever that cost), catch a fly-away bus ($8 both ways), then get an uber ($50+ just to Burbank 12m away), it's going to be very expensive and very slow assuming the stars don't align perfectly. I'll be very surprised if anyone is actually pulling overtime to get your paperwork done. My guess is they just put it to front of the line and work continues as usual, overtime or not. You sound like a lot of people pre-2009. Play the game with leverage and you do increase your chances of winning big, but you of course do so at the risk of losing everything, including your personal home. I'm sure you know that. Just also know that people much smarter than you or I are choosing to put vast amounts of money into mortgage lending rather than the market. If the stock market was such a superior investment, why would any bank choose to hold a mortgage? Fact is, you have to factor the risk into the equation when comparing mortgage vs market. Market volitility decreases market return and the extreme burden of losing your personal residence increases the mortgage rate side of the calculation. Also, of course, there is the negative affect on your credit and possible bankruptcy to factor into the risk equation (which also carries some upside in that if you don't pay of your mortgage, and lose it all while upside down on the mortgage, you have transferred some of the loss to the bank.) And of course like the other poster said, "not paying off early" is the exact same thing as taking out another mortgage the day you pay it off, if you have the means to do so. If you are really "doing the math" then you have to do all the math. In the US, there is due process. Granted, that due process has been seriously eroded over the years in cases where the government can claim terrorism, but otherwise, it still takes a court order to force a company to comply with a government request for information. Just look at their systemic counterfeit, ip theft problem. They can somehow keep a billion people in line and censored and behind a firewall and complacent, but stopping major counterfeit and up theft seems beyond their reach. (hint, it's not, they just don't care). Right now, apparently at terrorism. And there is still a line, a court must approve it, might be a kangaroo court, but a judge is signing off on things. Many were holding as well, but as property values plummeted, so did rents. But mortgage payments remained steady and high. More like, all you need is a Swiss army knife, and there are dozens of different Swiss army knives that can all get the job done. So use the one you are most familiar with. And then after you move on, be cursed for all eternity when they have to find and hire someone with go experience to fix that tiny bug. Costing them 3x as much as if it was just PHP where anyone and their brother can work on it. I still do my saas projects all in PHP. I mean, I'm not building NASA control software it anything, but I have incurred very few problems due to dynamic typing. Not to mention the fact that I can hire php devs for half of what a ruby dev wants these days. Intriguing idea. With the 1tb minimum, it's conceivable that you could actually turn a profit doing that. My guess is that their data centers look exactly like this https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/ Why would you say they are the cheapest object storage when it is significantly more than the very service you responded to? Not to mention b2 and several others that are cheaper. Yes, I think is disingenuous to call it "data" durability. "disk" durability would be more accurate. I was considering using cloudflare as a free static asset CDN. On several of the speed test rankings they show cloudflare at or near the top. I also have my dns with them on the free tier. But I am not running my regular traffic through their Network. I just plan to create a subdomain and run js, css, and images through it. Would this not be recommended? Free CDN does seem too good to be true. For most sites, the Google organic search penalty for not having https is reason enough. Oh, that is good to know. I had no idea that wasn't allowed. If it is an S3 API clone, doesn't that make it equally convenient? And hedge funds are only allowed to take money from rather wealthy or "sophisticated" investors that should know better. Herbalife preys on the poor and down trodden. Nah, they aren't driving the mlm. Their skills are leveraged more for the door to door giants like Vivent and most every other door to door sales company you can think of. And on the darker side, Utah also houses a great deal of very legally dubious boiler room sales floors. You will find that almost every single "I make $900 at home" that originated from the US will lead you to a high pressure sales floor in Utah. The mlm seems to be the stay at home moms and maybe a mix of others that are able to leverage their church network. Apparently, no parent is vague enough for trolling. But maybe that is getting harder now with the recent decisions about jurisdiction. "major" games might be more accurate. Half the time I am looking at games on app stores it's about 20% novel and interesting games and 80% candy crush / war of the world's etc... clones. And if you are going to count all those little clones, then you would also need to count the countless chess games, poker games, solitaire varients and everything else that is available for windows. I don't think I would trust your data point of 1. Google has officially announced that it will factor in and many other sites with many data points have confirmed the effect. https://webmasters.googleblog.com/2014/08/https-as-ranking-s... That really depends on the type of burger. Occasionally, I enjoy a good In n Out Burger. I don't expect their meat quality is particularly good. "Patty melt" style burgers are generally less reliant on meat quality as long as you can get a good, crunchy, umami seat on the thin mean patty or patties. I suspect the thicker higher end style burgers would be more reliant on the quality of the beef. However, for economic reasons, they are probably the necessary target of impossible meat until they reach a scale large enough to compete with cheap beef. Heaven forbid. A business with positive cash flow is so not cool! And yet a great majority of successful businesses are bootstrapped. That kind of brings us back to the original point. If there is enough demand that someone has created a rocket attack warning app, I don't consider it a safe city in any sense of the word. I think that's his point. The strategy of memorable passwords is not viable. You still need a password manager. But I agree that spellable, pronounceable passwords are helpful when you need to type on in. I think the courts are already siding on "easy" access being the only option. Because the beach is still accessible without his road access. It is just a mile or so walk over not the best terrain to get there. So access already exists. It's the "easy" part they are fighting over. Essentially everyone that lives outside of the range of cable (read anyone not in a city) is still using OTA antennas if not just to supplement their satellite TV. There are add-on packages for local stations through your dish which many people also have but quite a few would rather forgoe the extra charge and get them for free in arguably higher quality. Do cheap appliances really have longevity problems though? My place is going on 22 years old with the same gas oven/stove top, built in microwave, and standing washer dryer combo. No repairs needed that I know of and even if they did, they are all standard, whirlpool type appliance with an abundance of cheap parts online. Even the fridge was going strong until we had an internal water leak a few years ago which was easily fixed for $100. We did recently get rid of it for a more efficient model though. Now that I think about it, the dishwasher was replaced a few years ago. Mostly because we didn't think the old one was cleaning well enough. But the new one was barely $200 all in. Commerical, high end versions of these appliances would need to last more than my remaining lifespan to pay for themselves. I don't think much financial argument can be made for spending large amounts of money on regular kitchen appliances for their longevity. I like my Miele vacuum. But I bought it because it did a noticeably better job and was more quite than a cheapo. But I doubt the Miele dishwasher would do a better job since mine does fine. Clean is clean for a plate. Companies like Facebook and Google seem to understand that the least. Hence the endless services and other perks meant to keep you on "campus" as long as possible. I would easily consider that green. Although it appears half way in between the green and blue on a spectrum. I would call it teal. I actually did 23&me but I didn't use my real name. Paid with a prepaid card. They don't actually verify your personal identity, so at least there is that possibility. Although, I'm sure if they tried, they could figure out who I am through connections of others and public records, they don't seem dead set on collecting personal details about me (unlike Facebook). I am still curious how Facebook asks my friends details about me. If I chose not to share it, don't ask my dumb aquantances who will give up every detail they know about me. Luckily, home owners' insurance covers stupidity as well as acts of God. So as long as there is no evidence of intentional arson, then insurance would have to pay. On almost any metric I can find, the US is getting better and better. The only decline the us is experiencing is a decline in growth "rates" which is predictable for any mature economy. Crime is lower, standard of living is higher, poverty is less... That's not to say the us doesn't have a lot of problems, but overall, it is objectively better than before. California is succeeding despite it's "stupid" government and policies. Not because of. Add to that, shipping ports and the fact that both Hollywood and tech started there and a nice eternally warm climate and you have a recipe for a thriving economy. None of which have anything to do with political leanings. These man-made (mini) earthquakes have caused damage that in total could be measured in the low millions of dollars (if that much). To put that in perspective, a single large frac well can pull in a million dollars a day easily. To add a data point, my experience at several post offices has been terrible. Right in par with the DMV. You don't know anger until a post office working starts sliding the security bars closed (at 4:30 pm) cutting the long line in half and telling the people that are on the wrong side that they will have to come back tomorrow. And what the hell kind of service business closes at 4:30. Making it literally impossible for anyone with a day job to EVER pick up their package (that they should have delivered anyway but didn't because the carrier didn't want to look for the box in his truck and just tiptoed up to your door and stuck a note on it). Luckily, most post offices stay open longer now. But I still see nothing but long lines and poor service when I have to go. Am I correct in assuming that this becomes a total waste of $40m the moment people start finally transitioning to IPv6? Exactly. Huge corporations would LOVE to push their health insurance costs to the taxpayers. They've been "on the way out" for a long time. The cost per GB on SSD is still 20x the cost of platter drives. I agree with this sentiment. I made the decision a few years ago to try and automate away the little things. And I am surprised how often I actually use little things like adjusting the lighting, finding my phone or keys, or even raising and lowering blinds. Just yelling, "Alexa, turn off all the lights" as I walk out the door, or "Alexa, set the house temperature to 72" as I lay down for bed has really cut out a lot of fastidious things that by themselves doesn't matter much, but added up use a surprising amount of time. Saying, "why would I want something to do x or y?" Sounds just like people I remember back in the 90s that said, why would I want email when I can just call? And then, why would I use text messaging when I can just email... Seeking opiates is not a natural thing for fish. They have a desire for food and mating and other necessities. But doing things for opiates is completely outside of their biology. I think that is the point, but I'm no fish psychologist. But trying to get food is a natural biological process. Seeking opiates is a different thing that fish (and cats) aren't originally wired to do. The problem with dogs in restaurants is the shedding fur. It creates a lot of extra work to clean up and has a decent chance of ending up in the food. My guess is they paid an 3rd party bs service to "scan" their site for vulnerabilities. It's not really effective. It can help, but a surprisingly large number of businesses will actually never actually run your credit. They will just keep your information on file and then when the scammer doesn't pay the loan, they start reporting the delinquency to the credit reporting agencies. And in that case, the freeze doesn't apply. There is only one solution and that is identity theft insurance. All other solutions that purport to protect your credit are futile. Although I think some are now offering insurance as part of their guarantee. I use Zander identity theft insurance. If my identity is ever stolen, they are supposed to take over all the hassles of getting me right. As well as up to a million dollars in damages including legal fees if necessary. I have heard good things from customers who had their identity stolen. But I can't personally vouch for how well their recovery services work since I havent experienced a theft yet. One thing to consider as well is that when you get to a certain level of storage, you need a dedicated box (so there is more hardware cost). I have 50tb of storage in my home server. The electricity cost for this box is about $35 a month. In my case it is so much strorage that it saves money, but if you have less storage and still need a dedicated box, it would be less so. Imo, assuming the hackers are acting logically, the payment of the random will be followed up by another request for more money or the sale of said data on the black market. Since they are anonymous, there is no logical reason to keep their word. It's not like they have a reputation to keep up. While it is a fluffy marketing sentence, it seems clear to me. It's an application server. Then the next section explains that you can run different kinds of applications and even different versions of the base software like different versions of PHP or python all in the same server. If I hire employees to sell my product, and those employees break the law to sell my product, even though I have policies in place saying they should NOT break the law. Am I liable for the actions of my employees? The reason in many cases they accept fines instead of jail time is because it is very hard to pin the actions of large corporations on any one person. What is one specific law that one of these executives broke? I have yet to see anyone specify what law they broke. Just like the Wells Fargo CEO, bad incentives are not illegal. He didn't personally break any laws or illegally sign anyone up for an account without their knowledge. He may have even known that a bunch of their accounts were fake, but there is no evidence he had any knowledge of specific accounts. You can get a rental car, prepaid credit cards, and prepaid cell plans without providing your SSN. Although I'm sure a mortgage and bank account wouldn't be possible. I think they know better, but they use it as an excuse to run your credit thus giving them more information about you as a buyer and an opportunity to sell you on their credit products (which is what they make their money on anyway). Protecting yourself in a single owner corporation or LLC would require extraordinary discipline and bookkeeping. The protections offered by an LLC or corporation to a single owner are generally overstated. In other words, the corporate veil will be pierced either way. In the hypothetical scenario of the op, he has 100k as a salary. Which the IRS would not ever likely contest. Since it gets you close to paying out your full ss tax anyway. (since ss tax cuts out somewhere around 115k or so). And it is also enough for almost any profession. Even CEOs of small companies earn in that range. More like $60k. But no, your accountant will not go for anything even remotely risky. Accountants are notoriously conservative. No accountant is going to stick their neck out for their average customer. You have to pay the big bucks for the guys willing to push the envelope. And that's not be ause they are better, it's because they have to make more money to offset the risk to their career. The Facebook app is react native. Can Facebook users tell? But also, I don't care as a consumer. Because I don't have any liability. In fact, I prefer the swipe as it is a few seconds faster. By choice, to make it easier for our customers to pay (we are saas) we only require the number and CVV. All this complexity to protect the content and yet there isn't a movie or TV show out there you can't find in crisp 1080p on Usenet or torrent sites with one quick search. I have heard that the price is the price for AWS and that the small guys pay the same as the biggest ones. But I have no evidence to back that up. If they operate like lots of other big corps, I would think the retail arm actually would have to pay AWS for the service. Obviously zero sum, but you want can't know your true profit and loss for individual business units if you don't. Which is why basically every big corporation and donor donates to both side of the campaign. This is nothing new. Only difference is that here, Thiel donated to a candidate that didn't get many other big donations because it was presumed he had no chance of winning. So the wealthy don't donate to politicians in the rest of the western world? Yes, I like the option to pan and zoom. But if I have to do so, that is indicative of a bad design in my book. I don't think they are the same at all. Bitium is a single sign on solution for Enterprise. Your employee creates a bitium account and then you Grant access to their bitium account to all the necessary services. Like AWS, Dropbox, whatever. Allows you to automate the onboarding process and also easily manage and cut off access to employees when they leave the company. I actually haven't used it myself. But I was in the same accelerator as them a few years ago in LA. In fact, the acquahires are the ones who got potentially millions of dollars as a sign on bonus. Very few "real" Google employees could claim that. Exactly. The things I've seen as far as blowing investor money is cringe worthy. But almost never have I seen a successful lawsuit by investors except I. The case of outright theft or fraud. Both of those would get you in hot water with the IRS. And I wouldn't rule out the possibility that an investor would succeed in a lawsuit alleging breach of fiduciary duty. I highly recommend services like this. We were pressured to work with a high powered SF law firm at the accelerator I was in. It was a total waste of a huge amount of money. ($800 an hour) They added very little value. On more than one occasion I had to request corrections after the "final" documents were out for signature. Usually having to remove data that was obviously left over from the last company they used the word doc template on. You can probably fill out templates with a service for a lot less than $800 an hour. And I don't believe for a minute that it took 5 hours of $800 an hour labor to fill out those templates not do I even believe the actual $800 an hour guy did more than quickly glance at the first page of the doc. And while I'm ranting, what a stupid and completely broken system legal documents are. They would email us 500 pages of documents and then we would print the last page that was nothing but signatures. Scan it, and send it back where it is then appended to the document they emailed us. OR any freaking document they want. More like, if you attack me, I will be forced to kick your ass. We are in the process of rebuilding our app in react native. As a test, we created a portion of it in react native and did a side by side. Our app is your basic slide out navigation with pages and forms and some animation. There is literally no detectable difference. The only thing that I am still not sure of is performance on older devices. But on iPhone 6 and Galaxy S7... I wish we had started with react native from the beginning. According to them, it is to keep their cost low. The b2 API requires a call to get an endpoint before you make the upload. S3 just uses one endpoint and proxies the upload where it wants to go. B2 saves money by not proxying everything coming in. They have a history of sabotaging anyone who competes with them, though not with AWS. For example, they banned all Chromecast sales from amazon.com after they launched the firetv. No, it's just that they left off the most disruptive part (for pr reasons). And that is that the people sitting in the seat are merely there temporarily until the software gets to a point that no human intervention is needed. And most likely, even before that happens, drivers will be replaced with a remote driver from a central office whenever a problem occurs that the ai can't solve. I love how they disingenuously imply that their end game is to have tons of self driving cars with a highly trained (and presumably highly paid) driver sitting in the driver's seat. In reality, those drivers are there temporarily until the tech is good enough to phase them out (obviously). My guess is that the cars will be ready for full driverless before "driverless with backup driver" becomes big enough for anyone to notice. I think more importantly was getting together the people to sell it. Much or even all of the product apple had built were already products. But Steve was able to package it and spin it in a way that made it exciting and must have. One of their watershed products was the iPod. I had a several mp3 players before the iPod was created. But apple made them cool and thus mainstream. I don't see how the ability to teach others would be an evolved ability. Learning from others, yes. But teaching others is a different skill than learning. That cheap labor is exactly what has brought countless people out of extreme poverty in many countries that over the years have had the competitive advantage of cheap labor. This is how Japan and south Korea started. You can see it in process with China and many others. I'm not sure how taking away what little industry they have by refusing to buy their products helps these countries. While I find it said that children are working in many countries today, I'm also not glib enough to think that is those jobs are taken away, their parents will just send them to school instead and they'll go on to live a happy life. I agree. I have seen these kind of complaints a lot and I just don't get it. "Now some random person knows where I live." ... Uh, well, they know where -someone- lives, but they don't know you. I can't see how this is a problem unless your house is some kind of camoflauged hidden lair. Houses are easy enough to find. You don't need to get a job as a delivery person to find where houses are. The fact that they delivered a package to your house doesn't make you any more of a target than anyone else. Maybe if you were having gold bricks delivered and they were clearly marked "expensive gold bricks" on the package. Why would a house thief waste time delivering packages? Not only would that not help your thieving at all, but the company that hired you having all your info on file would make you much more likely to get caught. Assuming you are robbing houses you can deliver too. Putting on a fake delivery uniform and carrying around boxes that aren't meant to be delivered makes a lot more sense if you just need to case the houses before robbing. Nor would it be a good idea or helpful in any way to a thief. You would be robbing homes that someone somewhere has a list of, which is tied to your name. Ha. I'll assume you are being sarcastic. Are there background checks for ups or FedEx drivers? Many FedEx drivers are actually contractors as well. I lean towards marijuana being a possible cause of the increase in bad driving but I can also see the huge influx of outsiders being another potential cause. People new to an area tend it make a lot more mistakes on the road. The low cert expiration date is by design. If you don't have a script renewing it automatically, you aren't doing it right. Although few have any experience operating at that scale, one can make comparisons. I do find it curious that WhatsApp was operating at a much larger scale in terms of users and messages processed when they were sold to Facebook. And they had 55 employees. So obviously you don't need 4,000 employees for the technology at this scale. I'm not sure what in the world the other 3,945 employees are doing though. I've watched a lot of Food TV and I can't recall ever seeing windows in any professional kitchen. Yes, I see some differences and added complexity. I don't see a nearly 100x difference. Sure, it's arrogant to question them with little inside knowledge. But I have been in business long enough to know that big, public companies do really, really stupid things sometimes. I'm guessing you would have called people arrogant for questioning Equifax's security practices. After all, it's an enormous company with thousands of skilled employees (interestingly, only about 2x as many employees as Twitter and an arguably much more complex tech stack) and security experts checking and consulting. How could they possibly be wrong!?! Does Twitter's business have 100x more abstractions? Because they have about 100x more employees. All debts public and private refers to debts by a creditor. A drink you haven't paid for isn't a debt. It's just an account payable. They don't have to take your cash. Wouldn't this be a lot more like a replacement for services like Live Chat? Because I definitely would not be paying as much as I am for intercom if I was only using the live chat feature. Their integrated abilities to categorize users and program and schedule onboarding messages as well auto suggested help articles are what makes it worth the price. There are a ton of free live chat clients out there. What makes this one stand out? Interesting that almost every ad copy reads like it was written by a non-native speaker. You would think that if it was a well funded program, they would at least have it written by an expert. Are you saying that registration taxes in Denmark amount to tens of thousands of dollars? Due to the fact that the account appears to have violated Twitter rules many times and still exists shows that Twitter cares about the account very much. Many accounts have been banned for much less. Even somewhat high profile accounts. That's not how it works. The capital gains themselves count toward the $37k cap. $1B in cap gains puts him a bit out of range to fall under the $37k max. Also, he likely received tens of millions of dollars in company stock, which will be taxed at regular income rates, not capital gains. Utah has experienced a tech boom as well. They have multiple unicorns. Qualtrics, Domo, pluralsight, as well as a large presence from Adobe, Microsoft, and eBay among others. Get your startup plan in order. In 20 years you can become the "Uber" of solar panel disposal. Because you can't even throw away a fluorescent bulb with most garbage collection services. Imagine the amount of toxic chemicals we will need to get rid of when these solar panels start to wear out en masse. Dang, I liked the orange. Blue icon is way too close to the powershell icon. They essentially all say "tell" their users where they are getting the data. It's in the privacy policy. But people don't read it. There's a bear for every bull. You might as well go to Vegas and put it on black. At least then you can lose your money quickly instead of dragging it out over an extended period. Why did they create it? It's $40 - $99 a month for premium usage and has the potential to make tying in with other MS products like azure, easier. Seems like plenty of reason to me. That is the favorite to parrot around. It's not that impressive considering the large percentage of the world's population has a negative net worth. http://blogs.reuters.com/felix-salmon/2014/04/04/stop-adding... Looks like about 1.9% Estimates put the total net worth of the world's richest 1% at 140 trillion. The Forbes 400 has about 2.7t net worth. Not much of a response. The interview treated Koch influence on politics as a forgone conclusion. (Because it is and Charles didn't seem to argue otherwise). The point of the interview was to learn about his personal philosophy. Something of which wouldn't be of much interest were it not for his huge amount of influence (that, again, no one is arguing). As for the final thrust of this response, on how Koch helped stopped a supreme Court nominee, it's likely nothing nefarious. It would be the same as any citizen. Contact your congress people. Difference is, they are going to really listen to the billionaire donating money to their campaign a bit more than your average Joe. But what about that remaining 5%? It reminds me of those that day that an iPad can do 99% of what you need to do. So to me, that says I still need a laptop for that last 1%. That's what I was thinking. As if the name brands aren't just getting most of their products from the same factories in China. 1. Ban eHow (and the few other sites like it. 2. Ban any site that shows different content to the Google bot vs the user. (looking at you Quora, with your login required to read, Pinterest...) 3. Ban all the myriad of sites that do nothing but list out every possible phone number or random words. AI should have no trouble detecting those. 4. Ban all the sites that do nothing but copy content wholesale from other sites. I thought they had a duplicate content penalty, but it doesn't seem to work. Do those simple things and you've just made Google search 10x better. Ya, there is this ridiculous notion that, like Uber, you can just subsidize until they've run everyone else out of the market. But in reality, if Uber or door dash or whoever take over their respective markets and then back up prices, people will stop using them just as quickly as they started and smaller, cheaper competitors will pop right back up. You don't exactly need a multi-million dollar war chest to start delivering food. How fast would it need to be? Would a Google fiber style 1Gb up and down connection be plenty for a single rack of servers? And what exactly will the damage claim amount to? I'm yet to find any evidence in reporting regarding any actual damage beyond some small cracks and broken plates. I always opt out of comingled but have still had products get comingled. Which makes me think that they are pretty loose with their processes and procedures when it comes to some products. I think it would be rather large if you count the electric subsidies that states and feds pay for Tesla cars and solar panels. Tesla themselves generally provides their price comparison or total cost of ownership figures including the government subsidies. 100 seems high. I have heard it's more like 12 to 15. What I would like is the ability to filter out all reposts. If all you saw was original posts, it would clean up 90 percent of all the garbage. You don't have to lie to people. You can go to church and not believe. I know several people that do that. So, I'm assuming that you also have some qualms about how Facebook or Google does business? Does that mean you refuse to use Facebook or Google? By using commercial services, you are actually supporting them financially. You can go to most any church without donating anything at all. Bland? The Ozark region in northern Arkansas and southern Missouri is absolutely gorgeous with rolling Green hills in the summer and beautiful foliage in the fall. Not to mention the unique dialects and culture that was cultivated in somewhat of a vacuum for a few hundred years due to the relatively difficult terrain that kept accessibility low. Go farther north or west, and yes, I agree the views get pretty repetitive. Ya, my home bill is 13 cents per kwh. I can't figure out why it would cost Tesla $1. As for the super chargers, I'm pretty sure you can no longer use a supercharger for free if you live nearby it. You are only allowed free usage when travelling. As for the solar panels on the charging station, that sounds almost useless. Like putting a little solar panel on the sunroof of your model s. It's the same for lots of low wage jobs. I know people that work at Walmart that I can't imagine being able to hold down a job anywhere else. Costco is not a warehouse job. It's a fancy, high end grocery store made to look like a warehouse. Costcos average customer makes more than 100k a year. Their average purchase is more than $100 and price per item is $10+. They are basically a luxury goods store and can afford to pay employees more. There is no additional labor involved in shipping a package in 1 day vs 7 days. It's just that the stores that take 7 days to ship operate Perpetually behind schedule. To get products out in 1 day, you need enough slack to handle the times when things get busy so you don't get behind. There is no inherent need to abuse employees to do that. I have an online store and we always ship within a few hours of receiving the order. It's not hard at all. After it's shipped, it's up to the carrier anyway. Some Sam's clubs are just as nice as Costcos. It really depends on the market it is in. It just seems that Costcos minimum standard is higher. Because there is variation in Costco quality as well... But Costco is more likely to only locate in the more upmarket locations. An add blocker will take away the banner ads part at least. Also, I can reasonably trust that the community would flag any issues like getting a malwared version of software. It's sometimes not easy to find official sites for some software and the skeezy download.com style sites are always high on the search engine results. Exactly. If they want to require you to enter information before downloading, then create temporary download links. Problem solved. Only the newer companies (probably Netflix) have customer service that can actually ask anyone anything. Most big companies seem to have completely clueless or extremely siloed support. Probably because they have outsourced it. Many traditional recipes actually call for canned tomatoes over fresh. The canning process seems to affect the flavor in a positive way. n/a probably means "not available" in this case. Good news to me. Let everyone else keep finding all the free services. Everyone can't use adblock or nothing is free anymore. But to not prosecuted would set a bad example for the many future occasions where the front won't work out in the investor's favor. Canada is still more capitalist than socialist. It has a few socialist Bells and whistles like socialized medicine, but really not that close to socialism over all. You don't think Amazon has been on the exact same lowest price no matter what path as Walmart? If anything, Amazon is worse than Walmart brick and mortar stores since their third party sellers are not vetted. Imagine the kerfuffle that would arise if Walmart was selling counterfeit products in their store. Although the digital download portion muddies the water, this seems to fall clearly under the first sale doctrine. As mentioned in the article, the seemingly applicable case of digital downloads getting exempted from first sale was only applies because the downloaded music was already downloaded once and sending it to someone else constituted copying which I assume falls under dmca. I predict Disney will lose. Big textbook publishers have been trying to pull this crap for years and were finally trounced in the Supreme Court when it was ruled that once a textbook is sold to someone, you don't get to dictate whether and where it can be resold. Disney is selling a code for a one time download. Once you purchase it, and you haven't used it yet, you should have the right to do whatever you want with it. Most likely, they have found that some really good developers want to live in specific places with really high standards of living and since they are good, they could easily get a job somewhere else and stay in the city they want to. Not everyone is willing to just move for a job if not necessary. That's what the fines are for. That is essentially money out of shareholders pockets. This comment reminds me of the couple of people on HN that complain everytime someone shows off a new product and it doesn't work well in their text only lynx browser. It's such an extreme edge case that it doesn't really matter. (unless you are of course targeting that type of market). In other words, IP address gives a general location in a huge number of cases. I would hazard a guess that compromising your phone or laptop to record everything all the time would be easier than an echo. Ya, and if every person in American gave me just 1 penny, I'd be a multi-millionaire. I once saw a mother in a grocery store with her two little ones in the cart. The older child smacked the smaller one. The mother quickly smacked the older child and said emphatically "We! Don't! Hit!" It doesn't take a scientific study to realize that teaching children not to be violent by punishing them with violence is confusing. Especially to a small child. I kind of doubt that whoever does the feature pics looks at the binaries to figure out if it is native or not. As long as the end result is not easily distinguishable from native, I'm sure you are just as likely to be featured. You are most likely using some hybrid apps and you don't even know it. When done right, you pretty much can't tell. One of the worst I've seen is Franklin Templeton. They sent out snail mail telling everyone to go to a URL like "accountservices.biz" and reenter private information like your social security number in order to update your account records. The site itself is branded just like Templeton's own site. From what I could gather, it is actually their site but even the whois is something non descript. Quite ridiculous. And of course they don't have any way whatsoever that I could find to report things like vulnerabilities or phishing attempts. My bank only recently upgraded max password length from 8 to 12. Oh, and no special characters please. Given the government's track record with some big projects like healthcare.gov which is still a nightmare to use, I would not trust them to be an ISP. In fact, in the past, some states did (or still do) have their own ISP that they use at a lot of schools and public facilities. Ours was always slow with frequent outages. I think a hybrid approach with the government managing and maintaining the physical lines and allowing isps to plug in and pay rent is the way to go. The ISP rent should be enough to cover the cost of physical line maintenance. When I lived there, I had 200mbps up and 200 down for $70 a month and it was great. This was before Google came to town. But since I didn't own property, I guess I was out of the loop on property taxes. You would actually be hard pressed to find ANY major codebase that isn't using at least one dynamically typed language in at least some significant capacity. Serverless is great for all the tiny little things I want to schedule and forget or setup a trigger for and forget. But my type of usage is not going to pay the bills for serverless. I just don't get why anyone is using stuff like lambda for big projects unless they have extremely unpredictable and extremely spikey traffic. Because any kind of sustained usage will quickly be cheaper to put on a nano instance and scale up from there. A jigsaw puzzle goes together only one way. Many engineering problems can be solved in infinitely diverse and creative and unique ways. "creative writing" is a specific genre of writing that focuses on originality. But for most, "creative" just refers to the act of creating something. A blog entry creates something, as does an hn comment. "parked"? No, since no real money or asset is held to back up bitcoin. It could go to $100 million tomorrow based on a few transactions, but that wouldn't be indicative of what anyone else will be able to get for it. Only in the most theoretical sense. Since there is no underlying asset, you are going to run out of buyers real fast at that amount. If you think the US is a bad country to be poor in, then you haven't traveled much. The US is one of the best places, you could probably count on one hand countries that would be better to be poor in. If you don't have any money, Medicaid will pay for your insulin. If you do make money but are living above your means so you can't afford health insurance or the medicine itself, then you are doing it wrong. That's because if you live in the US, you know better. The only people that are going without proper healthcare are those that make too much money to qualify for Medicaid. But that live beyond their means and can't afford other insurance. The very poor have it just fine when it comes to healthcare in the us. It's those that make too much for Medicaid but not enough for private insurance that have a problem. Why do you prefer ecc? I can't think of any uses for it in a Mac that isn't a server. Except for most (probably all) uses of an iMac pro "need" ECC memory about as much as they "need" the apple logo the back of the computer. No workstation needs ECC. At least, few enough would benefit from ECC that a comparable system shouldn't need to include it. That's because the actual difference in ECC and Xeon from alternatives are pretty much just a handwave anyway. So it seems acceptable that the alternative not have them, just as acceptable that the alternative also not have an apple logo. Xeons are more expensive for partially the same reasons apple is more expensive. Branding. I can't think of any reason to need Xeon or ECC on a workstation. And the legitimate usecase for needing them would have to make up less than 1% of those actually purchasing an iMac pro. I think it is actually not a highly complex algo. They have enough data to simply look at people who took the exact same or almost the same trip at the same time of day. Mix that with a bit of user provided traffic data to make sure it is similar to the comparisons and viola. I just figure they are using the average of other people who took the exact same trip last week when conditions were similar. They aren't all using custom software. But all are using banking software provided by one of the big 4 providers in the industry: FIS, Fiserv, Jack Henry, and D+H I believe they control 95%+ of the banking market. I just picked up a samsung 40 inch 4k tv to use as a monitor for $275 That is why AR Would be the ultimate virtual screen tech. You could still glance down at your keyboard or even some post it notes on your desk. Still not realistic. Assuming an entry level dev in sv is making 100k, most 50 year old devs are not making $500k. More like 50% more or at most twice as much. So would it also be illegal to advertise your job positions in teen Vogue but NOT in AARP magazine? It doesn't seem much different in this case. Bit methods target young people. You can set your age to whatever you want on Facebook. Seems no different than advertising a job in young skewing magazines vs targeting older demos. You are providing a legitimate case where people get behind on payments. The thread I responded too was making a case that everyone that isn't rich in the US is completely screwed. Sure, there are some cases where you can't make your commitments, but that isn't everyone. As for little warning, there have been laws requiring ample notice and grace period for a long time now in the US. I could be wrong, but I read somewhere that almost all of those large transactions are inter or intra exchange movements simply moving money around into different wallets. Also, they only indicate a transfer, it seems very unlikely that anyone has cashed out $25m all at once with bitcoin. Yes, the exchanges would, at least until a bunch more lower transactions took place. Those are transfers, not necessarily transactions. No one probably traded 10m in bitcoin for USD. If an exchange transfers btc from one wallet to another for holding, it will show up on the transactions list. You can't really know that except for a few publicized ones. Those "transactions" you see are simply transfers. They "could" be a transfer to someone in exchange for USD. Or, as they are in almost all cases, they are transfers from one wallet to another both owned by the same person or exchanges that are holding large amounts of BTC moving money around internally as well. They must be joking... right? Not just taxes, but any legal debt in the US. The law allows you to use USD to extinguish any debt, public or private. Your debtor does not have to accept Bitcoin unless they want to. In other words: Bitcoin is mostly good for illegal transactions. >But there is also a chance that we genuinely are at the beginning of the transition from Fiat currencies to crypto Maybe, but the current price is no reflection of that. The current price is based on speculation, not utility. No "maybe" about it. Yes. And tons of articles and people are also making the mistake of thinking the sites tracking BTC transfers are actually transactions either purchasing or selling Bitcoin for cash. In reality, they are mostly internal transfers. Daily volume of $16b according to what? The ledger? If coinbase moves 10,000 bitcoins to a different wallet, you see that as a transaction. If I move all my Bitcoin from coinbase to a private wallet then back to coinbase, you would see those as separate transactions on the ledger as well. There is not $16b in daily liquidity in the BTC market right now. Moving money from one pocket to the other over and over all day long is not a sign of liquidity. How? Where? Coinbase has daily and monthly limits. And you have to build up to them. You would either have to find a billion dollar buyer somewhere or somehow manage the logistics of selling to thousands and thousands of individual buyers. Easy? Which exchange right now will let you sell millions of dollars at once? My coinbase account is aged, well used and verified. And I think I can't sell more than $10k a week. One thing that is certain is that there are more commercials now. If you watch an episode of The Big Bang Theory sans commercials, you will notice that it is only 17 minutes long! And that includes the 60 second intro. So 13 minutes of commercials for 16 minutes of actual content. No chance I'll be going back to regular TV. Seeing as the market always recovers and then some, you are going to need to make very, very good returns in the downturns to make up for all the list potential on the upside. In other words, the overall return of the markets over their entire lifetime is positive, not negative. It would be great to ride the bull and then switch to the bear in a down market. But that would require timing the market. The thing is, this money being parked from overseas isn't even benefitting the local economies. It just props up property values for a select few homeowners. The people buying these houses are just leaving them empty. There has been some private investigation of some of the homes being bought and built in BelAir right now. One home was found to be owned by a Nigerian politician through multiple layers of shell companies. This politician has no business owning an $80 million home. If we simply cut out the corrupt and stolen money flooding into these markets I think we would find it is making for a large chunk of it. I used to think that way about how one automation, but I kind of got into it, and now, I realize how fastidious it was to turn off all the lights and adjust the thermostat when I leave home. Or get out of bed and adjust the thermostat or back up to turn off that light in the kitchen. It doesn't likely save me tons of time, but I feel like it lowers my stress levels by letting me just sit and relax or work or read for longer periods of time uninterrupted. Same here. For us personally, the license made no difference. We know we will never come across any patent issues with Facebook. But the fact that it existed led us to believe that in the long run an alternative would emerge since larger corps would avoid it because of the license. Now that they got rid of it, I have no such concern investing time in react for the short/mid term term. Facebook has corrected the licensing issue. Most consider it a non-issue now. And I think Facebook proved with that move that they are willing to play ball. The key is finding a niche that simply isn't profitable to a VC funded firm. Theoretically, I can run my small bootstrapped company and make a profit for myself of $1m a year. Thats excellent for me since I own the entire company. It's peanuts for a VC funded startup, assuming there isn't that much room to grow above $1m. In fact, I co-founded a startup that raised millions and makes 10x more than my bootstrapped company. But it will likely fail and pay me nothing because if it can't generate an exit in the $100m+ range, then the VCs would rather run it into the ground trying to hit that Mark than sit back and let the net income flow. > it's lose, not loose > It can help you lose mundane, petty worries So, you're saying you haven't been meditating enough? It creates fewer jobs, for a shorter period of time than you would think. You can only get so many people on a small property like that. And they still seem to get them done in less than a year. I like IT Crowd, but I agree, it is just some funny, derpy IT guys that nothing every goes right for. But BBT guys have a lot of the stereotypes but generally come out triumphant over the bullies and thugs of the world. If anything, BBT celebrates "nerds" more than any other show in recent memory. By "the market", I was referring to the US Markets. We have a few hundred years of history of always recovering. Japan is the special case though. Small and landlocked, rather xenophobic with an aging population. Things that could happen in the US, but the US is just a completely different, and much larger animal. That may work in cases of online password resets, but I believe it has been demonstrated that they are not great for social engineering reasons. A hacker can just say, "oh I just mashed the keyboard for that" or worse, the agent thinks it is an error or glitch and let's the hacker in. I think best to use a real, but different last name on all your sites. That's how I feel. Cloud services are great for anything that isn't losing money on each customer and then trying to make it up in volume :). Cloud is way more expensive than other options, but I'm serving 5,000 customers for less than $100 a month, so spending more time to get that price down is definitely not the best use of my time. I just don't see Alexa making huge inroads for shipping. It will be/is great for recurring purchases of stuff you already buy on Amazon, but people were already going directly to Amazon for that. But using a voice system to buy new stuff just isn't a good experience. It's like the old days of catalog shopping with a phone except there's no catalog. People need to pull up and see, look at reviews, watch YouTube review videos. Audio only just doesn't do that and is a step backwards. I don't even use Alexa for reorders because I want to make sure I'm still getting a good deal everytime I order. And for those that don't care about the deal, they can just setup subscription purchasing. The person/people on the Linux browser are hilarious. Half the time when someone launches a new site and shows it to hn, they chime in complaining it doesn't work on lynx. The first few times I saw it, I thought they must have been joking or trolling. I don't even have time and budget to make my site work well on older versions of IE. It would be insanity to optimize for the 12 people that use lynx. Lots of non education expenses get rolled into student loan debt. I've known people to take out max student loan debt and buy CDs or invest it in rental property. Some people take out excess student loan debt because they don't want to cramp their lifestyle of a nice car and eating out everyday. Whether the bootcamp people are greedy or not doesn't factor in. Getting national accreditation for a coding bootcamp would be like getting a PhD in biology to be a dog groomer. Not only is it overkill, it wouldn't really teach you to do your job. Myself and my family pretty much never get sick either. But we have a massive sweet tooth. Lots of ice cream and baked goods and candy. In my opinion the new logic is build in React Native (unless your app fits in the 10% of use cases that won't work well with RN), then deploy to both at once. We have had excellent results. None of those cows are raised on feedlots. Feedlots are used to fatten and "finish" the beef. Most all cattle start their life being grass fed. Many wells have higher fluoride content than municipal supplies. So if we are wanting to create a complacent society, would have been better to leave people on well water. I think you are on to something... "The Elevator Desk" In most cases I believe handoff is a device feature and not reliant on the ap. Ubiquiti does have a service to provide handoff for devices that don't support it but it isn't as good and is off by default. So, your argument is that you are also a white male, like most other brogrammers, but you understand discrimination because you were treated nice while being anonymous online? Only 10 to 20% of programmers are women. Doesn't that justify the mention? Probably not, since being a male programmer is hardly unique in any way. Probably should pick a different angle for your story. Yes, a "male programmer" is objectively less unique than a "female programmer" all else being equal. >My argument is that programmers have never cared who you are. I think the chorus of opinions from female regular programmers all the way to the highest echelons of the tech hierarchy (a la Marissa Mayer) expressing their concern that tech is a 'boy's club' and that the environment is not accepting of diversity is a pretty clear sign that something is up. Telling people to stop their whining and get to work is easy to say when you have not been on the receiving end of discrimination. That article is out of date. As of September 2017, FB has re-licensed React under the MIT open source license and dropped the patent stuff. I don't think you contradicted anything I said. I would say special camera apps, multi-threading etc. are not needed that often. As for slower build times, that is the beauty of RN. Building is not needed most of the time just an initial build and a rebuild every time some of the base configurations change or you are creating code outside of RN. I'd say you are probably using a lot more React Native apps than you realize right now. Do they? Lots of homes in places like BelAir sit empty, visited once or twice a year. Either as status symbols or a place to hide I'll gotten gains. The recent decrease in the mortgage deduction will likely have some effect. The suburbs have those as good or better than in the city though. It doesn't have to be gross incompetence. If you pay for something and it doesn't deliver as promised, you may be entitled to a partial or full refund. What would we do without the garbage content that is eHow and wikiHow? >Best diet ever. No bread, no pasta, no potatoes? I beg to differ. I would point out the difference in someone who simply creates a tool, and a salesperson who, perhaps, knowingly lies, stretches the truth, hides inconvenient truth, and otherwise uses unethical means to promote something they know is wrong. There is also a very steep scale of diminishing complicity. Is the accountant that works at the electric company which provides electricity to the office building where the sketchy sales guys plot to sell their unhealthy products also complicit (assuming he knows what goes on there)? Unless you don't drive much, it must still be cheaper to simply own a nice, cheap used car? You can own a great car for $10k that gets excellent gas mileage. But isn't the agreement of not releasing early more to do with coordinating with other vulnerable systems? The person who found the vulnerability wouldn't care if one OS releases before another. But if I am Ubuntu, I'm pissed if openbsd released early and publicly reveals a zero day that I'm not ready to patch yet. Initial setup? I was amazed when I simply put my .yml file into the root of my repo and pushed to gitlab. It just worked and the job was running. What other initial setup are you referring to? CNBC's American Greed is a good place to see how wealthy people are being prosecuted and sent to jail on a regular basis. Martha Stewart did some time for what appears to be much less than what the Intel CEO has done. And as far as the general public is concerned, she is much higher profile and was likely quite a bit wealthier than Brian Krzanich. The scheduled sale was for less than 100k shares. He modified the schedule to 900k shared after finding out about meltdown. Important quite from the above linked article: "Intel says the sale was preplanned - but that plan was put in place months after it learned of the chip vulnerability" I believe you can signup on WhatsApp web. You simply need a phone number to verify your account. Purposely slowing down your Apple devices so that you need to buy a newest one every season doesn't strike you as a way apple is screwing you? I don't get why people think an sla is any benefit whatsoever hosting or software services are generally so cheap, any refunds are completely superfluous compared to the business and productivity loss. So you really think there is a serious need for a solution that handles the 1 hour per year or less that services like slack are down? Or are you trying to solve for a location that has spotty internet? Because I have a problem with neither. Part of the m.o. for many VCs is to push for really high burn rates. Which has two reasons, one is to accelerate growth as you mentioned. Another is to cause you to spend the funds you raised and require more investment sooner. This giving the VC the option to own a larger and larger share of your company by the time that liquidity event hits. The problem with VC money is that you are likely taking on powerful investors / co owners that are unlikely to have the same goals that you have (or should have). VC money comes from those that have already become successful. So they are pushing for a strategy that will cause the majority of companies to fail but with the small chance that one will become the next Google, fb, etc. Most founders can't afford that methodology. They should be looking to build a good company with good cashflow that can earn them a healthy nest egg and make them wealthy. When was the last time you heard of a VC that wanted good dividends from their portfolio companies? So yes, if your goal as a founder is to build the next unicorn and you are willing to risk everything on that small chance to make it super big, then you should go the VC route. Problem is, you have one company and one life, so you better hope your company is the one in 10 that have a profitable exit. Or maybe save yourself some time and just go buy lottery tickets. There are startups out there running their whole backend on products like graph.cool and have no need for an ops person. And they are building their app in react native with one developer (which can then be launched in iOS and Android simultaneously). A carbon tax seems like more of a simple solution than: >Try to gradually ban carbon fuels, as soon as viable alternatives make this feasible. With the PHP 7.1 and 7.2 performance upgrades, I think it is getting harder and harder to hate on PHP. Not to mention that while many of the quirks of the language still exist for legacy reasons, many of the newer updates provide modern methods for today's programmer. (And you don't have to do it the wrong way) I had an older system running PHP 5.3 and after a day of refactoring, it was ready for 7.1. The CPU usage literally dropped by 50%. Pretty amazing! Not to mention laravel is quite pleasant to use and has got to be one of the fastest routes to building a good saas app backend with any language. I've got a new project coming up and I think I will be going with laravel and reactjs. In that case, I'm sure MoneyGram declined to provide their service at a lower rate. I would guess the thinking of the bank was that they were paying legal fees due to infighting of the family members. Something that, if true, would make sense to pay out of the estate funds. But, assuming it is proven that a lot of the problems were due to incompetence on the part of chase, that is a different story and seems like theft. So to me, the use of the funds for legal fees is not in and of itself an issue. One encourages people theft. The other encourages data theft only. The latter is generally considered less deplorable. From the screenshots of the message, I don't think you would know if it was one or many missles or whether they were nuclear or not. No amount of nuclear missles would do much to prevent the US from retaliating with it's nuclear arsenal. The majority of the US nuclear arsenal is floating underwater in always moving, undisclosed places via submarine spread throughout the world's oceans. Regardless of the credentials of the poster, the fact that it was posted in r/conspiracy makes me think it's not that useful of a comment. r/conspiracy attracts a certain type of poster, one who finds possible consiparcy in everything. I don't think they necessarily make up the prices, but I wonder if there is an accounting reason for the "MSRP" on procedures being so high. I will frequently see things like a $2,000 charge to the insurance company and then it will show that they ended up paying something like $185 for the service and they disallow the rest. Perhaps it is just to make sure they always get the max from the insurance companies. Or maybe they are able to write off the portion that the insurance company won't pay as a loss or bad debt. The insurance companies don't do anything that isn't automated and easy. Everything billed is coded and the insurance company already has a set price for that code. If the medical providers don't agree, they can either try to appeal and get an exception or most likely adjust the billing codes until something more reasonable goes through, or they can refuse to accept that insurance plan in their office. Have you never looked at an itemized medical bill? This is exactly how all medical practitioners in the US that accept insurance do things. Every procedure, every Tylenol, every operating kit has a code and a price and that is all itemized and billed. Try calling up your mechanic and asking for a quote. Tell them your car is not working right and you don't know what's wrong, but you want a quote before bringing the car in. Now, if you call a medical practitioners and tell them exactly what tests or procedures you want, they can probably look that up for you. An admirable goal. One of my pet peeves with lots of php code and extensions is the unending desire to make every bit of cold backwards compatible to some of the oldest versions of PHP. There are some great, new cryptographic functions that have been implemented in PHP >= 5.5 Password_hash() and password_verify() are so simple, it's hard to mess up password hashing now. When I upgraded my projects to PHPa7, I replaced dozens of lines of code with those 2 functions alone. But I have seen plenty of implementations of them that still fall back to old more convoluted and error prone methods when you are using some old version of PHP. Do you also consider separate men and women's bathrooms prejudicial and sexist? >No, my solution to a sense of isolation is instead to find ways for women to no longer feel isolated within their field If you ever wondered what "mansplaining" is, your response is a great example. Gee, maybe having other people like them, having the same problems and discussing them after spending the day surrounded by a 90% plus group of males only is good way to no longer feel isolated. You sound like that boss that has no clue what is going on, pokes his head in the door and offers up "better" solutions to the problem then continues on his way. Thank you for having PHP as a microservice. I'm so annoyed that so many big providers overlook it. It baffles me that you would build out a service or sdk and not support the most ubiquitous (by far) language on the web. The only thing I can think of is that many silicon valley types are in an echo chamber of the next biggest and greatest thing that they overlook it. Or they think that anyone creating projects in PHP must be beneath them. I'd bet those "high performance work athletes" are probably also taking "performance enhancing drugs". I would say the great majority of people would think Apple Records is part of Apple music. Part of keeping a trademark valid is the owner's work to enforce it. If Laporte does nothing, he risks having his trademark slowly overrun. Wouldn't there have to be some kind of consideration for it to be a valid contract? Except an agreement isn't really the same thing as a contract. For a contract to be legal, there has to be "consideration". I'm not sure if anything qualifies as consideration in this case. Most likely nothing more than his own legal costs. The suit would have to be considered frivolous to get anything and the publicly available data already shows that Laporte has plenty to go on. The CEO of twitch presumably didn't have a conversation with Laporte and promise to never get into the video business. Yes, you could be right there. Although a bit sticky since it is only a similarity of names and not actual usage of "TWiT" that Leo allowed them to continue with. Yes, the idea is a mainstay of children's stories and american culture: "The Tortoise and the Hare". At least, it used to be. It seems a lot of people have forgotten these lessons. No, having separate bathrooms is not sexist. Because the term sexism refers to negative issues only. Webster's uses the word "discrimination". Which I assume you are being pedantic and interpreting in a broader context like "discriminating between the colors blue and teal". But lookup discriminate and it has a few meanings. One of which refers to prejudicial or unfair treatment. That is the definition implied when referring sexist discrimination. I was referring to new code and code packages that are available out there. It sounds like you are talking about providing hosting for older versions of PHP code. Which I of course understand is a necessary thing. You can't force people to upgrade their codebase. They'll just find another host. While I agree that lots of offices don't know their costs off hand, I have not had much trouble getting quotes for specific procedures. The real problem is that I rarely have any reason to ask if my insurance is going to cover all of it. Sort of? Maybe? I mean, a list of people doesn't really encourage kidnapping. Someone could just use a phone book instead. Perhaps cases of witness protection or something. But those are extreme edge cases. Even for simple CRUD, I would use laravel. And if it really is simple, use Laravel's Lumen, which is a streamlined version of the framework specifically for API development. I used to worry about overhead. I stuck with codeigniter for that reason. But in reality, the difference in overhead is indistinguishable even at large scale. Save yourself developer time and throw a few extra vCPUs at your project. CPUs are WAY cheaper than developer time (even if it's your own unpaid dev time). Cool, I'll take a look. There are always exceptions to the extreme norm, of course. I have never seen an SLA pay out anything more than a small multiple of the hosting cost which still of course doesn't amount to a hill of beans for essentially anyone. Have you? Not only that, but he sold the absolute maximum allowed for a C level employee. By "higher profile", I just mean as far as the general public is concerned. I've worked in tech my whole life and I couldn't have told you who the CEO of Intel is. But everyone knows Martha Stewart. It's a Good Thing® I have always wanted that feature. I never knew it existed previously. It's only beyond the pale because you appear to misunderstand the ruling and the existing law. A corporation still cannot make unlimited campaign donations. They can however spend their money however they choose. As long as they are not coordinating with any compaign. If a candidate is running and promises to raise income tax to 99%, then I can form a political action committee or corporation and spend as much money as we want trashing the candidate that is pushing that idea. We cannot, however, donate unlimited funds to his opponent or work directly with any campaign, pay their expenses, etc. It is a perfectly reasonable freedom that just happens to have negative consequences. The corporation cannot make campaign donations. They can't even talk with or coordinate with any specific campaign. They can, however take a public stand about who they want to win and run commercial to that effect. If you are living abroad, you only have to pay tax on your income in excess of ~$110k That's old hat and ineffective. Scrapers usually proxy through large lists of rotating ip addresses. There are lots of services for it. From the scant details provided, it looks to me that tgis could be out of context: "iOS operating system doesn't provide access to specific private APIs or other hardware that may affect the results." My guess is he is trying to access non public apis. I bet that 85 Toyota would be a lot heavier though. What is your source for this? As far as I know, there is no official designation for "software engineer" in the US. Nor any official certifications or accredited programs. Computer science is the degree programs most take. As far as visas are concerned, what would the criteria be to verify a software engineer instead of a programmer. So you're saying you've never spent anytime outside the US unless it was at a vacation resort... It's probably a pricing strategy to make more money of those running higher demand stuff. No, but that's not the policy he said is consumer hostile. It varies by location. They rarely check at my local Costco. But they do check your cart on the way out. So if they choose not to abide by net neutrality, the state will just do without internet service? Seems like the state would be in the same place most consumers are, we don't like it, but there are no alternatives. It's really not a great way to launder money. To keep it off the books, you will need armies of individuals going out and buying it with cash through forums or whatever. Same to convert it back to cash. Otherwise, you are just buying and selling it through exchanged who, in the US, are going to report it on your 1099k. Otherwise, you have to have a seemingly legitimate Enterprise that is accepting Bitcoin on a large scale. Which would cause you to stand out like a sore thumb to the authorities because no one in their right mind is using Bitcoin with $40 transaction fees. Amazon is generating plenty of profit for investors. And the best kind of profit too, capital gains. Why pay out dividends to your investors with after tax money that will be taxed again at a higher rate when you can just stash it overseas and buy more capital assets and let the stock grow in perpetuity. Same with apple. As an investor, you don't need dividends, you just sell a few shares each quarter. Why would you ever need to generate cash flow? Just sell off a few of your ever appreciating shares each quarter. Might as well turn yourself in to the FBI. Creating tons of coinbase accounts is no easy task. You have to validate the accounts with multiple forms of ID and this pattern would eventually be found out and get flagged big time. Then, you need different bank accounts for every single coinbase account you create and those require multiple forms of ID as well as valid SSN numbers which will be checked. If you are referring to GDAX allowing you to transfer to USD, looks like it is FDIC insured, which means it is a US bank account, which means it is subject to KYC patriot act stuff and will be the same as opening any other us bank account. Looks to me like those are rules created in the context of NAFTA. I don't believe there are any such restrictions or rules in the US outside of that specific VISA program. That is extremely overpriced. It is more labor intensive for working abroad, but not by that much. But if you were paying someone in the Netherlands to do your US tax return, that might explain it. Next year, get a US tax preparer and I can't imagine it being more than $200-$300. Gender distinction, gender separation Every major dictionary specifically uses terms like "prejudice", "discrimination against", "stereotype". There is obviously a consensus that it is referring to negative/unequal treatment. Probably, but only because crypto doesn't scan for fraud and abuse among other things. Monero is happy to let someone completely empty your life savings. Cc processors on the other hand are on the hook for fraud, so they are checking every transaction to make sure it doesn't match certain hueristics that could indicate theft or fraud. But they don't really have that much liability. Very few will sue and win. Why would they try to cater to the .001% that turn off javascript? Yes, any private use of company property will require tax reporting and he would have to pay income tax on that jet usage of at least cost. The guy went to great pains to share a very detailed article. Perhaps you could be a bit more helpful with your opinions rather than dismissive of his. As for delidding and water cooling, while yessir, water cooling doesn't normally offer much benefit, that is because you are still cooling with ambient air. If your processor overclocked, you will likely see larger improvements with water cooled. And for the i7 8700k, there seems to be quite a lot of anectodal evidence so far that it is difficult to keep cool at 5ghz+ is difficult without delidding. I am in the process of designing a new dev rig and in the past, I have always stuck with stock speeds. But the ability to overclock 6 cores from 3.9ghz to 5ghz seems worth it. And you can purchased pre-delidded, guaranteed, and tested for stability CPUs from various reputable vendors online for an upcharge. There would be no difference at all for him with ECC ram. Except for slightly lower performance. I think by the time you built up that dell system to match the custom rig, it will be much more expensive. ECC has no benefit here (for anyone really). And while you get more cores and cache with Xeon, the 6 core overclocked i7 with double the clock speed would surely outperform except in the most parallel of processing applications. As for picking all the perfect components that work together, there are myriad of people and places online crowdsourcing and benchmarking the perfect configurations. I doubt Dell is putting much thought and testing into their configs beyond reliability and cost. While I like that, and is a cool approach, what is really the difference between just storing PII encrypted in the same database and then keeping your keys locked down based on permission levels? The API proxy would be great if you have a trusted 3rd party in charge of it or something. But abstracting it out to a separate layer doesn't seem necessary since it's all within the same company anyway, and developers will need access anyway I use cloudflare as well. And they are one of the most performant. Feels too good to be true. I wonder if the offer and it performance will last... You can no longer deny coverage in the US, barring a change to the law (which could happen). I wish more doctors would look things up or use computers to help diagnose. Relying on their personal memory and experience alone seems outdated and less effective. Combine that experience with some good reference, research and consultation with lots of other doctors and you would have a much better outcome overall. I think this no longer happens. Amazon seems to have implemented an algorithm that suspends listings whose price is too far out of range. Even by a hundred or so dollars in some cases. I agree. It's like we are in the big tobacco phase where everyone is saying it's normal and healthy. To say otherwise is considered prudish and sexually repressive. It would be an interesting test to see how much data gets sent from your average heavy computer user. I use a ton of software, and I always opt out of the request to send telemetry data to "help improve the software". I was feeling bad the other day for not allowing a nice open source program to do so, but realized that my upstream line might be completely saturated with constant telemetry data if I didn't always opt out. I wonder if that doctor has ever had major surgery himself and been told not to use painkillers? Even if that is the case, pain seems to vary greatly in how it affects people. I would be very hesitant to tell someone that they should just let the pain "guide" them, because I have no idea what it is like for them. This study showed that a Tylenol ibuprofen combo was as effective as opioids (and with zero chance of addiction). If course it's likely to vary in effectiveness by patient and depend on the type of pain. I can't help but feel that pharmaceutical companies probably don't want a lot more studies like this coming out. https://www.healio.com/family-medicine/pain-management/news/... That would make them the world's second largest private employer after Walmart. It's an absurd number of people to hire for content moderation. And it likely wouldn't solve any of the world's problems. Seems like their recent move to get news off the feeds and focus on family and friends should solve the content issue. If someone is posting or liking hate speech or offensive content, I can just block them. I wouldn't add someone as a Facebook friend that would do that kind of thing anyway. Yes, these are problems you come across in a nanny state. Which is why in the US, most all speech is protected, even hate speech. And for the government to impose laws or rules to force a private company to regulate that speech runs counter to that. So I'm not really sure why this is a conversation in the first place. Plus, somehow in all this discussion, people seem to be accepting the idea on its face that somehow psychological counseling would fix said issues. Maybe in some cases it would, but we are far from being able to cure many psychological problems consistently. We have anthem and have had no trouble getting anything paid for that is covered. Including an ER visit that turned out to be nothing. That's why for every single transaction that I do on venmo, I put "payment" as the descriptor. >investors who still buy Amazon stock even though he pretty much reinvests all the profits. But you see, that's the way the game is played. Why siphon down cash and get it double taxed to pay it out as dividends when investors can sell shares as the price rises. This avoids corporate tax and income tax on dividends. You are effectively saving 40% or more by doing it this way. Investors aren't holding out for the day there are finally profits. They are riding their tax preferred profits all the way to the sky as we speak. Prime IS a saas service. It's called fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) and they will warehouse and ship your products whether you sold them on your own site, eBay, or Amazon marketplace. In all my years in tech, I have literally never heard a single person (that wasn't part of a flashy ad campaign) exclaim that IBM or Oracle offered their company a solution at a good rate, got it setup in time and that it works well and solved their problems. Only on TV that is publicly broadcast over the public airwaves. Anything private like cable or satellite can say anything they want. Since the world stopped being completely black and white. (It never was.) And most definitely, medical science is not either. With every medical decision there are trade-offs. Sure, it's best to walk soon after surgery... sometimes. Sometimes it's too early. And sometimes there are trade-offs like torturous pain that no person should have to bear. Many people might choose to forgo the day after walk knowing that their chances of a full recovery might be 0.01% lower. It reminds me of the mantra that "breast feeding is best". Yes, according to some studies, there appears to be positive relationship. But what if continuing to breast feed causes a mother to stay clinically depressed. What if she can't handle the every 2 hours and it is driving her crazy and she wants to shake her crying baby. Maybe in this case, "formula is best". A good medical practitioner works with their patients to communicate the risks and rewards clearly and help guide them to make the decisions that work best for them. As I mentioned higher up the thread, pain thresholds vary dramatically. My father has had more than one root canal with no anesthetic because it was cheaper. He said the pain wasn't that bad. He just has a very high threshold for tooth pain, or lack of nerves there. As if all doctors make correct decisions all the time. Doctor's should be hesitant as well. What's the relevance? That's only recent. Post Jobs. Coinbase is required by law to verify after you reach a certain threshold (not a very high one either). So they will let you sign up with a bank account, but once you start using the account a bit, they will freeze your account and want all kinds of ID. 23 billion in 2001 adjusted for inflation is only around 30 billion. Compared to the sp500, msft has also killed it by a factor of 2. http://performance.morningstar.com/stock/performance-return.... In that chart you can also see that it has also outperformed the software industry average. I'd be curious to know how much people are actually purchasing with Amazon. I have an echo in every room of my house. Yet, beyond the device purchase themselves, I do nothing with them that earns any money for Amazon. Buying stuff is just too cumbersome. I need to see my side by side price comparisons with pictures. They also have a good bit more data redundancy than RDS has. Do we have any evidence that a more conservative society would be a negative thing?