GitLab on hosted hardware works great. I maintain two different instances. One of them automatically updates itself, and it just works. I think they will migrate the systems which they host VCSes. Since they may need to make changes in the code to suit them, abandoning the legal stuff makes using, modifying and contributing back stuff easier. Li-Ion batteries lose the ability to provide energy at low temperatures, pretty fast. If the battery is aged, the effect becomes much more pronounced. When using an IDE, memory consumption can be tolerated. Indexers, analyzers, open files, sometimes other tools which run with the IDE. However, to spend 800Mb to change a single file is too much. Atom is not a complete IDE as VSCode or Eclipse by any means. Yes Atom has IDE packages and capabilities are started to be rolled in, but it's too young. God knows what will be the memory usage of Atom when it grows to a complete IDE with project-wide knowledge. Also, having enough resources is never a good excuse for an application to use massive amounts of memory. IIRC uCode updates are volatile. You re-install them to CPU on every boot. OS actually does this for you. Care to share the URL of the video? It sounds pretty fun. Thanks, I'll take a look tomorrow. For more uCode work, there's http://inertiawar.com/microcode/ which contains some interesting bits. I find CPUs fascinating to be honest. While they are complex, they are not impenetrable. Playing with small assembly snippets and simulators helped me a lot to understand them. Also, other architectures such as MIPS and M68K have simpler to understand ISAs which accelerate the process of understanding these small wonders. Electron slow, bloated, uses a lot of resources for nothing. tl;dr: Electron is chromium browser with some disguise. It's not "The right thing (TM)". Atom doesn't use 80MB, it uses 800MB. On the other side, my Eclipse installation uses ~1100MB and runs whole array of analyzers and background stuff that an IDE should run. Atom runs nothing at the back or provides the same functionality while using 800MB. Also, Eclipse is portable around all major operating systems. Resource usage can be justified if the that resources is used toward something meaningful. C is "slower" than assembly, yes; however both assembly can be inlined into C, and magnitudes more can be done with C at near-assembly speeds. I develop in C/C++/Python mainly and in some other languages for fun and curiosity. Python is easy, but it's not as performant unless the underlying library is native, hence nobody is using it if it can't obtain very high performance in my field (scientific computing, HPC, and related areas). Actually, writing a low performance GUI is pretty hard since most of its cycles are idle. If you can write an application with a GUI which slow to respond to low-complexity, common tasks (naive text editing, input, menus, moving windows), something is very, very wrong (to be clear, GUI can trigger resource intensive background tasks, but that's not what I'm saying). That's a very nice perspective to think. First of all, for the 800MB thing, there's the source: https://medium.com/@caspervonb/why-i-still-use-vim-67afd76b4... and I've also seen this behavior while editing small Python files. I also had no other plugins other than the default bundle. So my atom installation was pretty lean. It looks like you're a web developer, I'm not. I develop at the system level, and for development scenarios Atom is nowhere capable as Eclipse, and seriously that's OK. Every IDE has its niche. I used atom as a pretty text and script editor for my needs, but its auto complete capabilities left too much to be desired for me. Honestly, maybe atom was not optimized for better memory usage before. Maybe there were memory leaks. Maybe my build was buggy (I used an official deb package BTW), or maybe he tested a buggy version, but these problems were (or are) real for some other people, and they may have been solved or not; but I'm neither the only, nor the last people who talked about excessive memory usage of atom. I loved atom when it first came out. I tried to migrate to it, but it has burned me with its radioactivity. So I returned to my dark corner under Eclipse to work and recover. > I just hate when there are perfectly valid problems and issues with a technology, but people ignore them and jump on the bandwagon of a non-problem. Same for me. I didn't intend to 'bash' atom and electron. I just wanted to point some problems with it. If my style sounded like bashing, I'm sorry, it was unintended. > Atom has made significant strides in the last year... Honestly, I may give it another shot, as a semi-IDE rather than a complete replacement to my Eclipse setup. I love to explore new applications and see what they do right and where they lack. > I may have jumped the gun here myself, I tend to get a little overzealous... I sometimes make the same thing. It's perfectly OK, we are all human. We all have some technology we like to protect as our only child (my soft spot is low-level & high performance tech). The key is to be able to recognize one's reaction and tune it little by little. I had my share in both sides of a flamewar and I'm very well done in that respect. BTW, I didn't feel like you did. I just wanted to say we sometimes overreact, and even if we don't project it to otherside or just to outside, we can learn from the experience. > If you do, I recommend doing a complete uninstall of it... I've completely removed every atom related folder from my home folder some time ago. I'll install the latest .deb package and progressively experiement with it. I won't tie anything important to that setup, so it will be an experiment bench for me. I'm using Eclipse for ~10 years, so I know the effort you put into setting it up. It's always worth it, don't worry. I maintain three eclipse installations (home, office, laptop) and they sync their settings over Oomph. So when I improve something in one, all three benefits :) When you use something for a very long time and set it up to your liking, it feels like home. :) This is not same for all cases. For example scientific and high performance computing, image processing, or other tasks which need short run times or applications where a single digit optimization results in hours of run time difference is always worth it. Also, since C++ is native, very memory efficient data structures can be written. This property can be leveraged to write very small, very efficient and very resilient loops to be written which can run for months at a time, and since you have the absolute control over memory management, you can prevent unwanted bloating or leaks pretty easily. Last, but not the least; CPUs weren't that powerful 10-15 years ago. My desktop computer was as fast as the first Raspberry Pi. Python, JS, even Java were very unpleasant experiences back then. This is not an apples to apples comparison. I've given examples from runtime, not from development time. OTOH, refactoring in C++ is not hard, at least from my experience. With some knowledge of the language, everyone can write reasonably bug-free C++ (or any other language) application in one go. Compilation in C++ is a different story. C# is not native. It's converted to CLI (was that the name, I don't use Win32 for ~15 years), then JIT compiles it to machine code, and optimizes over and over in every execution. Yes, C# is reasonably fast, but it's not native, cross platform (mono doesn't count), and designed to be a systems programming language. People tend to think C++ is overly verbose, no. Win32 programming model forces simple operations to be long and time consuming for a programmer to implement. Opening a file, serial port, or anything is a single line, because of the (while not everyone likes it) "everything is a file" philosophy, which makes UNIX and C++ much easier, verbose, and accessible. > It can be compiled to native code... In that sense, you are absolutely right. However, for simplicity I only thought about the out of the box experience, or by the de-facto implementation of the said languages, since it’s the most popular usage scenario as well. Well, I’m not very knowledgeable about Windows world, as I said before, I’m not using Windows for 15 years or so. So, my bad, sorry. Thanks a lot. I will read them as soon as possible. This feels like the CueCat from the 90s. A supercharged "I feel lucky" button. Honestly I can't understand why this is worth $5M funding. > Why is the phone made of glass if nobody is ever going to see it? For being a radio frequency transparent, premium material? > I still wish there was a smaller iPhone I upgraded to an X from a 5. The screen real estate really allowed me to not to turn on my computer at some nights, which I consider as a plus. I just read what I want to read, and reply a bunch of e-mails, then put it off. I use Debian testing on a EliteBook 850G2. I disabled the ATI/AMD gpu since I don't need its computing power, so I don't have any notes on GPU part, but with on board intel graphics, everything is very very smooth. Only non-functional item is the fingerprint reader. I get ~7hrs of battery life with normal system administration / development workflow on a KDE desktop. System runs very cool, and fan seldom kicks in if you push the computer hard. I've just remembered: I've used the laptop with a Dell U2411 monitor via DisplayPort, a Dell E2211H monitor via DP -> HDMI adapter and HDMI/DVI cable, both without any issues (incl. hot-plug). I can answer any specific questions if you wish. I use Belkin's charging mat for iPhone X, and it's not picky about the location. Just putting it approximately centered is enough to start charging. Lustre may be old, but it's hardly useless. Some of its capabilities cannot be replaced by any modern storage systems object and file alike. CEPH comes close, but cannot completely replace it. When you connect a thousand nodes to a single storage pool with high throughput and low latency requirements, not everything can cut it. It's also same with me. I downloaded many albums because either the prices were prohibitive to buy, or the albums weren't available here. Spotify allowed me to listen what I want, where I want. I don't like their chromium based application, but if it's the only way that they continue developing their Linux client, I'll not whine about it. However, nothing beats owning the albums. So if the album passes a certain value in my mind, I buy it either on CD or from iTunes for archival and listening on my proper audio system, because all the snake oil and hype aside, nothing beats warmth of a good old amplifier, a decent DAC, and some big, good speakers. If all the balls have shown variations within the same tolerances, that would be true, but balls grouped in a meaningful way, and these groups have shown negligible differences among themselves. Because of this tight variation within the groups, 8 balls are enough IMHO. As a regular Lamy user, none of my Lamys tried to mark my hand to claim me as its servant. Why your pen does it? Burping? Leak? I have a bottle of cellulose reactive fountain pen ink for such purposes. Also, there are mass produced tamper-proof inks. So, in fact it's possible to sign documents with an FP. On the other side of the spectrum is "washable" blues which are waiting to disappear in a small drop of water. For HP, the separation is made at product level. Both consumer and office ink jets have pigmented blacks, but consumer color cartridges are generally dye-based while officejet inkjets and professional printing machines use pigment based color inks. Specification page for cartridges generally gives pigment/dye information. Probably yes. For these stuff I always carry a Uniball elite with blue-black ink (I'm a blue-black guy), and for other documents -like office and other stuff- I use the reactive ink. Uniball's super ink is ridiculously tamper-proof, contrary to its cheesy name. I need to take a look at this. Are you sure that you're not gripping from the lip which locks and creates an air-tight seal? The grip would make it very uncomfortable though. I have a medium Lamy which writes broad-ish (because of production tolerance + well smoothed nib due to long writing sessions) and wets its sealing lip, but even that one never stained my hand. Which ink are you using? Is it extremely wet and eager to flow? Do you fly with the pen? Temperature around the pen? > In 2018, the most popular resolution for users of Firefox is still 1366x768. And only 1920x1080 is making any headway against the dominance of 1366x768. As much as I am surrounded by the culture of multiple 4K+ displays, apparently this is not at all commonplace. 4K doesn't even get listed, presumably lumped into the "Other" category. Most of the tasks in the real world doesn't need multiple 4K displays, including low level and systems development. Most people read stuff, and as a developer and system administrator, when the text is looking good, this means the resolution is enough. > In 2018, the most popular memory amount for users of Firefox is still 4GB, trailed by the also disappointingly small 8GB. In my world, I consider 16GB a bare minimum, but at least with memory I haven't been deluding myself—I know many people economize on memory. Still, I would have thought 8GB was the most common memory size by now. 8 GB is more than enough for most people. My family's Win10 desktop is happy with 4GB, my office desktop is cozy with 8GB. My own desktop has 16GB of RAM, but it runs many, albeit small, virtual machines. "The hardware is cheap, let's waste it" mentality doesn't help anyone and it's wrong. I've written some state of the art algorithms which use 1.5MB of RAM and make the CPU scream for cooling (I develop high performance computing software as a side-academic gig), so like every resource, RAM should be used sparingly. Edit: I've no comment for flash. I think it's a forgotten remnant of old systems. Actually, it's not always the price. Serious developers or seasoned computer enthusiasts doesn't change rigs every couple of years. If one's system is performing well enough, and the user gets used to it, system upgrade can be deferred until some technology or computing resource becomes necessary. When something breaks, the broken part is replaced and upgraded in most cases. Personally, I've just upgraded from 1680x1050 to 1920x1080. My old monitor was 10 years old, and was performing relatively well. I bought a new one, because it started to show its age (mostly backlight age). > As someone who reads text all day, going up to a 27" 150 PPI monitor was huge. You're right, however not everyone has the same desktop space to accomodate a 27" panel. I can barely fit a 24" on my desk. 1440p monitors start at 25". > The other footnote should be that display prices have been crashing recently. When I was in the US at the end of 2014, one of my friends said the same thing about flash drives when I pointed out a $44 PNY 128GB flash drive. Unfortunately, other parts of the world doesn't work same way. Because EUR or other currencies are not fixed against US$, and prices fluctuate at most parts of the world if not increase. So, no, technology doesn't become cheaper as it matures at some parts of the world unfortunately. Addendum: BTW, you are right about the 768p screens are generally found in entry level laptops or netbooks. These devices are most feasible ones when they first came out. Now they are bottom end cash cows which are virtually free to build. Apple's battery fault detection is pretty good actually. Did the battery said "service battery" or "replace battery" while it was operational? If the battery status showed something similar, the battery is already damaged before storage. I have an 2008 MacBook pro, and one of my older batteries have shown the warning. After a year or so that battery has also swollen, albeit in a milder manner than yours. I'm also a software developer and I also have a Linux/Mac mixed environment, and I feel no difference between the two. To be honest, Mac does many things really differently . Yes it feels and sounds like double-think, but I do everything differently from my Linux desktop, and I can do the same things at the same speed, if not faster. On the average, I use them equally, and can do the same thing on both. One footnote is, I do not install anything via homebrew or anything massive which installs into depth of the macOS. For these stuff I have a Linux VM, which is fired up rarely. The feeling and texture of the stop-motion animation or hand drawn animation is not matched by the computer animation. Since we can feel the materials, labor and the natural features of such animations. As a result, we feel more connected. Computers are the other hand isolated from us by their very nature. Resolution, details and other things are higher and better, but they are not natural. So it feels more distant from us. Because of the same reasons I use a mechanical watch, because I can feel the materials, labor and naturalness of the device. edit: Fixed some grammatical errors. Obligatory XKCD: https://xkcd.com/1279/ I also combat with the same problem from time to time. A bit of background: I'm a system administrator of a large computing cluster, and I also develop high performance scientific computing as my side-academic life. The software I develop targets clusters similar to I administer, so I use a lot of Linux, and the software I develop makes the development workstations scream during testing. I personally own a MacBook Pro, and my office gave me (actually I wanted them to buy) an HP EliteBook 850 G2. HP EliteBook is a terrific Linux machine. Everything works out of the box. The backside is accessible with a single latch. It has semi-metal body, reasonably slim and light. Better, it lasts 7 hours on battery (which can be easily replaced), has upgradeable RAM, a separate M2 slot for an additional SSD if you need multi terabyte hard drives, and an eDPI screen (I don't remember the resolution, but it's high). Oh, it has 180 degree hinges, which are non-exotic type. If you want to go berserk, you can add WWAN with GPS support. It has some convenience features too. Glass touchpad, a very good backlit keyboard and better than acceptable speakers. If you want good audio, headphone jack is very good sounding. The machine I use is dual core, very low voltage variant, but the performance is more than enough for 90% of the tasks I perform at office. Since it's very low voltage, it's very very quiet and cool. All-in-all it's a developer's dream if you want to step away from MacBook. Addendum: I disabled the external AMD GPU on it, I use Intel's on-cpu GPU, and I've driven 1920x1200 screens over DP without any problems, inc. hot-plug support. Last, but not the least: HP has a fantastic BIOS which also has nice amenities like advanced charge cutoff and restart percentages like Lenovo Thinkpads. First of all read a lot. Read local communities like Reddit, HN (here), slashdot, etc. This will make you familiar with the daily language. Second, listen a lot. Watch movies with original sound and English subtitles. Try to understand, try to make sense of it. If you listen English songs, try to listen a little more attentive. Then write a lot. Try to take your notes in English. Comment your code in English. Try to comment more into stories or forums around the world. These three will sharpen you in daily English. You'll become more familiar. Becoming fluent becomes after becoming familiar. As everyone said, also read books, novels in English and take notes, however some books' vocabulary may be drastically different from others (e.g., Both Hyperion Cantos and Ready Player One are SciFi novels, but latter one has a much more accessible English than the former). Last but not the least, don't focus on your progress. You'll advance inevitably. Just continue doing so, and you'll find yourself much more improved after some time. Fluency is best when it comes with time, and when it's built step by step, it becomes permanent. You can do all of them at the same time after getting the initial momentum, however not overloading the cognitive capacity is important. Otherwise the process may backfire. The most important point is not forcing yourself to progress, but integrating the language in your life. A foreign language is not an achievement, but a capability (or ability), like programming in another language. You need to integrate into your life, not achieve and set aside. So not forcing is much more healthy IMHO. You're right. English is not my native language, and I learned it in the school, which included speaking, albeit not too much. The steps I outlined is how I sharpened my skills after school, during my non-educational life, in a spontaneous manner. I understood these steps years later, and share them whenever there's a chance to share. I've practiced my speaking skills in the university via presentations, and during my work travels. Also my work requires me to send a lot of English mails, which tend to progress conversation-like. Since they were the things which came to my way rather than I consciously selected, I have no reproducible way of practicing spoken English, so I knowingly omitted those. Thanks a lot. As a non-native speaker, hearing this makes me happy. :) Actually, you're assuming that I'm doing all these to mimic other English speakers, and you're wrong. I'm not a late learner. I'm exposed to English when I'm ~4 yo, and started to learn it at 7. Also, I cannot learn by mimicking. I listen and read to learn, to understand how the culture is choosing words, how it works in real world. It's a kind of practice. Because of my Job, I'm talking with Europeans a lot, and I'm considered a very clearly speaking guy. I've some accent which is carried from my mother tongue, but not from mimicking English dialects. My English education wasn't purely language education. Whole curriculum was in English, so there was no place for mimicking. We were forced to think in English. The language is integrated into our lives for 6+ years. As a result, I can write at the speed of speech. Also while initial spellings are given as complete words, pronunciation is taught to us. So I can reasonably read or speak a work I've never seen. When I go abroad to attend some meetings, I cannot completely switch to my mother tongue (both in spoken voice and inner voice) when I land for 30 minutes or so. Actually my language skills, regardless of language, varies according to my mood and energy, and it's late here. However, this is not to dismiss your comment as moot or anything, I'll keep this in mind. Thanks for the heads up. Thanks for your comments. I generally write at the speed of thought, and don't read my comments for a second time to correct my errors. These tense changes happen when I change the structure of the comment in my head in the real time, and don't revisit the beginning of the sentence to align things back. When I read them for the second time after I send, I spot the errors, but don't always correct them since they are online and intended people possibly read the comment already. Maybe I should write a little slower while commenting, and read again before sending. Thanks for your comments. I'll take note of these, and will revisit from time to time. Most of the commas I use (before the "and" & "or"s) are Oxford Commas which dictates to use a comma before the conjunction if the sentences are separable. If the sentences are separable you don't use the comma. A more general rule is explained in [0]. My juries of my Master's and Ph.D. were very strict in this manner so I learned it the hard way. Now it's hardwired in my brain. Honestly I may be over using them, and will write more carefully. [0] https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/30516/should-i-u... Generally the corrections were between independent clauses, and I made some research on the matter at that time. It's possible that I just mix the name of the rules since I got them from the back of my memory. Thanks for clarifying these up. Will keep these in mind too. The headline reminds me of similar discoveries which happen in Master of Orion series and announced by GNN (Galactic News Network). I'm thinking the same thing... I didn't see any Fedora "production" servers in my system administration life. Since Fedora is a kind of test bed for RedHat development, it is not considered for serious/production servers. Also, since CentOS is a well established free alternative to RHEL, the unwritten rules point to CentOS for RedHat based servers. I have been parts of projects which failed just because the manager refused to accept that developers' need uninterrupted time to start and warm-up to achieve full speed in their daily routines. Add micromanagement into this mix, and the environment quickly approaches to real-life-dilbert. Addenda: Obligatory dilbert: http://dilbert.com/strip/2018-04-21 Meditation. I'm doing zen meditation approximately for 4 years. It helps me to find real reasons behind my most complex emotions, a way to untangle this complexity, and solve them for good. The most important point of meditation is to apply the lessons to the daily life. i.e. if you find one of your behaviors is the root cause of bad events or feelings, you need to change the behavior, otherwise nothing will go better (You can exchange behavior with a belief, feeling, or anything else). Meditation is not a tool to feel better as the more popular approaches say. It's a precise instrument to introspect unto one's self, and change for the better. I'm not telling it's easy or a silver bullet, but when applied correctly it's very powerful indeed. > It's sort of like being bullied in elementary school, and then high school, and then college, and then as a working adult. You never outgrow the bullying. Indeed, the bullying seems to get worse as one matures and loses the youthful physical characteristics which people often read as non-threatening. It's not just the appearance of the people who bullies you. Bullying forces you to become more closed, and changes you fundamentally while you learn to resist it. Unfortunately, resisting bullying needs one to unlearn "inherent (baseline) trust" when meeting with new people, and unlearn "implicit trust" which is reinforced with the duration of civilized communication and relationships, because bullying can come from the least expected person at most unsuspected time. Also, continuous bullying warps one's perception about discussion. Any sign of escalation causes any bullying victim to just change the subject and feel bad about itself, because bullying starts with (generally intentional) disagreement, then this disagreement is used for a basis for physical or psychological bullying. Bullied people may not hate from themselves, but they cannot be content with themselves either. They always think that something is wrong with them, and feel powerless to correct it, because continued bullying is only possible when the victim is bullied regardless of his/her character, intention, behavior or capacity. Prolonged bullying really leaves deep wounds like trust issues, complete lack of self confidence, fear of communication and feelings of inferiority. These wounds are very hard to heal, because as time passes and one grows up, society thinks that these issues are over and doesn't care. Also, people don't seek help since these features are considered part of the character and deemed fixed after a certain age, but they are not. Good friends, and a really caring person can change everything if the person wants to heal. It's hard, but not impossible. How do I know this? Because I'm bullied for 10 years straight. Edit: Clarify sentences. Debian has key distribution system. Every critical password/key/etc. is divided into `n` parts, where `m` parts (obviously m These are used primarily for repository private keys, revocation keys and like. In this scenario, in case of emergency, secondary level officials can assemble the key (or secret) if something unfortunate occurs to the top level management. For Debian FTP Archive secret keys, Debian uses 3 out of 5 arrangement, as can be seen in https://ftp-master.debian.org/keys.html . See SSSS holders section. I have used ip -oneline to parse configuration of servers, and it's really practical. The only real gripe I have with IP is their long argument/switch format. Unlike everyone else, ip is a minority, which accepts long options with single dash "-". This prevents someone from combining many short parameters under a single dash, also it's confusing to use. Yes, it unofficially supports the old double dash format, but if you are supporting it, there's no point in supporting single dash long options. Accepting everything at the same time is very nice in theory, but in the optimal case, the library should be able to mimic at least some established conventions. Extreme flexibility becomes a burden after a certain point if it lacks adaptability. Standards are built for these reasons. Disclaimer: I'm not trying to be the Devil's advocate here, but just wanted to share an observation. Apple always removes stuff which looks untimely or just plain stupid (headphone jacks, optical drives, USB/Firewire ports, optical in & out, rosetta, APIs, etc). Always the same outrage has happened, but things normalize then. People, companies adapt, hell does not freeze over, company doesn't go bankrupt. I feel that maintaining OpenGL & OpenCL felt like a burden to Apple. We all know that Apple likes to control everything from hardware to user interface, and GPU drivers are one of the most notoriously complex, overprotected part of the software stack. In the OpenCL world compilers and other stuff (I don't remember the terms clearly, sorry) also gets in, and makes everything much more complex. Maybe this move will help them to slim the drivers to the basic "hardware-software" interface level and build metal and related technologies to their own term on top of this relatively simple interface. I have a feeling that metal can be directly translated bidirectionally and relatively cheaply to OpenGL (and maybe Vulkan and OpenCL too), so at the end things don't become extremely complex for everyone. Apple doesn't feel that backwards compatibility is strictly necessary unless things can be translated and made to work with relatively good performance. As a Linux and Mac user for 10+ years, these are my observations. They may be wrong, technically incomplete or else. Feel free to discuss, debunk, or downvote. > But that doesn't mean we took the best path. There is always an alternative future if x hadn't happened at all. If x hadn't happened, we might be in a better place, rather than accepting it and doing the best we can. Of course. I didn't mean to say that Apple is designing the best possible future or making the best possible decisions. I'd rather have a future where these technologies are supported as first class citizens by everyone, and I can just cross compile this stuff with virtually no porting or optimization effort, however unfortunately this is not the world we live in right now. As I said, mine is an observation rather than taking one side. Intel provides a lot of patches for Linux Kernel, for their hardware, performance counters, and their graphics drivers are open source under mainline. I'm not mentioning their wired Ethernet and other various drivers. Being one of the top contributors in Linux/OSS/FLOSS doesn't allow them to come clean from their 28-core, inadvertently but conveniently miscommunicated demo. There's a similar terminal for macOS and iOS called cathode. iOS version even uses accelerometer to mimic screen wavering when moved. The mac version was using a lot of CPU cycles, so I stopped using it, but it's worth checking. These small log files really help to keep things in perspective. However for longer plans I use Trello. It works as an issue tracker / planner for me so I can put the bits I find on the issue to the cards, or to my dropbox and link them. When I finish a task, I put all relevant information to a folder in my "Old documents" folder, and put the card to the "Done" column. If the task is a project, everything is already become documented and archived on git at the end. Actually you're right. Some of the projects are tools for my own task automation, and others are some just R&D. Maybe I can create the landing page for the tools, and gauge the interest in them. My 486DX had one. It actually connected to the MB, and controlled the CPU speed. Some games like Prehistorik 1/2 had slowed down considerably when I toggled the button. The button was also wired handsomely. When untoggled (out position), the Turbo LED was lit and system was fast. When pressed, LED is turned off and system was slow. Since all buttons (Power, Turbo and Reset) were flush, it was aesthetically pleasing too. It depends on perspective and expectations. I'm a macOS and Linux user for 10+ years. From multimedia editing perspective Linux is a little behind, however in photography field there are tools which can provide terrific results. For RAW conversion, RAW therapee is available, which is considered superior to many proprietary converters, demosaicers. While it cannot compete with C1 or LR, there's darktable (and I like its RAW conversion more). I have not tried the HDR tools yet, but I think they're promising. I'm not knowledgable in video editing, and don't work in a color-managed environment, so I'm skipping these. For office applications, Using Office is your choice. I'm using LibreOffice for a long time on Mac and Linux, even for professional situations. It served me well, and serving well. It's also playing fairly well with latest Office formats, at least with the files I encounter. There were times when ATI/AMD support was bad, really bad, hardware damaging bad. I personally experienced some of those and reported directly them to ATI. There were times ATI/AMD literally had no video playback support via official drivers, but they're stories of past. AMD is a company which re-designed its silicon to provide better and more complete Linux support. ATI/AMD is not a company which is ignorant of Linux anymore. Why not run a small set of tests after installing and see whether the required set of FS features available? Experienced users run plethora of filesystems which support the needs of dropbox. IMHO, this is a lazy solution to a relatively simple problem. From a QA point you're actually right. I don't think Dropbox needs to support all filesystems, but as a programmer and and advocate of better user experience, I'd like to see a system which behaves a little differently: a- FS is something we support, great! Go on... b- FS is an unsupported one, so run the tests and if they pass warn the user: "Hey! We don't support this, but it looks like working. If it fails we can not support you. Are you sure? (Y/N)" c- FS is an unsupported one, so run the tests and if they fail tell the user: "Hey! We can not work on this FS, sorry.". The good thing is you implement the tests once. Since, POSIX standard is a standard, so run the tests over that interface. You practically don't need to maintain anything about the tests. Maybe run a couple of unit tests over a simulated environment, that's all. This is a hell of a demo, on a hell of a hardware. It's as impressive as 8088MPH if you ask me. I love how things can be labeled as unprovable in a snap by people who doesn't suffer from such quirks. Personally I can't stand people who are eating stuff or chewing gum while they are on the phone with me. Same with noisy eating in a silent place. I sometimes silently leave the place if I can, or warn the eater as politely as I can, if he/she's my friend. Heck, if I'm extremely tired or weary I can not even stand myself sometimes. Personally I didn't experience it in the "absence" of the stimulus, so I cannot comment on that part. I only wanted to point that absence of some irritation or uncomfortable feeling in presence of the stimulus for one person is not enough for one to label such sinister and delicate matters as "not real" or "non-existent". I'm asking this as a thought experiment, nothing personal. What if, fixing things the way you like breaks these features for someone else? With that e-mail, Linus has just leveled up. Hope that he can find the way to separate his firmness and "quest for a better patch" from his somewhat volatile responses. Yes, reading Linus' e-mails is somewhat fun, like watching a documentary with some satirical, comical moments. On the other hand, being on the receiving end of these conversations are always painful, and yes he possibly kept some people away from kernel development. Being burnt and roasted and yelled at for your best effort can break your motivation from its foundation if you are new at something, and it's not really fun. I congratulate him for being honest with himself and us, and congratulate again for trying to change and improve himself. I also believe that if Linus can patch himself up and make the new version work, Linux kernel will also change for the better. At least its development community will work with lower stress levels, and can talk more freely. Again, congrats Linus. Just go for it! Edited: Ambigious words and sentences are corrected, effects of late night commenting are masked. Run a benchmark on it and compare the numbers. If they are on par with the results obtained when the device was new, maybe your expectations have changed. It's already written, but things require absolute efficiency and high performance, like HPC and ML cannot be done without C++. I develop some HPC code, and most of them is infeasible without C++. Other languages' high performance libraries PIL and numPy is written with C & C++. Then, they will run the service behind a crucial Google address / web page. Then what? While I understand and agree that they're benefits for the user, its interpretation and decision shall be made by the users themselves. If the company supplying these features are forcefully making these decisions on behalf of me, I can assume that there are other intentions and motivations for providing these services to me for "free". There's a problem with exfiltrate via BMC network theory. In a sane setup, your BMC connection cannot access internet. You should build an isolated intranet for it (including VLAN or hardware isolation, not just subnet/IP), and put a VPN in the front gate. As a result, you login to your data center, or go to there if you like metaphors. If nobody’s there via VPN, BMC network is a silent and dark place. No connection to outside, no unknown traffic, just silence. Only exception may be the discovery packets of some BMCs, which can find similar servers and form federations for easier management. Even this needs some setup beforehand. This is a BIOS setting, and even while the BMC's working over the primary NIC, it retains its independent MAC and IP address (and VLAN if you set it up). Also, even if the NIC is shared with the BMC and the OS, you cannot see the NIC of the BMC on the PCI bus. They are isolated at the hardware level. I manage lots of these servers for a long time, and this is my firsthand experience. :) Today's network cards are small computers of their own. So it'd be very hard to inject packages with all this kernel-hardware integration at the module level IMHO. The card would probably throw a tantrum if you try to access it directly. TBH, while I'm knowledgeable about hardware, I'm a total beginner in attack side of cybersecurity. At least, we are segmenting our networks like that. Yes, but if you isolate at cable level, using primary NICs MAC and IP is moot. If you're sharing the medium, you need a good security team. Attacks involving writing to / reading from memory & exfiltrating that data needs proof of concept code now. Hope someone with comparable hardware and BMC modifies OpenBMC's code to steal some stuff from the OS for research purposes. If it can be proved, the results will be relatively fun and certainly revolutionary. I don't agree with 7 and 8. I like silent apps while working, and actually I'm used to applications saying nothing if everything is correct. Also, "outputting something to stdout just because I can" kills scriptability a lot. Using tables, colors and other stuff requires a lot of terminal support. MacOS terminal, iTerm, Linux terminals supports a lot of stuff, but not always (our team is generally using XTerm for example). Implementing these are acceptable if there's a robust code detecting terminal capabilities and falling back gracefully and without treating these more streamlined terminals as lesser citizens, and this requires a lot of development, head banging and maintenance. If you're accepting the challenge, then go on. BTW, That unicode spinner is nice. Very nice. Checking whether you're connected to a TTY is a good practice, but there's also cognitive advantages of silent applications too. Also, similarly you can have a -v --verbose set to make the application talkative. It's also an option. I missed that. It's actually a much bigger problem. stdout and stderr(or) is two output paths to explicitly diverge error logs and problems from standard output. stdout / stdin is reserved for user interaction, informational messages (md5sum), actual output (ls, less, etc.), and the like. OTOH, stderr is explicitly for error messages only, and it's very useful (and necessary). A real use case from my daily job: I'm an administrator of a large system (approx ~1K servers), and I have substantial amount of cattle, and a lot of pets [0]. All of these servers have cron jobs, and other automated tasks on them. All servers can mail to a local mail server to report us problems, so our cron automatically mails any outputs to us. All the tools we use, and scripts we write have the following properties: - If everything is OK, they are silent by default. - They output to stderr, if anything notable happens. - Also we copy (think tee) all stderr to their respective logs (both local and on a centralized server). Now consider: - The (e-mail, log) noise if all the tools were writing their outputs to stdout. - The work required to silence all tools. What if they don't have any --quiet switches? - Furthermore, they wrote everything to stderr. How can I know whether thing has worked as it should? - How can I find the problem quickly if everything is written to "Error" log? - Furthermore how can I revise the errors happened quickly? Info & Error on the same file. grep galore! - How can I silent a tool (by redirecting to /dev/null) if both normal and error logs are written via stderr? These are the simple problems that I can come up on a real, big production system in five minutes. I can find more problematic scenarios which will happen on a daily basis, if I think more. All these conventions, folklore, recommended usage and facilities are in place because of the needs and the experience acquired in the history of these systems. Running around them amok, just because they enable color, pretty spinners, or justify some narrow usage scenario is not correct. These conventions and philosophy [1] allowed *NIX systems to scale without needing excessive administrative elbow grease. Ignoring these, and developing tools which use facilities and conventions as they please will degrade the ability to manage these systems with minimal work. I can always grep, but it will be inefficient and not guaranteed to get everything that I want, and also it will cost me and the computer time to do so. Like algorithms, systems are easier to manage when "n" is small. When "n" gets big, these tasks got really hard, really fast. So, develop tools to ease tasks. Not to show-off. [0] https://www.engineyard.com/blog/pets-vs-cattle [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix_philosophy Edit: Tried to increase readability. In most cases, the process has some hidden steps and hoops which are unrelated to patch. The patch methodology will be probably criticized. Sometimes this criticism will go beyond the boundaries and leak to personal space of the developer, and the dialog will turn abrasive or abusive. And a patch written in two days will be revised an revised for weeks. Not all revisions will be made for logical or legitimate reasons. Then the developer will submit its patch, it'll be accepted at last, and the developer will never patch anything again, for ever. It'll be burnt out in a single patch. Some communities do this, and often they don't know what they're doing. I personally wouldn't do kernel patches. Heck, can't dare to ask anything to the list. Because I don't want the harassment. Also there's the silent ignorance in the mailing lists because your question is too basic or uninteresting or just posted to wrong-ish list. That's a different matter, but results in the same avoidance reflex. > Add in a smarmy attitude and poor social skills and only the most confident or skilled people will contribute; which isn't a bad thing to be honest. Personally I'm playing with computers since Commodore64 days. I'm occasionally publishing papers about algorithms that solve real problems that I develop (just submitted one yesterday). I'm confident about my skills, and generally know about my stuff, however I don't like uncivilized brawl. So to be able to be a developer whose patches to be accepted, I need to be a person who can put up with snarky comments, and be able to return them with the same level of abusiveness? Sorry. Life is too short for that. > I can see the other side of the coin as well - the need to maintain the code quality, and probably the burnout of multiple “stupid” questions/patches. I can imagine how it gets tiring especially if one does it in their spare time. It gets tiring only if you despise answering these "basic" and/or seemingly "stupid" questions. In my day job I'm a system administrator of an HPC cluster, and we also do technical support ourselves. Users ask questions "wrong" all the time. Not enough information, seemingly simple details, etc. I personally never get mad at them, because they don't know how to do it better. We generally try to guide them, point to the correct places, test the problem ourselves, and see what happens, but never intentionally harass them. You can maintain the code quality with a polite "Why this patch didn't pass the inspection" letter. There's a similar effort called "I downvoted because" [0], but even giving links from that page requires some niceness. Just pasting the relevant URL also looks and feels rude. If a user is intentionally volatile, we defuse them. If they're intentionally malicious, we block/prevent them. If they're intentionally smarmy or snarky, they get polite but firm answers. At the end they cool down, because they cannot fuel their anger with our reactions. > Do I have the right to say “they need to be more patient/welcoming”? Probably I don’t - but equally I don’t fancy being someone’s emotional grounding. They don't need to be patient, if one is intentionally testing their patience. They don't need to be (overly) welcoming, but they need to be polite enough to tell that, or point the person to right way. Saying "no" is not a problem, but not pointing the next step is problematic, especially if the asking person doesn't know the better. At the end, these behaviors are not because of the person asking the question, or sending in that "stupid" patch. It's about the person who's reacting to the patch/question/whatever. They don't like something, or see something and get triggered, then unload all the rage upon the asking person regardless of relevance of the rage. For one, knowing oneself better is as essential knowing the stuff that you're working on. Having a baseline niceness is a win for everyone, because it makes life much simpler without softening boundaries. In fact, it strengthens them without making them intimidating. [0] http://idownvotedbecau.se Disclaimer: I'll intentionally use "you" to address you, since you expressed some emotions, and I'll directly address them, but I won't hurt you. > I do not want to emotionally disassociate myself from my creative work so that I no longer have this reaction. I enjoy being this emotionally connected to my work. I also see programming as a form of art, and I'm also attached to my code emotionally, however you need to understand that, when someone says that your code "sucks" it's their point of view. Neither you nor your code sucks. It may not be doing something in a certain way the critical person likes or prefers . Even if your patch is plain wrong , this doesn't change the real value of you or your code. You've put the effort and tried something. You're the man in the arena [0]. If the person is agreeable, you can talk and improve the code and the persons involved in this. If not, do not take the critics' criticisms and move on. Even if your patch or code is wrong , it doesn't give the person the right to hurt you. So don't allow him/her to do so. The critic might be right in its words , but wrong in its attitude . You can learn to separate the two, and thank for the advice while giving back the thorny part. Yes it's a very hard thing to learn, but when you learn it, you can keep the ability without much maintenance. When you learn this skill, you do not emotionally disconnect from your work. On the contrary, your connection is stronger and the elements cannot affect this connection between you and your work. Also, you have a much pure and powerful kind of empathy as a result of this learning process. Because you can look from the eyes of the critic, with the disconnection of the critic from your life and work, and process this criticism with the emotional connection to your code. This transforms the whole situation into something hard to describe, but it's very powerful indeed. Last but not the least, it's free from the emotional damage that critic deals (knowingly or unknowingly). Code on, keep creating and at least put it somewhere visible. You don't need to shout about it. [0] http://www.theodore-roosevelt.com/trsorbonnespeech.html > The difference is that you are paid to do that. You are not helping those people out of personal altruism. I'm not working as a system administrator for its pay, I work here because I like my job. Payment is a side effect of it. So it's like a paying hobby for me. It also other side benefits like being able to carry my academic knowledge to my work and vice versa. > , so wasted time is not lost. I do not consider helping a person to learn something, to show something they don't know, or to point them the right direction as wasted time . It's kind of planting seeds. It may come alive or not. I just put in the effort that I can. > You did a successful job nonetheless. Honestly, thanks. :) > If I on the other hand like to help people with coding problems in my free time, and they don't even bother to properly format the code they want me to look at, I'm wasting time if I still try to read it. I'd auto-format in Eclipse and try to read for five minutes. If I fail, then I send back my formatting work and politely ask for making it more readable. This is my way of saying no: "Hey I can't help you, but that's what I've done while my time allowed. If you do your part, I'll try again to do my part when I have more free time." My time, and nobody's time is for free, and using it effectively is very wise, you're right! > Yeah, there are strategies for dealing with criticism. I use this a lot when dealing with customers (I love the analogy of the feedback bucket - put the shitty feedback in the bucket and use it to grow roses of insight). It's easier to deal with this kind of criticism, because the customer is always right. That's a good strategy too, however I do not explicitly use the things I said as a "strategy". I always live like that, so it can be said that it's my default mode. However, I need to say I was much like you. With some hard work and determination I've changed myself. > But add the emotional vulnerability to the well-known entitlement stuff ("I used your code in my project and it doesn't work, so you need to fix it"), and the hassle of dealing with other people (ugh), and, well... why bother? I wouldn't bother too, but send them a bug report template to fill. If they say it doesn't work, they need to put the money where their mouth is, and tell me exactly why and how it doesn't work. > The upside that you describe - or struggle to describe... I've never experienced that. I find myself explaining my code to someone because they criticised it without understanding it, and there's no feelgood there. I wish there was. You're telling yourself. My code didn't suck, but they didn't read/understand it. Don't forget that the problem is on the other side of the fence. You don't need to feel bad, because the other side didn't understand it. It's not because your code sucked. Don't let them throw their frustration to your turf. I also don't believe that "I am responsible for my emotions". It frames emotional / emphatic people as weak as you say, however I don't also think that retaliating with anger is a solution to this problem, but I also don't imply pacifism as the solution. Every kind of bullying is deteriorating and highly damaging. I've experienced this for 10 years straight, and I decided that I will never do anything to anyone that I don't want to experience (Don't sow anything you don't want to reap). However in real life, we need to protect ourselves against these manipulators and bullies. We can overpower them, we can play their game or we just become too hard to attack. I've chosen the third way. When someone attacks me in any way, I don't provide them any fuel with my anger or sorrow. I give them nothing. If they're criticizing me, I note words (but not the emotions), and give them a hard think. If I can get anything useful from it, I use the advice. If nothing comes out, I throw everything away. Of course I'm not perfect at this, I also have soft sides. I sometimes short circuit after the event, but I sorted out most problematic parts of my life that way. I even saved my career that way. It's not an easy thing, but it's highly rewarding if you ask me. If they want the tests to be written beforehand by the patch developer, they need to write that in the guidelines. If that isn't present in the guidelines, or they're not accepting patches to testing/building process, they should write these tests themselves. Otherwise it's just the same thing as child labor. Unethical, ugly, and sad. While I also love MagSafe and its features, wouldn't having a more standard port is much better? iPhones are constantly bashed by a group of users because of not having USB-C connectors. Having four USB-C ports with identical capabilities on a MacBook pro is a more pragmatic and flexible solution to have, when compared to MagSafe. On the power level and power button issue, Apple changes its features to shape customer behavior and expectation from its devices. Apple removed battery meter from Macs since it's standby is too long (30 days) and robust (auto-hibernation), so you're unlikely to run out of juice. They also believe in the stability of MacOS such that it's not important whether the machine is off or in standby. Because it boots in ~10 seconds and wakes up in ~2. They want to remove these distinctions from their computers and try to lower your cognitive load. Actually this is one of the finest features of the Macs IMHO. They don't make you think to use it. Open the lid, and if the screen doesn't come on, press the power button, done. It's also possible and a sound idea, however I think that idea is filtered by Johnny Ive's "remove everything which is not strictly necessary" rule, and his love for clean designs and symmetry (which is an evolution of Sony design philosophy BTW). IMHO, Macs are much more functional than they look, but they need a different way of thinking and some adjustment. Apple likes to move in front of the curve in terms of connectivity and its utilization. It's their way of design, and they like to show it as a part of the brand. However, I'm not implying that everyone should be comfortable with the operation principles of new MacBooks or their devices in general. I love the challenge and the different perspectives they bring, but it's sometimes limiting and slowing down until finding the best way to utilize them. This is why we have different brands and designs, because one design indeed doesn't fit all. You're right. I also like Rams and aware some of his work. Also I see traces of his work through Mac/iOS calculators (which nods to Braun's ones), and apple's software (low level) design philosophy. That adjustment, at least in my case, doesn't come from the tool itself. I'm also a heavy Linux desktop user, so making two systems work nice (for my standards) took some time when I introduced Macs into my workflow ~10 years ago. Currently I have no friction. I think if I was solely a Mac user, that initial friction should be non-existent. OTOH, the newest Mac I have is a Mid-2014 MBP. I don't know how the new ones compare. Honestly, I'm way too flexible and adaptable when it comes to new designs and paradigms. I think I don't have the complaint circuitry in my brain. I like to just accept and adapt. I see it as a way to counteract the tendency of being fixed on things I like, but are outdated. I also love to bring good ideas and features from new things to the old, to refine my old habits and increase productivity. But, as I always say, that's just me. Even old Nokia phones were able to test the maximum current drawable from the charger connected to their charging port, and adjust charging current accordingly. A cutting edge smartphone which cannot manage its battery charging process sounds a bit strange. AFAIK Qi is a standard which can communicate too, so things look stranger... For the uninitiated, Nokia phones had a feature called net-monitor which acted as a global debug console and had 60-something pages. One of these pages were battery and charging status and data. Creating signature normalization wrappers, which contain superset of all the function parameters really complicates the code a lot. It's like trying to push anything and everything through a little hole. "Everything is fast for small n." -Knuth. While syncing some million files, I'm sure it'll have an impact tho. P.S.: Yes, we use it for a million files, regularly. IIRC, switch statements bigger than a certain sizes are compiled to jump tables. So it's just a static jump after the code finds a working method. In theory, it's a very cheap piece of assembly after that point. PoC||GTFO's [0] most issues are polyglot files. Taken from 0x16 [1]'s introduction: This file, pocorgtfo16.pdf , is a polyglot that is valid as a PDF document, a ZIP archive, and a Bash script that runs a Python webserver which hosts Kaitai Struct’s WebIDE which, allowing you to view the file’s own annotated bytes. [0]: https://www.alchemistowl.org/pocorgtfo/ [1]: https://www.alchemistowl.org/pocorgtfo/pocorgtfo16.pdf We've bought some of their high end ZFS boxes. While I cannot comment for the hardware and experience (I temporarily left the team after we bought the HW), during the buying process I gained some valuable insight about them. It looks like, unlike Apple, Microsoft or Google they are motivated solely by the money. Not the monopoly, not the domination, not the technology, just the money. If they can earn the same amount of money, without doing anything, they will happily do that. Yes, they have very good technologies, but they are just built for the money. Every corporation is in for the money, but money is generally a byproduct of good services and technologies, however it's backwards for Oracle. Services, products, and technologies are a byproduct of money. Money is not needed for products. Products are needed for money. This is why Oracle is used also as an acronym for Larry Ellison's character and material wealth. @faceplanted, exactly that. Thanks for the clarification. On the contrary, Java is a very nice language in its core. It was dubbed C+- or C++ for lazies, and the language fits to this definition very nicely. For most part, it can do a lot of things easily, but since it was a heavy language when the computers was as powerful as a Raspberry Pi (MK-I), it became infamous because of its resource usage. This problem was compounded by Java's "conceal programmer's errors" mentality, especially in Java Swing. Swing has a very specific way of initializing things, and if you mix them up, Swing fixes them internally, but with a performance penalty. This results in performance penalties and increased resource usage. As a result, Java was used as programmers' MATLAB for a decade or more. This is because it's very widespread, and very hard to monetize. It became a commodity runtime like Python in early 2000s (and Sun was actually happy about it). By experience, I divide the businesses / businessmen into two main groups. First group is motivated by serving the demands and needs of the market, and they earn money as a result. Second group wants to earn money, and they earn money by trying to serve the market's demand or by bullying people into buying their products. First group earns way more money, produces way more higher quality goods, and people are happy to work with them, because don't feel ripped off or short changed. The second group makes you feel ripped off, produces inferior products and never supports you if something goes wrong. Earning money is a side-effect for the first group. Yes, they earn money, but since they provide quality goods or services, they earn money without effort. For the second group since earning money is the primary target, they don't care about the products they provide unless the money stops flowing. I didn't intend to imply that business shall be free. I tried to say that good business inevitably brings money in, and Oracle doesn't provide good business to earn money. They just want your money, and give you something in return to act as a memorial item and as an instrument to get more money from you. Relevant discussion in another Oracle related post[0]. [0]: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18389481 Other companies may be behaving similarly, but Oracle is the perceived worst, and it says something. Because, they plainly don't hide it and try to be nice, at least. I also think that they're the worst in the industry. I think he's doing his job very, very well [0]. The vulnerability in linked post is disclosed directly to the public. [0]: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18395855 Sorry, I missed the statistics part. I've never came across the one you mentioned either. I'd love to read that. My perceived worst definition was not about only business practices BTW. I meant in every category . Nonetheless, supporting the products you sold are also a business. :) I have seen a complete project. The project was maintained by one person. Former developer left and transferred his work to the next. It was a C project, but the second developer was coming from a Java background. So his half is all written with Java notation and naming conventions. The thing was maths-heavy and had no comments. Instead they were consulting to a documentation book which also had file names and approximated line numbers. The error tracing was done with function call stacks, so every function pushed some data into a global stack before a critical operation and, popped the same data if everything went without any problems. Some libraries they were using were ad-hoc patched to taste, and grafted into the code tree. So, debugging was 5x harder and longer. The functions were not divided into headers in a logical way, they were ad-hoc. So finding something was dependent on an source indexer or a grep sprint. Last but not the least, the developer was so arrogant that the bugs were resolved by threatening to force him to clone his code and sent it out to another developer to debug and clean. Otherwise he pretended that the bugs were not present, because it was running on his test bed. ... and yes. It was in production. Obligatory XKCD: https://xkcd.com/303/ Absolutely. Maybe, if we pitch the idea to Randall, he may prove it. :) I have a deep respect for BSD family, and their way of doing things, but regardless of OS and distro, apt is probably the most advanced package manager currently. When used with aptitude, it's very easy to use, extremely powerful and flexible. Also, it has the most extensive knowledge on details of packages in terms of dependency graphs and modification of files which belongs to packages. At least, that's what I saw in 14 years. I also despised having systemd for some time, but it's not giving big headaches in our installations. So I adapted and got used to it. Besides being a multi-role-somewhat-messy-blob, what are the grief points of systemd in 2018? Edit: carified the question. No, honestly I didn't. I've installed OpenBSD to a VM in the beginning of the year to learn it, but I had no time to either play or learn using it. Looks like I need to resume learning it. Thanks. administration differences, not being designed according to UNIX principles and personal dislike towards developer(s) is coming to my mind. administration differences is the most direct effect of systemd, but after learning its various compatibility layers and watchdog functions, it can be tamed to a great helper. not being designed according to UNIX principles (composition of single-role small applications, which are doing their jobs very very well) is also bothering me, but we need to be pragmatic here. inter-process-communication cannot replace in-memory-communication in all cases it seems. The hate towards the developer(s) is stemming from his attitude, history (he's also developer of pulseaudio IIRC) and somewhat from his coding style. It seems like he's a kind of guy who can defend his work, do this in an unorthodox way, make it work and got it accepted. At the end of the day, the hate is a feeling and is personal. I think we need to be pragmatic here too. Not that better communication from both parties will benefit everyone and everything in the long run. At the end of the day, we are using systemd, and it's working. If we want a better system, we need to improve it. systemd is the state of the art right now, and we should either write something better or improve it if we have any beef with systemd itself. OTOH, Beef with developers is something that should stay out of software and community in general. My original comment was trying to explore whether there are more reasons to dislike it besides the original points that I stated above. Doesn't Debian support[0] init system switching? Just curious. [0]: https://wiki.debian.org/Init Thanks, will try FreeBSD first, then. You're right, I didn't take the scripts part into consideration, also the problem of breaking pipelines is real, there's no doubt about that. However, dividing teams into developers and (Dev)Ops sides like warring factions is not healthy. I'm also an ops guy (more precisely a sysadmin who supports a lot of users and servers) in my day job, and a I develop stuff for academic world and for my own pleasure in my free time, so I know both sides of the so-called moat. Using features because they're hot is not also OK for any application, but not using features which can solve real problems is unwise in my book. We also had hacks which were working perfectly fine until systemd came. We evolved, changed how we do things and moved along. > "It works fine for us , so it can't be a problem for anyone else, right? Right?" I didn't want to tell or imply anything resembling this. I just gave my own opinion, based on my experience. I will try both, promise. :) I also find OpenBSD's ideology more resonating to me. I also like the usage homogeneity, but not everyone thinks the same way. I also like the loginctl and service auto-recovery functions TBH. Will check it, thanks. They have listened to the people. Systemd has selected as a result of a poll [0]. [0] https://people.debian.org/~stapelberg/2013/05/27/systemd-sur... As an (un)written rule, UNIX commands are mostly silent, and output something if something went wrong. This is one of the things that systemd got right I think. Yes, it feels awkward at first, but systemd's behavior is not wrong. edit: oh, downvoted, OK. This is actually an outcome of rule of silence, which is part of the UNIX philosophy [0]. [0]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix_philosophy#Rule_of_Silenc... > SystemD was selected by the Technical committee, which was very far from unanimous in the decision. I didn't know that. I thought the poll was open to anyone to vote for the relevant time window. > Debian broke their social contract, showing that their priority was no longer with their users. Isn't this a little bold claim? AFAICS, the poll has spotted the potential problems and general grievances pretty well (like binary logs, etc.), and concluded that these reservations should be addressed before systemd has included in Debian? I'm not trying to defend systemd here. As I said in my comments, I disliked it first, and then I learnt and got used to it. My teammates has shown bigger reactions to it, and then they liked it too, after we configured it to behave the way we like. I didn't migrate to systemd voluntarily. It fell from above on me in a pretty hard way. What's wrong with chrony and ntpd? Just curious. BTW, how can I contribute? I might get interested if I have time. Martial arts are not always about fighting. It also has a lot of with body control, emotional control, focus and being calm. You don't need to practice heavy, fight oriented figures to practice martial arts too. I'm a Zen practitioner for ~4 years, and my master is also started to mix qigong into the practices. I also dance (tango), and there's awful lot in common with qigong about body control, movement and balance. There's an old proverb: "A good dancer is a good fighter, and a good fighter is a good dancer." Thanks! Congrats to you too. Tango is something much deeper than dancing, esp. when you have other practices in your life. You should certainly take these lessons! I'm from Turkey, my tango teacher is also from Turkey, and my master is from Korea. You can reach me via http://bayindirh.io I know that kind of concentration, or zoning out to be precise. Alertly listening your internal metronome and rest of the band/orchestra and being calm enough to trust your body and instincts at the same time. That's a tall order. I've also played double bass in a symphony orchestra, I know the stress and thrill that creates :D . While we were chatting with our master, art and martial arts came into subject. It turns out that practitioners also practiced classic arts (music, painting, dancing, drawing, calligraphy, etc.) during their training. It's considered a catalyst and an essential part of the training, because it promotes calm, focusing and fine work. It also balances the more outward/powerful side of the energy. As a developer, I consider coding as an art. Writing code with the same concentration and calmness both accelerates the development of the code and really settles some of the dust which practice inevitably stirs up. Really, everything is much more connected than it seems. Please don't give up drumming. I'm aware of the Debian's Technical Committee, but I was unable to follow them all-along during that so-called discussion . During this period, I was a developer and so-called tech lead of a Debian derivative distro. We were working on some absurd requirement about generating system responses on some events, pulling continuous all-nighters. One day systemd packages arrived to Debian (sid or testing, I don't remember), and using it solved our problem. This is how I became aware that Debian packaged systemd, and it's gonna be the next default init, that's all. As I said before, I don't blindly support systemd or anything. I'm just using Debian for 14 years or so, and I'm riding on what comes along. I don't have time to devote serious development time to them, however I wish I was able to contribute into Debian or any serious FOSS project. Hmprhf. > coding can be an art but you need a special context (interesting problem, good tools, good colleagues [or your own sel]). I'm a self motivated coder TBH. My day job is HPC cluster administration (the team is also fun), and I'm interested in high performance algorithms personally. I've also completed my MSc. and PhD, and developed projects which needs high performance algorithms and methods. I currently work on problems and projects of my own and write research papers occasionally, so I'm a happy camper. > the other art idea is interesting, because no matter the field, the sensitivity required to feel good and do good is about the same, just through different senses (finger, ear, etc). Far east practices help someone to build some enormous power, however this power needs to be controlled. Otherwise, it's nearly impossible to put it to good use. Other arts help developing this control via extreme concentration and with the requirement of fine and refined results. >Drumming can be as minute as painting or clockwork... There's no doubt about that. We (the double basses and tubas) always relied on drummers consistency as a backup metronome in the orchestra. Funnily there's a triple redundancy in that part of the orchestra. Double basses, tubas and drums all listen to each other to regulate their tempo. And there's the conductor, who acts as the authoritative metronome. > I'm not sure I get the 'enormous power' part... Unfortunately, it's very hard to describe with words, you need to experience/feel it. For a very simple analogy, it can be compared to force in the Star Wars universe. It manifests itself as confidence to the outside world. If it's nurtured well, and one can get rid of its ego, this force makes people humble and able. Otherwise it makes them dominant and bully-ish. Latter one is damaging to both the person and its surroundings, while the former one can be used for creation and other good deeds easily. It boils down to facing yourself and overcoming your problems with your "self". It's really borderline impossible to describe with words. So, it brings the subject to definition of Zen. :) Zen is something which can not be written down or told with words. If it can be precisely described with writing or words, it's not zen. > The notion of timing in a group of people is one very magical thing. Precisely. :) It's ~4 years now, possibly a little longer. Edge is an evolution of Internet Explorer. They removed some of the quirks they have added over the years, modernized the engine, but it's Internet Explorer to its core. It's just rebranded. I use Firefox daily, alongside Chrome for a very long time. Firefox manages system resources much better, works way more stable, and behaves the way I want, without any exceptions. Chrome feels like an untamed animal which does stuff without telling you, and I don't like it. Any reliable sources? I'd love to read more, and correct my knowledge if it's wrong. The problem with GMail is, it's too convenient to use, and relatively secure because of 2FA support. Also, people (including me) think that some newsletters, some bills and receipts are not very personal, so people don't care. I have two main addresses, one is from a local provider and my all financial e-mails and other stuff is coming to that e-mail address, however they don't encrypt anything. I also just got a free Proton mail, and will upgrade the account when I'm a little better off. Paid e-mail addresses are not meaningless, but they're harder to justify in most people's eyes. BTW, I never store anything which makes me uncomfortable, anywhere incl. my brain. That's a much better way of living. Not that privacy conscious people is hiding something, but that's my policy. That's also what I tried to say in my previous (grandparent) comment, no? :) > G Suite from Google is still Gmail... I think there's a confusion, by GMail, I've pointed to the free offering, not the GSuite, sorry for being not clear. > My point was that people aren’t willing to vote with their wallet, but being a loud mouth doesn’t cost anything. Because I think that the same people believe that their e-mail is not that private , so they don't feel the need for voting with their wallets, however they are loudmouths because they're bothered by the breaches or privacy invasions they read/hear. They feel they are either exempt from this or not affected as much, so they're not alarmed. Actually, for me piracy was more about availability and unfair pricing. Especially for music. After I started my job and the prices came down with the help of online music sales and streaming, I bought a lot of CDs and digitally distributed music. Most of them were albums that I already have, because I wanted to support the artists which brought that feelings into my life. Same is also valid for software, movies, or anything. If I can justify price of a software, I buy it. Otherwise, I use something FOSS instead. > With recent political trends towards the far right, it could become a harder choice for even more. Yes, you're right. The climate worldwide is not the kindest recently. BTW, with uncomfortable I didn't mean opinions or ideas, but anything which will embrass you or put you in a hard situation if revealed. As a corollary, this means living an honest life and telling what you think. Generally violence doesn't born from ideas themselves, but the way these ideas are told. So talking politely and without attacking the other side results in a reasonable discourse in most cases. Disagreement is in the nature of communication, and if can be managed well, it's very beneficial to both parties. Yes, it’s called keyless entry and ignition system. When I was in the states we were discussing this with a friend. He idly noted that after a valet gets into your car he can just select "drive home" in the GPS, open the garage with the integrated garage door opener, and just walk into the house. He then added "It's good that I always lock the door in the garage too". Actually Eclipse's git UI is very practical. I use it whenever I'm developing somehting in Eclipse, however I still command line as much for other reasons. OTOH, I despise heavily modified bash/zsh/whatever profiles which makes the environment non-portable. Extreme eye-candy in the console makes stuff harder for devs/admins who logs in to thousands of servers. It's just a bundled extension inside Firefox. You can't uninstall bundled extensions, and you can bundle yours in your custom Firefox installation if you want. Did a similar thing for a project, rolled out customer's own Firefox extensions (for office workflow) to employee desktops. Extensions were bundled because the employers sometimes uninstall them and freak out because they can't work anymore. I'm one of Pocket's top 1% readers, but not everyone likes it, and doesn't have to. Move aside, I'm an HPC administrator! :) In the HPC world, things are not as clear cut benchmarks, or the vendors' own marketing materials/numbers. First of all, the application you're running may be developed for a specific compiler, and the code sometimes depends on optimization behavior of a compiler. So, changing compilers changes a lot of things. This is why we have both Intel's tools, and GCC toolchain fully supported. For example, LAPACK and its siblings take compiler behavior and CPU specifications into consideration while compiling in an optimized way to maximize its performance IIRC. Also, there's no guarantee that Intel's compilers are fastest on Intel hardware. In the days of Opteron 6100s, using Intel compilers, we were able to beat Intel processors of the same era. You heard it right: Compile using intel compiler with specific flags, run on AMD CPUs, get higher performance, profit! Intel's AVX512 is well used and abused in HPC world, however AMD's HPC performance is not as bad as jandrewrogers implied in his comment [0]. AMD is originally an FPU company, and while their scalar instructions may lack on paper, they run really fast. In HPC world, the CPU/board architecture becomes irrelevant after some point. SpecCPU benchmarks are the ultimate benchmarks, because their behavior is compiler agnostic and push every aspect of the CPU very very hard. If you can get the same SpecFP with an Intel part, you can get the more or the less same performance on real workloads. If you have any other questions, you can AMA. I'll try my best to answer. Funny addenda: We have some applications used widely by users, and when fully optimized, some older Intel CPUs outpace the newer ones by a significant margin. This is some heavy handed, exotic optimization. [0]: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18628592 From what I've read now [0], it looks like AMD still uses 2 x 128bit AVX units to execute AVX2 instructions. Also, AMD is always coming a generation behind Intel in terms of FP instructions sets, so Zen doesn't support AVX512. According to WikiChip [4], Zen 2 actually has 256 bit FPU paths. I was unable to find a credible benchmark for Zen 2, so I can't talk about its performance. However, when analyzed from the perspective I've given below, it's not hard to assume that Zen 2 is a heavy hitter in terms of floating point performance. However, the interesting part is, when you look to SpecCPU 2017 FP Rate [1], AMD Epyc 7601 [2] system has a similar per core performance with a much bigger Intel Xeon Platinum 8180 [3] system. Why interesting? * AMD's per core base (lowest) rate is 4.1875. * Intel's per core base (lowest) rate is 4.3482. * AMD is running GCC compiled code. * Intel is running Intel compiled code. * Intel has higher clock speed. Intel has some CPUs (like Gold 5118, Gold 6148) which have per core base rate of ~5.125. These are the CPUs are considered as HPC processors, and used by a lot of people. As I said before, it looks like Zen 2 is going to be a better HPC processor than Zen. Zen looks like a very good Enterprise processor now. So with my hat, I can conclude that not having 512 bit hardware is not a crippling omission. Addenda: I forgot to say that Intel has something called "AVX frequency". Since AVX, AVX2 and AVX512 has tremendous power requirements when compared to other operations, Intel lowers CPU to an undisclosed frequency. When I last checked, AVX frequencies of Intel CPUs that we use weren't in the technical guides and were not public in any way. So, the peak SpecFP Rate is not very different from the base ones. Also, since the CPUs thermal budget is very constrained during AVXx operations, other ports' speed is also reduced. So at the end of the day, AVX512 is not a free turbo boost in HPC environments and heavy/continuous loads. [0]: https://en.wikichip.org/wiki/amd/microarchitectures/zen#Floa... [1]: http://spec.org/cpu2017/results/rfp2017.html [2]: http://spec.org/cpu2017/results/res2018q4/cpu2017-20180917-0... [3]: http://spec.org/cpu2017/results/res2017q4/cpu2017-20171017-0... [4]: https://en.wikichip.org/wiki/amd/microarchitectures/zen_2#Ke... You're right. Also Intel's AVX implementation is very power heavy, and they need to lower CPU frequency to fit into their thermal budget (see "Addenda:" in my previous comment). Also yes, AMD's memory subsystem has much lower latency, and has higher bandwidth. Also their direct-attach approach is better than Intel. I forgot that advantage TBH :) However, I can argue about L3s effect on speed. In some cases, the code and the data is so small, but the computation is so heavy that, you can fit almost everything into the caches. I had a 2MB binary which required 200MBs of memory at most, but it completely saturated the CPU in every way imaginable. So, in some cases caches have great affect on speed. Especially if the data you're invalidating and pulling in is huge. However, if the circulation is slow, a faster FPU always trumps a bigger cache. > Are you talking Zen1 or Zen2... Unfortunately, neither. The last AMDs I was able to play with Opteron 6xxx series. The later ones weren't as fast, and Zen 1 was not easy to obtain, so we were unable to acquire them. The last ones I used were better from their competitors of the era. I also had a desktop system from that era which was way better, at least for my workloads. I'd love to play with Zen 1/2 and compare "benchmarks" to "real workloads", because as I said before, in HPC, benchmarks are just numbers. e.g. Your memory bandwidth may be low, but if it's low latency & you're hammering the bus, bandwidth may not be limiting. OTOH if you're streaming something continuously, your latency becomes moot, because the bus has already queued up everything you need and can continue piling up stuff you need until you process the ones at hand. For the second scenario, I have listened to a talk about an embedded system, which the developers were able to accelerate the system 10x by using an in-cpu accelerator unit to copy required memory segments to cache independently from the CPU. Thanks for the link. I will take a look. As I clarified below, in my other comment, we were unable to get new Zen systems. So I’m not knowledgeable about their behavior. However, I need to make my own benchmarks to see how this increased latency affects performance of different work loads and scenarios. Wikichip doesn't list AVX512 as supported. Am I missing something in the spec sheet? Maybe compilers are emulating AVX512 behavior with other instructions when targeting Zen/Zen+/Zen2 directly? This is some heavy-handed testing & I love it. I think it's an instant classic. It's almost 2019. Are we still fighting over this? OTOH, purely from my experience, MS's tools are good for managing a domain, or some computers. When you start to administer hundreds or thousands of servers, scriptability of CLI tools and pliability of text files trumps all computer automation. xCAT and Salt are two tools (that I use regularly) which are built on these properties and can manage thousands of servers with a "flick of a finger". A very simple FAI or Kickstart server with small tools to enable provisioning can automate a lot of things in a non-IT oriented workspace. A simple HTML form to "arm" the installation server, a simple reboot and PXE booting can be much more effective than all the painkillers combined for remedying the headaches of IT people and managers alike. If you don't roll changes that often, you can distribute emergency USBs to install servers and workstations. Even a single USB can detect and install the system accordingly. - Complete Hyperion Cantos (incl. Endymion series) - Bad Blood (Still churning through) Hyperion is a 2500 page behemoth and took most of my year, however most of the things written in the book are not sci-fi, and overall the book is very enlightening. Still digesting the stuff in my brain. Bad Blood is a fascinating read. I'm still in the first quarter, and with this density, the events are well simply amazing to put it lightly. I think there's a misunderstanding. I was talking about fighting over "MS vs. Linux" on the subject of administration paradigm. Of course we should point out sucky tools regardless of its platform. Yes, it's technically possible. However, it's not always implemented like that. Also, in reality we don't have both, at least in my realm. Being able to tune a system from top to bottom solely with text files is just amazing. Also, some people hate "everything is a file" philosophy, but it's the enabler of this configurability. When I started programming Linux and saw that everything was accessible via normal file system, it was a big relief compared to W32's iceberg environment, where you cannot see everything and sometimes water is too cold to dive that deep. You're right. I've written that comment haphazardly and quickly, and forgot the authors of both books. Someone (like me) can archive this thread and get confused later. Worse he/she wouldn't be abe to find the intended books. Hyperion Cantos is written by Dan Simmons. It's 4.5 books. - Hyperion - The Fall of Hyperion - Endymion - The Rise of Endymion - Orphans of the Helix (a novella in the same universe) Bad Blood is written by John Carreyrou. It tells the story of Theranos' rise and fall & everything in between. Debian & its friends have it as “bastet” package if you want to give it a try. The game is very good at giving you a false hope while playing. Then it takes the hope little by little :D I think everything in this post is amazing. Really. When you clear the cache or visit the site for the first time and zoom in, you can see the tiles load. These lines are at the stiching borders, and coming from the stiching algorithm. Lens/sensor limit moire looks very different when compared to this. > Why wouldn't they erase a duplicate? IMHO to make the scene look more dynamic. These gigapixel images are an extreme kind of landscape photography. None of these people are directly targeted in this photography. Even street photography doesn't target people as-is. They become objects, they are stripped from their identity. They are part of the picture only. It's a high end, full frame, high resolution (36+ MP) SLR or mirrorless. Nikon d850, Sony A7R3, etc. When you need to inherit something that big (a corporation, programming language, a missle, etc.), you need to make sure that it won't be cannibalized or just killed outright. So you delegate your powers to a group of optimal number of people. Yes it's boring, yes it's slow, yes it's bureaucratic, but it's realistic and pragmatic. Python will continue to grow if they can run this governance model well. They can become debian of the programming languages. If you're flashing via the UEFI interface itself (which can have a very fancy terminal), the firmware might need to be signed. I bet Microsoft will not share the signing keys. I think it won't. Because it looks like there's even a magnet on the Korg's tube. They might be leveraged that same research, and listed it as a prior art or paid him as co-inventor. I have an AKAI AM-2850 amplifer older than me. Its VU meters a bit lazy, but otherwise it's still shaking the house. I'm no way getting rid of it! P.S.: I generally dispose any of my devices when they let their magic smoke out. Computers stay at least five years and upcycled. Mine -> Family -> Extended family -> so on. We use virt-manager to virtualize servers on servers with joy, however I use VBox to virtualize Windows hosts with hardware acceleration if possible. How is the state of KVM's support about 3D acceleration, sound, drag'n drop and like? > If you have on the host system a graphics card that you can fully dedicate to the guest system. Which implies a special-build system to play some odd Windows games ocassionally, akin to building an Hackintosh. For my use case it's a definitive overkill :D > ...do pci-passthrough and let the guest system have nearly-full access to that graphic card with nearly full performances. Again which requires a CPU and system which supports vT-d (in intel jargon), which is the only feature which my 3770K doesn't support :D VirtualBox supports memory balooning. The interface is same with VirtIO's ballooning drivers AFAIK. The commands can be found in [0]. Since I want to virtualize Windows to play my simpler games only, rdp is not a very attractive choice. Using local speakers and sound virtualization is alright. I don't want crystal clear, high end sound. However, I'm not aware of the support level. [0]: https://www.virtualbox.org/manual/ch09.html Virgil 3D is a KVM feature. Boxes is just a frontend. Fedora, CentOS and RH enables it, but it's not landed on Debian yet AFAIK. I also use VMWare Fusion Pro for Mac. It's more professionally oriented, and its GUI performance is highest among the three. People are also happy with Parallels and its remote access service, but VirtualBox on Mac is only good for headless virtualization it seems. I wrote my Ph.D. thesis on a XFCE desktop on a Mac (via VMWare). It was basically seamless. I recommend it wholeheartedly. Assisted GPS talks with the towers around, pings them for distance and gets their coordinates. It's happening on the GSM layer. It's also a no-data exchange IIRC. In EU, there's an unspoken rule for cars to report speeds inflated by 5%. This is possibly based on an old research of SAAB which used a reverse logarithmic speedometer, giving feeling of exaggerated acceleration until 120-130 KM/h or so. Then the scale tightened so much that going significantly faster didn't move the speedometer that much. Also the needle hit top left quadrant much faster, hinting that you're going really fast. Also, EU uses L/100KM concept instead of MPG. When the speed is 0, most cars switch to L/h scale. Toyotas also show an infinity symbol when in MPG mode while the speed is 0. Maybe your car GPS is reporting higher? All cars I've driven were reporting %5-%10 more. Dashboards are user or factory configurable. Our Ford Focus had a button to change between L/100KM and MPG. My friend's VW Bora's dashboard was OBDII configurable. The options were Japan/US/EU IIRC. Setting to US not only changed it to MPG scale, enabled the door-open beeps. :D It's one of the operational modes. On the other mode it calculates the location on behalf of the user and responds back with it [0]. In both modes data connection is required, so I'm mistaken. [0]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Assisted_GPS For anyone interested below are some examples: 1- https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5c/Instrume... 2- https://i.ytimg.com/vi/V0RyHPM0mBI/maxresdefault.jpg I remember the numbers right, but it wasn't reverse logarithmic scale. It was a hard transition at 140KM/h. It's much more direct for car to measure consumption as L/100KM. However the conversion is done by the instrument cluster on the VW. We were connecting to the instrument cluster via CANBUS and changing the setting directly on it. Also the beeps were handled at the cluster, not at the central config. Car technology is weird... It's not heavy as a complex operating system on the other hand. Also it handles latency on laggy connections much better. P.S.: This comment is written just for fun. It's just an Nerf attack, a little play. Thanks. If I was developing such a library, I'd add easter eggs into the code, tie all of them to a single, big switch and disable it by default. Last, but not the least, I'll document it as follows: This code contains easter eggs which are disabled by default. If you want to enable them, set easter_eggs_enabled=true. Please note that, the eggs have their own time, and it won't make them enabled all the time. I wonder why a small icon change is so bothering. Care to elaborate? Actually I've played Dune-II for a very long time on my 486, and have many fond memories from that era. Maybe because of that, the read didn't feel forced. It also enlightened me, why everything in the game clicked so well in my head. I still play it in DOSBox sometimes. It's worth a spin. From my perspective, it's the opposite. I think that "If they're smart and fun to implement a Christmas hat on the icon, they're possibly nice guys, and won't do something sinister". This is coming from my 20+ years of experience with computers and applications. I've seen that programs with easter eggs may have some stupid bugs, but won't have something sinister inside them. OTOH, applications with some very serious and no-nonsense attitude has the most advanced "phone home" mechanisms. This is my experience though. I'd happily stand corrected if I'm wrong. Worse, it's like they are developing something but not releasing it intentionally. Even the fast repaint algorithms are proprietary and not licensed to everyone. My Kobo Glo HD is advertising 50% faster page repaint with the new software. Amazon Kindle is using another algorithm, which is way different. Worse, the algorithms (called waveforms) are just pieces of software which are CPU architecture specific. They even don't port these algorithms between CPU architectures. > I'd point to the Google logograms as a "smart and fun [easter egg]" per your definition but they are definitely one of the more sinister corporations. That's a fair angle :) It would be hard, because the ISA is tightly bound to the underlying silicon's structure. Some of the commands cannot be translated to the silicon effectively or not at all. e.g.: MIPS have 64 x 64bit registers. You can use any of them as a source or a destination, however x86 always designates EAX as the ALU accumulator. This has some profound effects on silicon design. I think Zen2 implements 256 bit instructions natively [0]. For AVX512, the new instructions [1] rather than the floating point arithmetic will be a problem IMHO. Emulating them with the microcode will be expensive and will provide no performance gains. [0]: https://en.wikichip.org/wiki/amd/microarchitectures/zen_2 [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AVX-512 > Actually no. After decoding there is nothing special in the aex register. The microcode, or specifically the modern x86 processors, are using register renaming to move things around, but the actual ASM commands imply that the results should end in EAX register. You cannot arbitrarily do a MUL and get the result from EBX for example [3]. i.e. x86 assembly dictates where the results should end in. AMD played with two ideas: A pure ARM core, and a hybrid x86 core with ARM co-processor. The ARM core missed the performance targets [0], and they also abandoned the ARM accelerated x86 core [1], but I don't know why. They never intended to go full TransMeta and transcode the x86 ASM into something proprietary or ARM. Bonus: It seems they are still muling the idea of X86/ARM hybrid [2]. [0]: https://www.theregister.co.uk/2018/11/27/amazon_aws_graviton... [1]: https://www.extremetech.com/computing/205078-amds-project-sk... [2]: https://www.reddit.com/r/AMD_Stock/comments/8x4sba/the_retur... [3]: https://c9x.me/x86/html/file_module_x86_id_210.html I don't understand this type of audiophiles. I also have a fairly high end, vintage audio system at home, but I'd never do anything like that in the name of audio quality. There's a quote I love about these people: A normal person uses the audio system to listen music, while an audiophile uses music to listen to his audio system. I also have a 6th generation iPod Nano, an iPhone 5 and an iPhone X. I can hear the difference between the Nano and the iPhone 5. The difference is not much. iPhone has slightly better highs and slightly tighter lows. The headphones I'm using is Sennheiser MM70i (They use the same buds with CX400-II, I also have these). I didn't found the difference with "critical listening". One night I just started listening it, and it sounded different to my iPhone. Then I played the same song on the iPhone and found out the difference. The difference maybe due to different generations of DACs, different OPAMPS, different power budget, different decoders, etc. As I said before, the difference is not that much, but normal for the evolution of these types of electronics. Nano honestly sounds impressive for a device that compact. P.S.: I used to play euphonium in a large band and double bass in a symphony orchestra, so I have trained my ears for separation and tracking of instruments and rhythm. This is why I'm a bit more sensitive to these things than most of the people around. Infiniband is using extremely isolated and well balanced cables for passive/copper transmission. Also the cable lengths are very short for EDR and beyond (3m-5m is max usable length). For anything longer you need to use fiber cables with embedded converters. We have a cluster with ~1000 nodes and all generations of Infiniband (DDR/QDR/EDR) equipment, and routing all these copper cables without damaging them is not easy. The quality of digital tranmsission over copper cables is dependent on the size and clarity of "eye", which is the pattern which two sinusodial signals when run through and oscilloscope. Lower quality cables (HDMI/DP/Coax/etc.) has blurry and small eyes, which increases chances of artifacts and drives the error correction modules harder, while better cables are easier on the both sender and receiver, since they produce lower number of errors to correct. Trivia: Amphenol / Gore has high speed digital interconnect cables called Eye Opener Plus [0], which also used some of the Infiniband cables that we use. [0]: http://www.spectra-strip.com/Eye_Opener_Plus_Cable.cfm?Nav=E... It has the 80s modern vibe with today's technology. It definitely tickles something deep down in my mind too. Another possibility is that your CD player might not be flat. Marantz, Yamaha and other manufacturers add their slight sound signatures to their higher and models. I never benchmarked my Yamaha CD-S300 to other devices, but its flyers and web site never says it's completely flat on the analog outputs. The reviews of the player notes that it has the distinct Yamaha signature too. Also "Monitor" and "Flat" devices as their name implies sounds pretty flat and dull. All-in-all you should consider taking response graphs of your devices rightmark. All of the stuff is possibly patented. I'm not sure how you can create an open source implementation of something patented and protected so well. It's like the present situation of the exFAT. Most of the BBEdit can fit, however some functionality will be lost. Similarly, Fetch can fit. If Forklift, Cyberduck, Transmit and DaisyDisk can fit into the AppStore model with minimal losses, Fetch can too. However there's always a distinct beauty to an application which is downloaded independently and can run on a platform without restrictions. BBEdit has a very distinct feeling to it. It's fast, compact and packed with lots and lots of features. It's fitting into the definition of well distilled and developed application. BBEdit has a nice and distinct feeling of a well-baked application. I love its legacy parts with its take on modernism. I'm not a very old user, but after touring the usual suspects, I've returned to it and I'm very happy with it. Hack[0] is also a very nice font for coding. I use it on my terminals and IDEs with joy. [0]: https://sourcefoundry.org/hack/ I'm using syncthing to sync three computers. Two slaves connected to one 24/7/365 online master. Unless I'm behind a very aggressive firewall, I can connect to master to sync everything. It creates a big peace-of-mind. Debian's version was built with iNotify for a very long time, so I never got big CPU spikes. I think iNotify is merged into master last year or so. Unless I kill the service accidentally, its uptime is equal to the system's uptime. I sync documents and wallpapers accross my computers, I didn't see any corrupted or truncated file, it has been completely reliable from that point of view. Also, as I said before, if the firewall of the place I connect is not extremely hostile, I can connect to it from anywhere in the world (it also has a auto-fallback to Tor). If you want to go completely dark, you can run your own tracker too. :) My file stats are: 641 files, 85 folders, ~980 MB size. I didn't do anything. When I checked the local page (localhost:8384) to see how syncthing is doing, one of the clients had a tor address in the list of "last known" addresses :) IIRC, the package description said something similar to "this is the iNotify version of the syncthing binary", or I may be completely wrong. I need to get previous versions and look to the descriptions of each :) Maybe, however all my Debian installations are very strict in their repository configuration, and I'm failing to see syncthing-inotify package in Debian snapshots server [0]. ...or maybe I'm making all these up from all the things I read while researching syncthing, who knows :) Regardless of all, it's working very well and it's dependable now, and it's the point I think :D [0]: https://snapshot.debian.org/package/?cat=s Addenda: Actually, forgetting all little details about it is a reliable sign of an application working well and just disappears to the background IMHO. My life is an interesting train of consequences and decisions. The decisions led to some consequences, and I was able to leverage them to decide the next step. My computing life started with Commodore64 when I was ~4, and I loved the text interface. Then I got a 486DX w/ DOS when I was 7. This led me to decide to "Learn what computers are all about and learn to program these beautiful things". Then Windows95 happened. I didn't like the GUI first interface. This led me to find Linux. Around the same time, I found demo scene. This made me to appreciate "the raw power of computers". I decided to write programs which leverage this raw power. At the university, I was unable to leverage my Linux knowledge, and I was getting ready to be a Windows programmer, then my second internship threw me to one of the best Linux shops in existence in my city. I've learnt low level Linux programming, and decided Linux is a requirement for me in my career. Learning Linux and loving low-level and high performance tasks formed my graduation project, which earned me the best project award. I got a call from a different department of the company that I've spent my second internship before I graduated, and I'm working there for 12 years as an HPC system administrator. As a side academic gig, I write high performance code and publish papers. What I've learnt from my job is feeding my academic gig, and my academic gig is feeding my office work. I also got Master's and Ph.D. during the process. So, let the coincidences and events happen, then try to leverage them to my best interests. You also learn during the journey. Nothing is set in stone in the first day. I wanted to be a pure programmer in my day job, but it's much more stressful and not always enjoyable. I do what I enjoy (R&D, programming high performance stuff), and have an interesting and cutting edge job (building and managing HPC systems with latest hardware), so life is good for me. Hope everyone reading this have an even better life at the end. :) First of all, congrats. It looks like a nice application with good thought out features. I've esp. liked central syncing, source code capabilities and markdown. I personally use Zim [0] at work, which is pretty dependable, extensible and mature. Zim also builds a personal knowledge base with exports, so you can learn from its approaches I think. However, I personally don't prefer to use electron applications, so Trillium is not a real candidate for me, sorry. Wish it wasn't on Electron, so I'd try it. [0]: http://zim-wiki.org/ I'm an old folk in terms of computer history [0], and while my computers are not resource constrained, I'm resource conscious. Also, I'm a high performance computing sysadmin and researcher, so I know what computers can do with what amount of resources. I'm extremely annoyed by the fact of running a complete browser engine and sacrifice half gigabytes of memory and a lot of storage (I cannot remember the exact size of Atom) just for a text editor or any other software with the same caliber. Also, Electron consumes more resources than it needs. When running on any Electron app on my Mac, I generally get a notification about its power usage too. e.g.: Atom is not as powerful as Eclipse, but needs more resources per feature. BBEdit is much lighter and compact, and is nearly as useful for me as Atom, and I can run Eclipse if I need a full fledged IDE. Server-only deployment is nice, but I'd rather sync the data, because I'm not always online while taking notes, and if I'm going to keep my data centralized, I'd rather keep it at my home, and I don't have enough upload bandwidth to serve anything like Trillium. BTW, Why are you trying to replace Zim? I'm interested in your reasons. I'm open to and interested in discussion and, I'd happily stand corrected if I'm mistaken. [0]: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18839788 For simple, single page notes you can try simplenote [0]. It has nice Mac, Linux, iOS, Android clients, tagging and markdown support, and instant sync on official clients. It's also free. I use it for non-sensitive fast notes like a reminder notebook. Also, applications/cliens like nvALT, nvPY provide a very very fast workflow for instinctive note taking and recalling. [0]: https://simplenote.com > Every time someone mentions not using Linux Desktop because they had a lot of issues, someone like you comes out of the woodwork and pretends that Linux doesn't have issues anymore. Did someone call me? Jokes aside, as a person using Linux (95% of the time, for ~15 years or so), I can honestly tell that Linux has its fair share of problems. However, for some time, the problems I experience are not more frequent than Macs that I have or the Windows PCs of my family members. Is Linux perfect? No way. Did it improve over the years? Yes, tremendously. Also, I can say that advanced desktops like KDE can do very nice things for automation and productivity. I'm currently happy about the state of Linux, but it doesn't mean its perfect or the very very best . For low latency I've played with Jack a little while I was playing bass. It wasn't very bad, but I don't have recent information on the issue. I for one do photo post-processing and development on Linux mainly, and have no problems while doing what I want to do. > ...Linux's particular brand of issues... Can you please elaborate? I'm interested. Since I'm using Linux heavily and for a very long time, I might be blind to that problems. You're right. Laptop support tends to be problematic, and boils down to selection of right hardware "platform" in the beginning. The worst part is, the right platform is not always budget friendly. I personally found out that professional class hardware (Dell XPS, HP EliteBook, Lenovo ThinkPad) has the best Linux support out there. I have a EliteBook 850G2 at the office, and except the fingerprint reader (which I don't use), everything is working without any problems. Battery life is also great (~7 hours). However, works for me is not a valid excuse, esp. with hardware. If you want to discuss further, you can reach me via my profile page. I have a feeling that Apple doesn't want their users to install that kind of development environments, other runtimes, etc. to their MacOS installations. Time Machine also sometimes doesn't Backup these installations correctly. Similarly, TeX installation is hard and it's forcefully shoehorned on the installation, and you can't do anything better in the current situation. My solution is to run a Linux VM for these situations. For programming and server-like purposes, a headless minimal installation is fine. For TeX authoring, an XFCE installation is very handy and not impacting battery life in a visible way. It was. When I got my first Mac in 2008, it was very straightforward. When Apple started to tighten OSX security they stumbled a little IIRC (I cannot find the old warnings and notes on the page). Also, around the same time, OSX installer changed, and OS upgrades started to take longer since TeX installation had so many files. When they were working on these problems, I was in the middle of my Ph.D., and I needed a stable TeX installation, fast. I installed a Linux VM, all my woes went away, and that method just stuck. I just checked the MacTeX page now, and it looks like they solved the problems I mentioned above, but currently I'm too lazy and need that TeX installation keep working, so I'll not retry it now. I have a tiered storage for my to do lists. The biggest storage (also the longest term) is Trello. I have a board with many "lists" in Trello term. Some examples: - Learning - Software development - Home (repairs, improvements, etc.) - Physical organization* - Digital organization* etc. *: Having lots of data and items create its own mess. However, the most important four lists in my Trello board are - ToDo (what I've decided to do next, when task at hand finishes.) - In Progress (What I'm working on). - Done - Cancelled (Sometimes problem solves itself or you change your mind or else). Using Trello effectively is the key. All the research about a task is under that Task's card. All the documents, all the links, everything. When the task gets rolling, all documentation is moved to its own Evernote notebook and stored forever. The documentation evolves there and gets more useful over time. Another useful tool for this task is Zim wiki. It's arguably more useful, but running it on Mac is a problem for me (I don't like Homebrew). Trello is updated weekly. New ideas are added, maybe some are cancelled. Completed ones moved to appropriate places, etc. It takes 10 to 15 minutes. For daily tasks, I have a notebook. I write every night the next day's tasks. I have some implicit categories in it. Office, academic and personal. Incomplete tasks repeated the next day. It's like a bullet journal, but it's not. This creates a big picture for me. I don't need to remember anything, can see my backlogs, remember what I'm working on and see how far I progressed. Writing daily tasks keep me motivated. Updating Trello also keeps me motivated and on track. For allocating time, I have two tools. Google calendar and Pomodoro technique [0]. All my fixed tasks (like social stuff, meetings, etc.) are in my calendar. I generally decide to work on some project the night before. When I'm working on the task, I track time with Pomodoro, so it keeps me motivated. 4-5 Pomodoros are sufficient for me to produce meaningful work. I generally use the last one to update progress and documentation, and end the day. Hope this helps, please ask any questions you may have in your mind. [0]: https://francescocirillo.com/pages/pomodoro-technique Which OS are you using? I'm using Be Focused Pro on iOS and macOS. It's a paid application, but it's very refined and can hold nice statistics. I tracked my progress when I was writing my Ph.D. dissertation, and it helped me tremendously. I can even see the "end crunch" on the statistics, which is very satisfying. Last, but not the least, macOS and iOS version synchronizes, so when I use my Linux workstation, use the iOS version to keep track of time. About Electron, this is how I feel: https://twitter.com/iamdevloper/status/1072503943790497798 Oh boy,this thing will make me dig my DOS game archive and oldies trove when I get home. I rendered the MIDI with VLC & FatBoy. You can get it from here: https://cl.ly/13d40e7155a5 There should be download button at the top bar. You should listen Machinae Supremacy. They are using actual SID hardware while composing their music. It's actually very true for me. If I don't feel sincerity of the instructor, or they're cold & rude against the class; my grades for that particular class doesn't go up much. However, if the instructor is sincere, likes what he/she's doing, or I'm not being emotionally or wordly punished for my mistakes, my grades can easily compete with the top three. It's a response to perceived hostility / cooperation. I need to feel that we're on the same side. If I feel otherwise, I just study enough to pass the class, because my life is more important than a petty hostility in a class. The bad thing is, when I feel that cooperation, I study even less and get much higher grades, because I can listen and learn in class, since I don't spend any effort to protect myself from the instructor, and concentrate instead. It depends on student's self esteem IMHO. When you're new at a school, being subject to school wide bullying in a time where bullying is considered normal and just "children being children", addition of harsh teachers into one's already hard life, "great work ethics" doesn't help much. :) "Fear being a positive effect" is also dependent on the student's character. For me, being intimidation and motivation by fear has completely negative effect. I always respond with "Come on, is this what best you can do? Using fear, because you can't use a more complicated technique or you can't be sincere with us? We are equal here. You're teaching something, and I'm trying my best to learn it. You don't have permission to harass me with this." My comments in this thread are still valid for my work life. I still don't work with fear, and don't play along with people which are not sincere and show resistance to them. On the other hand, I'm the guy which others call me "extremely disciplined, and with great work ethics". If you want me to cooperate, just show me what you're aiming for. We can work together towards it, otherwise I'll indefinitely refuse to obey your "instructions" blindly. Pushing a person for its best is separated with a very thin line from harassing that people. If that line's not well observed, one may burn out a lot of people while trying to motivate. These burn marks heal very slowly and hard, especially in the early ages. The plugins provided ample features for me for the time. What are you missing in Zim for example? > I'm not sure why you would think that Trilium, even in Electron form, would be resource intensive. Because NixNote 2 uses 145MBs, Zim Wiki uses 60MBs, nvPy uses 45 MBs, and Atom uses 660MBs on start . > It's not. Can you provide the memory consumption data? > Upload bandwidth? For syncing data? Unless you keep full video files in it, I can't imagine how that would come into play unless you are using only cell data at below 3G speeds. Sorry, but my home ISP is providing extremely asymmetric network speeds. I have 1Mbps upstream bandwidth for every 16Mbps downstream. This is barely keeping up if your home network is shared inside the home, consumed by 2 desktops, a laptop, three mobile phones at minimum. This network also needs to keep up with the daily usage needs. It's not realistic to peg the upload bandwidth just because I can. > It seems as if your objections are more based on principle than actual in this case... My principles are born out of actual cases. I'm not that conservative to try new technologies or applications, but I'm against wasting resources on my personal devices because hardware is cheap . I believe that efficient applications (in resource utilization) are always better in the long run. At least you can run more applications with the same hardware. I won't dive into details about how heavy applications like Atom or frameworks like Electron increases background CPU and power usage with interrupts, wakes, small spikes and such. AMD beta tester here. AMD separated HDCP and DRM related silicon from video acceleration units some time ago to be able to open source their GPUs completely sans the NDA bound stuff. Even this is a very big generosity and step from them for the Linux community. I'm sure that the firmware contains some highly proprietary and revealing information about some of their secret sauce. So, they won't be able to do it even if they want to. I think it also had the clocks, memory settings, thermal thresholds and other hardware tuning parameters. So opening the firmware may also lead to many many fried boards. Also, if the core enablement and configuration is done in the firmware, some vendors may find themselves in a hard position, since they may be selling crippled GPUs as lower spec cards. Last, but not the least if folks enable faulty CUs in their cards and see the faults, they may create some (albeit unjustified) noise in "teh internets", which will return as bad press. So, while the firmware is good for research and educational purposes, it's also a Pandora's box IMHO. Sorry, that's beyond my knowledge. I think you won't be able to override the emergency shutdown thresholds in the firmware. I'm a big free and open software advocate. I primarily use free and open source software, and try to open every line of code I write. I'd like to see the firmware on the open like the drivers. I just wanted to talk my understanding of hardware. If my comments sounded otherwise, I'm sorry, my bad. That's possible & I'd love to see the firmware source code and play with it TBH. I also like AMD because of the efforts they make to open themselves as much as they can. BTW, I'm not employed by AMD or ATI. I was just one of the independent members while the GPU driver beta testing was closed to outsiders. DRM always complicates things, but always get broken at the end. Also, it's always a crippling pain. > I know my data stays with Google and won't be siphoned to a third party that I don't know. How can you be so sure about that? An ad company can sold your data in various forms and formats. Maybe it won't sell your raw data, but will sell you nevertheless. Even if it doesn't sell your data, it can use your data to make their ads more efficient for you and people similar to you. While that's their business model, they are borderline abusing you in the process. This not something I'm comfortable with. On the contrary, it won’t change anything for me, because I always form the whole sentence in my mind before writing into a chat or text box (like this comment). So, it seems there are different types of writers. That’s a small moment of enlightenment for me. :) Not everyone have fixed hobbies or can have regular time for their fixed hobbies. I'm taking photos for a long time, but it's not a "regular" endeavor due to life circumstances. Should I sell my photo gear as soon as I don't feel like taking photos and re-buy all of it as soon as I want to go out? Similarly I have a lot of books which I sometimes blaze through, or abandon for some time. However the desire never completely dies out. I simply doesn't have the time or energy at that time. Should I give away the books I had no time to read, but still desirable for me? I also have a lot of small projects which I re-visit and work for short time regularly. They may be very far from completion, but they reward with very high experience since I look them from a very different perspectives and as a very different developer every time. If that's working for her, and she's happy, let her be. Minimalism doesn't only cover physical copies. Having a lot of files (movies, books, documents, academic research papers) creates its own digital clutter, which is much harder to organize effectively (esp. if you live a cross-platform computing life), and creates extreme amounts of overhead if you're inexperienced dealing with that amount of files. Can you perform your most enjoyable "hobby" or "skill" as a job? You're right, however sometimes trying to shove things out of your life may not be easy or effective. I personally decided to dig deeper and understand why I accumulated that amount of stuff in the first place. Instead of wasting time trying to actively make this decisions and drain your mental energy, why not try semi-passive observation? I found that putting everything away and getting things that I regularly use from that pile, and getting rid of the least used part regularly (weekly, monthly, semi annually, etc.) works best. This way also decluttering doesn't feel like swimming upstream, at least for me. We are actually in agreement, you're right. I just wanted to say that trying to decide too actively on what to keep, and what to let go may be too tiring and working against your purpose. The method I mentioned is a way to set things in motion, and your brain unconsciously decides what to keep by getting it from that pile. Then you can give the rest (or some of it) away. Hope it helps. From my experience that’s not the case. When metadata, categorization and file naming comes into play, it’s a mess. Editing metadata of files last not an easy task. Also not all files come with correct or meaningful metadata. You also want to strip some of useless metadata to clean your search results. Another problem is size. When the data you have is bigger than a disk, separation problems come into play. Last but not the least, having a lot of old files with no discernible organization or metadata compounds the problem, since you will want to organize them at some point. Well, that's something that I can't argue against. You're totally right. :D It doesn't have to be hobbies all the time. It can be stationary, sweaters or anything. Only the author of the article is making her case over the hobby items or tools, however minimalism doesn't dictate the type of item to be reduced. For a general rule for me, if you are planning to use it, you should keep it. At least in my case this rule works very well and prevents additional purchases effectively. > The question is why these minimalist tendencies exist? For me, minimalism is not a starting point, but a destination that I've arrived by a long, sometimes hard inner journey. I wanted to reduce my choice anxiety and the overhead of switching from something to another thing. I'm not a hoarder, but items that I use started to take a lot of space and mental energy (I like to organize things and keep notes about different subjects in different notebooks for example) to manage. I started to combine stuff and digitize old writings whenever possible, then combined old backups to denser mediums, stopped buying paper books and moved to eBooks, etc. At the end of the process, I've found that I'm sizing down and my target is in the realms of minimalism. I'm not an extreme minimalist, and I cannot give some stuff like my stationary stock, since there's no place I can donate them, and throwing them away is simply wasteful. For these kind of items, I cut the influx, and using whatever I have to reduce items. It's working reasonably well for me. For some of us, minimalism is not a fad or something to inspire to, but a way to live a less stressful and more comfortable life at the end. My first reaction was also the same: "That's a nice reader, but I use Calibre, and can read my eBooks from it too". If I didn't have an eReader and didn't manage it with Calibre, I'd build and it use it happily. While Calibre has a full management, editing and authoring suite, it also has a nice internal reader with reading features. It's not like the Photoshop, but rather the ACDSee suite, which comes with a full fledged image browser and viewer. Programming books? Comics in CBR, CBZ format? Not everyone has a full set of screens (reader, phone, pad, laptop, desktop). When I add books to Calibre, it reads and lists all the metadata correctly. I never added metadata to a book manually if the book has it. Strange. I can't comment on the Python2.x dependencies though. With electron, you're running a full chromium at the back end for any task. This increases memory and CPU consumption a lot. Atom consumes as much as RAM as Eclipse for example. Also it's slow due to this load it creates. For simple tasks, a full fledged, programming capable text editor can fit into ~60MBs. Atom needs 660 just at the start. With that amount of RAM usage, I even cannot open large files as reliably as vim for example. I'm using Calibre 3.35 on Debian Testing and I have all authors, tags, categories, series, everything automatically imported to my library for many books from many sources. Maybe there's a library dependency missing somewhere? Any debug logs? I'm not at my main workstation at home, so I cannot compare now, but it's a very strange situation. However it seems that people are slowly migrating Calibre to Python 3. Also looks like any Python3 patch doesn't break the current Calibre build is welcome indeed. If the photos are straight from a digital camera, even 10 year old photos have enough metadata to be ordered with exiftool or digikam or equivalent software. Music, books, documents, movies are much harder. Since they don't have enough metadata to sort them automatically. High quality media takes a lot of space. A modern, mirrorless camera easily creates 1GB/minute movies in 1080p/50fps. A photo walk consisting of ~150 photos yield 5GB of images to sort and process. Ripping the Audio CD collection to FLAC also adds pretty fast. Backing them up adds another dimension. My storage needs doesn't warrant a storage array, but I need at least 10TB of storage now, incl. backups and future headroom. I can understand you. However, libraries are hard to understand until managing your collection creates a lot of overhead. A good library can find something from a sizeable collection in a second or two. Calibre is perfectly capable in this regard. Also metadata is something really powerful. However, you need a lot of it (in this case books) to reap its benefits. Calibre doesn't obfuscate / embed the book files. They copy under a folder with Author's name. You can pretty easily access the original file pretty quickly. Maybe you can configure Calibre to use your directory structure without modifying it. No, I download books with my browser, and drag them into the Calibre. It harvests the metadata embedded in the file automatically. Because Python2's end of life is announced. There'll be no Python 2.8, 2.9 or future. It may get some security fixes, but it'll be abandoned then. It's possibly .mobi. Calibre reads all metadata from my HumbleBundle ePubs just fine. :) It's a convoluted piece of software, which does a lot of things, but with ~160MB of RAM usage, I wouldn't call it a heavyweight. Its RAM requirement is more than the capacity of my first hard drive, but it's not in the league of Chrome, Slack or Atom. There are many wasteful applications out there doing much much less with much more resources. > BTW, I don't understand the use case of reading ebooks on a desktop or laptop instead of on a phone or tablet (or eink reader). Unfortunately, not everyone has all the screens, and not all phone screens are big enough to read novels and such. I'd rather read a book in my bed on my laptop screen and take notes quickly rather than an older phone and try to write on its keyboard. Also, e-ink readers' screen refresh rate prevents taking extensive notes on the books. You can underline just fine, but longer notes are a bit hard . Last but not the least, comic books in CBZ/CBR format really begs for a quality color display, since colored comics is half the fun in the comics. :D However, it's all static HTML. An HTML rendering library will use less CPU and RAM than a full fledged web browser, and will be much easier to maintain. Calibre's e-book reader uses ~100MBs when opened. It runs independent of the main Calibre app, in its own process. Again, an Electron app will be heavier here. Honestly, I wasn't aware. I'm just an old-school guy who uses EPUB to read novels and tech books :) But again, I'd just include libwebkit (or similar) with a JS engine into my app and be happy. > You are cherry-picking memory hogs like "Chrome, Slack or Atom"... Huge amount of RAM usage is subjective term. For me, Chrome, Slack and Atom are memory hogs. While I do not find the RAM usage of Calibre optimal, I think its RAM usage is reasonable with that feature set for me . Eclipse is also using ~1.1GB of RAM, but it's not a memory hog from my perspective, because I get what I give as productivity and features that I actually use and benefit. >... ignoring bookworm and other more reasonable applications. No, I'm not. Above, here [0], I said that Bookworm is a nice application, but my needs are different. Also, I compared Atom with another functionally-similar text application and said that similar applications (like BBEdit) use ~60MB, but Atom uses 660MB out of the box. Similarly, since Bookworm doesn't provide the features that I need, installing it would be moot, since it'll sit unused on my disk, actually wasting disk space from my point of view . However, this doesn't make Bookworm a bad application. If it provides the functionality one needs, then I'm happy for them. Also its user interface is elegant and minimal, this another plus for Bookworm. > Also, I had to drop Calibre due to the large number of Python 2 and imagemagik dependencies that have a maintenance cost when it comes to pulling updated packages & so on. I don't know your OS and setup, and can't comment on that. However, major distros are doing the required maintenance, so many people are just installing it on their systems. > Making Calibre modular would have helped greatly but the author never cared. I don't know internal architecture of Calibre, so I can't say anything about this issue. However modularity has its own set of benefits and problems. [0]: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19197443 You can just get it printed and bound. O'Reilly's PDFs are not protected or hindered any way to discourage printing. --- I accidentally deleted this comment, so, I've re-written it. --- Disclaimer: I'm a HPC system administrator in a relatively big academic supercomputer center. I also develop scientific applications to run on these clusters. > Linus is mostly wrong except for HPC. Very few dev pipelines for folks result in native executables. The vast majority of code is delivered as either source (python, ruby, etc) or bytcode, JVM, Scalia, etc. Scientific applications targeted for HPC environments contain the most hardcore CPU optimizations. They are compiled according to CPU architecture and the code inside is duplicated and optimized for different processor families in some cases. Python is run with PyPy with optimized C bindings, JVM is generally used in UI or some very old applications. Scala is generally used in industrial applications. > And the Xeon class machines folks deploy to in data center envs is a world apart from their MacBooks. No, they don't. Xeon servers generally have more memory bandwidth, and more resiliency checks (ECC, platform checks, etc.). Considering the MacBook Pro have a same-generation CPU with your Xeon server with a relatively close frequency, per core performance will be very similar. There won't be special instructions, frequency enhancing gimmicks, or different instruction latencies. If you optimize well, you can get the same server performance from your laptop. Your server will scale better, and will be much more resilient in the end, but the differences end there. > Even those creating native binaries, this is done through ci/cd pipelines. Cross compilation is a nice black box which can add behavioral differences to your code which you cannot test in-house . Especially if you're doing leading/cutting edge optimizations in the source code level. > Isn't turbo boost an issue when comparing/profiling? No. In HPC world, profiling is not always done over "timing". Instead, tools like perf are used to see CPU saturation, instruction hit/retire/miss ratios. Same for cache hits and misses. For more detailed analysis, tools like Intel Parallel Studio or its open source equivalents are used. Timings are also used, but for scaling and "feasibility" tests to test whether the runtime is acceptable for that kind of job. OTOH, In a healthy system room environment, server's cooling system and system room temperature should keep the server's temperature stable. This means your timings shouldn't deviate too much. If lots of cores are idle, you can expect a lot of turbo boost. For higher core utilization, you should expect no turbo boost, but no throttling. If timings start to deviate too much, Intel's powertop can help. > my experience with video generation/encoding run of about 30 sec was that my macbook outperformed the server xeons... If the CPUs are from the same family, and speed are comparable, your servers may have turbo boost disabled. > otherwise a testrun of 30 seconds would suddenly jump up to over a minute. This seems like thermal throttling due to overheating. > the xeons though always took about 40 seconds.. but were consistent in that runtime (and were able to do more of the same runs in parallel without loosing performance) Servers' have many options for fine tuning CPU frequency response and limits. The servers may have turbo boost disabled, or if you saturate all the cores, turbo boost is also disabled due to in-package thermal budget. If you have any more questions, I'd do my best to answer. We agree on HPC, however I also agree with Linus about non-HPC loads. Software and developers are always more expensive than hardware, but scaling beyond a certain point in hardware (number of servers, or the GPUs you need) drives the hardware and maintenance cost up, hence the difference becomes negligible, or the maintenance becomes unsustainable. This is why everyone is trying to run everything faster with the same power budget. At the end, after a certain point, everyone wants to run native code at the backend to reap the power of the hardware they help. This is why I think Linus is right about ARM. That's not I'm not supporting them, but they need to be able to run some desktops or "daily driver" computers which support development. Java's motto was write once, run everywhere , which was not enough to stop migration to x86. Behavioral uniformity is peace of mind, and is a very big peace TBH. What I wanted to say is, unless the code you are writing consists of interdependent threads and the minimum thread count is higher than your laptop, you can do 99% of the optimization on your laptop. On the other hand, if the job is single threaded or the threads are independent, the performance you obtain in your laptop per core is very similar to the performance you get on the server. For BLAS stuff I use Eigen, hence I don't have experience with xBLAS and libFLAME, sorry. From a hardware perspective, a laptop and a server is not that different. Just some different controllers and resiliency features. Since Debian is not built with a commercial interest (Canonical is a corporation at the end), the OS doesn't feel like a "freemium product". As a person who uses Debian for a long time, and Ubuntu for throw-away VMs; Debian feels more "pure" from a system perspective, and it's not just skin deep. Debian is set-up to be a leaner OS out of the box. Everything is within reach, and deeply configurable from command line. Desktop environments are add-ons to the system, not integrated (even in desktop versions). I don't find surprising choices or hard to reach configuration stuff in Debian. Even though derived from Debian, Ubuntu "standard" comes with packages from Amazon, et. al., and sends analytics. This is not something that I like. Also, when I install Ubuntu server, I get subtle ads of "Canonical Landscape" and their paid offerings. This signals me that I'm using a freemium product, and as a user, I'm not their primary focus. Debian is of course sponsored by a lot of corporations, but at the end they are independent and they do as they wish at the end. I'm part of the process, and can talk with devs, and my bug reports and commits are not pre-filtered with "commercial" interests before even discussed. These are my feelings and experiences though. YMMV. If anyone interested in the book, its webpage is moved. New MITPress web page is: https://mitpress.mit.edu/books/engineering-safer-world Since the book is open access, the direct link to the book (again from MITPress webpage) is https://www.dropbox.com/s/dwl3782mc6fcjih/8179.pdf?dl=1 That's a nice feature. However, it also shows the stark difference between Debian and Ubuntu rather well. Debian's minimal installation is ~500 package install with no desktop environment and anything. Just a base installation with enough utilities to install the remainder according to requirements. > To be fair, the analytics are opt-in, and they show you the json that gets transmitted prior to sending. IIRC, that visibility is rather new. Nevertheless, it's a step in the right direction. > The thing I think Ubuntu has over Debian is that they package proprietary software. Debian also has the non-free repository for a long time, which contains firmware and drivers. However, building a computer with AMD graphics cards and Intel network adapters rarely needs any big binary blobs, maybe except the firmwares. > For whatever unknown reason suspend/resume was completely broken on my laptop with vanilla Debian and works mostly ok with Ubuntu. One of the downsides of the Debian is, its stable branch is very slow, and generally very outdated for desktop use. For a more "rolling" and modern release, which is more suitable for desktop/laptop usage, Debian testing is more preferable. While it's called testing, it is as stable as Ubuntu stable. > Ubuntu feels more polished out of the box... That's a fair point, and since Ubuntu is a desktop first bistro, that's expected. > ...a stripped down Debian can’t be beat for servers. When setup right, a Debian box is a set-and-forget it affair. I personally lost a server in the system room since it was working as it should and the hardware didn't die. :D Yes, I know. But it also comes with little advertisements of "Canonical Landscape". The thing I like about Debian is everything is inside a single ISO, and it's still an independent Linux distribution. FWIW, I don't like to use a distribution made by a for-profit company. I didn't like python at first. The mentality of "hardware is cheap, there's no need to be that fast" drove me away from it full speed. However, I was short on time for something, and I gave it a try, then I actually liked it a lot. It's very practical and fast enough for most cases. The string processing capabilities has blown me away, however it didn't change my love for higher performance, compiled languages. Now I use it for small system tools or prototyping, but for highest performance I still use C++. Similarly, I disliked Java. It felt slow, heavy, bloated, unnecessarily Enterprise . Again, using it changed most of the perception. I found out that for some stuff it's pretty competent, it's easy to write sophisticated stuff. GUI classes and event based XML parsers are very well thought out. I also found out that Java's infamy came from bad programming, especially in the GUI part. JDK tends to correct your GUI programming errors to simplify the stuff, however this "auto-mending" came with a performance penalty which adds up with every small mistake you make. So you need to write your code carefully. Frameworks like JaDE made me like Java even more. In the end, most of the like/dislike comes from preconceptions and prejudice if you ask me. If the language you're using is up to the task you have at hand, and you understand the trade-offs you make with a language, there's no need and reason to dislike a language. I've first used Java in the early 2000s. I think I've seen some of these times. It was fun nevertheless. :) Java's "unnecessarily enterprise" feeling didn't come from the paradigms that increase the LoC (abstraction, interfaces, factory classes, etc.), but from the way it developed, where it used and how it behaved. This feeling is also reinforced by the prime editors of that time: Eclipse and Netbeans. Both are behemoths which were written in Java, heavy, resource intensive and somewhat slow. In the 2000s, Java wasn't that fast and refined, and it showed and felt profoundly, at least by me. With the open sourcing of Java and the performance jump happened with Intel's Core i series CPUs, Java got a lot lighter. I've never had hard feelings against any programming language, and I hold no grudge against Java, but I currently don't need it, so I'm not using it. Looks like fiber-plastic plantations from Hyperion is becoming a reality. nVidia's Tesla cards work relatively painless in HPC environments. When you install a supporting driver and set the cards' persistence mode to your needs, the rest is generally automagic. However, they're hot and need serious juice to run, so you cannot just shove 36 of them to a rack and just power them on. > And my point is outlining that it's "satellite technology" is complete bullshit marketing copy. Actually, I have a friend who works at a company which designs extreme heat pipes and heat wicks for satellite applications. He has a satellite-spec heat pipe specimen which he shows around with heat-sensitive paint to demonstrate heat transfer speed, and it's way faster than conventional heat pipes. It's almost instant. Don't know the secret sauce though. I'm using defter.net (ios name should be defter). It's actually an iOS app with a web companion. It can handle from personal licenses to middle-sized businesses. - It can do double-entry accounting and inter-account transfers. - It can generate reports about your accounts and money flow, hence allows you to see trends and plan your finances. It's very straightforward, hence very powerful, and allows me to track my finances very accurately and see my situation clearly. It's strange how my perception of Google and its software has changed over the years. When Android was first released I've put it to the same category with Open Firmware & Debian. Now when I see Fuchsia, I reflexively categorize as a pseudo-open source software, where you can see the code but cannot do anything useful on the long run, because it's designed to be downloadable but unusable for casual/research purposes. Maybe "we put out the source for you to see and start to limit its free use when it matures enough" model gets tiring for me. For how long? Fuchsia is in its infancy now. A little prototype. with its stable API and other features, it smells like a "hardware-vendor friendly" (or vendor-first or oriented) platform. It may replace Android, maybe Linux in Google's own data centers. Then, we'll have another platform like OpenSolaris. Open, but not. The primary reason I like Linux is its transparency, openness, freedoms it provides and the resulting flexibility, and I'd hate to see these freedoms are eradicated with a so-called Open platform controlled by another mega-corporation called Google. Maybe, on a smaller scale, we shall call OpenVPN, PuTTY, FileZilla, Zip and Tar users too. They will be upset. We need to be prepared. /s What I'm trying to say it, it'll probably end like AOSP. Downloadable, buildable, but useless without vendor or closed source add-ons/drivers. Forking is always easy, maintaining is hard. Also, we're not sure whether things will be made harder by Google when things get mature. Red Hat always sold support for their enterprise level software. A RH representative told me that they "get community software, get it to enterprise level, and sell its support. The code is always open". They also sold their technologies as services. They've never sold code or distributions per se. Their business model allowed them to develop KVM and OpenShift. Debian gave birth to the biggest number of derivative distros. They're the biggest and most mature base. Even Ubuntu is a Debian derivative. While there are no enterprise software that I know (my domain doesn't overlap with "enterprise software"), I'm aware that some of the heavy hitters in the software world have their killer features based on open source software or algorithms (Photoshop's content aware fill comes to my mind which is based on resynthesizer of GIMP). > I guess those Red-Hat boxes at my parents' basement are a piece of imagination. No, they are not, but Linux distros were never small (except Slackware & Gentoo), so many of us were unable to download them (with 56kbps modems). We bought the complete CD sets, which were essentially repositories on CDs. I had SUSE 6.0 box set. A generation has abused university networks to download ISO files and write them to discs. That's why most universities had local repositories for a considerable amount of time. Many still have. The place I work hosts country-wide official repositories of most Linux distributions. > Great, and how much money do they earn from it? Why not ask to the non-profits which govern the money and assets of the Debian and other projects? The page is here [0]. Looks like Google is also a donor in SPI which hosts Debian, PostgreSQL, Arduino/ArduPilot, Arch, etc. BTW, most Debian and open source developers don't do it for the money. They build the software for fun and use their skills in their day-job to do their work. Also, there are many developers paid to work on open source code and implement the required features. Glibc's developer is (was?) an RH employee for example. Intel pays developers to implement their open source network and graphics drivers. AMD's both open and closed source driver teams (yes there are two, isolated teams) are on AMD's payroll. Open Source software is sustainable. You pay for knowledge and the effort, not the code. [0]: https://www.debian.org/donations Yeah, useless a bit too far to generalize, you're right. But, in the end, it will won't be usable by general public or software hackers (in its original definition). I don't have any Android devices, and I don't follow its forks, derivatives or general state too closely. If you have the money and the means, you can always make a fork of an open source software and make it work for you. To be more accurate, maybe I can say it won't be very useful for the general public, but big companies can do whatever they want since they have the money and the man-hours. API and ABI stability look nice on paper, and really useful in some circumstances, however, it creates two problems, so Linus opposes it (and I take Linus' side). First of all, it allows hardware vendors to be lazy. If a driver compiles, unless there's a grave bug in the driver, the vendor won't do anything. Because it doesn't hurt their bottom line much (nVidia has some serious bugs with their closed source driver, and they play the deaf, but that's another issue). When the API is not stable, something will change/improve inevitably, and the driver will break. A non-compiling driver is guaranteed to wake the vendor up, and maybe they'll fix some of the smaller bugs while they are at it. Second, it hampers kernel development. You have a killer feature you want to implement, and it needs new API calls to be a first-class implementation? No, you can't do that because the API is stable, you can't change it. You need to work around it, tuck it behind more generic calls, add overheads, etc. Fuchsia's API stability mean that a vendor can write the driver once, and send it to integrators once. Unless someone complaints enough, they won't need to touch the code. When the ABI is stable, you can just distribute the .o files, and forget all about it. The driver is working somehow, the integrator is happy, the vendor is making money. This is the dream of commercial software. They can implement once, and deprecate once and for all. Hooray! Since the lines I want to quote are too long, I'll just snip the core parts. > ...no choice to replace because it's a chip embedded in your phone... My comment wasn't targeted at the embedded usage scenarios only. There are professional and consumer devices (hand-vein readers, printers from certain manufacturers, high end and high-speed scanners), which advertise Linux support on their boxes and documentation, but only provide binaries and modules for some archaic Linux distributions. This situation is hurting both sides of the equation. Some of these devices are very nice, expensive devices I'd (and many would) buy, but their non-existent Linux support keeps the users away from them. Their change in attitude will not probably change the stance in the long run due to trust issues. The problems are not only at kernel level either. Some of these devices run translation layer binaries in userspace, and these binaries are written without following the standard coding practices in Linux. As a result, an ordinary library update breaks the binary for good. Again, the manufacturer does nothing because it has no incentive to do so , and my expensive device becomes a paperweight. > Let the driver that works just fine keep working just fine! Coming from this perspective shall we stop all development on Linux kernel and userspace, so everything works? Why Microsoft is constantly changing driver models ever so slightly, and every manufacturer is updating the drivers about the cards and chips they've already developed and embedded on my motherboard, NIC, sound card, etc.? > ...just because you decided to break something that was working just fine before you made your change. While Linux kernel API is officially unstable, there's a rule in its development: if userspace breaks after a kernel patch, the problem is in the patch. Kernel changes shall not break or change userspace behavior . Hence, nothing is broken on purpose in the kernel. The evolution makes things change, and we shouldn't stop this change if we want Linux to be a cutting-edge operating system and platform. I'll again snip the core parts that I want to reply. > Preserve the old methods so that things that used to work keep working... I have many old applications which compile without modification, or work without re-compilation given all the libraries are available. In Linux, most of the libraries are backwards compatible. Newer versions of the required libraries works with the said application unless the application gets the version and requires a strict version. For these libraries, the packages are always available (e.g. Spotify required libssl-1.0.0 for some time, but they updated it so it works with 1.0.{0,1,2}). Most of the low level libraries are API/ABI stable in Linux world. > Microsoft does this. Windows userspace apps from 20 years ago still work in Windows 10 today despite the system having advanced significantly since then. With the help of WindowsOnWindows (WoW32,WoW16), a complete embedded Windows XP image, a great hack called Compatibility Layer and other tidbits which makes things much more complicated and convoluted. Modern Windows 10 contains at least three complete Windows subsystems (or abstract installations) inside. This is hardly a good solution. You can install a complete 32 bit Linux subsystem to achieve the same thing, which is neatly called as multi arch support, and it's much simpler: a set of libraries, nothing more. > Windows 7 hardware drivers from 10 years ago still work in Windows 10 too. From my experience 7 to 10 compatibility is not universal. Despite having the same "foundation", 2K drivers didn't work on XP. XP drivers didn't work on Vista albeit advertised as compatible. Same for Vista to 7. 7 to 10 mostly works, and it's better than ever, but it's hardly bulletproof. Hardware vendors used this incompatibilities as an excuse to be lazy and obsolete lots of hardware. Been there, experienced that. > Bug fixes. Almost never interface changes. Sound card & TV tuner drivers are notorious because of the timing and direct access they required. Interface and access capability changes killed Creative's hardware EAX in XP to Vista migration IIRC. The cards are buried behind expensive API calls with the expense of latency. Most of the effects have vanished (since the card access in vanished) overnight. I had many of the Creative cards (Live, Audigy, Audigy2), and felt the hurt. > If I can't update my kernel because it means that my camera will stop working... Actually, I have a lot of hardware which were deserted by their manufacturers by not updating their drivers and Microsoft refusing to provide even a basic driver. Nearly all of these devices work under Linux, with better performance compared to their official drivers. I had a printer which had a translation layer binary, but no kernel space driver. This translation layer binary is used as an intermediate CUPS filter to convert the PDF/PCL to printer's own language. The binary didn't conform to POSIX/Linux standard coding practices, and if you didn't provide the exact (old) library it wanted, it forked continuously and didn't work. So your print button was rigged as a slow death button for your PC. I can accept a binary blob, but code it right. Similarly we have ~1000 servers at work. Some of them are ~10 years old, but they work with most modern distros without complaining. Everything is available, and stable. Even closed source drivers. I don't think the problem is the unstable API/ABI. BTW, an interface change doesn't affect all the modules. Your module is affected if the interface you talk to changes. You only need to recompile the .o or the source since ABI is not stable due to non-stable API. This is not a real world problem from my experience with said servers. > The Linux kernel pushes GPL virality further than it should... I think we need that vitality, but it's another discussion topic, so I'll leave it here. > 1) you give them your driver code No, You can provide an .o file if you want. > you keep doing work to re-certify and re-release your driver Again, you can just update the .o file if the interface you talk to changes. Not a big deal if you're serious about Linux support. > (but you could just mainline your driver code, hint hint!) Unless you implement your magic in the driver (like a WinModem), and you didn't license closed IP from someone, you can open source your drivers. Even Broadcom open sourced their drivers. So it's not something scary if you plan it right. > 3) billions of people go fuck themselves The mobile vendors' choice is business related. Even if the code is open, they will obsolete it nevertheless. So, open source driver availability is not a factor here. I also want to add some more information about this. - AMD has re-designed its silicon to allow fully open drivers. This is a big gesture towards Linux and Free Software. - Many high end hardware manufacturers (like Mellanox) open source their software stack (OFED, Subnet Manager) because the code is worthless as an IP without their silicon and hardware. - Open source drivers prevent obsoletion, but driver cannot manufacture the chip itself, so it has no role on product lifecycle. Upcycling embedded hardware is not trivial for everyday user. First of all congratulations. It looks like a nice app and productivity booster for GMail. I just wanted to point that e-mail undo is present is in standard GMail. The feature started as a lab feature and added into standard muster of features sometimes later. This makes selling e-mail undo in the professional plan a bit of a contradiction IMHO. Other than that, everything looks good, congrats again. :) As a long time (10+ years) Linux and macOS user, I accept most of the things you say, and macOS is an extremely time efficient platform to do work. However, the lack of unifying vision is not an Achilles heel of the open source community. It's the essence of it. I like how any two installations of two distributions are never the same, and this broad ecosystem just works, tumbles, fights and creates new stuff. I've created a compression algorithm [0] for my graduation project. It was a novel approach, but performed worse due to some technical reasons. One of my professors asked why I didn't compare it to a similar algorithm instead of plain old Zip. I said that our algorithm is never tried before, and it's pretty novel, so we had no equal to compare. Then, one of my other professors replied to other professor asking the question. "There's no need to find an equal to compare. They did something new and untried. This is research ". Equally, Darling doesn't need to surpass macOS to be useful, because "this is research" too. Maybe they will learn something useful from this endeavor and incorporate it into Linux or their future development career. This Katamari Damacy nature of GNU, Linux and free software community makes it so powerful and unique. Let Microsoft, Apple and Google have a top-down approach and others play as they feel and everyone improves the world as they wish. [0]: https://www.academia.edu/20575315/Lossless_Text_Compression_... Honestly, I missed your last footnote only. Possibly I got distracted by something. My fault. When read in full, we're on the same page. OTOH, I also didn't disagree with you on anything it seems. So, the two comments can be nicely summed up as a look to same lawn from a opposing vantage points, since I use Linux more often than macOS (albeit I have a MacBook Pro that I use pretty regularly). If my tone sounds a bit harsh, sorry for that. English is not my mother tongue. Also, if you can tell me where it's rude(ish), I can work on it. Clear code is supported because it can be maintained easier by other people, and the original developer won't need to remember the cleverness he/she did in the first place, when he/she returns to the code six months later. If I write clever code, I document it extensively on top of the clever code, with references if possible. It's about the life cycle, maintainability and longevity of the code in the first place. Even a simple bike with a relatively powerful LED light (~3W at half power) can throw your night adjustment out of window for half an hour. Your proposal is not a realistic scenario. If you're using macOS, There's delicious library [0] and librarian pro [1] I'm aware of. There might be other alternatives too. [0]: https://www.delicious-monster.com/ [1]: https://www.koingosw.com/products/librarianpro/ Confidentiality is a valid layer of security, however security solely by obscurity is wrong. You can have unintentional exploits/vulnerabilities in free/open source software or hardware too. I don't think many cloud providers explicitly pin the VMs to the cores even if they don't over provision the servers. The switching speed of silicon has also some upper limit. When you drive silicon faster, it starts to make mistakes. i.e. not all electrons go the where you want them to go. This causes soft-faults and CPU re-executes the part at best, or gives you a BSOD, oops or panic at worst. This upper limit depends on process, layout, power design and power limits of the CPU. Last but, not the least, not all CPUs are created equal on a wafer. I came from an era where we hunted plain blue AMD Athlon dies for higher overclocking potential, since they were from center of the wafer and they were more stable under high load/voltage/clock. I had a 2200MHz Athon (200 x 11) which was faster then AMD's own 2200MHz Athlons, since AMD wasnt offering a 200MHz bus version of their 2200MHz parts. That's also possible. That's why overclockers run Prime95 to test their CPU stability. Also, a BSOD or panic in the wrong time can cause massive data loss. That's beyond bad sometimes. Edit: I mixed Prime95 with SuperPi. Thanks AaronFriel. Because intel strictly forbids publishing benchmarks of their processors with the "hardware vulnerability mitigations" applied. Even OEMs cannot show them to their enterprise customers. You can do your own benchmarking after buying the systems. So, no money, no real-world benchmarking. Not always. CPUs have extensive "machine check" capabilities. some of these MCE events are recoverable, some not. If the processor fires an unrecoverable MCE event, you're frozen with a nice, explanatory panic. ...you sign a legally binding NDA to be able to early-access the CPUs, test & review them; get the semi-classified technical documents to develop your new servers. If you don't sign that NDA you can't buy the CPUs from intel to resell them. Even if you are able to buy the CPUs from them, there's no guarantee that you'll buy from the list price or get the discounts for big, prestige projects which require tenders. It's a deep and ugly rabbit hole. Develop multi-threaded scientific applications? Plain blue is not a reason but a result. Center of a silicon wafer is said to be have a higher quality (due to lithography, physical stresses and other processes which I don't know exact details of), and the result is a die with more homogeneous properties and color reflection. Since the die's tolerances were lower around the center of the wafer, the performance of the resulting chip was better. AMD was also sub-binning most of these parts (they were sold as Athlon 1700 @ 1433MHz regardless of their performance level), so people were buying these unlocked sleepers and overclocking them to insane levels without voltage increases. However, today the processes is so different and node sizes are so small that the dies' color are different and not perceivable anyway. In the older days, this issue was more of an obscure, collective wisdom which resulted from trial and error days of overclocking wars. As a contracting data point, I’m still using my out of the box lightning cable of my iPhone 5 to charge my iPhone X. That cable is over 6 years old now and it did not break, stray or lost is reliability in any way. Maybe they forgot to add the secret sauce to my copy, who knows. P.S.: My iPhone 5s lightning port is also good as new. Just needs an occasional grime removal with a wooden toothpick. Multimedia professionals do not store their data in internal/primary drives. They generally have RAID boxes with either Ethernet or thunderbolt connection. Most video editing/rendering is done on big storage arrays anyway. So 256GB storage is more than enough for most serious multimedia professionals. It should, but with a 24MP camera you can create ~50GBs of compressed RAW files per session pretty easily so, a TB of storage won’t do. If you add a high performance spinning disk its performance won’t be enough and it will be noisy even when idle. In the end, it’s better to not add anything and let professionals bring their own storage into the mix. At the end of the day this won’t be sold to new beginners with no files. The buyers will have their resilient storage and the internal drive won’t be used much anyway. Unless it’s configured as a developer workstation, but it’s generally MacBook Pro’s role. However the flash memory knows the checksum on the hardware level, and running its own internal checks for data integrity. Flash controllers reserve a certain amount of blocks for CRC and check summing, so flash is much more intelligent and knowledgeable than it seems. Yes, that's a possibility. Flash level checksum only guarantees that the written or read LBA is intact. However, I've never seen an enterprise storage system to do a mistake like that. My archaic OCZ Vectors or Mac SSDs also didn't do something similar. The problem you mention is as sinister as bit-rot. It's always nice that the FS is self aware about its integrity, however it may be overkill for consumer class devices and installations. Maybe making the flash controller and the storage itself more reliable should be better in the long run for these type of devices IMHO. Flash level checksums are an integral part of wear-leveling and flash block allocation strategy. So they are also used for block migration/retirement controls. In other words, it's not trivial or desirable to remove flash level ECC or other checksums from physical flash management layer. I cannot find the article now, but the flash storage is way less reliable than it seems and it's correcting bit errors silently without reporting most of the time. This article [0] shows some of the things behind the curtain in flash storage configuration and lifetime. I'd edit or add the other article if I can find it. [0]: https://goughlui.com/2015/04/05/teardown-optimization-comsol... > ...flash level checksums on a vertically integrated stack make checksumming again at the FS layer moot... This is simply not true. First, flash is not always the place data ends at. Flash is prevalent in more points in the storage chain. Predominantly on RAID controllers' caches in last 3-5 years and hybrid drives used in laptops. So, flash-level checksumming can guarantee that the data is retrieved in the form it's written and allows neat tricks like wear-leveling and such. On the other hand data can get corrupted in other places. e.g. Data can get corrupted in RAM, bit-rot in hard drives, RAID controllers can add a thick layer of complexity which you cannot manage or the filesystem can just make mistakes due to bugs (I've seen it all). So flash-level checksum can protect the data on the flash, but cannot guarantee that the data is correct in the first place. So if you checksummed the data and wrote it differently, FS or RAID level checksumming will catch it. This will prevent domino effects which the corrupted data can create. Data management gets complicated fast when you need more than a few disk's aggregate capacity with high performance and reliability and, FS level checksumming is a powerful tool to ensure that. > ...assuming you have proper control and reporting on both sides of the block device abstraction boundary. Again this will only guarantee that the device reads the data it has written, but it won't guarantee that it had received the correct data in the first place. > Apple's about the only one who can pull this off with their vertically integrated stack. While Apple can do a lot of exotic stuff with the hardware, it won't be wise to create a custom flash controller and protocol to fuse FS and flash level checksums. It'll increase the software and integration cost, limit their options in hardware scene, slow down product development and plainly limit them in the long run. I had an Intel 4 channel RAID card which corrupted the array when it wakes up from the wrong side of the bed and, it spent hours to verify and rebuild the array from the block level checksums it created on the disks during array creation. I've never lost data, but decided that it didn't worth the effort to keep the array alive and well. So, I eventually ditched it. However its activity LEDs on the board was kinda nice. Data doesn't fly from CPU to disk. It has to pass the RAM, storage controller, some caches most of the time and then it reaches to the medium that stores the data. Data can be corrupted in anywhere in this chain. Checksum or block can end up in a bad memory cell, your storage controller can bit-flip or the universe can corrupt your data on the bus. Larger storage systems also add more connections, controllers, caches and disks. So the probability increases. This is why your flash, RAID controller, transmission protocols, HDDs, RAM and everything in between have error correction capabilities in enterprise systems. However consumer systems lack some of these. Also, not all data ends up in a cutting edge SSD. HDDs are still present and being produced. While HDDs also have some block level error correction, they are susceptible to bit rot. At the end of the day, FS level checksumming is desirable but, it costs space and computation. Instead of reducing the runtime and performance of the computer, consumer devices rely on the recovery mechanisms of the hardware and prevent most of the problems most of the times with good-enough resiliency and reliability. Exchange the checksumming with hamming codes or with another ECC system with >=2 bit detection/correction capability and you're all set. Most of the big storage vendors are making it work with Erasure or Hamming Codes. They compensate damaged or missing disks in the arrays transparently and send you a small e-mail about the details of the disk you need to change. RAID-5 and RAID-6 is the most primitive and probably most deployed version of this checksum based compensation and recovery methods. Erasure/Hamming is used for bigger arrays where RAID-5/6 cannot build the disks in a reasonable amount time while they are under I/O load. Taptic Engine is a very good click emulator. The touchpad of newer MacBooks and tactile feedbacks of newer iPhones are just amazing. On the other side, nothing can emulate a good (even membrane) keyboard, because typing's most important sensory feedback is not touch or sound, but finger travel. I'm a programmer and use a variety of keyboards. I have an 2014 MacBook Pro, a lowish end membrane keyboard at office and a Logitech G710+ with CherryMX Brown switches. The winner is Cherry MX, hands down, but MacBook has a very nice tactile travel feel, so I can write way faster for a membrane keyboard. The promise of butterfly keyboard was sharp tactile feed to enable faster writing speeds, but it proved to be too fragile as far as I can see. I've never used one for a long time, so I cannot comment on it with any authority. I'm also pretty flexible in my ways and, can accept maintenance of equipment but, assuming one size fits all is a wrong path to follow IMHO. A low travel scissor keyboard, Apple keyboards or a high quality membrane keyboard like Microsoft Ergonomic series are very nice and comfortable keyboards in my opinion too. However today's mechanical keyboards are a bit different when compared to older ones. First of all, the new switches are way too lighter than an old buckling spring or Cherry Blue equivalents. Also the ones I use (Cherry MX Brown) are way lighter than any moderately worn membrane keyboard. The new keys are also more silent when compared to older buckling ones. If you want noise, you can use Cherry MX Blue. If you want absolute silence with no feedback whatsoever, you can use Cherry MX RED (and its friends). I personally prefer Cherry MX Brown, which is a good compromise between noise and feedback. My office friends are using Sun's old mechanical keyboards, and it doesn't bother any of us noise-wise. Also, the mechanical keyboards give a much consistent feedback and their key weight doesn't change with age. I've used a Microsoft Ergonomic 4000 for ~10 years and its weight changes over the years. Last but not least, nearly all of them are backlit. This is a huge plus for me. I'm not after customization or anything in my devices (which is hugely useful for some), but its comfort benefits and consistency both reduced the fatigue and increased my writing speed and accuracy at the same time. I my eye nobody uses nerd cred for not liking mechanical keyboards. Its noise footprint is bigger than a good membrane keyboard in most circumstances, but it provides other benefits. It's a matter of trade-off. If one size have fit to all of us, we were be still using buckling spring keyboards. :) When I'm looking to the keyboard of my phone or tablet, I also don't need feedback, however while writing on a desktop PC or workstation and writing code full speed, physical keyboard gives my brain hints for alignment and takes another concentration task from my consciousness. Another effect is the screen size. You can see the keyboard and text area in your vision on a phone or tablet, but it's not possible in a desktop or laptop. Looks like it boils down to the information that we can gather about our fingers and hitting targets with the vision and other senses during writing. Funny thing is, I can write faster while I'm listening to music and cannot hear the keys' sounds. Funnily enough, I've used Microsoft Ergonomic 4000 for a decade, and its split design forced me to learn touch typing because I've always tried to cross that gap and landed in the split. Also after getting used to it, it was one of the most reliable and comfortable keyboards that I've ever used. However, I've eventually wore it down and its keys started to get heavier. So, I moved to G710+, and I'm very happy now. I've already specified that I'm using Cherry MX Brown in my Comment. No? As a Mac user who develops high performance scientific applications portable between all UNIXen (Linux/Mac/BSD), I still can write my code pretty easily on the platform. I personally don't use Homebrew, et al. but, I have a Linux VM which handles that stuff pretty well. I didn't develop a Mac specific "application" though. Actually in a society, changing one's habits have no effect in human relations if it's not reciprocated by the other party. If your municipality doesn't respond to your transportation needs, your employer doesn't allow you to do remote-work, your professor insists on face-to-face meetings, how can changing your habits can reduce your carbon footprint? We need to be more flexible in our ways and we shouldn't drive the society and the system this hard for so-called human and organization efficiency . All the filament LED bulbs I have single die LEDs and have drivers embedded into the bottom of the bulb. I haven't seen multi-LED arrangements without drivers in a filament LED bulb yet. I'm running a batch of SBCs which boot from SD cards as home or forgettable servers. None of them died due to SD card failure yet. A good SD card with a little optimization keeps the flash media wear out at bay. I also have a three computer setup with syncthing (one master, two slaves), and the thing was bulletproof around the world. When go to another country, open my laptop, connect to a wireless network and bam . Syncthing connects, things got synced automagically. Like writing logs to RAM and syncing back to disk daily or only on reboots/shutdowns, keeping high-write applications on a USB drive and providing the biggest cache possible by slimming down the OS memory footprint. This two things reduce the hits to SD card substantially. I was shopping for an Apple 2013 SSD to PCIe or SATA converter yesterday, and I've found that some adapters have a configurable clip on the PCB instead of a screw. You insert the clip on the PCB according to the size of the SSD and viola. So, is this the first step of making windtraps[0] a reality? [0]: https://dune.fandom.com/wiki/Windtrap Actually I'm a wide angle buff myself. 13mm is a very nice addition IMHO. The sensors on the Pro model is still 12MPs. HEIC can compress the output of these sensors in an hard to imagine way. A movie takes around 60MB per minute in 1080p30. Photos are also somewhat negligible now. A landscape image takes 1.5MB when compressed with HEIC[0]. Even it stores all three of them and uses a bit less compression due to better lenses and sensors, it'll be around 6MB per image. It's very efficient for the resolution if you ask me. [0]: Inspected a fairly complex sunset shot taken with my iPhone X. I still use my iPhone as a Palm handheld with GSM functionality, like a glorified Treo. While I take a lot of photos, video is a rarity for me. So in my case, 1080p30 is alright. OTOH, I also have a Sony A7iii so, I'm not confined to my iPhone for imagery if I need something really high quality. > I think you can under engineer and still use a pragmatic functional style. I actually believe this, and tried in some occasions for my personal projects. When you develop the code further, you need to touch everywhere. It starts very neat and being extremely tidy at first, but when you need to add some significant features, the design breaks down pretty badly. Then, to save the architecture, some significant refactoring runs are required, and boy, these refactorizations are expensive both time and design-wise. If your project will not add new features over time and relatively compact, under-engineering can deliver pretty nice results. Otherwise, designing with some headroom and flexibility goes a long way. My friend living in NZ has a fantastic quote about the distance: > NZ is a fantastic place. It takes 24 hours to get anywhere around the world. Yep, it's that far. Python is a perfectly fine language for something like Calibre. I'm maintaining my growing library with it, and it's doing more than a decent job. Also I'm using Kobo utilities and it's neither prohibitively slow, nor it's useless. If you want something pretty but basic, you can use bookworm. It's also an electron app, so you can try how it can perform. > But it's cool, cause electron is slow, amirite guise!!?!?!?! Sorry, but electron is literally slow and bloated. In case of Atom (the flagship app using Electron), using 600MB of RAM at the startup without the ability to load large files, or being not on par with BBEdit feature-wise, which uses 60MB at the start, is blatant waste of resources. My Eclipse installation is using 600 MB of RAM (like Atom) out of the box with quadruple amount of features and orders of magnitude higher speed. > Le me guess, you're the type of person that doesn't understand ROI? I'd rather write an Atom-like application with Python, Java or similar and have much better ROI while not requiring small portable servers from my users to just edit some little scripts and push them to git(hub/lab). Using Electron is a wrong type of investment for future of your application due to its power and space requirements, but it's cool, cause hardware is cheap, amirite guise!!?!?!?! Uh oh, that assumption is a big no no. Can you elaborate? Honestly asking. Thanks a lot. That gave some perspective. I'll keep that in mind. > Breaking agreed standard in a way that can't be overridden by the user? This was done by Microsoft by the old days, now it's Google. How ironic. For me, this is just the revealing of the inevitable because of the mentality of: - The network is reliable - The bandwidth is cheap - The hardware is also cheap All three statements are wrong, because everything is fast when the n is small . We're past that point. Network is not reliable, bandwidth and hardware are not cheap. At least in terms of time, and my time is neither cheap nor free. Developers don't or can't optimize because it's either too much work, or it's working reasonably fast. Reasonably fast is not fast enough. We're wasting too much resources in cases like this. old man yells at cloud . This. When your enterprise and open source offering start to diverge, there's no way back. Also your free and open core starts to feel like a freemium product. I run 3 GitLab instances in various places for different people and organizations. If GitLab starts to go that way, I'll not install any new instances, won't recommend them and migrate my instances as soon as I can. The question in my mind is how this change is gonna affect the enterprise installations. I'm aware of some installations which rely on both auto configuration and some proprietary extensions to the enterprises themselves which needs to be non-removable and always active. Disabling installation of sideloaded extensions may make these installations harder, if not impossible. Looks like 2019 will be the year of tracking and surveillance in every front. Also there's Zim wiki [0] which runs on the desktop. I use it to create a ton of notes and knowledge piles. Zim's UI looks more dated and simpler, but underneath it's extremely powerful. [0]: https://zim-wiki.org/ I use it with the plugins enabled and, it helps a great deal for my knowledge organization and acquisition. Its simple file structure also allows me to pair it with syncthing [0], and sync all of my computers with each other seamlessly. So I have my own self-syncing document trove and knowledge base without any considerable effort. Using simple apps and integrating them is much more powerful than it looks, and it's one of the simpler things that I enjoy immensely. [0]: https://syncthing.net/ Just use http://cdimage.debian.org IIRC the conversation I've had with a former Microsoft employee, some features are developed as mini competitions. Requirements are sent to the group(s) and first acceptable implementation gets merged. e.g. for the Ribbon-UI in Office, there was 3-4 implementations until one was selected as final. So the Windows search UI is the fastest developed one with acceptable features. Remember, this is the same Microsoft where people are frowned upon for merging fixes and optimizations to the Windows kernel instead of implementing new-and-shiny features [0]. [0]: http://blog.zorinaq.com/i-contribute-to-the-windows-kernel-w... > The image at the top of the article is from Spike Lee's Do The Right Thing (1989). ... Funny you mentioned that. I've watched that movie when I was a kid and, very impressed. I wanted to watch it again but I never knew its name to start with. Yet an internet stranger just blurts it out and makes my day. Thanks stranger. Yes. Compliance with some MIL-xxx and FIPS-xxx specs come into my mind. Or just a create an e-mail account which is connected to your small server with IMAP with IDLE. Create a white list, and if mail is coming from a white-listed mail then print the contents, otherwise discard the mail. This is how my Deskjet 4515 is working besides GCP. It's a pretty neat solution. It even replies with a result e-mail. I hope that HP won't kill its services too. They've already killed the app side, but remote printing is still intact. I personally dislike prettifying of text interfaces with forced conventions/icons/*mojis. Text interface is well, should be text. There are well defined conventions and tools built around these conventions. Tag with [tag], use consistent spacing etc. and, make it easy on the eyes. Same with glorified .bashrc files used to create graphic-git command prompts. That's technically correct but, when working with console and text processing stuff emojis and other multi-byte characters complicate the things sometimes. My native language also requires unicode characters to type correctly, and they create the same problems hence, I also prefer avoiding these characters. These are my preferences, I cannot (and should not) stop the progress. However for me, simplicity and practicality is much better than fanciness . I'd not fight over this stuff if I was contributing to a project which embraces these concepts and play along without any fuss or objection but, I won't use these in my own projects. In my understanding, Radeon Instinct cards are not doing that bad. Yes, they're not supported by CUDA, but they're not slouching either. Thanks for all the replies. I'm not very knowledgeable about the current state of the big ML frameworks' status. I know better now. Thanks again. > I don't know why people think compilers are so infallible, or are more likely to be better written than your application. Since they are rare and written by relatively small and knowledgeable people, most of the users (incl. me) think that they're meticulously tested and developed with utmost care. I just remembered that one of my applications were hanging in a hot code path if I didn't write a small debug directive in the middle of it. I always thought the problem was with me but, it can be anywhere between me and the silicon. When you're in the middle of the development heat, you always blame your code or the libraries you use. Compiler and the lower levels are not put in the suspect list until bug becomes fairly stubborn to persist. Not on the client side, at least. My desktop doesn't have SGX capabilities, yet I watch Netflix. Honestly, I was considering to return to AMD while getting a new system. This is the final nudge for switching back. Thanks Intel, you really tried and succeeded. Actually my plan is not UHD since my displays don't go up to 11. Do they warn me if they block UHD streaming due to hardware deficiencies (i.e. SGX not available)? > just remembering how eBay also left Turkey eBay didn't leave Turkey. They've bought http://www.gittigidiyor.com and continuing to operate. They're still here, just under a different brand. They've bought their fiercest local competitor. No, it’s not. We didn’t give Microsoft a free pass when they did monopolistic moves. Google should not be treated differently. Thanks for your answer. Sorry, it was not intentional. I'll try to explain myself better. In today's world, some of the corporations size and influence allows them to behave the way the want and, I see this as problematic. Google may not be killing anyone who disagrees with them and, they can freely decide where to conduct business. I have no problem with these points. However, I see Google's behavior as problematic. Google's response dşffers from country to country. They have a similar problem in EU (more specifically European Economic Area) and, they have implemented a selection screen similar to Microsoft's browser & search engine selection screen. Turkey might not be in EU but, as a country it has every right to level the playing field for the companies (in this case Yandex and Google) in order to increase the competition. The but Microsoft! response is coming from the change of tone in response to this issue. When Microsoft became the monopoly and pushed Sun Microsystems and other browsers around, the unanimous vote was to divide or somewhat stop them. When Google does a similar thing, response changes with respect to country which Google has a dispute. I find this wrong. P.S.: I'm a bit tired and English is not my native language. If I messed the writing, please point it out. I'll try to clarify. Some of the companies' servers (e.g. Dell) can boot pretty fast in these days. If you want see something that boots slowly, try an IBM HS22 blade (3+ minutes self-initialization after insert, 2.5+ minutes to pass initial BIOS screen to storage initialization and boot-start). IBM's QPI-linked dual servers boots even slower as one technician explained to me. Presumably you can make coffee during the wait. I've installed Debian 4.0 beta-1 and upgraded it to until 8.x. It had no problems but I had to switch to 64bit and there was no reliable procedure or method at that time, so I reinstalled 8. Currently the same system is running Debian 10 testing. So it's possible to just upgrade blindly with no console. However, a remote console is nice and useful to fix network related stuff (e.g. a switch dies or you just mess the network settings). I have licenses for some higher-end photo post-processing software on macOS but, I always return to Darktable because, it's fast, extremely flexible and the results are terrific. It's a really good piece of software. Kudos to them for keeping up the good work. If you're interested, you can see some of my photos at http://www.flickr.com/zerocoder > Firefox is slow (especially on Linux) when compared with Chromium. No. Just, no. I want to share something that I experienced very recently. I use Firefox and Chrome (just for using Taskboard) at work. I also use Firefox at home. Both systems are Debian. The perceived browser speed was Chrome (Work) > Firefox (Work) > Firefox (Home). I always thought it was about DNS resolution, so I started running DNSMasq at home on an OrangePi Zero but, it didn't make much difference. Two days ago, my home ADSL modem suddenly died. I replaced it with a more modern version and everything about speed has changed. Now The speed of Firefox at home is equal with the speed of Chrome at Work, Firefox at work is slightly behind. It can be said that Firefox is much more sensitive to network parameters like DNS response times, but its rendering engine and other capabilities are not behind Chrome. Looks like it gets the window size at the beginning and locks the canvas size to keep universe size constant, not to affect the simulation. Kinda clever if you ask me. I’ll have access to an old laptop (~12 years old) after the new year. I’ll test this. :) P.S.: I’m genuinely curious, no other feelings. Can you drop me an e-mail (see my profile), so we can try this the proper way? Dropbox transfer notifies you of views and downloads. I'm a paying user and using transfer to send files to friends. It's very useful. Transfers auto-expire after a week and links invalidate so it's maintenance is minimal for the normal user. For all the bells and whistles, you need to be a "Pro" user. I'm using "Plus", and it's fixed to one week, without any password and branding. For occasional uses and normal transfers, Firefox send is really better. Dropbox transfer becomes useful when you want to share files that you already have in your Dropbox. I use both and they both have their users. Honestly asking, how Btrfs compares to ZFS? There's also Lustre but it's a different beast altogether for a different scenario. Honestly, I wouldn't bash him for this comment. Not everyone runs a 10+ TB array at their home for storage and backup purposes. ZFS doesn't primarily target single disks and small arrays anyway. :) > people probably will, in a few years. Yes, but without the array as you stated. We have 300+ 10TB disks at our datacenter today and, ZFS is relevant at this disk count, I/O and client load. Running ZFS at small scale is raising a cow at home for a bucket of raw milk. It's more of a fun curiosity rather than a production level operation. I'd run LVM or md or something similar at home instead of a full blown ZFS setup for practical reasons. Thanks for your answer and sorry for your data loss. > I lost data from perfectly healthy-appearing btrfs systems twice. I still consider btrfs as beta-level software. This is why I never looked into it very seriously and asked this question. Looks like btrfs has something around five years to be considered serious at the scale where ZFS just starting to warm-up. > 0-60 in 9 seconds is not only terrible, it is dangerous. No. I drive a 2001 Ford focus automatic. It's only 4 gears, has a torque converter and driven by a 100BHP engine. On paper, it's a sluggish car. The gearbox has two kickdown modes. Give throttle a gentle push and it shifts down (interpreting we need to go faster) but, if you floor it, the gearbox quickly kickdowns until engine near-redlines, engine program changes to beast mode and the acceleration becomes unbelievable. I had used the feature a couple of times involuntarily and it literally saved my life. 0-60 in 9 seconds is not terrible. Not adding required emergency features is. I'm running Debian testing since 4.0 beta and never had an un-bootable system or something got broken due to normal updates. I've just reinstalled the system once to migrate it to 64 bit, since there was no proven procedure to migrate a running 32 bit system to 64 bit. There were rough patches along the way but, all distros were having the same problem in someway or another (vdpau, fglrx, multi-gpu support, ndiswrapper & wireless stuff, etc.) but it's a set it and forget it affair for a very very long time. ...and obligatory xkcd: https://xkcd.com/963/ It's also remarkable that XScreensaver has one of the most stable DPMS implementations around. Most screensavers and lockers lock-up the system while trying to switch the screen to low power mode on my PC but, XScreensaver works reliably. DisplayPort connection on nVidia cards is a pain point. Java allows you to do some small errors in its complex classes and works around them silently however, this causes performance impacts. These performance penalty get really magnified when a lot of small errors are done on a less powerful hardware. I've found out this the hard way when I was developing Java GUI (Swing mostly) apps, and messed up the initialization sequence of the GUI a few times. I've written quite a few Java Swing applications during the years after graduating and getting my MSc (approximately 3 years). There's always a standard procedure to get a Swing main window running. IIRC you get the window, the canvas (layout?), layout manager then, you create and push your elements into the layout, fiddle with them, and lastly, set your window visible. You can flex the process between getting the window and starting to push your elements into the layout. You can make Java implicitly create the missing parts without connecting to a variable. If you do that, everything works as expected but, with a slight performance penalty. Everything will be ever slightly laggy. On the other hand, if you do everything by book, things run smoother. I experienced this with the apps I've written. Some people believed me, some people don't. Some believed me after I showed the situation to them. This effect diminished in AMD64 era, and became unnoticeable after Intel Core series processors came to existence. It was Java 6 times, so I'm not sure whether it's applicable. That's the little lesson I've learned during developing with Java: Pay attention, do once, do right. > If Microsoft wanted to take their toys and leave the browser market, they would have done just that... With all the coupling with other Windows subsystems and some features just to enable a Windows-only PC ecosystem, I'm not sure that IE/Edge/Trident/EdgeHTML can be open sourced in a whim. > Now that Microsoft _embraced_ Chrome, I expect the browser market to become more diverse, not less. Internet explorer just became a OS vendor backed version of NeoPlanet browser. Just the same thing, in different shell. Hey, thanks for the information. That's really enlightening. Now I know better. I personally don't use Ubuntu if there's another choice (e.g. Debian) because of this very reason. Amazon app and whatnot in desktop editions and Landscape advertisements and other small web-connected push in server editions just drive me away from Ubuntu. If I feel too lazy to install Debian, I install Ubuntu in a VM to try something for short term then either migrate to Debian or delete the VM, that's it. Because it hints presence of a bigger iceberg beneath that harmless looking tip. Yes, I was talking about the same thing. Also MOTD gets its updates from Ubuntu servers regularly. I just want a MOTD, not a complete status update from a server which probably marks this fetch as another statistic. I have a very nice quote from a discussion I remember: "If you need to get up at 3AM to keep services running, you're doing something wrong." You can make sure that most of the services in *NIX world to take care of itself while you're away without using any fancy SaaS or PaaS offering. Heck, even you can do failovers with heartbeatd. Even with a serial cable if you feel fancy. Bonus: This is the first thing I try to teach anyone in system administration and software engineering. "Do your work with good quality, so you don't have to wake up at 3AM". We have a standard routine called The restart test . We reboot the machine in a normal way to see how it behaves, but in the middle of the workload. Also, if the system is critical, sometimes we just yank the power cables to see what happens. Normally all plausible scenarios are tested and systems are well tortured before putting into production. It also helps that our majority of servers are cattle, not pets. So a missing cattle can wait until morning. Also all "pet" servers have active and tested failover, so they can wait until morning too. We once had a problem with a power outage when our generators failed to kick in, so we lost the whole datacenter. Even in this case we can return to all-operational in 2hrs or less. I forgot to add: We use installations from well tested templates, so installations have no wiggle-room configuration wise. If something is working, we can replicate that pretty reliably. I'm not against your point of view to be honest. It's a perfectly rational and pragmatic to act this way. I'm not also advocating that "complete, complex automation" is the definitive answer to this problem. On the contrary, I advocate "incremental automation" which, solves a single problem in a single step. If well documented, it works much better and reliably in the long run & can be maintained with ease. Quoting John Gall: > A complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from a simple system that worked. A complex system designed from scratch never works and cannot be patched up to make it work. Sorry, you're right. I confused it with its cousin, which is indeed called heartbeatd [0]. I'm new at Linux and system administration. I'm using Linux just for 20 years and managing systems for 13 years. [0]: https://www.manpagez.com/man/8/heartbeatd/ Running close to TMax values for extended periods of time is not a big problem. Servers in our HPC cluster runs with similar temperatures even with enough cooling and we change CPUs very very rarely. > Nvidia has traditionally been very easy to use with Linux... Unless you want to do some cutting edge stuff with it. We're begging nVidia to fix their DPMS implementation over DisplayPort for years now. Oh, I forgot that nVidia drivers do not make enabling VSync easy for video/compositing overlays for ~6 years? I have to disable all optimizations and lose 50% performance to enable VSync in a compositing or video layer. Yes, most of it works but some annoying parts do not work, and nVidia doesn't make anything easier. This is on a GTX680 card. It was king of the hill when I first bought it. Firefox's testing (aka studies) are opt-in, not opt-out. They probably source the items from various sources with different prices. So it's possible that you may get a counterfeit. I'm not sure whether they refund or exchange the counterfeit items though. > ...mainstream OSes? Look how far we've come. Linux was the alternative OS just ~15 years ago. Now it's one of the mainstream OSes . TBH, I'd like to see one of the BSDs to become one of the mainstream OSes too. :) edit: Except macOS ofc. :) I have an HP EliteBook 850 G2 and a MacBook Pro. I don't find the trackpoint and trackpad on my HP to be off-putting TBH. Yes, it lacks many gestures but, KDE has ample replacements for these gestures I think. Yes. cough ubuntu cough IIRC, they recently discontinued the link and related data sharing though. > ...but they've forked whatever they took; they never work to integrate their changes back upstream. This is why I personally force GPLv3 licenses in my own projects, even if it's fairly small. MIT is a beautiful license but, unfortunately this happens when idealism collides head-on with private corporations. Try a Kaweco or Lamy medium nib with a Kaweco or Lamy blue ink. It doesn't write bold. Same can be said with Lamy nib + Lamy black ink. Medium can mean a lot of things. My Parker Vector's medium nib with Parker's own ink is equal to broad on many other manufacturers. Kaweco's medium is almost equal to Lamy's fine. All nibs become quite comfortable after they are shaped by your hand and writing :) UniBall's vision elite pens shade like a fountain pen. I think it's mostly ink's behavior but it needs testing. It's not a Mac-centric solution but, all of my computers' crucial folders are sycned to each other via syncthing. Desktop computers also back them up to another disk via backintime (an advanced backup tool built on rdiff). This gives me realtime replication and two co-located backups. It's fire & forget kind of setup. Wouldn't allowing weaponization of APIs via copyrights throw interoperability out of the window? If this is a part of "Making America Great Again (TM)" campaign, they may be shooting them in the proverbial foot with a BFG9000 breaking down all interoperability in their own tech sector. I'm happy to show you quite a few servers which run almost at their TDP for 7/24/365. Yes, it's not very applicable to home scenarios but spike loads create a lot of noise at home when a CPU has high TDP. Can you please elaborate? I'm not against tor, I also support it but, the high cost of running exit nodes combined with suspected state-run nodes were also casting a shadow over tor when I last checked it. Mozilla's privacy run is not total stealth which, tor claims and strives to provide. On the other hand, Mozilla is providing practical cross-site tracking prevention which can be used by non tech-savvy people. IMHO, the tracking protection provided by Mozilla is beneficial for normal users. We, the more technical ones, can always setup or use something more advanced and elaborate as tor. As the cherry on top, some countries effectively block tor. Which leaves a bad taste in the mouth tbh. For sure but what about home servers which do transcoding for example? They will run at their TDP for some time and, create considerable noise and heat. Elaborating further: If apple forces ad-notifications to its own category and limits their rate and volume? Furthermore, if apple enables users to disallow ad-notifications via permissions system? I'd love to block promotional notifications of some applications which I have to use at the end of the day (e.g. airlines, network carrier, etc.) This can be a Very Good Thing (TM) in the end. I don't understand this either. Another example pops into my mind an article about a man who raped a fellow student in university. The article was ending with "X is continuing its education at Y, and he has Z gold medals and competes for university swimming team". This is just adding insult to injury. I'm considering to upgrade my primary computer this summer and considering an AMD system. Following is my thought process: - Maybe I should buy an Intel system again because of the performance counters and other nice things. Another Intel attack surfaces - Yep, I shall go AMD this time... Mine is not about "Fanboyism". I'm going to upgrade my system after 7 years and will go for a multi-core performance system for parallel software development. I consider AMD for its new Infinity Fabric and multi-core performance. I also use performance counters a lot to optimize my code and improve my understanding of modern processors even further. This will be my 5th build and I've built 2 AMD and 3 Intel systems for long-term use in a span of ~20 years. I think it's logical to go for a high-performance system with lower attack count/surface to reduce the chance of getting performance-crippling uCode or Kernel patches in the future. I was probably a fanboy while overclocking my 1433MHz 1700+ to 2.2GHz with ABIT ultra mother boards. These days and mindset has long gone, at least for me. OTOH, I have more than enough cutting edge hardware from major vendors to manage and play with. So, I'm not hungry for anything really. No problem. We're discussing stuff here. I also didn't want to sound angry or aggressive. I'm sorry if I did (English is not my native language). I also did root for AMD when I was younger however, in a more down-to-earth fashion. AMD was providing 90% of the performance of a comparable Intel system and, Intel was so dominating that AMD was at the brink of collapse. I rooted for AMD because I wanted them to survive. I wanted competition. I wanted to see more interesting ideas from more vendors. I also reacted to that infamous "AMD's thermal management doesn't work" video from Tom's Hardware because my and my friends' AMD systems' thermal management features were working fine. I rooted for AMD because they were more dynamic when compared to Intel. They allowed overclocking, experimenting. They had more chipset choices and some of these chipsets did interesting things that Intel was not daring to try. Intel was a company wearing suits even in weekends, while AMD was going to work putting on jeans and, it was exciting for young enthusiasts. AMD still has this in its gene though. They were kind and open enough to revise their GPU silicon to enable truly open source drivers sans HDCP. Their company culture is different and I root for the underdogs sometimes because, I root for competition. It sounds like I'm trying to debunk you, but I just want to answer your questions. I work as an HPC administrator and I just want to tell a single thing: We were unable to buy first generation EPYC processors because almost all of the production run is bought by Google, Amazon and Dropbox. They weren't offered by many vendors as general availability servers because it wasn't possible. It's a bit late here so, I cannot do much research but I'll leave this Phoronix article [0] about RocksDB performance. Phoronix Test Suite sounds a bit cheesy but, as far as I can see, it's becoming a reputable benchmark suite. I was troubleshooting a server from a big manufacturer and, its official live CD has this thing installed to see how system performs. Also our fellow HPC centers says that EPYC is not vaporware in terms of performance. [0]: https://www.phoronix.com/scan.php?page=article&item=intel-am... When you talk to disks via smartctl, the tool reports the specification versions they support. There's a ATA Version and SATA Version field for SATA disks. I was unable to get details on a SAS disk, but it was identified as a SAS drive successfully. These standards probably define mandatory and optional commands to certify disks as compatible with these specs IMHO. If the command is optional, then it's OK, but if it's not, then there's some bug fix what WD shall make. Some, if not most, USB2 to SATA/SAS bridges also allows passing these commands. smartctl can talk with most of the bridges to pass-thru commands, at least for SMART purposes. Seagate's 3.5" Backup Plus Hub drives mask the disk itself intentionally to show itself as a different, generic Seagate device, probably to prevent people from messing with the disk settings and identifying the disk itself. Sometimes the firmware is optimized for operation though. WD is one of the most advanced companies in this regard. My 4TB Passport drive reports a drive model which is not sold separately but, it's purpose built to run in an enclosure. My first generation Passport 320GB disk was also has a different firmware for enclosure based operation. IIRC some WD disks doesn't have SATA ports but USB ports are directly soldered to their drive boards. WD is an interesting company. Thanks for the reply and the utility. I'll take a look into it. Since I'm familiar with smartctl due to my server management roles, it came to my mind so I've shared. I never thought it should be able to handle beyond what it needs to do get SMART and other diagnostic data. Thanks again. :) I'm using BackInTime in three workstations for almost 3 years. Never let me down once. I love how it stores the configuration in the backup folder. You just mount your backups, fire up BiT in a new machine, show the foler, and viola! Addendum: BiT is python3. Debian Testing removed all python2 packages from mandatory installment 3 days ago. I have no python2 runtime on my system, yet BiT runs happily. Not to be confused with Amazon Ring maybe? Instead, I have a strict separation rule for these kind of services. No work stuff is hosted in my personal accounts, and work accounts are always created with a separate e-mail. I can just remove myself from everything work related without touching anything personal. While I was working with a small group, we had our own domain and e-mail addresses as a perk. My relationship went sour with the lead of the project and, as a power move, she disabled my e-mail and other accounts related to that group, guessing that a lot of stuff is connected to this e-mail (since the domain was prestigious in that circles) and doing so will hurt me a lot. Since only things related to the group/work was on that e-mail, literally nothing happened. I just broke off cleanly from the group and, a move designed to hurt me brought bliss to the parting process. Being a sysadmin for 15 years and a Linux desktop user for 18+ years, I can say that the requirements are vastly different after a certain point in the OS. The crux is making users do everything they need without accessing the parts they shouldn't. > Obsession with dark, unreadable text colors are much more destructive to my eyes than cursives. I disagree. When working at night, even with indoor lighting; pastel colors and lower intensity of darker themes reduce eye-strain significantly. Daily eye-strain takes its toll at night even if you didn't code or use screens during the day. I personally don't like ligatures as much too but, it's a choice after all. People shall enjoy the work they do, shall customize their working environment to reduce friction as much as possible for them. This is an extension of desktop customization and I look some of them with awe. I don't spend that much time customizing my coding environment and terminals. I also don't share some of the choices they make but, as I said, environment is a personal thing after all. > Whoever came up with the idea that blue on black was a good color for displaying code on a screen, or dark green on black was a good idea for comments should just stop using computers together with everyone who installs and uses those themes. Instead, we can use the themes which we like and suit us best, can't we? Personally I don't use f.lux however, I think it is a nice piece of technology. My monitor has a blue blocking filter and I personally keep it enabled 7/24 but, reducing the overall light intensity via dark themes works better for me especially, when coupled with the blue blocking filter of my monitor. OTOH, it's important to note that I always preferred darker themes on my systems since I started to use computers. For me, Microsoft will always be remembered with three things: - Trying to Jerry-rig ACPI standard so nothing other than Windows can run on PC platform (Bill Gates memo). - Trying to Embrace-Enhance-Extinguish Java with their fork. - Using obscure, undocumented extensions on everything (i.e. Frontpage was using IE specific extensions to make HTML files render nicer on IE but not on Netscape). I think that their current plan is a long/slow game to death-hug the Linux ecosystem if they can however, Google, IBM and other players probably won't allow them to do that. P.S.: Oh and of course, SecureBoot. Actually it's not as simple as that. Office is still making billions because of inertia in some cases. I have 5 Office 2019 licenses at home because my family is used to it, they're using it and happy; however I work in a big, continent-wide project and everything is done (spreadsheets to reports to slide decks to coffee) on Google Docs & Google Drive. No one is using Microsoft Office or any other desktop office software and, it works. Lines are not that clear cut anymore. I'm generally working with docs and in some meetings the time difference is 8 hours we (from nearly every country from US to Greece) connect to the same doc as 10+ people and change small details continuously and it works. I also use some sheets designed as multi-page input forms and it works well though, we don't collaborate on them real time. I'm using Firefox with a 16M/1M ADSL connection BTW. I think I love dark, pastel themes while you don't like them and I don't think ligatures are big problems too. Many companies may need the features and integration of Microsoft's suite with other Microsoft and third party tools for various reasons or just because they like the colors. I personally have no problem with that, and I didn't mean to contradict with this. My comments are just for my point of view and my experience. I'm in no position to talk for the whole landscape TBH. I didn't try AI denoisers but, Darktable's profiled denoiser works pretty well. The profiles is per camera and per iso, so the filter knows what to look for. The results are much better than advanced but unaware denoisers. What kind of small stuff? I may either try to help myself or just point you to the right direction. In fact, Debian has a structure and, once you get hang of it, you can just guess and do the thing you want. gzipping documents is a long tradition. Most common text reading tools (cat, more, less, grep, diff, and some more) has "z" variants which work on gzipped files directly, without ungzipping them. Most of the tools bigger documentations come in man and info files. If there's an even bigger, additional documentation, it comes with -doc package (like apache2-doc). Otherwise every package comes with some basic documentation and Debian specific changes file, most of the time. Debian's specifics on packaging is very strict. You just cannot package something and publish in the main repo. If your systems are cattles [0] your case holds. If not, your method won't work on the long term. Also, preseeding can do much more than ansible/salt/puppet. It can produce %100 reproducible systems under 5 minutes. Case in point: I manage a cluster and our deployments are managed by XCAT [1]. I just enter the IP addresses, the OS I want (CentOS or Debian), and some small details in 5 minutes. With three commands, I power up the machines and in 15 minutes ~200 servers are installed the way I want, with the OS I want, identically and with no risk to drift into anything. The magic? XCAT generates Kickstart/Preseed files and instead of pushing a minion and blasting through the installation, it configures them properly. Some compilation and other stuff is done with off the shelf scripts we have written over the years. More stable and practical than trying to stabilize a salt recipe/pillar set or an ansible playbook. I only re-install a server if its disks are shot or it somehow corrupts itself (which happens once a year per ~500 servers due to some hw glitch or something). The new ways are cool, but they don't replace the old methods. You're free to choose the one you like most. [0]: https://www.engineyard.com/blog/pets-vs-cattle [1]: https://xcat-docs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/ Debian adds another two things which are priceless IMHO: - Set and forget servers (enable automatic security updates and just let it run). - Painless and guaranteed stable to stable upgrade paths. Can you compare the time required to generate a preseed file and a playbook? Also, how often do you rebuild a playbook and a preseed file? Honestly asking, no traps here. In normal enterprise operations, it's easily attainable. I presume your servers are not extremely under load and they mount a remote storage system. In our system, there's tens of storage servers under heavy load (while they are redundant they are generally actively load-balancing) and more than 700 nodes which are cattle but under max load 24/7/365. The whole thing doesn't have any time or space to breath basically. While losing nodes doesn't do any harm, we lose some processes hence lose time and, we don't want that. Even if we can restore something under 15 minutes, avoiding this allows us to complete a lot of jobs. We don't want to rewind and re-execute a multi-day, multi-node job just because something decided to go south randomly. Our servers are rarely rebooted and most reboots mean we have a hardware problem. Oh, I understand now. I generally do service configuration at the post-install stage and if I have a working configuration just get that from our central storage. Or just write a small script and add to the post-boot steps of XCAT to run the commands and configure that stuff. I configure the service by hand at one server, polish it, get the file (or steps) and roll it out. So, preseed file stays very stable. We only change a line or two over the years. Thanks for the answer BTW. Edit: It's late here. There's packet loss between my brain and fingers. If Linux was a big-iron only OS, I could happily agree but, this stubborn thing works from Raspberries to mainframes and everything in between. So it's not always possible to run it on a CPU which can drive an ZFS on a multi-disk enclosure. I'd rather have individually compressed files instead of running a heavier FS layer with smaller/less powerful systems. > Programs are not designed to be readable, they are designed to solve a problem. No. Code should be readable. When a code is fresh only you and God knows what it does and how it does. 6 month later, only God knows how your code works. You need to re-read and understand it to grasp it again. Unless you marked all magic with big comments blocks or you wrote your code explicitly, it'll take some headache-inducing hours to re-understand it. > The first goal is to get the correct program, and only after, it is important to make the code readable. A readable code that doesn't work is not worth much. Again no. You can leave a non-working but readable code overnight and understand the problem tomorrow morning. You can't remember random noise after a good night's sleep (unrelated: This is why regex is hard for our brains). Related read: http://raganwald.com/2013/04/02/explicit-versus-clever.html > A readable incorrect program is worse than an unreadable correct one. That neither is acceptable doesn’t negate that. I will happily fix a readable but non-working code rather than maintain a working but unreadable code any day under the sun. > We are talking about teaching. I'm heeding the way of my professor. She cut serious points from non-working code as expected but commented on our code in great extent regardless of its state. She one to one explained to all of her students why their code didn't work. She similarly reduced grade of a working but, non-readable code and she clearly told why she did that. Also you got bonus points for informed experimenting, going the extra mile. She always asked us hard tracing questions in exams. I complained once: "Why do I need to compile this in my mind while the compilers can do all the job?" She calmly answered: "If you can't compile that code in your mind, the compiler can't do it either.". It took me 6 years to sink that in but, when it did, I really enlightened. With her style, you got to write working code to pass the course, regardless of all bonus points. If you can't code, you can't pass the exams either. She was great because of this. Professors shall teach to write readable and working code, there's no exception. She was actively developing NLP systems when I last talked with her. I develop scientific applications. Both of these fields create convoluted code by default so, writing readable code is a really great ability to have. > Are Computer Science programs supposed to produce software engineers or people grounded in the theory? I'm a graduate of a program called "Computer Engineering" which infuses a good deal of theory coupled with hardware and programming internals (gates, ALUs, programming language design, theory and implications, etc.) As a person who absolutely loves coding, I immensely enjoy writing code while being able to visualize/understand how it will execute on the hardware. New CPUs blur the things continuously though. Using/preferring open source software has some facets. - First one is the stance. If I'm developing open source software, I want to build it on open source pillars. This ensures that I can just share the project file with the repository. - Second one is access to source. I've chatted with a guy who had a problem with Eclipse CDT. He also reported a bug. I reproduced the bug and reported to bugzilla under his report. Someone looked to it in 24 hours after my reproduction and it's fixed and pushed. I'm using Linux and open source software most of the time for the past 15 years. Open source tools gave me a better overall experience because being able to diagnose and workaround a problem makes my life much easier. If I can I'll push a patch, otherwise I'll report. I have some closed source applications inevitably and if they're a bit complex and have some bugs, I'm a sitting duck waiting for answers to my e-mails and updates which fix bugs. This doesn't happen all the time because every developer has a time budget and will rightly spend its time on higher impact bugs. If you hammer a piece of software enough, you'll probably hit a bug which is not a big impact for most people but affects you in a big way. These kind of problems turn your relationship sour with that app. This is why I use Eclipse for last 16 years or so. Yes it's not the prettiest, it's not the fastest but, it's well polished under the hood, I can access the devs and the source and it's overall stable and extremely feature rich. Short answer: Because this is my experience over the long term. Long Answer: I didn't say that only open source can fix bugs in 24 hours but, in order to get your bug fixed in 24h in a closed source software, you need to pay some top dollar for that service. Otherwise you'll most probably wait for the next point release which may or may not contain a fix to your bug. In most closed source software, the process is completely opaque after your bug report is acknowledged. You don't know when will it fixed or ever be fixed. That's not a joyful wait sometimes. OTOH, you're absolutely right. Not all bugs in OSS is fixed in 24h straight. Some got never fixed or fixed out of the tree. Also, an awful lot of software dies. OSS projects probably die more because they are one man shows most of the time unless they get a loyal following and they are very very good. However, you can compile and patch a dead open source project. You can't revive closed source software once it's dead and bit-rotten. I want to give a couple of fresh examples, from Intel. I have an HP Spectre X2 detachable tablet PC which runs Windows 10. This PC has an embedded Intel Wireless Dual AC 7265 card. Out of the box, thing works great. Rock solid. Windows updated its driver in some point and that driver which, has WHQL seal and everything, crashes that wireless card. You need to reset the card every time the card goes low power mode and comes back. Intel has an even more recent driver, which does not fix the issue. The PC has a full fleet of updates too. BIOS, ME firmware, board FW and what not. Nope. The problem is still there. What's the best solution? Roll back that driver to initial version. Now it works. Can Intel fix this? Of course! In 24h? Why not? Will they fix it? Of course not! Why? AC 7265 is EOL, so no incentives. However, on paper all of these drivers support 7265. 2nd example is e1000e Linux driver, again from Intel. This is an open source Intel Ethernet card driver which supports whole fleet of cards. From lowish-end to top end silicon. Intel added a new feature to this driver and some cards started to crash, incl. mine (relevant bugzilla is [0]). Patch is isolated, distributions rolled it back relatively quickly and many people are back on track. Kernel people are still looking at it without rush since, everything is working without the latest patch. Who wrote the last crashing patch? Intel. Can they fix it? Of course! Even in 24h? They may if they really want to. Will they fix it? Of course not! Why? Not enough incentives. Bonus: While unrelated to both, I've waited a company to change a string comparison to case insensitive mode (or just capitalize the first name of the file they bundle) for a software that I bought for over a year. I reported that thing 10+ times! They didn't fix it ever. I changed the name of the file on every update. Over and over. [0]: https://bugzilla.kernel.org/show_bug.cgi?id=205047 > OSS usually lacks polish and only works well if your workflow is sufficiently similar to the developers' workflow. On the polish side, you're not entirely wrong, but it's debatable. On the UI side, most of the applications doesn't have the level of polish of paid applications however, some of the open source software is extremely capable and stable at the foundation level. Amarok can handle ~350GB music archive with its metadata without even sneezing but, JuK shivers and dies when encounters the archive (both open source). Eclipse is a very robust piece of software while its UI is old, dated, and relatively ugly (I like it as it is though). Similarly Digikam is probably the best large photo management application out there with some very nifty features. There are not many multi-TB capable photo libraries out there. All of these software is free software. Also, Darktable, while is not the best, I use it more than my many paid and expensive photography applications because its tools and results are so good. These are the ones I use regularly. Not any of these applications force you to use it in a particular way because many people have provided feedback to it and they have large development teams and user bases. I think we can say that software without big user bases force the workflow of the developer because, developer(s) cannot think any other way. Genuinely asking, can you provide some examples to such software? I may be biased since I'm using this thing 15+ years and may have lost some perspective, honestly. > Linux is great if all you're doing is developing software with popular tools/languages, I want to politely disagree with this. I'm an old school C++ developer who uses Eclipse and takes some photos and postprocess/edit them with purely free software and, I think it works better than most Mac tools that I paid substantial money. > but if you want to use your computer like a normal person for a change, it's pretty bad. I've consistently had issues with basic functionality like HiDPI scaling, trackpad and wifi drivers, power management, and just general polish. I didn't recently install Linux to any modern laptop built in ~2 years but, I have an HP EliteBook 850 G2 at office. This thing is running Debian since day one and almost everything (Trackpad, WiFi, power management) is working out of the box (I didn't compile anything or fiddle under the hood) and it runs solid 7 hours before its battery depletes. In your defence the fingerprint reader was unsupported at that time so I didn't fiddle with it and since I was not doing any hard work, I disabled its discrete graphics. I only reboot it when I install a new kernel to it. My office desktop has a 2K display and, everything scales on XFCE4 and GTK out of the box. I didn't do do any tweaking. On the polish side, out of the box DEs are all ugly. A good theme and a good wallpaper makes them top notch I think. I personally use XFCE4 on my desktop and KDE on my laptop (and home desktop) and, I can say that, KDE can boost productivity of an average user 3-4x just with included search & indexing facilities and usability features. > That's not to say that Windows and macOS are amazing and perfect - they aren't. But they're a whole lot better than Linux for normal use. Nothing is perfect. Neither Linux, Windows or macOS. they are all tools. I love Linux because I believe what it stands for and I can work blazing fast with it but, I also have a Mac and support my families Windows systems. macOS is the most time-efficient system out there. Linux with KDE is a very close second. Well, windows is the same experience for me since Windows 95 (productivity wise, not stability). Progress is only possible if we're honest to each other and ourselves. I'm not a Linux zealot and if I sounded like one, I'm genuinely sorry. Every application is a work in progress. They either improve continuously or in point releases, step by step. We were using musescore for our sheet music while I was playing in a symphony orchestra and, it was very capable back then. It was missing some very niche things (like Turkish Music Coma notation which divides a note to 9!) but, it was vastly usable. I'm glad they didn't stop and moving forward. It's a very nice piece of software. People didn't like Symbian and PalmOS when shinier alternatives came out but, these two OSes did a lot fundamental things correctly and efficiently. The iOS lockscreen is a modernized version of the Today app from PalmOS. Current iOS homescreen is a slightly modified version of PalmOS homescreen to be precise. PalmOS and Symbian are the pioneers of mobile OSes and they were pretty good at that. Sony's image sensor fab business is a bit different. First of all, there's two companies: Semiconductor and Imaging. Sony opens some of their technologies to other customers by transferring Imaging unit's patents to Semi and allows them for re-licensing. So, not everyone is using the same sensor even if they are coming out from the same fab. Second, there's customer tailored sensor business. Sony can provide a customer a baseline to start and, customer can customize this sensor according to their needs and got it produced for themselves. Lastly, there's strict division between customers in semiconductor side. So Sony Imaging can't access to specs and design of other customers' sensors. How it works in real life? - Sony A7 series use Sony's sensors with all their secrets at their disposal but, not with Nikon's and Fuji's secret sauces. - Nikon orders customized, "Designed by Nikon" sensors to Sony Semi. Sony Imaging cannot access them (unless they buy and disassemble a Nikon Z). - Same for Fuji. They have less rolling shutter in XT-4 for example, and it's again built by Sony, for Fuji. No, Sony Imaging can't play with them. - Canon R5's sensor is "Designed by Canon". I'm not sure they are producing it. Sony or Tower Jazz maybe producing it. I don't know. At the end of the day, the fab is almost one but, designs are many and diversified and, nobody can see each other's design. Like TSMC and Global Foundries. In bigger semiconductor business we have three main fabs. Intel, TSMC, Global Foundries. Intel is closed to outside customers, so again we have a duopoly there. It's not very very different in the bigger picture if you ask me. Please correct me if I'm wrong. AFAIK, they still have but, it might not be sufficiently advanced to produce R5's sensor. I'm not sure about the origin of R5's sensor as I said. Hope their fab lives on. Thanks for pointing out both. I was not aware of Intel and, I didn't realize that Samsung got that big. It occurred to me that Kingston probably has its own fab too. Of course. More fabs means more competition and better robustness across the industry. In a perfect world, It'd be nice for Nikon to build a fab with the lithography equipment they already produce. The increase in CPU power doesn't become apparent until you start to use vectorization heavily or use your CPU for floating point-heavy scientific computing. Some of the code I've written can speed up 3x just by using newer SIMD instruction sets and bigger caches. It's unbelievable until you see it. I also manage HPC clusters, so we see strange effects when developers excessively hand-tune their code for a specific architecture. Because back in the day, iPhone have ripped off both home screen and Today application's designs (which was a very useful third party tool which provides an overview of your day with relevant notifications) from PalmOS. In other words, design goes both ways. There's no ripoff from my point of view. If you ask me, they've applied the paradigm in a pretty neat way, which was Palm's strong point back in the day. I had an Alcatel One Touch Easy and One Touch Max. Both had high chirpy tones and powerful speakers. My budgerigar have learnt that I always responded to SMS tone of the phones and started to mimic them when she wanted some time with me. She did them with pinpoint accuracy so, it was impossible to tell whether it was the phone or her. She also chirped parts of the ringtones for fun. Also we had a tune between us. I'd whistle a specific tune and she'd respond back with the same tune (or vice versa). It was a kind of pinging each other. Thanks. She was very intelligent and very loving. :) There are .deb packages in the non-free repo and it just works as long as the driver has no bugs regarding to card installed on the system. > Except that Ubuntu actually doesn't shit itself almost every time you add a 3rd party package/repo and comes with reasonable defaults. I'm using debian testing for more than 15 years and it never shit itself for a 3rd party repo. Debian comes with whathever the original software developers set as the default sans the wallpaper. For sensible default you can bug the software developer in question, not debian. On the server side, I only use stable (due to security updates and other critical stuff). Using testing in three desktop systems (two at office, one at home) currently, all workstations which see regular, heavy usage. To add unstable packages to a stable system with repo pinning and using apt directly is not the best practice though. If I'm going to add stuff from unstable, I use aptitude. Its dependency resolution and solution suggestions are better and more manageable than ordinary apt. It allows you what's going to happen before actually pulling the trigger. The only package I get from unstable is firefox. I add the repo, update the package and remove the repo afterwards because unstable and experimental are highly chaotic realms and not suitable to use continuously due to high rate of uncontrolled change. Also unstable and experimental are not guaranteed to not to break. Testing and stable are implicitly (testing) and explicitly (stable) is guaranteed to work. With this recipe, I only had to re-install a Debian system once; to migrate it from 32 to 64 bits since a very big disk cache with very small files was triggering a bug causing disks to trash and system slow down to a crawl. There were no procedures to migrate a 32 bit system to a 64 one in a reliable manner so, I just reinstalled it. vi and emacs are strange pieces of software which were built in a different era for different (more knowledgeable) people. Nano is a nice little editor with its own quirks and I love all of them. However, vi is something beyond powerful. Even if you give the littlest of effort to learn its inner powers, it pays dividends in a rather handsome way. I know very little vi but, even with it I can save tremendous amount of work which can be also done with grep, sed, awk and its friends. Open a file, write something seemingly gibberish and magic happens. ... and that makes me happy and saves me a lot of time. Everybody can say vi and emacs are hard and unnecessarily complex for a beginner (and I can buy them countless rounds of beers) but, calling people who defend/like vi as elitist is a little harsh. I personally find modern Linux and git easier to grasp and discover compared to vi/vim/emacs. Help prompts, user interfaces and capabilities of GUI tools have increased tremendously over the last decade in the Linux realm. However, vi (because of its nature) stayed almost the same. Even in 2020, I need to dig a lot of resources and keep my own notes to do anything complex in vi(m). This is not the same for rest of a Linux installation. Relevant XKCD: https://xkcd.com/378/ Also, Intel almost never provides the frequency throttling details for AVX-512 heavy workloads, which is called AVX base frequency. You can only see the performance values for yourself, or believe the SPEC benchmarks. If you're working in an HPC center, you may ask your fellow centers and get off-the-record answers, sometimes. When we got our processors last year for our new cluster (I work in an HPC center), Intel explicitly said that it's confidential information and cannot be shared. I remember reading the datasheets myself and not being able to find it, together with my teammates. So they changed their mind two months ago, and shared this info for their processors. Guess that the information lost its significance. Either way, a processor significantly throttles under AVX-512 load. Nice. Edit: I re-read the document and found our SKUs under the "newly added" table and, clarified the comment. Original Datasheets: - https://www.intel.com/content/www/tr/tr/products/docs/proces... - https://www.intel.com/content/www/tr/tr/products/docs/proces... Spec Update - For re-referencing: - https://www.intel.com/content/dam/www/public/us/en/documents... The base frequencies for first generation scalable was available however, not very publicly . You either needed to dig very deep in Intel's site or, find the blog post of some guy who nicely tabulated the data. Our mostly used SKUs are released in 2019 so, its data was not available since years ago . Intel was very open about how their tech worked when it was new, needed to show their tech against the competition and not limited by thermal constraints. When they became the dominant player, they didn't feel bad about hiding small but important details from their consumers. Until EPYC came and pushed & prodded them around, they didn't bother to release both "R" processors and the related frequency scaling data for AVX-512 loads. When I last deep dived to the cellular hardware, Radio always had its sealed off processor with a postbox firmware upload port. After initializing it, you left it alone and just used the comm-ports to talk with it. As far as I understand, in the name of efficiency and compactness, they are on the same silicon now. Are they still a different CPU core or just run on the main processor block? Rules and laws are good tools and, I understand how law works in the most superficial way but, I fail to understand normalization of ignorance of some required features with the "nobody forced us to do this, so we just didn't care". As human beings first and programmers later, we should understand that people with disabilities exist and assistive technologies need attention. Why, as decent human beings, don't we do something nice without the push of laws, for once? I practice Zen and, after certain point you don't even watch your breathing. You just become aware of it. So, you restrict nothing. Unfortunately meditation and spirituality is a very sharp and two edged sword. You need to find the correct people alongside the correct path. In our way, there's no Spiritual Experience (TM) . You just become aware of the issues in your life and with yourself, then you try to solve them. We say that "something is useless if it doesn't improve your real life in a perceivable way". Your explanation is actually what I've intended to say. We don't cling to them. They're not important as-is and not to be chased. I've also got my fair share (of experiences) but, I don't remember any of them except one or two odd ones. I remember them because they've proved to be some pivotal moments which my life became better afterwards. Can it be high endurance drives? My MacBook Pro has used 5% of its SSD endurance in 6 years or so? It has a 1TB SSD. I'm not filling it up, but I'm not trying to optimize the writes or something? I actually do heavy data processing but not every day. It can be hundreds of RAW images (50MB/image) or the simulation software I'm working on which can generate GBs of output in 3 seconds if I leave the wrong flags on. In my other workstation I can actually see the big jumps of write accumulation when I do these tasks via SMART (I log the data periodically). So mine was a honest question rather than covert fanboyism. My other workstation is a Linux machine. I use the Mac as the portable one so, they can replace each other at any moment's notice. This is why I paid or a 1TB SSD on the Mac. I guessed that I'd wear it down faster but nope, that thing holds. I'm not aware about the TBW rating of the Mac's SSD. I didn't drill into its SMART stats. Maybe I should do that. Home workstation's home is on a Samsung 860 Pro, 256GB version, which has 300TBW. I have a slower storage tier on that computer for big files and archives so, it's only hammered when I really need that speed. When I bought the Mac, 1TB SSD was top of the line. 2TB was not available for Mid 2014 Macs. Actually, I upgraded everything as apple could while buying it I'm aware of the dynamics of SSD writes and TBW values. I personally don't write that brutally. Things get hot if I'm processing images or working on my software and need to see some detailed logs or interim results along the way. If I was using my computer as an ordinary user, I'd not worry about it at all. My family's computer runs on much simpler drives and their write volume is nowhere near me. Actually, my method is very simple. Every 10 minutes I log the Total LBAs Written attribute from the SSD to a log file alongside a long time stamp. Periodically I graph the data with GNUPlot. There's a slight slope most of the time. In some regions there are jumps. These are generally when I seriously work with my software, generating logs and other output. System is on another SSD and swap is on a high performance HDD so, they do not affect the graphs I'm getting. That jumps helped me to catch two KDE bugs. One was an isolated case with akonadi. Other one was reported and possibly KRunner's bookmarks extension will see some more revisions to eliminate disk trashing. Addendum: When I have spare time, I'd write a small HTML/JS file to get the data from log file and graph it interactively. A both fun and useful project. Welcome to the Turkish language, where we have ı, i, I and İ. In our language the conversion is as follows: - i İ - ı I We love our dots and preserve them. For a more detailed read, please see: https://blog.codinghorror.com/whats-wrong-with-turkey/ Turkish is the only language which has the ı & I pair. Similarly, AFAIK, Turkish is again the only language with ğ and ş letters. So, by testing for Turkish, you test for a lot of European languages at once. Moreover we share some modified letters(ç, ü) with other Central European languages. If your program can pass “The Turkish Test”, you pass a lot of others too. In the olden times, ending words with e instead of a is considered an acceptable typo. Also the article explicitly says "it looked like he wrote". So when you see red, that last letter can become anything and nothing would change. Isn’t capital j is dotless in every language? Note: This is a comment I wrote to another article in HN and it still holds today: No. Just, no. I want to share something that I experienced very recently. I use Firefox and Chrome (just for using Taskboard) at work. I also use Firefox at home. Both systems are Debian. The perceived browser speed was Chrome (Work) > Firefox (Work) > Firefox (Home). I always thought it was about DNS resolution, so I started running DNSMasq at home on an OrangePi Zero but, it didn't make much difference. Two days ago, my home ADSL modem suddenly died. I replaced it with a more modern version and everything about speed has changed. Now The speed of Firefox at home is equal with the speed of Chrome at Work, Firefox at work is slightly behind. It can be said that Firefox is much more sensitive to network parameters like DNS response times, but its rendering engine and other capabilities are not behind Chrome. Thanks for your answer. Being able to discuss these things feel good. > However, the Javascript engine leaves something to be desired; the trend to make everything an application has ruined the performance of many sites. I'm pretty bitter about "everything is an application" trend though. Coming from the original web, limited by 56K days creates a lot of "old man yells to cloud" moments, performance wise. However, as a Linux user, I suspect not all of the performance penalty comes from the JS pipeline. Accelerated rendering of webpage is severely lacking in Linux (especially with nVidia proprietary drivers). I have a COVID-19 tracker (who doesn't in these days) it's at https://hbayindir.github.io/covid-19-turkey/ The graph animations are smooth in Chrome & Firefox for Windows but, not in Firefox for Linux. I think rendering engine is fine, JS is more than good enough, but HW acceleration in Linux needs attention. > There's also downsides to the way Firefox protects your privacy. If you enable the default privacy blocking, some resources fail to load on websites, making many websites load fallbacks or lag while they're waiting for their ad script to initialize. It may be but I didn't notice anything to be honest. I'll look out for this. > Finally, I've noticed Firefox has significant performance issues in video decoding compared to Chrome. This manifests itself as memory leaks and some tabs being frozen (every tab within the same browser subprocess, basically) and can be resolved by killing the process that's been messed up, but it's still an issue for normal use. I don't experience anything similar in Firefox. Sometimes I leave Youtube open for weeks (because, long music mixes) and nothing stutters or goes awry. Sometimes a tab consumes too much resources (something like reddit or, HN) and it creates input lag while writing into textboxes like this. Everything recovers when I kill the offending tab. Similarly watching 2K and 4K videos over youtube doesn't tax my system at all. Everything is gracefully HW accelerated OTOH, picture in picture implementation of Firefox is so much behind that I can see the frame rate drops below 15FPS most of the time, so it's unusable. I guess, it the FF could HW accelerate everything, the problem will solve itself. All in all, Firefox has some missing parts and needs some serious work in these parts and FF people looks not very interested in these parts (I'm not very firm on this opinion. This is how it looks from here). Actually, the Intel drivers work really well until they don't. With every new kernel release, my laptop shows more and more visual artifacts god knows why. Hope that their GPU driver quality won't degrade to e1000e levels, where cards freeze randomly or lose links just because they didn't find the passing packets as exciting as I do, get bored and stop working. AMD has revised its silicon (decoupled HDCP stuff from video encoder/decoder to be able to open source video hardware) to enable unencumbered open source drivers while nVidia obfuscates everything deeper and deeper. It's a big disservice to compare them to nVidia about driver quality at this point. Currently e1000e is problematic even in relatively new hardware. On Windows, they publish WHQL certified broken drivers. > If it is so unpopular, how come Firefox hasn’t axed it? Because I don't think it's quite unpopular. I'm a Pocket subscriber and use it very heavily, even before it joined Mozilla and got integrated into FF). It provides some revenue stream into Mozilla and it's a genuinely useful service. > How come only popular things like advanced extension support gets axed? There was a very detailed blog post about it recently. It boils down the architecture being a roadblock and being very open to operational abuse in terms of security and privacy of the users. Sometimes, the most elegant and useful code gets the axe because, it genuinely blocks something further down the road. It's painful but, it sometimes needs to happen like this. Firefox is a very old code base. It's every part has been changed over time but, these changes were always gradual and connected to previous iterations so, the evolution kinda had a forced path out from some states. > Why are they spending time and resources on horrific products like Pocket when they could be literally improving their browser. Why is it pushed so aggressively and shamelessly? You might be thinking some service/product to be horrific but, I personally like to be able to read some stuff distraction free and being able store its permanent copies with my annotations on it very convenient from a knowledge base perspective. Looks like I'm not the only one so, the service's still alive. Google bundles a complete platform and a lot of proprietary features for Google products with Chrome, most people don't bat an eye. Opera bundles some features more than a browser (VPN, et al.) with the browser, similarly people don't get rubbed by it. Mozilla puts a button which is just a scriptlet to the UI and people got tipped off. It just sits there and can be turned off [1]. I've never experienced any aggressive marketing for Pocket by Firefox (in app or out of band). I only get a weekly articles digest which, I subscribed and, that's all. I wish we were living in an era where free and high quality software just survive without any revenue stream and web is not a mess of standards, bombardment of adverts and analytics frameworks and other sinister stuff but, that ship has unfortunately sailed and, I personally still angry about it. [1]: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/disable-or-re-enable-po... AFAIK that revenue stream is search provider agreements and it's no revenue stream. In current conjecture, it's Google giving them some money to keep Mozilla afloat so, they don't become a monopoly per se. Please correct me, if I'm wrong. 7200 RPM drives indeed have faster access (in terms of seek latency) and higher sustained throughput but, heat and power is not simple variables as one might think. Especially RED drives are marketed for NAS systems (from home to SMB size). When a drives are installed into a closure, things like power and thermal budget comes into play. NAS boxes are designed with strict limits and if they cannot cool themselves (and the drives) off or cannot supply the required power to drives; data corruption, performance/life span degradation may occur. In extreme cases (with large storage arrays) calculated overall power budget can skew and may cause blackouts in some parts of the data center. There's a presumed ~2W difference in power consumption between 5.4K and 7.2K drives. We can safely install 60 of them in a 4U enclosure today. If we add 4 enclosures to a rack, that creates a ~480W difference, which is a one HPC server or 2-3 low-load, 1U or 2U servers. This is indeed significant. While some of these drives are in MyBook enclosures, REDs may end up in very different places and may cause problems. In that case, head or spindle noise is not even the smallest concern. If we're talking about noise, continuous (spindle) noise is much more degrading than head/seek noise. For me, even benign noises like USB fans have much more noticable effects after the day than mechanical keyboard noise for example. If we consider WD80EFAX [0], which is one of the suspect drives, that figure is for idle power consumption where disk is spinning but heads are not doing anything. So, that difference is for sustaining higher spindle speeds. The peak power requirement is 1.79A (~21.5W) which is probably consumed when starting from full-stop state (stand-by, sleep or power-off where motor is turned off). [0]: https://media.flixcar.com/f360cdn/Western_Digital-3805661149... [0]: https://products.wdc.com/library/SpecSheet/ENG/2879-800002.p... I'm using Logitech mice for a very very long time and their G700 and M705 are indestructible work horses. I also have a Magic Mouse for My MBP but, except it's touch surface, it's worlds apart. I've used Ergo 4000 for a decade (I still have it), but moved to a conventional G710+ because it has Cherry MX brown switches. The problem with Ergo4000 is, its keys wear down over time. It's a very nice keyboard and tends to teach you touch typing correcty but, the keys become heavier over much use. I didn't notice it until I've switched to G710+. Cherry MX Brown switches are really softer and allows me to work with my computer longer. I don't have RSI but, My fingers felt tired at the end of a long session. Now with 710+, it never happens. I have both a Mac and iPad and, I'm in a developing country. Paying $100/year for a utility like this a bit too much. Exchange rates aside, I'm coming from register once, pay to upgrade world. When deciding not pay means losing access to the app, not to the latest version only; It's very hard for me to fork the cash. Some top of my head suggestions based on our experience: - Use Proxmox. Even free version can go a long way (because backing up VMs periodically is a good thing and Proxmox can do it fine). - If you're going to run Linux, run XFCE desktops with X2Go server. X2Go can work almost in any network condition. - Test PCI forwarding extremely well before taking the plunge. Especially if you're going to virtualize specially designed equipment. If it works, it's magic. If it doesn't then you're in big trouble. - If the PCI cards will be migrated from older equipment to newer one, test to see whether they work well with spread spectrum. If it doesn't make sure that the server you use allows disabling it. However, the root of trust is embedded to the CPU. So, you can't hammer the CPU on another board for keys. Also, we sometimes lose the CPU rather than the board. As the CPUs become more complex, their probability to fail has risen. > Today, people refer to Intel as Chipzilla; tomorrow Nvidia will carry that moniker.Today, people refer to Intel as Chipzilla; tomorrow Nvidia will carry that moniker. Intel will always be the "Chipzilla". nVidia won't replace them but, will join it as the "Chipkong". So we'll have two problems, not a single but, different one. It won't be a duopoly because nVidia doesn't make x86 hardware. Even if they did, there would be three contenders (AMD, Intel, nVidia). nVidia is becoming an AI/HPC behemoth. GPUs for Compute, ARM for feeding the GPUs, Infiniband for interconnect. All in a tightly integrated, closed package. This is a clear monopoly. They're light years ahead in terms of GPU development and Debugging tools when compared to AMD. CUDA cornered AI/GPU computing it seems. Intel's interconnect foray has fizzled, like their Xeon Phi / Larabee efforts. So, nVidia has the interconnect (Infiniband) and compute part for now. CPUs can be challenged and disrupted. It's a mature technology. AMD can catch nVidia in enterprise in medium term (hopefully), but Infiniband has no competitors for what it does. And no, 100G Ethernet is no match for 100G Infiniband (we use it a lot since DDR. It's an insane tech). We're living in interesting times. Looks somewhat unlikely. We may have other architectures as mainstream and, they would be more energy efficient for the same performance of x86 in mainstream use but, pure SIMD computation is underrated IMHO. Yes, AVX has a clock penalty but, if your code is math heavy (scientific, simulation, etc.) it's extremely convenient for some scenarios still. GPUs are not perfect for "streaming data processing" or intermittent processing because their setup and startup time is still in seconds. You need to transfer data first to the GPU if you want the full speed also. In CPU computing this overhead is nonexistent. I develop a scientific application and we've seen that with the improvements in the FPU and SIMD pipelines across generations, a 2GHz core can match a 3.7GHz one in per core performance in some cases. This is insane. This is a simple compilation with -O3 only. march and mtune were not added intentionally. Unless GPU becomes as transparent as CPU, we either need to catch or surpass X86 on SIMD / pure math level to replace it completely. X was Google X, now it's Alphabet X. Google was Google, now it's Alphabet Google. Google was the name of the search engine and the company. Now the company name has changed, everything is restructured and Google is an ad platform with a search engine. "X Development LLC. is an American semi-secret research and development facility and organization founded by Google in January 2010, which now operates as a subsidiary of Alphabet Inc. X has its headquarters about a mile and a half from Alphabet's corporate headquarters, the Googleplex, in Mountain View, California."[0] [0]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X_(company) Infiniband (IB) is not a network per se. It's a HBA. It can run TCP/IP but it's not the main application. Every infiniband adapter is self-aware & topology aware. They know where the other nodes are so, they can directly talk with each other, regardless of the topology (network is mapped, managed and maintained by a daemon called subnet-manager which can either run on switches or a dedicated server). This hardware and software combo results in three things: 1. Memory to memory transfers: IB can transfer from RAM of a host to RAM of another host, directly with RDMA. This means, when you run MPI and send a message to other processes, it's magically beamed over there, direct to RAM of the target(s). IB is transparent to MPI via its libraries, so everything automagic and 100x faster. 2. Latency: A to B latency is around 2-5 ns ( nanoseconds ). This means, when running stuff like MPI, machines become one as much as they can be. Until ethernet assembles your one package, you're there; possibly finished your transfer and continuing to churn your code. 3. Speed: 40Gbps IB means 38+ Gbps real throughput. For every p2p connection if you're running through a cube topology core switch. 80Gbps means around 78 or so. So theoretical and maximum is not so distant from each other. In most cases, 100 means 100 sustained, 80 means 80 sustained and so on (you can attach storage devices to IB network and enjoy that speed and latency on your HPC compute nodes for files). Moreover, with more modern cards and switching hardware, It hardware accelerates MPI operations (broadcast, atomics, summation, etc.) and has multi-context support for supporting multiple MPI processes without blocking each other as much as possible. For HPC, it's a different universe of speed, latency and processing acceleration. Moreover, you can run TCP/IP over it but, we generally run another gigabit network for server management. > Windows drivers are starting to work better now that Microsoft adopted the Linux model of centralizing them. No. Intel ships WHQL Certified broken WiFi drivers via Windows Update. It took me three weeks to try all available versions, settings etc to troubleshoot. At last, I've roll backed the driver to earliest version and pinned it there. Now the wireless card is working as intended. Device is an HP Spectre X2 convertible tablet so everything is a package. Edit: Use kinder words. > It was AMD who started calling FP32 ALUs 'shader cores' or 'shaders' with the introduction of the ill fated 2900 XT IIRC, ATI started to use proper FP32 ALUs for both pixel shading and video processing/acceleration [0] around the same time. I guess doing this stuff needs more than simple MUL/ACC instructions. So, there's no misdirection here. [0]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Video_Shader > Google isn't doing interesting things anymore. I think they've founded X because Google's interesting ideas got too big for a single department, so they spun it off. We don't know how many smaller X inventions get into Google ecosystem. I'm sure that some of that research got integrated back into their data centers or networking hardware, etc. If we're going to stick to literal definitions of the things in computer science, we should get the forks out and march to the sotrage manufacturers' HQs to force them to accept 1kB is actually 1024 bytes, not 1000. From my PoV, any functionally complete computational unit (in the context of the device) can be called a core. Should we say that GPUs has no core because they don't support 3D Now! or SSE or AES instructions? Consider an FPGA. I can program it to have many small cores which can do a small set of operations or I can program it to be single but more capable core. Which one is a real core then? > I've installed Intel's Driver Update Utility and it keeps the wifi up to date from them rather than Windows Update. The problem is, Intel's all newer drivers are broken for that particular card, even the ones installed by Intel's Driver Update Utility (I've tried that too, yes). It's the same time that Intel's e1000e Linux drivers started breaking older cards so, there's something off in that department IMHO. The add insult to injury, both Windows and Linux drivers' release notes claim that the cards in question are supported by the respective, newer drivers. Thanks for the clarification. I've read nVidia's architecture back in the day but, it seems I'm pretty rusty on the GPU front. Is it possible for you to point me to the right direction so, I can read how these things work and bring myself up to speed? SMT is more like cramming two threads into a core and hoping they don't compete for the same ports/resources in the core. CMT is well... we've seen how that went. 1kiB (kibibyte) is standardized as 1024 bytes in 1998. Before that it was kilobyte which was used for 1024 bytes [0]. > Prior to the definition of the binary prefixes, the kilobyte generally represented 1024 bytes in most fields of computer science, but was sometimes used to mean exactly one thousand bytes. When describing random access memory, it typically meant 1024 bytes, but when describing disk drive storage, it meant 1000bytes. The errors associated with this ambiguity are relatively small (2.4%). [0]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kibibyte I generally edit the sensitive part out and match it to the background of the document looks much cleaner IMHO. However, I agree that it requires some quick hand in image manipulation software.