I didn't read the article, but did read a book about twenty five years ago. My take away was that the big deal with genetic algorithms is they work without much/any domain specific knowledge. That is one of the great underpinning of biological evolution. However the European monetary union isn't a union like you see in the US or other huge countries. In the US we have probably 100-200 billion a year in transfer payments. Automatic stabilizers like social security and unemployment insurance, etc. And then we have a true central banking system Bank in Florida goes under, it's not Florida's problem it's the Federal Reserves problem. If a state isn't able to use currency exchange rates to control in flow and out flow of money then you need these types of things to keep the system stable. Europe doesn't. So you are indeed right about not being able to pick and choose. You can't take control of a counties currency away from them without guaranteeing that the central bank and government will have their back economically. In c often I use underscores to deal with lack of name spaces and or classes. As in Module_FunctionName() I think my point is dereferencing a pointer address zero is 'undefined' but here is the rub, what happens is entirely out of the optimizer and compilers control because it depends on the context that the program is run under. One can't determine at compile time what will happen. In fact the compiler can't make any assumptions about a pointer whose value has been hard coded. uint8_t b = (uint8_t ) 0x30; // 0x30 is the address of PORT D on an AVR Atmega8 It's up to the author to show us this mythical compiler. I read a really good comment by I think Nolan Bushnell about engineers. He said said he got asked all the time about how to avoid hiring unproductive engineers. And he said he found that baffling. Because an unproductive engineer just costs the company their salary. More important is ferreting out and eliminating negatively productive managers, engineers, and technicians in that order. Algorithms? Why would you care if a programmer knows the details unless that's the job. More important is how they approach and attack a problem. Sometimes a half broken shell script is fine. Or leveraging a database because even though slow an inefficient it will do it right. Half the secret to success is... Um.. seriously just watch this video and you'll know it's truth. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5LiQcY0bqk Listen, and understand! That Ellisonator is out there! It can't be bargained with. It can't be reasoned with. It doesn't feel pity, or remorse, or fear. And it absolutely will not stop, ever, until you give it money. If the wind decided to blow to the south instead of the normal westerly, Tokyo would be uninhabitable. Also same subduction fault that the earthquake was on runs down the coast off shore of Tokyo. Seriously the only thing that save the Japaneses butts was the wind blew most of the radiation offshore. I call those tests the airplane test. say you need to hire an airplane designer and you know d*ck all about aircraft design. You have two candidates both that tell you they have a new design being flow this week. So you go and watch, Candidate A's aircraft trundles down the runway and then crashes and burns. Candidate B's takes to the air and then lands. Candidate A could be a smooth talker and Candidate B could sound like a stuttering loon but B is the choice. Yeah but that doesn't explain the decline in forcible rape in the US from 1970 to present. I'm remembering at least some versions of basic were pass by reference for all types. I've done some stuff in .net. One of the advantages is the learning curve is pretty fast. So it's not a huge investment. The flip side is it seems a lot of .net jobs are sausage making. Not very much in the way of cutting edge or exciting stuff gets done in .net. Though too cutting edge often is crash and burn, where run of the mill projects can last years and years. (Don't knock a steady paycheck) I would say two months straight of serious study and practice would be more than enough to solidly know your way around the language, .net libraries and tools. Buy a good book. I don't actually do client side (or server side stuff) as primary work. However .net is very useful for kicking out simple GUI based tools. If you want to do that, .net has the fastest learning curve end of story. One of the things I noticed in school and later working is a lot of people excel when the problem is spoon fed to them. When the constraints and and desired answer are very mechanical. As it gets fuzzier, a lot of people even 'smart' people start having real issues. And you see the usual cognitive blockers kick in. 'frustration, fear, anger' Meaning, the usual academic problem where you are given the inputs, and only the inputs you need, and a desired solution, doesn't actually match up that well with real world problems. The other thing I've seen is a _lot_ of formally trained engineers are motivated by puzzles. Once they've solved it, all the other things that apply to the real world, like deadlines, shipping projects, making customers happy, and making money for the company are not the least amount interesting to them. And those schools are nothing but quantity theory of money cargo cultists or worse, gold bugs. That problem with you, is your so reflexively focused on government debt that you can't get your head around the fact that most of the Southern countries in trouble DIDN'T HAVE LARGE GOVERNMENT DEFICITS. They had large and growing public debt most of it related to borrowing to buy private assets. And unsupportable wage inflation. Go look it up, the governments of Italy, Spain, etc except for Greece weren't borrowing beyond their means. What they were suffering from was out of control inflows of cash. Inflows of cash in a country with it's own currency tends to be self limiting, because as money flows in the exchange rate adjusts making investments less attractive. (A country with a well run central bank will actively adjust the exchange rate to prevent the inevitable panic and flight that happens at the end of a bubble, or you have a bubble and it sucks for a while) Part of the problem with the Euro is weaker member countries can't control the flow of capital into and out of the country. Yet they are on the hook for the mal effects that result. This is wrong. There is actually an acceptable number of hours, it's somewhere near the number of hours you can work without burning out. For me that is about 5-7 hours a day. Two things I remember, one was an old guy talking about working in a windshield factory, where they made windshields for cars. They had a line. While he was working their they sped it up by 25% and management was happy happy joy joy. The workers were getting run ragged though and after a few weeks the defect rate started creeping up. After a few months the defect rate was so high that they were producing less finished product than when the line speed was slower. Took another year for the plant manager to get fired and bring in a guy who turned the line speed back down. The other is the first place I worked their were two younger coders and they were being flogged to work 9-10 hours days, basically being given unreasonable deadlines. After a few years they burned out and the company fired them. Twenty years later both of them are still damaged. I did some of the same, hurt my wrist, which is still a little messed up. After that I decided I didn't care I was going to work as much as I though possible and that's that. You only have so many hours a day. Instead of using yourself up, concentrate really hard on not wasting your time. Me, I've never been fired for not working enough hours. Not a game programmer but, impression I get is a number of games use interpreted languages as glue. Certainly sound to me like thee is a dichotomy between must run fast at all costs, and must be flexible speed matters not at all. I think game programming is an area where a high percentage of the code base needs to run fast, even if it's not run very often. If it causes the frame rate to slip, the user is going to notice. In my case, embedded, optimizing for size is everything. And usually only a very small portion of the code needs to run fast. One problem that people are running into with optimizing compilers is with embedded often you are interested in the physical side effects of your code, not it's mathematical end state. Optimizing compilers are increasing not respecting the former in preference to the latter. That reminds me of a window forms program I wrote for a customer, I added the ability to do a right click, add comment to pretty much anything on the forms and controls. Getting that input simplified a lot of things. For one the context of what the user was complaining about was usually utterly obvious. Sometimes a comment was a bug report. Or a feature request. Or just fixing my poorly written help docs. An of course plain C does not have 'objects' and a _lot_ of architectures have stuff mapped at address 0x0 Oddly enough I'm looking at the source for a command line tool, written in C# that runs under windows, but I need it to run under linux. I have to say, the two best things that happened to language design in the last fifteen years was. 1. Sun sued Microsoft for trying to improve Java. And so Gates went out and hired the guy that designed Turbo Pascal and Delphi to head up C# development. Because of course java and it's libraries are completely unsuitable for desktop development. 2. Oracle bought Sun and suddenly every company that absolutely cannot tolerate being Larry Ellison's b.. started investing in in-house programing languages. All those big companies have spent oodles of money on making sure Larry can't drink their milkshake. NAnyway as a sometime C#/.net code slopper I welcome Microsoft tossing their hat in ring. Seriously Linux and iOS seriously needs these tools. Where I get twitchy is the practice of coding has changed a lot since Knuth made that quote. Optimizing code in that era typically made it brittle and hard to reason about. Pre-optimizing meant continuously painting yourself in a corner. I used to think about it as like a seamstress sewing a dress, she doesn't start out sewing nice neat tight stitches, that's for later. Once she knows she's not going to have to rip the seams apart again. Some optimizations don't matter anymore. Back in the hoary old days pointers in C were faster than indexed arrays. Not anymore. But people still assume it's worth it. Twenty years ago, you paid a serious price for unaligned accesses. Not any more. Yet compilers still rigorously align data in memory. Which might actually make things slower. As the follow on poster said, make the code clean and easy to reason about. People often like to think they are writing code like the big boys, where it'll get used by vast number of people. Much like a lot of hardware designers design stuff as if they are going to make millions of units. 99% of the time that's not true. Thus the NRE costs totally dominate. The deal is the people chartered with the task of providing an accurate timebase are failing to do so because they are adding and subtracting arbitrary units of time. So if you actually need a monotonic timebase, you can't get it without having a human diligently subtracting leap seconds at random times. The proper thing to do is to generate a proper monotonic timebase and then publish a separate offset with microsecond or better resolution. Thus people that need monotonic time are happy and people that want to set the wall clocks are happy. Also seriously, leap seconds suck as an offset because a second is a huge amount of time for many applications. This is good dating advice too. First comment about employers treating a coworker badly. It's a good general rule, if someone does something nasty to someone else, stick around and they'll do it to you too. My simplistic take away is it's an answer to this question about algorithms. For a problem you can have a number of different algorithms to solve the problem. And a number of algorithms to check the solution to a problem. This is a point that is skipped over and trips lay people up because in school people are usually taught _the algorithm_ for solving a problem. But there are all sorts of ways to skin the cat mathematically. Some of these algorithms are great and some are 'bad' Polynomial time algorithms are good. Ones that blow up exponentially are bad. The question is, if you find a good polynomial time checking algorithm for a problem, does that mean there are polynomial time solving algorithms for that problem? Or not. Just wanted to add, out of my butt I think the point not explicitly stated is, if you can prove P=NP then I think it means that you can also mechanically transform polynomial checking algorithms into polynomial time solving algorithms. I worked at minor start-up once. They actually had not very much money* and I needed work badly. The contract was explicit that I was being paid a percentage of my hourly rate with a hard promise to pay the rest in monthly installments the second year. The advantage of this is once the 'teaser rate' expires you aren't 'negotiating a raise' to get you back to market rates. * As opposed to no money, aka the types of companies where the real profit is in the difference between what they pay their employees and the market rate. You can try bing maps. I'm basically done with google maps for good. My impression is it's no long a map service but show me the nearest Chili's Grill & Bar on my smart phone service. I got that feeling again when I was trying to learn 6502 assembly. Amusingly at least in gcc #\\ this appears legal In the past I've wanted a tool like that, but now I've come around to the idea that I want an editor that will display the code the way I'm used to however it's formatted. Lining up the equals signs would be a good candidate for an display formatting plugin. One the other hand when I've raised that idea with programmer friends of mine you can see the hair stand up on the back of their necks. People seem to really hate the idea that the editor might show you seaMonkey(do) instead of sea_monkey(do) So meaning, oh yes please drop support for 32bit, please!!!! The Wikipedia mentions 1 milibar (1/1000 of atm). From a structural standpoint that's a complete vacuum. Makes sense if you're Musk and want to jot down to Santa Monica to see your mistress Friday evening. (Come on seriously this is what this is all about, you know it, I know it) Not so good if you want to commute to your worker bee cubical job Monday morning. That in line with my long held and unpopular thought that really our bodies are rife with mutated and somewhat broken colonies of cells. The idea that you have a slow build up of mutations which finally runaway once the tumor has gotten large is probably just one scenario and perhaps much less common than people want to believe. Very possible you have a the right mutation in a microscopic colony of abnormal cells, and it'll start metastasizing right away. Other cells, will maybe form non-invasive and often self-limiting tumors. And yeah, thyroid cancer and prostate cancers are way way over diagnosed and over treated to no positive effect. I think seriously the intrinsic thing is that the language itself doesn't marshal (right word, not sure) anything that's particularly fat. The classic is if allocating memory require dealing with a general purpose garbage collector. If that's the case you're pretty much dead as far as systems stuff goes because now you can't predict how long anything will take to run. And the minimal libraries usually need to be light weight as well. Or at least such that you can strip out what's not wanted. Here again garbage collection becomes an issue. If the language supports it natively then it's going to be impossible in practice to prevent the libraries from using it for something unexpected. The last bit is escape. There are always some cases where the language doesn't have the ability to implement a critical bit of stuff and you need a way to seamlessly mess with that something. In simple you need to be able to insert a bit of arbitrary code and have it work properly. I think one uses goto's for two sometimes three reasons. 1. Sometimes one feels the need to abuse exceptions. But C doesn't have exceptions. So one abuses the old goto instead. 2. Sometimes the code is far more readable if you use a goto to short circuit a complex block of code. Which will become insufferably more complicated if it has to say keep track of a trivial case. if(this and not trivial case) else this and not trivial. if(case a and not trivial case) else {if not trivial case) 3. You can use long jumps to do exception handling stuff. I've never had to actually do this. One comment. I remember trying to read ancient code that abused goto's mostly because the programmer was desperately trying to fit everything into 4k of prom in languages that didn't support structured code. That was the kind of stuff Dijkstra was bitching about, not uses 1, 2, and 3. And actually since C has always had modern control structures goto just is not abused much in practice. Probably the opposite. Side note. int my_var = 3; my_var = "abc"; Just usually generates a warning when compiled. If run my_var will usually get loaded with the address of "abc". If you follow it with the statement printf("my_var=%s\n", my_var); // this will throw a warning It'll print 'my_var=abc' You have a couple of options with make under windows. There are native versions of make. Where you are using dos shell commands to do stuff. MinGW provides Posix compatible native commands. (you can use ls, cat, etc commands). You can use msys which gives you a Posix compatible build env. Finally something like Cigwin provides both a Posix compatible build env and Posix compatible runtime as well. When I was shooting bows, if you did things properly, you wouldn't hit your forearm. The problem is if you blow chow and don't notch the arrow properly. Or the notch blows out. Or the arrow shatters when you let loose. Then the string will hit your arm. I got hit once with a 35lb bow. I don't want to get bit by a 60-70 lb bow string nohow no way. Depends on where you are in your career. If you're young and fresh getting entry level jobs then yeah. Older with more experience, networking is everything. One will find it increasingly difficult to find jobs via cold calling. Even if you are, and especially if you are rolling around hopping jobs inside a large corporation networking will be everything. BTW: A lot of companies try and work things to keep their employees from interacting outside of narrowly defined corporate controlled channels. Don't let them do that to you. The reason generally given is that in at least standard cars the brakes can apply far more torque than the engine can. It's telling how naive people are, they think the problem is 'unintended acceleration' A mechanical engineer thinks the problem describe is 'unintended brake failure' I think there is a tendency to think of fuel rods as a problem rather than the solution to a problem, which is raw spent fuel is nasty. The cheapest and easiest way to deal with spent fuel is to store it for decades while the worst of the radio-isotopes decay. Fuel rod technology allows you to do that, a molten salt design doesn't. I'm okay with this argument but is seems to bother people that you can't recover spent fuel now rather than waiting 25 years so they cast about for solutions to what is really a psychological annoyance . See the quest for reusable launch systems like the space shuttle. The only thing that went right with Fukushima was the wind blew the radio isotopes over the pacific (mostly) and the rest of the stuff that leaked out went into the ocean. People would be singing a different tune if the wind blew all that stuff on shore. Quite a number of nuclear plants are located in places not so fortunate. For instance consider the location of three mile island, located well inland on the Susquehanna River. If you had a containment loss at three mile island, it'd be a big big mess. People say these plants are all safe, and newer plants are safer, but the near catastrophic failures don't give one a warm feeling. The one that stands out to me was pin hole corrosion through the cladding on the top of a reactor vessel. That lead to a large cavity corroding unnoticed in the mild steel. Which which was discovered when someone noticed an odd budge in the top. if that had failed, you would have had total loss of cooling and a melt down. The classic example is Navier–Stokes equations of viscous fluid flow. True story, one of my college professors handed out a homework assignment that no one could solve. Far as I could tell the boundary conditions described journal bearing that wasn't stable. Such things exist. I think other very hard to deal with are equations where the solution diverges exponentially due to small changes in boundary conditions. Orbital mechanics is like that. Not sure but I can see a situation where the set of equations that describe the solution form a series that never converges to a regular pattern. (irrational series? as irrational numbers but with equations) I think quantum mechanics is like that (Don't quote me) My gut feeling about Aluminum foil is that because of the hard oxide coating it's difficult to get two pieces to make a continuous electrical connection along any length of it. And you can't solder to it. My suggestion is to use copper tape or thin tinned copper sheet instead. My other suggestion if hand prototyping is to use vector board with top and bottom ground planes. Note a lot of vector board designs are total crap. Either no ground plane or has 'power buses' The buses are horrible for grounding. The reason is you want the return current in any signal to travel in a ground plane under the wire. with a 'bus' the return current runs off down the bus creating a large loop. Loops are bad, any magnetic or electrical field that the crosses the loop will induce noise. What struck me is it looks seriously like Hungarian notation applied to function naming. It's not just CS, but probably more common with CS. There are two kinds of engineers. 1. Those that love love love solving Puzzles. 2. Those that question whether solving this or that puzzle is going to bring in any money for the company. For a places like google or deranged YC startups, whether what you are assigned has any bearing on cash flow is something way above the typical engineers paygrade. There are a lot of companies where that isn't true. BTW: Bit of advice for anyone going into a technical fields. Learn to write, English . Learn it well. How to clearly explain idea's and requirements. How things work, how they are broken. Justify what you did, or cover your butt. Where you are in twenty years will depend mostly on this. Learn to speak fluently in front of a group of people. Or whatever the locally appropriate language is. Pedro comacho The former informer of the secret police Is still standing outside the club Pretending to be blind He watches the last plane to miami Disappearing in a flaming purple sky Now he knows He has been left behind For those that missed the last plane to Miami (meaning all of you), the author was bitching that the rule in programming 'functions should be short, one page, etc' is as wrong as the rule that in writing sentences should be short. Congratulations for reading the article and exacting content. I think the meta observation is there are rules imposed on students to prevent them from developing bad habits. But these aren't hard rules in practice. Same applies to code slopping. Bruce wrote the article, Wire put the bunk UK propaganda click bait headline on it. Wired is dirty. I always had this feeling that with one based indexing, 70s era compilers ended up subtracting one from the index. For each and every element access made. Because memory decoding circuits don't start at one, they 'start' with 0000...000. Course it would be possible to just waste the first element, but 70's era memory... Waste a 16 bit word here, and there and suddenly you're talking real money. I watches a few videos by Robert Lustig at UCSF. My take away is healthwise a can of Coke == one shot of booze. Partly because the fructose in HFCS and or table sugar shares the same metabolic pathway in the liver as ethanol. People that eat a lot of sugar tend to develop non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. 24 grams HFCS is 14 grams fructose. A shot of 40 proof booze is 14 of grams ethanol. Also the slug of glucose in a can of Coke spikes your blood sugar, which spikes your insulin levels. This is also not good. Take away from that eat complex carbs. Difficulty a lot of 'health food' contains processed carbs. My gut unsupported feeling is, people living sedentary lifestyles, which is most people, don't require much in the way of carbohydrates. The step function is about techniques for analyzing discontinuous functions. You can create discontinuous functions by multiplying a normal continuous function by the unit step function. Which was at the time a new thing. It took the mathematical community a long time to get comfortable the techniques. Indeed if you take college math they call it the 'unit step function' in order to avoid referring to it as the Heaviside equation, which is what it's called if you take engineering math. Constants, reciprocals, parabolas have been known since the time of the ancient Greeks or earlier. Classically they are called Conic Sections. There are other types functions that are named after people. Taylor Series and Bessel Functions come to mind (after Brook Taylor and Friedrich Bessel). There are more of course. Problem with rewrites is there is the terrible gap that opens up between the old stuff which goes stale quickly, and the new stuff which isn't ready for prime time. Cash-flow then dries up right as the amount of work needed is maximal. Death follows quickly. Here they did not rewrite from scratch they developed a bridge that allowed them to keep moving forward as the world that the old software was based on disappeared. And now they are on the other side with a code-base that works and has been providing cash-flow the whole time. I disagree R&D is usually a faction of the cost needed to go into production. The large the number of units, the greater that ratio is. For mass produced products it can be 10:1. Consider if you're going to ship 10,000 of something that costs $25 to produce. You need a $250,000 just for inventory. You need a way to assemble, test, and ship the product. Deal with 10,000 customers. Designing the production flow, jigs and fixtures, quality control, training up people, all requires money and engineering time. The business and sales side of things requires time and money. I've seen numbers of products stall out because the developers fail to get enough funding to go into production. Also in a lot of cases markets move slowly. You can introduce a product and the buyers will just nibble for the first year or two if you're not an established name. Your company has to be able to keep the lights on during that time. Well it's nice to see the cancer that is eclipse being 86's from one platform at least. Not really because there are two kinds of c programer out there. 1. Those that communicate with the outside world exclusively via library calls to an operating system. 2. Those that do not. People that live in world #1, usually don't get people living in world #2. Example. // wait for write ready while((spi.S & SPI_S_SPTEF_MASK) == 0) ; spi.D; spi.D = data; Guess what, No spi.D; is actually important. No just because the program never writes to spi.S does not mean you can delete the while loop. No you cannot reorder any of this and have it work. Sort of the point is, in pure languages only the symbolic operations are important. And the side effects (memory operations) are unimportant and beyond the control of the programmer. So you can do all sorts of transformation on the code without effecting the end result. C is definitely impure. There is a large set usage cases where the memory layouts are important. Where the orders of operation and memory accesses are important. What I worry about is when the optimizer is allowed to make assumptions about undefined behavior, that may be actually important on certain targets. Consider referencing a null pointer. Winows7, Linux, in user land if you do that and you'll get a seg fault. And if the default handler runs your program dies. The ARM cortex processor I've been slopping code for, reading a null pointer returns the initial stack pointer. Writing generates a bus fault. Since I actually trap that, and error message gets written into non-initialize memory and then the processor gets forcibly reset. On an AVR reading a null pointer gives you the programs entry point. Writing to that location typically does nothing. Though you can write to it if running out of a special 'boot sector' and you've done some magic incantations. So that's the problem I have with the idea that 'undefined means the optimizer can make hash of your program' instead of trusting the back end of the compiler will do something target appropriate. I think these sensors implement n color vision, working a lot like the ear does. Instead of just detecting three colors you detect hundreds of colors. With each dot tuned to a fairly narrow band of light you get good selectivity. What I wish, I wish there was a flag in unicode to declare characters as 'unsafe user input' so that system utilizes and databases can recognize unsafe user input and barf on it. I find myself often having the issue where the code digging through what can and often is, garbage. At some point you find it's pointless to continue. You are done. Fin. Goto error; in that case makes absolutely perfect sense. Two things about goto and jmp instructions. Most people have no idea how badly they were abused back in old days. For instance to jump into the middle of a subroutine. Yay just saved 9!!! words of core memory!!! And most people forget that old computer scientists were obsessed with creating grammars that you could write formal proofs for. You can if your encoding is explicit about what's in band and out of band. I get the feeling you've never written a protocol ever. >The EU was never to be a transfer union, this setup was required to get the large economic countries to accept the weaker countries being admitted. Not compensating economically weaker countries in a currency union is completely unjust and immoral. Weaker countries give up the ability to control exchange rates. And they have to deal with trading in stronger currency than they would if they were going it alone. This makes their exports relatively unattractive. > The IMF is pulling back because they were overly generous giving the Greek government far more support that rules generally permitted. I think the IMF is pulling back because they can't stomach this crap anymore. > Greece has the highest military spending vs GDP of any NATO nation second to the US. Right so French and German defense contractors bribed previous Greek politicians to buy weapons systems on credit. And the ECB etc are dead set that that part of the Greek budget continue as usual. Right. I now understand that your point here is to be insulting. I think hysteria would be warranted if the Chinese government were to take a Schumpeter/Hayek/Mellon liquidationist response to the collapse of the market bubble (see the US/Europe circa 1929). Why yes then you would have contagion spreading out into the real economy and a long depression. I'm thinking not. Instead I the Chinese central bank will inject liquidity again, much to the horror of the WSJ Editorial board who will again sternly warn that such actions, mark their words! come to an bad end! snort That's all nice and stuff, but in 2010 Gov. Chris Christie killed an approved project to build those tunnels. Now they are now 'back of the line' so to speak. Funding for a do over won't be available until ~2030. I've been using a debugger based on the USBDM project. http://usbdm.sourceforge.net/ Same performance as PEMicro's $300 Multilink + $200 GDB Server. And no restriction on using them for production. Been thinking of open sourcing the board I designed. The only real issue is, needing $1500 to pass FCC licensing since it's designed to fit in a case. On 8 bit machines it's the reverse, an int being 16 bits minimum requires more operations to handle than an 8 bit number. Pass an 'int' push two things on the stack. Etc. Causes your code size to balloon noticeably. One the way to reading about something else, I read an essay by a language developer complaining about type erasure. In functional languages. In short, when you get to the point in implementing a language where you can do type erasure, you're golden because it usually means you have things nailed down. Unfortunately then people actually implement type erasure and now there is no way to link data structures in memory with a piece of code at run time. Or at least very easily. As an example C/C++ does erase type information. There often being nothing that tells you what an object in memory is. But compilers take great pains to preserve that information in the generated output formats. Which allow you to write debuggers. I'm sure languages like Java and .net do the same. I did a little mucking on some AVR code of mine. Sometimes going from an uint8_t to a uint16_t saves a couple of bytes Sometimes adds a dozen. One case changing an index in a for loop to an int, code went from 34024 bytes to 34018 (saved four bytes). But changing uint8_t i, j, k; to uint16_t i, j, k; code compiled to 34068 bytes, gain of 44 bytes. Transistors don't fail for the same reason the 70 year old wires in my house don't fail. The electrons flowing through the transistors doesn't disturb the molecular structure of the doped silicon. What's wrong about it? Transistors don't work by electromigration. He said transistors, not IC's. And electromigration is a problem with metal interconnects at high current densities. So you talking solemnly about a failure type that can occur with on some integrated circuits under some conditions, or when the designers screwed up. But which doesn't actually happen much in practice. The persons actually question is roughly why do transistors last so long compared to other types of mechanisms. No one in the comments made an attempt to answer that, at all. I'm totally with this, the idea that no market for 'excess' electric will appear doesn't pass the sniff test. A paper I read discussed a pilot plant in the 50's that produced iron from sulfide ores. Certainly sounds like a process that can consume excess power without much trouble provided that situation happens frequently enough. http://www.ulcos.org/en/docs/Ref03%20-%20Electrowinning%20-%... 'High purity iron was produced, with a current yield of 85% and a power consumption of 4.25 kWh/kg iron' Far as I can tell, 1 GW for an hour would produce ~250 tons of iron. I'm not sure how... pass it around is 'better' than global scope. Meaning not sure what problems you're avoiding here. If the scope is a single thread, no problem . If it's accessed from multiple threads, you have problems whether it's a global, singleton, or passed by reference. Not actually completely true, you can still have races in single threaded code. Consider two state variables that are effected by a shared variable. Not hard to have the two state variables in disagreement over the shape of the world. Actually I do live in SF. If you put a million dollar note on a house you are the mother of all house poor. One point I make is the Tesla is luxo-sport car. Costs a lot new like any other sporty car. So the cost of a new Tesla vs a used gasoline power car isn't really a fair comparison. Looking on Craigslist, you can get a used Nissan Leaf $10k, cost per mile is $0.035. One can run numbers but the cost of ownership is probably $300/mo. Problematical in places like SF is the lack of parking and thus lack of charging. Though large numbers of people do have or rent garages. In Suburbs a problem can be many people have long commutes that exceed the range of an electric car. Interestingly a friend just threw down for one of those million dollar homes in SF and is considering an electric car to avoid having to ride the google bus. I'll be interested in how it works our for him. I do have another friend that lives in Oakland, he has a leaf seems to like it. Then again with C99 you do have stdint.h which gives you defined width types as well as minimum width types. And others. Unless I misremember, thrust is proportional to exhaust velocity. Energy is proportional to the square of the velocity. The big advantage of air breathing engines is the ability to use air as the reaction mass. IE, take a huge amount of air, and accelerate it a small amount to produce thrust. Which is why propeller driven aircraft are still 'a thing' and you see turbofan engines with ever higher bypass ratio's. (modern designs are 10:1, 10kg of air flow through the fan fro every 1kg of air through the engine) I just have a small comment about the difference between professionals that went into the profession via the front door, college, certs, etc. And those the went into though the back door, learned on their own because someone somehow decided to pay them. Generally the latter are people that get some satisfaction out of the trade. But there a lot of professionals that went to school to become X and found they hated it once they got out. Yet they owe all this money, and they can't see any other way to earn the money they are used to. These people are usually very unhappy people. The others that are generally happy with what they do, and aren't the type of people that like playing power and status games with what they see as the lesser races of programmer. To the point, if you find a career you like, that's like hitting a home run in life. Letting unhappy people convince you to give that up is really terrible. What I find is no one wants to talk about how pernicious hand guns are. Conservatives think limits on the type of weapon one owns is a impingement on their freedoms. And the Supreme court agrees. So I guess that's out. But somehow limits on the play-doh manly play time 'assault rifles' isn't. The whole issue in the united states is hopeless until the current supreme court and older voters die off. I've heard other somewhat contrary things, one is the birthrate started falling well before the '29 crash indicating that working class and especially farming communities were actually not doing well economically. You can look up graphs if you want, but the birthrate drops relentlessly from 3.2 in 1920, to 2.2 by 1930. As the economy improves post 1935 the rate picks up again. My take on recessions and debt is to consider that when an entity (family, business, etc) pays off debt they are foregoing some consumption. Key thing. Now in normal times foregoing of consumption frees up economic output that is invested in the real economy. As I pay off my mortgage, the bank reinvests that money in building more houses. A virtuous cycle, depending how much you like concrete, sprawl and freeways. In a debt driven recession there is a problem, the economy isn't limited by available production. There is a lack of demand. Because as people frantically pay of debt they are foregoing consumption that doesn't free up more physical or labor resources for investment. It just creates a lack of demand. The money instead goes to correct balance sheets which is something that exists on paper (or in modern times le computer machine). That's the situation many parts of the developed world are in today. The solution is for the government to step in an manually rebalance consumer and commercial balance sheets. A political problem exists when the people in charge can't let go of the 'paper wealth'. And that's the current issue. I think you're not really reading for content. Which is common with this issue. Any argument that isn't part of the standard propaganda is usually misread or ignored. The point about assault rifles is that it's deranged that the Supreme court sees fit to allow states to ban what are essentially light weight rifles with various doodads and decorations. Weird considering riffles of all types aren't much of a public hazard. Then turns around and rules that states can't ban handguns. Despite which because they can be easily concealed and are often used for street crime are a public hazard. (Absolutely no question). The traditional way a state defaults is when their debts are in a currency they have to exchange with their own currency on the open market. Vs their own which they can create via central bank actions. In the former a self-sustaining collapse in exchange rates makes it impossible for the state to buy enough foreign currency to make their debt payments. In the former case, default happens, see Argentina in 2001 or so. In the latter this doesn't happen, see Japan 1989-present. In the US, all of Federal and state governments debt is denominated in dollars. Varying exchange rates don't effect the ability of the government to pay debt. And the government can borrow money from the Fed, because it can. Couple of things 1. In the US, states aren't responsible for bailing out banks the Federal Reserve is. You don't see things like Ireland having to bail out a bunch of insolvent international banks. 2. In the US you see about 100-200 billion a year in transfer payments. I've come to believe that these are essentially compensation paid to states with weaker economies to compensate them for having to do business in dollars. 3. Social Security and unemployment insurance are Federal not, not state programs. And exception is state pensions, where there are indeed problems. 4. Most states are limited in the ways they can borrow money and don't run deficits that are large percentages of GDP. 5. Politically there is a difference. With Greece when I talk to Europeans there is this a reflexive desire to impose collective punishment on the Greeks. You just don't see that in the US. I think that frees US policy makers to take practical measures that aren't available to the Europeans. Consider Puerto Rica, about 40% of the population of Greece, half the total debt. Just said, they're broke. As an American... oh well sucks to be a creditor. But the Federal Reserve isn't going to cut off banking in Puerto Rico and force them to do a fire sale of civil assets like the EBC. SS in the us is funded via a Federal tax on wages. Rules are uniform over the entire country. Also Social Security Disability Insurance covers disabled people, and it too is a Federal not state program. Unemployment insurance is a Federally mandated program that's administrated by the states. In 2009 California's unemployment fund was depleted and the Feds just loaned California money. Currently our fund is in the red by 8 billion. Does anyone care? No. I like that they were playing Patsy Cline on the tape deck. That's an interesting idea, replace the burners in a scam jet with a electo-magnetic plasma doohickey. Basically an electric ram-jet. Edit: My dad mentioned in school doing some scut work for a group designing an external combustion engine. Use the shock waves off the body to compress air, add fuel, zoom. Not sure if you could make that work with with an external heat source. Side note: My understanding why people want to use hydrogen is it's a light particle, making it easy to accelerate it to high speeds. The higher exhaust velocity the better the ratio of payload to fuel becomes. I've rolled this around a bit and have come down on the side that there are two factors at work. 1. Just plain Microsoft Hate. Couple of times someones asked me about what language to use for some GUI that messes with a database and does some other thing, running on Windows and 'maybe Linux' I tell them that C#/.net was made for that kind of thing. And they recoil in horror as if they just realized that I'm Satan. Then they go off and mess around with QT/C++ for a week before giving up. 2. C# has good inter-op with C/C++ libraries. So if there is an open source widget in C/C++ you need you can usually just build it as a dll with some wrapper magic and reference those in your project. I'm coming down on the side that oil's long term value is almost wholly based on potential substitution costs and it's current role in the economy. Meaning the value of money and oil are strongly linked. If the price of oil spikes for too long you get a recession and demand falls and the price of oil falls with it. And you can get price spikes/crashes because in the short term demand is inelastic. But long term, it isn't going up forever. But price spike/crash is something to pay attention too, in any field. Absent graft no one make bank on anything for too long. Not to mention margin decreases linearly not as a percentage. So those 1000 $0.10 margin customers can easily turn into -$0.50 margin customers. I always answer 'have you considered how expensive the batteries will be to replace' with have you ever had to pay to have an automatic transmission replaced? Not cheap! A blown head gasket is also not cheap either. The 900MHz band is great if you can use it, since for the same power 900MHz goes substantially farther than 2.4 or worse 5GHz. The old inverse square law is 'in a vacuum' Once you your signal is going through air, drywall, masonry, or my favorite steel re-enforced concrete, you're looking at exponents of 2.5 (just air) to 3.5 or worse. This only get more sad the high frequency you go. I have a standard answer to planned obsolescence. It has a salt water economics spin on it, though those guys would hate this argument. If you have a product with an active resale market. Any product with a noted higher quality will sell for a premium. At first you think that this is a boon to the seller. But the manufacturer can turn around and demand a premium. So what happens is, the manufacture gets to pull forward the secondary sale. If a use car sells for a $2000 premium on the used market, the manufacturer can probably charge $2000 more. And he gets to book that today, not five years from now when the first buy sells it. There is a dismal reverse of this, if your product goes bad like yesterdays fish, the customer is going to demand and get a discount. This interacts with the cost value curve for given products, meaning after a while you're just throwing money away trying to make the product 'better'. Similarly, not spending enough money results in an way crappier product than the cost of materials and labor would suggest. The upshot is car brands like Toyota are on the premium side of the curve and it's not too hard for them to stay there. Chrysler is on the other side of the curve and is economically trapped. I found the lectures by Robert Lustig to be very convincing. I spent a couple of hours listening and trying as best I could be verify the biological pathways referenced, it all checked out. I just remember taking thermodynamics for the first time. It was very hard to wrap me small brain around it. I also remember reading Feynman's short intro to quantum mechanics to dummies, and again it was hard to wrap my brain around it. Brass tax some subjects the human brain doesn't grasp very easily based on common education, experience and perception. Understanding some subjects requires a lot of odd rewiring of the old monkey brain. So yeah, Feynman's explanation seems legit, there is no lay explanation for magnets. He'd have to teach you quantum mechanics, at least enough to explain what's happening when you hold two magnets together. And it's not like he's unwilling, since teaching that it part of the way he made a living, it's just he can't do that in less than six months. And then, you wouldn't be a lay person. I've had a few compiler bugs where, adding an if false or changing the order of an if test 'fixes' things. And the complement changing the code exposes a compiler bug. And also, new improved compiler results in code that's broken. Other issues I run into a fair amount is dealing with hardware/naked interrupts often involves a lot of subtle timing and read/write access issues. Sometimes this happens in code you don't own. One problem with a lot of processed foods is the removal of soluble fiber which if present slows down the digestion of carbohydrates (glucose). Another problem is many processed foods contain added free glucose and fructose. The result of eating these foods are very high glucose levels in the blood + insulin levels which interferes with metabolic signaling. Insulin tells your body to store glucose as fat. Insulin inhibits leptin receptor signalling which means your brain loses the ability to sense how much fat your body is carrying around. Fructose in large amounts is hepatotoxic, just like alcohol. In fact for the same metabolic reason as alcohol. Size of a void* is two bytes? really? Once you think you need to move from some flavor of C to standard C++ you should probably switch to a safe proper garbage collected language. I think with C# the addition is mostly or always promoted to an int. So the following gives an error. byte foo = 4; byte boo = 86; byte arglebargle = foo + boo; // cast monkey! cast! I remember old assembly language guys annoyed at the types of math available with high level languages. I think they were a bit crusty but still they had a point about inability to manage precision without big hammers. At least the C# way forces you to think about whether you're loosing precision. But I dislike having to add casts. I use casts a lot, but I distrust the because they hide errors. I find myself really wanting safe operators and unsafe ones. Safe as in, overflow results in a hard fault that I can catch. Unsafe means overflow is silent. I read this as badly designed and woefully underpowered study generates worthless results. I was just using C# as an example of an alternative way of handling calculations. The comment about assembly comes from remembering a conversation with an older firmware guy. In his world multiplying two 32 numbers resulted in a 64 bit result. And division was 64 bits divided by 32 bits with a 64 bit result, 32 bit result plus a 32 bit remainder. I think his thoughts on C's 32 bit number X 32 number => 32 bit result can be summed up in a single word: gah! You can register disagreement without reflexively down voting like this is stack overflow. I keep coming back to the idea that one should assume the computer is untrusted. Which leads to two unpopular suggestions, keyboards that encrypt typed characters to prevent spoofing by entities without physical access. Displays with a separate side channel overlay system to bypass the core CPU for certain security operations like entering pins. You guys are really really predictable. The keyboard has a CPU that can do encryption and signing, in addition to decoding for key presses. Ditto for touch screens. The reason for putting the encryption in system B AKA the keypad and display controllers is, if you want end to end encryption, the keypad decoder and the display controller are the closest to the end points you can get. And they are single purpose devices that don't run arbitrary code nor accept arbitrary input. Compare that with laptop CPU's and complex operating systems with their huge attack surfaces. Running software written by completely untrustworthy corporations and individuals. I apologies, downvoted comments are usually interesting so I never ignore them, but my because my eyesight is slowly failing I find the greyed out comments very hard to read. I had that gut reaction as well when listen to a marketing guy talk about devices with 5-10 mile range at 900MHz. The 900MHz band is 30 MHz. Not much when you consider population densities of 5-20,000 people per square mile. Side: I'm not really a WiFi guy but I think WiFi is based on listen before talk would means things like latency are going to be not so good when you have a lot of nodes. Not surprising because WiFi is basically 'wireless Ethernet' and has it roots in file transfer applications. I think LTE Unlicensed, developed by telephony guys will probably be better at serving low/deterministic quality of service applications in high traffic areas. Also rather than disinterest it's a matter that of some companies are interested in the technology and others see it as a threat. However what I read is they are talking about LTE-U on the 5.8GHz band. At one time I worked for a marketing guy who was not a coder nor an engineer really. What he was really good at was closing the loop by talking to people and asking questions. Because any project you have a bunch of different groups and white marketing is about getting them to reason collectedly to solve problems. So the 'from scratch guy' is a technical person that cares about closing the loop instead of working on technical puzzles inside his comfort zone. Me I have two things. I hate working on anything and then have it not ship (What I could have spent the last three months in Costa Rica working on my tan? Seriously?) And I like when I see people using the stuff I worked on. Nothing better than to see that customers are ordering your product and the company is shipping it and making money without having you to be involved. For me a big difference between North Korea and Iran is the balance of soft vs hard power in those countries. In Iran the ordinary people tend to push back in a lot of ways and the government gives ground if grudgingly and slowly. And there is a lot of politics going on between factions with real power. Given that I'm willing to be very patient. Seriously, the generals of the Red Army ran the soviet union for 35 years after Stalin died and then they passed on. So too will the Iranian revolutionaries. I sort of chalk it up to the sort of stuff you get with hucksters that sell stuff to municipalities. The business is a little different than when some random person buys a phone, because while they are technically inept, there is a layer of brokers/buyers between the manufacturers and the stores. Those guys are smart and know their markets well. If you ever sold something into that market you need to produce a few thousand units, for those guys to beat on. And they have to be perfect, or they won't place orders. This doesn't exist for something like a voting machine. So think 'stuff thrown together as quickly and cheaply as possible' in order to land the contract. Quality will vary a lot. There is no such thing as proprietary space vis the RF spectrum. There is some of that, some of the trends in language development and also some stuff about hardware+ makes my eye twitch a bit. Of late it's made to consider that language designers seem to be really focused on batch calculation speeds. Where real time code is 50% about producing side effects with the correct timing and sequence. + Friend of mine that works on high end video processors mentioned getting into a pissing match with the hardware guys because the particular processor they were designing had back ground machinery that would run and 'stop the world' for a ~ms. He say 'you can't do that' and they respond with 'the benchmarks run fine, go away' That's true, there is low possibility that any particular line of research will pan out. Usually what happens is various groups each figure out bits of the puzzle and then everyone cross licenses the resulting solution. I remember 10-15 years ago same rough groups were working very hard on cathodes for lithium batteries based on iron vs cobalt. Because cobalt is spensive and cobalt based cathodes suffer from thermal runaway. They tried all sorts of ways to make iron based cathodes that were conductive enough. Today lithium iron phosphate batteries are standard off the shelf consumer items. Batteries are hard because material science is hard. I think that only applied ever to hourly, and even that I think was changed during the Reagan Admin. I think creditors with unpaid wages aren't even senior anymore. My take is that's because brains don't do those sorts of things natively. Meaning, no there isn't some level of abstraction in animal or human brains that does lambda calculus. Which paradoxically makes us think that being able to do lambda calculus as mark of intelligence when nothing is further from the truth, it's just our brains are bad at it. Advice to whipper snappers, stop wearing 'vendorwear' after 30. For an initial production run there are a lot of fixed setup costs. Just from my gut feel 5000 units is just barely off the NRE (non recurring engineering cost) 'knee'. (And the manufacturing learning cost knee) Less than 5000 units the NRE costs start to dominate your out the door manufacturing price. So at 2000 units that might be 50% to 80% higher per unit than at 5000 units. Also people often forget about your suppliers management, accounting, and sales overhead. That means that they will have minimum orders below which they don't make enough money justify the overhead of shepherding your product through their shop. For Chinese suppliers 5000 units appears to be typical because lower volumes are typically on-shored. On shoring is going to increase your costs by probably 30%. You might ask the other question, why not 10,000 or 20,000 units? Answer is that starts to be a huge chunk of money for something that isn't proven. So ans: 5000 because less the NRE kills you. And you'll have to on shore production. And no more than that because otherwise your initial production costs becomes the dominant part of the investment risk. You argument is a common one. (So I upvoted you) The response I have against it is it suffers from the fallacy of gray. War is horrible and it sucks. Sucks for the old lady cooked to death in a air raid shelter in Dresden, sucks for the GI machine gunned down on the beach at Normandy. Sucks for the Merchantman drowning in the Atlantic. Sucks for the little girl accidentally run over by a jeep North of France. What ties these together is, none of these people are under the protection of the hostile forces. (And the little girl is an accident) The difference between what the US army did, or the Soviet Army soldiers did. Was the German Army and police killed people who were supposed to be under their protection. And they did so via policy. That's the difference and that's the body law Nuremberg trials created, that creating such policies was illegal and punishable. Personally as to the article, that a very fine reasoning about legislative law. But the Nuremberg trials are really about common law. Common law is older, fuzzier, and currently out of fashion, but here we are. The fundamental thing about common law it's it's based not on legislation but in previous rulings. The act comes first, then judgment is passed based on previous rulings and cultural mores. Fundamentally I think the based on the then current rules of war, the people who were tried under Nuremberg, their lives were already forfeit. The victors had the right to dispose of them anyway they saw fit. Frankly in my view is that the idea that what those people did somehow fell under ordinary criminality is facetious. I was out of the mainstream by 1991, but I seem to remember a bunch of completely failed projects and companies as people tried to switch to windows development using C++. As in we put our best programmers on it, hired extra help, they failed and the company went down. Projects using Visual Basic fared a lot better. Oh you get get it. Closing that loop between what the customer thinks they want, what they actually need, what the engineers can provide and at what cost, so so so important. I'd agree with the article, having the UX guys (or any keep team) dispirited is a bad sign. For companies with some sort of monopoly this stuff can continue indefinitely. Companies that don't have some sort of market power usually are a few years or quarters from death when you see this stuff. Winging off a comment above, I find recursion generally intuitive, occasionally useful, and really really boring. Offhand years ago I used a dialect of C that had no recursion so I can see both sides of this argument. On the one hand, there is a pain point when you don't have access to recursion. On the other, boy can a compiler that eschews recursion produce small and fast code. (Because without recursion the call graph is acyclic) That would be hard to turn off. My experience is with a old 8051 compiler. Notable feature was it never pushed anything on the stack other than return addresses. Used the call tree to fold parameters and local variables into a small amount of common memory. I think modern compilers deal with this situation by in-lining. But that can cause the code size to swell vs calling a subroutine that accesses globals. Just saying, you add a feature to a language, you will pay something for it. I mess with radio's at work. The there are two issues. Often for testing one wants to check the radio operation outside the normal band or modes of operation. In my case, sweeping the radio across a really wide and band noting where the pll fails to lock. I'm going to really twitchy if I can test the pll at frequencies outside the band. Doing things like, turn off spreading and checking carrier and tx power. I'm sure more complicated radio's than I use have similar. The second is what is legal varies depending on where the product is sold and used. So so a mode that's legal in one country is verboten in another. In general though, I'd rather hate for the FCC to try and force manufacturers to lock people out. Because likely it won't work well and there is a definite cost to implementing secure boot. But then again the FCC is historically extremely hostile to the idea of ordinary people mucking with wireless. So this doesn't surprise me at all. After years of hearing people talk about hydrogen powered cars I almost want to believe they are ruse to get people distracted from working solutions. IE, hydrogen power cars sound like a good idea, the exhaust is just water! And for entities deeply invested in the current infrastructure the idea is great because it'll never happen. My experience is a lot of people/groups get obsessed with one metric in this case average speed. A pauseless GC is always going to be a bit slower than one that pauses once in a blue moon (meaning all the time from the users standpoint). Requires a really strong will to go against that sort of grain. Just remembered though: Friend who is a Azul developer said that 0x86 processors did not have the correct instructions to support pausesless GC up until very recently. So probably a chicken and the egg problem. Probably because someone read the headline or url and did a Mr Horse (No Sir. I don't like it.) Over my pay grade, which is why I'm slopping away at ARM Cortex firmware instead of at Azul. I'd ask my friend but he's on vacation. I do know Azul originally ran their JVM on custom processors. (Target market high speed trading systems, etc) I can't see why they would have done that unless older 0x86 etc processors just couldn't do what they needed. A little internet searching, leads to this and some other stuff. https://www.artima.com/lejava/articles/azul_pauseless_gc.htm... I think the deal is, if the GC moves something, it can leave a bunch of dangling pointers. Those need to be fixed up to point to the new place before they get dereferenced. Except Azul uses a read barrier to trap when a dangling pointer is dereferenced, so the fix up can be lazy. I usually write stuff like this if((rtn = func(/*whatever*/)) gcc won't catch that kind of bug, but clang will definitely. So yeah, use static analysis tools. My beef is when I read economists claims about perfect markets I think, 'Wow! With markets I should be able to solve the traveling salesman problem in polynomial time' > A religious avoidance of goto? That's my experience. In school the no goto rule is exactly like your second grade teacher telling you never to start a sentence with the word 'and' It's to prevent this; And we went to the park. And I played on the swing And then we went and got ice cream. And we went home and had dinner. The no goto rule is for novices to teach them not to write spaghetti code. When you ignore externalities.... Japan and Britain haven't really been able to feed themselves for a 100 years. The Soviet Union before 1965 had high growth rates. My thoughts are that when a countries central powers make good bets on human capital, infrastructure, and technology, then market economies can feed off of those and produce high rates of growth. Brezhnev and his compatriots in the soviet union never let a vibrant consumer economy develop. And growth stagnated. Faced with the same problem in the early 80's the Chinese Communists implemented market reforms. That combined with previous investments in human capital, plus sometimes heavy handed restrictions on population growth appears to have been successful. (Also the Chinese were able to cut a deal with the US and Europe to allow mostly unfettered access to developed world markets, which the Soviets didn't have) https://web.archive.org/web/20141205223016/http://c.learncod... Looks as valid to me today as when I first read K&R C 25 years ago. In short K&R is terrible. If you hew to it, first you'll end up with code that is unsafe and sketchy. Second you won't learn about modern features in c, which make writing safe non-sketchy code a lot easier. I seem to remember that the manufactures oopsed and built too much capacity. No real idea why though. Other neurons firing give rise to the fleeting thought that Japanese and US chip companies got blindsided by the Korean? entry into the market. I do know that circa 1995 suddenly there was a plethora of CMOS analog chips on the market taking advantage of otherwise idle CMOS lines. Later analog IC companies made good use of obsolete DRAM/CPU production lines. I wouldn't use any of the above as TRVTH though. I read some scribbling by some nerd working on distributed systems. The problem he mentioned is when you take a task and parallelize it, and then hand off the pieces to a bunch of workers, you aren't done until the last worker finishes. In that case long tail latencies can bite you rather hard. If 99 out of a hundred workers finish their bit in 50-100us and one of them stalls out for 10ms, you gained nothing over a single worker. The one that clinched it for me was an article pointing out that the large airports in California are at capacity and expansion is either expensive, or impossible. You either need to spend couple of billion each to expand those air ports, or throw the money at high speed rail. Also the big expense is not the high speed rail part of the system, is the commuter rail part through the bay area and LA. That;s the expensive bit. Not the straight high speed sections through the central valley. Well it's not just one sentence. One of the problems with deflation is debt payments. And the value of labor, assets and prices. Lets say a store has $50,000 worth of inventory bought on revolving credit. In normal times, $50k worth of inventory might sell for $100k. The $50 worth of gross margin goes to pay, labor costs, rent, and the owners take. Lets say due to deflation that 50k is now only going to sell for $90k, the business is short $10k. What's the owner going to do? Go out out business that's what. So the problem with deflation is it tends to rape the books of perfectly well run businesses. And then you get cascading failure. The mill has a cash flow problem, goes bankrupt, and then half the business in town close. A most subtle problem is a lot of businesses really run on credit backed by pledged collateral. The chain of collateral forms what called a credit chain. When you have deflation and a demand slump the assessed value of the collateral becomes suspect. Credit chains shorten and collapse. And businesses can't get liquidity. And then fail. It goes on and on. A small change I would make would be to allow appellate courts to ban prosecutors and police officers. A ban meaning they can't bring cases before the court or testify. Bans could be temporary or permanent. I think there is too much focus on the mechanics and not enough on the big picture behind what you're trying to do. Mostly it's a lot of. Step one recognize the problem. Step two apply the solutionator+ and turn zee crank. Step three receive kibble. +Solutionator: Bunch of mechanical steps that the student understands in the exact same way a trained monkey understands an organ grinder. I think 'never implement your own crypto' really means, 'this is an area where there is no substitute for knowing what the hell you are doing. Sometimes knowing what you are doing is not hard (changing a tire), sometimes it is (cryto and networking) The comment about mirror approach to interviewing reminds me of the first place I worked. At one point we needed to hire someone to do something outside the usual skill set. The CTO interviewed a bunch of people and hired the one that knew slightly less than he did. What O got was the ones that knew what they were doing, disagreed with the CTO on some issues, and so were out of the running. I'll give you an argument, PASCAL was ... ... ... ... ... slow Academics were big kahunas with unrestricted accounts on mainframes, everyone else got tiny tiny slices of time. How tiny? A trash 80 gave you more processing power than an student account on the VAX. Academics thought PASCAL was the bees knees. Everyone else could see it was unusable for practical work. I tend to think the 'push' for small reactors, fifth generation reactors, and alternative designs is same as the 'push' for 'clean coal'. A political ploy to keep the government subsidies coming and forestall the eventual taxing of the industries externalities. And to hopefully prevent alternatives like solar from getting funding. Seriously, solar is already at cost parity and the economics are getting better with time. Plus externalities are minimal. Compared to nuclear power which gets less economic over time and has very open ended externalities. Back in the bad old days... when men went to the office and women stayed home, you could expect that a working mans family issues stayed at home. Now with more two worker families and single parent families, it's just not the case. What is important for morale is that your single workers not feel like they are the ones covering for Mr and Mrs Familyman without some quid pro quo. HP/Compaq had the trained staff to do what apple and google have done. But management has been busy busy cutting their way to profitability. Cutting staff to make next years numbers look good is opiate of the MBA. Well you were honest that the really bad things that happen with software development are human factor, not technical. Every failed project I've worked on didn't fail due to technical problems, but either bad management, bad marketing, insufficient resources, or functionally incompetent engineers. (Pick two or more) And you interviewed with a team that like 90% of the teams out there are not willing to face up to that. Next time, just lie. I'm more than a little bothered by this. Repackaging things is totally a classic and valid thing to do. People do that with everything from custom cars, audio equipment, to yes clocks. Kid you not there is a whole smallish subculture of making clocks of things. 'Autism' is useful if you need a diagnostic code in order to get a kid certain types of support. It's absolutely useless as a medical diagnosis. > The Air Force is not developing the F-35 to fight insurgents, they're deploying it to fight a well equipped, conventional force that will have multiple layers of sophisticated weapons. Essentially the F35 is the blu-ray of fighter planes. There is a post on Random ASCII about programs raising the Windows(tm) timer from 64/sec to 1000/sec for no good reason wasting power and wrecking battery life. I work on stuff that needs to run for years off of small batteries. An issue has been previously just like Windows(tm) all RTOS depended on a heartbeat interrupt. Which means the RTOS wakes up every 1-10ms to check if a timer has expired, see which task should be running, etc. The truth is, 99% of the time there is absolutely nothing to do. Or in my case 99.9% nothing to do. I've had to roll my own routines to keep track of how long till the next timer expiration and use that set a hardware timer that wakes up the uP. And also for timers that don't require low latency, marshal the events and do them all at once every so often. You're exactly right about the peripherals being the important part for micro controllers. Atmel when they developed the xmega and avr32 families radically changed the peripherals. At that point switching to an ARM Cortex was just as hard. Given that switching instruction sets is a nothing burger if most of your code is in C/C++. If I were a teacher and I saw a student come up with a peculiar but correct notation, I'd be ecstatic. This is exactly correct in that a country whose debt is denominated in it's own currency cannot suffer currency crisis ALA Argentina circa 2000 or Greece currently. As far as consequences are concerned, traditional economics as opposed the the crap that currently in vogue teaches us the exact technique to deal with excess debt; wage and price inflation. That's how the US successfully retired it's WWII debt. Odd thought, I've heard Intel described as an IC Fab House that designs microprocessors on the side. Perhaps Tesla is transitioning into a battery manufacturer that makes cars on the side. This is basically social security. Less well known as Old-Age, Survivors, and Disability Insurance. Which is funded by the Federal Insurance Contributions Act tax. Careful readers will note the word 'Insurance' because that's what social security is. Insurance against living longer than your savings hold out. Economists are funny. Soon as something is a government run program they're dead set against it. I've come around to an old critique I read thirty five years ago, which is women tend to do a lot of economically important yet uncompensated work; child rearing and house keeping. Something economists and policy makers tend to studiously ignore because you can't easily assign a dollar value to it or pin it to a particular quarters GDP. My dad used to refer to VW Diesels as VW Desmells Personal impression based on my friends commons on car buying recently. I think electric cars are going to eat whatever small market share diesels have in the US. Also of late diesel fuel is more expensive than gasoline at least in the bay area. There is the fiduciary duty aspect in play here. If a the employee of a business does something criminal while conduction the companies business, then it's possible that the owners are victims as well. However if they willfully created incentives and benefited from said criminal actions, it's hard to how they are not perpetrators themselves. The Wahabbi/Salifists see destroying all that old stuff as a feature not a bug. You are arguing against a wall dude. I mean you are 100% correct. Human brains are very complex, and there many many thing that can go sideways. Lumping a mass amount of those under the term Autism makes everyone feel good because they think it means 'understanding' and 'progress' but really it's bullocks. Seriously the mess that is psychiatry is going to take another 50 years to clean up+. It's problems are part of the academic madness that took hold after WWII when every field decided it needed to be 'a science' and tossed out all the ad-hoc knowledge and went straight to theory. + Like all fields that ran amuck the current guardians of the truth in psychiatry ain't going to change their minds. So progress is measured in funerals. Although, as I mention when people rant about how no one will use California High Speed Rail when it's finished, BART carries 360,000 people a day. The standard response to that is usually pure denial. What we have in the US is the result of under-funding public transportation for the last 75 years. You want a link? Here is one, http://www.bradford-delong.com/2015/03/time-for-a-rant-why-o... The short answer is a run on safe assets like gold creates a positive feedback loop. A demand short fall causes people to try to acquire safe assets like gold. Spending 'money' on gold means money not spent on real goods and services. Which results in a demand shortfall. And people wanting safe assets to park their wealth. Rinse lather repeat till 1/4 of workforce is unemployed. A central bank can print or lend out any amount of paper money to satisfy investors craving for safe assets. It can't make more gold. Why not have both? Problem: Trying to peg the money supply to the price of gold hamstrings the central banks ability to supply paper. Lesson learned 1929-1939. And learned again by Argentina in 2000 with a US dollar peg serving as a de facto gold standard. The problem is as soon as you throw debt and rents into the mix it all blows up, because debt and rents are 'paper' If I loan creshal $5000 at %5 interest, I have basically a note on $500 worth of income a year. I can turn around an use that note to buy something. Now someone else owns the debt worth $500/yr. Until the crisis hits, creshal loses his job and flees to Argentina and now that note isn't worth diddly. Short: Modern economies are rife with way to turn physical assets and rent streams into something akin to cash. So even if you think you're on a gold standard, you aren't really. Your on a gold + this bond entitles the holder to £500 per annum from the Village of Shlopshire. (Because in 1804 the village borrowed money to replace a bridge) Basically Car Insurance isn't to protect you. It's to protect other people from you. Which is why someone can get in an accident while driving drunk and their insurance company has to pay. I'm not sure, but maybe this is something title insurance is supposed to cover? Can also mention the eyesores and ecological ruin created by coal mining and oil sands extraction. That is because economists are either academics or work for large blue chip companies and have gold plated health insurance policies. They actually never have to deal with this on a personal level. One consideration after 40 years of experience, we can estimate about 1 really serious nuclear incident per 15-20 years. Adding enough nuclear power to cover our energy needs means we need 25 times more reactors than we have now. I don't really like where the math takes me at that point. One might ask what is a company where all the process is outsourced? One might ask, what are you when all of the proprietary parts of your companies process are 'owned' by outsiders? Building I'm in has no cable, phones lines, etc. The ladies above just use their phones for whatever. We get our internet via a microwave link. When you get into engineering one finds a strong caution to beware of optimizing the metric at the expense of the process. In your instance, GDP is up, median quality of life is down. Far as I can tell ordinary economists are totally blind to this. Actually would be a lot quieter, since the turbine wouldn't have a high velocity exhaust output. And the fans are fairly quiet. One real advantage would be quick throttle response. Gas turbines are slow to ramp up output power which is a real problem when dealing with wind shear on takeoff and landing. A 30 knot wind shear turns your 140 knots air speed turns into 110 knots airspeed. An electric fan's response would be very fast, probably faster than a prop plane. I upvoted cause not dumb question. Yes they do to an extent. One of the major reasons the engines are mounted on pylons is exactly to make maintenance and replacement easy. Your comment made me think these extreme interviewers are like a gardener who want to find that one true seed that will thrive when they plant it in a flower pot full of broken glass and gravel. Also reminds me of a comment by Robert Townsend. Which is a warning about following the practices of the biggest most illustrious firms. In his day that was General Motors etc. Today it's Apply and Google. I think those guys can spend a buttload of time and money looking for the perfect fit out of the line out the door of candidates because, it matters. Bad/Good hire could cost or make the company millions of dollars. It's also hard fire when your company is large. Your dinky company? A misperfect fit is going to cost you thousands to tens of dollars. I sort of remember ATM from descriptions back in the early 90's. Seemed like just the thing if you were a Telco wanting to efficiently send voice packets coast to coast and over-charge the customer for each and every bit. As a protocol for sending cat pictures and porn, not so good. Friend of mine in industry referred to the conversion between IP packets and ATM packets and back as a meat grinder. As in your packets get chopped into bits sent over the wire and if you are lucky all bits make it through and you get a fully assembled packet on the other side. If not you get to retry the whole packet again. And of course you get charged for ATM packets even though you couldn't use them. I think Cisco added an option where if you were using their equipment on both sides you could turn off the IP to ATM packet conversion. Which everyone immediately did. Sayonara ATM. I've dated a few accountants, and my mother was one. You'd probably be surprised what's in their spread sheets. Someone doesn't understand the difference between ionizing radiation and non-ionizing radiation. The effects of ionizing radiation are pretty well settled. Non-ionizing, people have been unsuccessfully chasing that ghost for decades. I'm generally the same way. Also generally expensive cars -> expensive repairs. However Nissan Leaf's are selling for $10k on the used market. And Tesla is planning on a sub $40k model in 18 months. So stands to reason inexpensive used ones will appear on market in a few years. The Japanese aren't offended because they are supremely confident in their culture. And yeah the people complaining have no idea what a Kimono is. It's dress not some sophomoric romanticized sacred essence of Japanese culture thing. I think Keynes was firmly in the camp that involuntary unemployment in a depression+ is caused by a cascading demand shortfall due to everyone trying to put their money in safe assets and pay off debt vs consume. + As opposed to a central bank engineered recession. You haven't seen such a thing because wages aren't flexible, wages are sticky. Everyone of course knows that from direct experience. However it drives post war economists completely mad+ so they invent concepts like voluntary unemployment to explain it away. + Post-war economists are obsessed with linear equations and closed form solutions that look like the 'laws' the guys in the physics department rely on. However once you take into account that wages (and rents!) are sticky, that means changing a workers wages from $10/hr -> $11/hr is different than $11/hr -> $10/hr. And then you're nice happy linear equations go out the window and you enter the land of Chaos theory. I remember someones comment that the people under the CEO, vice presidents etc, matter a lot more than is assumed. Especially since often CEO's get fired or quit fairly often. So it's the upper tier of management that provides longer term stability. (And those guys have an interest in keeping the CEO from wrecking things) You could use electric power from PV and wind to heat molten salts instead of a solar concentrator. Sure you lose 40% when you convert it back via a gas turbine+generator. But considering the falling costs of PV/Wind vs solar thermal, might make sense. If PV or wind is 1/2 the cost of solar thermal you might as well skip the power tower and mirrors. It's true "power 1 million homes" fuzzy unit, but it's actually what lay people and policy makers want to know in the end. Also true what it takes to power homes varies a lot. I remember kayaking down the Colorado river. First day was hot and the Hoover dam upstream was running it's generators full tilt to power all the air conditioners in Vegas. River was kinda scary. Next day weather moved in and the temperature dropped 20 degrees. Air conditioners off, generators off. Now flow and the river was still with wind blowing upstream and we had to paddle all the way out for 8 miles. One issue and I see others have caught on as well. Is that Nukes (and this thing) need to be located close by a source of cooling water to dump the waste heat+. And they require mines to provide fuel. All that is a hidden foot print. Gas and coal fired plants have the same issues. There is the plant itself and then there is all the hidden infrastructure needed to support it. At least the solar thermal plants just need cooling water. The PV plants don't even need that. + high quality heat aka hot salt -> thermodynamic machine -> high quality shaft power + low quality waste heat. A funny comment I saw on a talk by the author. He said metabolically normal kids get the sugar high and zoom around after you give them sweets. The ones with metabolic disease just want more sugar. On the other hand, honey is mostly glucose + fructose in about the same ratio as table sugar and HFCS. Seriously. If two things are chemically the same despite being from different provenance, chemistry teaches to expect identical behavior for the most part. Sometimes trace elements change things significantly. Why anyone would expect that of honey though, wishful thinking? I saw a couple of videos' through the UCSF web portal by this guy (Lustig) a few years ago. I can summarize what he said about various diets. The Paleo and Atkins diets work not because what they include but by what they exclude; processed carbs, sugar, and booze. Another comment. Dr Lustig is a pediatric endocrinologist. If you start looking though the literature. Doctors, nutritionists, etc are all doing research to prove low fat diets work. And high fat diets are bad. And it's all about will power. The pediatric endocrinologists started working the processed carbs, sugar (fructose) are bad angle about ten to fifteen years ago. Probably about five years ago they became absolutely convinced this is correct. Where you get squeezed is, output power is limited by regulation (for good reason). And sensitivity is limited by noise which is related to your signal bandwidth. The wider the band, the more noise you capture. There is a signal to noise 'wall/floor' defined by information theory, etc etc. Encoding technologies+ allow you to operate closer to the wall, but it's still here as a hard limit. Once your signal/noise drops below 3-6db game over+. These new technologies/products try to solve the problem from both ends. Increasing transmit power to the max allowed. Some early Zigbee chips for instance had transmit powers of 0db, big fail. These new radios transmit 10 to 20 db output power. On the receive side reduce bandwidth to increase the sensitivity by 10-30 db, at the expense of data rate. The cost of all this is very low bandwidth. Not just in bps, but also packets per minute due to duty cycle regulations. This poses some problems if you want encrypt your packets. Add at least 32-64 bytes overhead. Another problem is as the coverage area gets wider so does the number of interfering radio's. + Sometimes you hear comments that spread spectrum allows you operate below the noise floor, but that's only for the spread signal. Once the signal is despread at the receiver, same rules apply. >Doing away with the external capacitor made the 741 extremely popular, either because engineers are lazy[14] or because the reduced part count was beneficial. Small comment on this, doing away with the external capacitor meant 99% of the time the things just worked. Where the previous designs were a royal pain to tweak so they were stable, not only on the bench, but in production. This definitely is true. If the other party had the same information they would have sold or bought at a different price point. (or maybe not at all+) That has to be because that's the attraction of insider trading, I know something that will cause you to misprice the trade in a way that benefits the insider trader. + Consider the person trading in insider information, namely that Cogswell's Cosmic Cogs has agreed to buy Spacely Space Sprockets at $12/share. Someone with stock in Spacely Space Sprockets would likely chose not to sell at the current market rate of $9.25/share if they knew that. I'm getting that your argument is because the victims can't be singled out that insider trading is thus not theft. Cute. My dad mentioned that about automotive design, pretty much everything interesting had been invented by 1940. After that it's all new manufacturing technologies, materials, or economies of scale. Or some other technology from another field. (Good example is developments in power electronics meant electric cars were viable again after an 80 year hiatus) Also I like that 'It Has To Work' is numero uno. I have a small anecdote about this. In the last couple of years I've had few people ask me 'how can I write a program with a GUI.' And I give the advice, 'Download the free version of Microsoft Visual Studio for C# and select new project, windows forms' and then start mucking around. All of them were convinced by others to use qt and C++ All of them gave up after a week or two of no progress. I call the logic behind 'burn more calories than taken in' the 'bucket with a hole in the bottom' theory of metabolism and homeostasis. You can run the numbers for thermal storage. It's not fantastic. Probably a 60-70% return on input + plus waste heat. However thermal storage are very compact. Rough estimate I get; 100MW for 10 hours with a 2.5 acre footprint. One also gets about 40MW of waste heat which could be used for commercial or industrial heating. Currently though, complaining about storage has a cart before the horse aspect. Since for the immediate future photo voltaic plants are competing with gas fired peaking plants not nuclear or coal fired base load plants. (If you ever wonder why the Koch brothers really don't like Solar plants it's because solar cuts into the market for natural gas) I know not much about material science, except for some very painful experiences in an industrial setting+. But I have a feeling people tend to think fluoride salts are going to be as docile when molten and exposed to a high radiation flux as they are as room temperature solids. + Ethylene-oxide gas + moisture + heat -> plying rough trade on supposedly compatible materials. Not my problem but a customer I worked with had a gamma ray sterilization unit. There were some limit switches which they needed to replace after ten years. Replacements, same part number, manufacture swore up and down they were identical, would crack after three to six months. I have a friend that worked as a pediatric nurse in a cardiac ward. One of the reasons she quit was the grim feeling that she was often just enabling suffering. One of her patients was an infant they should have just let die. But they cut him open and fixed things and he lived another 6 weeks in torment and it was her job to make it last. My grandmother when she was dying mentioned feeling annoyed that government would spend a few hundred a day on worthless treatments for old old lady on deaths door when kids were going hungry. Oh yes that's quite the nasty bit of concrete. Scuttlebutt I've heard. If a modern stick house built with plywood beams catches fire, the fire department will not try to save it because it's too dangerous to send a man up on the roof to cut access holes. This is because in a fire the glue in built up beams loses strength very quickly and the thing de-laminates. This is close to what I think. To a great extent buildings have been commodified. And businesses typically do not own buildings, they are tenants. The bulldozed in 30 years attitude is post war nihilism in a nutshell. (In thirty years will be living on mars or dead from nuclear fire) And 95% of the 'food' people eat is junk food. It might be out right junk food, or junk food masquerading as healthy food. One you start digging and try to find stuff that isn't chock full of over processed carbs and added sugar one finds the pickings to be slim indeed. I read the study as saying, the outliers on bottom end scrupulously avoid junk and they are not fat (full stop) The ones the seek the stuff out are fat indeed and then everyone else is essentially eating all the same stuff and there is no way to suss out the various reasons why peoples BMI varies. The problem is BMI is a worthless metric. Because weight in humans is comprised for four things. 1. Bone, more is better. 2. Muscle, more is better. 3. Subcutaneous fat, more is better 4. Organ fat, more is bad. Number 4 is the big problem. BMI tells us nothing about that. You can start with this, start 11:00 go to 20:00. Or actually watch the whole thing. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ceFyF9px20Y The trouble is for metabolic disease BMI as a test has a false positive rate of 20% and a false negative rate of 40%. >"the employees snuck this by us. We had no idea. Absolutely no clue whatsoever. Pinkie swear." That's how I read the headline. Good thing I wasn't in mid sip when I read it[1]. You can imagine what would happen to an engineer that tried to bring that up. I swear you can smell that dynamic at a company within fifteen minutes of walking in the door. [1] Seriously this sort of stuff happens, the board members should be banned from serving on a board of directors again. Remember we need the salifists as allies against communism. Mattress Statist is a strong tell to stop wasting your timing reading drivel. The problem is the only people that use the word statist are self-styled followers of Any Rand[1]. And in that contexts it's always used as an ad hominem attack. So you got two strikes right there. [1]There are of course legions of armchair followers of Ayn Rand in the greater nerd community. But so what. None of those people have informed or coherent arguments about policy. I use this for debugging embedded code, if I get a null pointer exception or bus fault I log the calling address. 99% of the time running addr2line points me directly to the offending lines of code. There are also builtins that allow you to walk back up the stack and and thus fink on who's been naughty. For a long while I've had the opinion that the major conceit about Turing machines is, yes they can do things that humans suck at. However it's likely they are a pretty hackneyed way to accomplish what neuron based systems are really good at. The word you are looking for is kleptocracy It's amazing how cheaply the public interest gets sold out for. Well I always say, if your religion falls apart because men might have evolved from monkeys your religion is kinda brittle. I have another reason based on some mucking with simple PNG's a long time ago. Might not apply to more complicated ones[1]. Maximal cycle length generators don't produce degenerate sequences. Meaning I seem to remember ones where they'd have say a sequence of 2^k - 349 and a sequence of 340 and a sequence of 7. Which means they fail badly if seeded incorrectly. [1] Noting an old article I read on FPGA design that said, 'helps to design your state machines so that that illegal states transition to legal ones' So I assume sub 2^k generators exist that don't have sub-sequences. Difference is in China the central bank is wholly under the thumb of the communist party. Also: When you read the word 'Ponzi' in the context of macro-economics, as opposed to criminal prosecution, you should stop reading right then an there because the author is spouting drivel. First thing I did was divide 1.2 trillion by 1.357 billion (population of china). And then I lost interest in what the author had to say. The reality is the financial press has been predicting that China's financial policies will come a cropper _any day now_ for the last half dozen years. It's better, what we've seen with the politically independent central banks in the US and Europe is policies during the crisis to protect the banking systems balance sheets at the expense of the real economy. That's pretty much backwards, since a banks balance sheets can be easily fudged as needed and there is no physical limits in play. Vs the real economy where you can do real damage. My gut feeling is you can compare the United States 1929-1935 with China 2009 to 2015 and here we are. Notable China has managed to totally avoid a depression via the very policies bloomberg article rails against. They'll be sorry!!! Real soon now the chickens will come home to roost. And it'll be curtains for China!!! After six years of this, spare me please. Have one that took six months to find. The database person spent a month trying to figure out why there were entries with odd dates. Like one or two a month out of a few hundred thousand. Eventually figured out it wasn't his fault. His end was getting an occasional packet with a good crc and odd data. Most of the time the parser would kick those out. But a few were well formed enough to go through. I chased it down eventually to a documentation error in the datasheet for the radio transceiver we were using. The datasheet very clearly stated that when a packet came in with a bad crc... nothing would happen. No end of packet interrupt. So I had to use a timer to detect a bad crc. (Okay whatever, I mean I hate those guys, but I've seen worse) Turns out when the radio received a packet with a wrong/bad crc the radio silently reset the receiver and started waiting for a new packet. If a the radio received a packet before the timeout hammer came down then the driver would think the previously received packet was 'good' Opps. Was interesting because the symptom appeared at the farthest end of the system the tool graphing data for the customer and was caused by something at the other end. The error could have been literally anywhere in our system. I keep thinking that Bloomberg is trying to scare the readers with big numbers. 1.2 Trillion Yuan is about $188 billion. China's population is about 1.35 billion, China GDP is about $9.25 trillion. So non-performing loans are $188b/9240b = 0.0203 or 2% of GDP. This isn't anything the Central Banks can't deal with. The article is drivel. A lighthearted joke to hold off the panic while slack gets their servers back up. Ever hear a New York Echo? No! Heeeeeellloooooooooooooooooo!!!!! ... ... STFU!! Sometimes I wonder if this stuff gets added initially because of the need for manufacturing testing. And then some nitwit VP of engineering, decides having it installed in production would be super for some deranged reason. And no one can tell him no because the management culture prevents pens from throwing sh*t back upwards. He'd build the the Abacus 10000BC using advanced wooden disk and stick technology. Acceptable because if it blows up they'll just toss you or one of your coworkers under the bus. Watch what happens at Volkswagen, you'll see. The great thing about web based IDE's and the reason we will see more of this in the future is the opportunity for vendor lock in. Once you can control a developers tool chain you can prevent him from moving to another vendor because of all the stuff he can't take with him. Social Security is an insurance program. Which is why it's formal name is: Old-Age, Survivors, and Disability Insurance (OASDI). As such it doesn't promise to invest the money paid in at all. 90% of it is just paygo. Money comes in from working stiffs. Money goes out to grandma so she can buy catfood. The remainder is 'invested' in government securities. I had this thought recently that inheritance was a bad solution to languages not supporting containers natively. And or a lame attempt at code reuse. (A root class is an API/Service with no versioning) Was just thinking in moldy old c code the two places to use ++ or -- was when either incrementing pointers or indexes. The other is ++ and -- also map directly to old school assembly language instructions. Helpful when writing the back end of old school compilers. Probably doesn't make much sense in a language with foreach() or dictionaries, etc. I've brought the subject of version control for non-programming document control with programmer and non-programmer friends. The result is usually hostility. Programmers are taught that storing anything but text based code files under version control is EVIL. Probably because old version control systems would corrupt binary files. And because hard drives were small. I've stored firmware images and project files under version control for two decades myself. Other programmers I've had to deal with usually froth at the mouth a bit at that. Non-programmers have trouble grasping that there is a problem with the standard network drive full of random word docs and exel files 'system' A more difficult issue is most file formats were never designed with diff tools in mind[1][2]. There is chicken an egg problem. If you have no diff/merge tool for a file format. No one thinks to put it under version control. If it's never under version control, no one is motivated to create diff/merge tools. [1] Big one for me has always been CAD files, schematics and PCB layouts. This however is getting better of late. [2] I seem to remember reading someone commenting that merging xml based IDE project files as being particularly painful. (merge changes, fire up the IDE, IDE decides project is corrupt and helpfully deletes it, @#$^#!) What's weird is the metal and inorganic salts of mercury aren't particularly toxic. The vapor is toxic, one of my college professors said his graduate adviser was suffering from years of exposure to mercury fumes because in the bad old days they used to seal the gas valves in the lab with a little pool of mercury. Poor guy spent 40 years in the lab breathing mercury fumes. Every time I read about peroxides it's about chemicals like ether that tend to spontaneously form them while sitting quietly in the storeroom. I'm glad I'm just an engineer working in an air conditioned office. I'll just leave this here: "For every complex problem there is an answer that is clear, simple, and wrong" If you want an expansion of the "clear, simple and wrong" argument it's pretty easy. Which is to say using the term Muslim in that context lumps in a huge number of diverse cultural and religious groups. It's like saying 'Christian' which lumps in everyone from members of the Coptic Christian Church, Catholics, Japanese Catholicism (leftovers from the Portuguese circa 1700) Unitarians, Quakers, Baptists, and some weird sect hiding out in Montana waiting for Alien Jesus. Mostly it ignores that the vast majority of the faithful practice their religion in the breach. And the majority of sects strongly oppose the idea of people going out in a blaze of violence. I'm reminded of when hedge funds bought out old family owned logging companies via leveraged buyouts. The only way it made business sense was to clear cut everything and then close the mills down when the trees were gone. Yep cause building subways, high speed rail systems, and upgrading the national power grid doesn't make economic sense. That is the way to think about it. From my dad who worked for the government I learned something contrarian. The government doesn't waste much money at the level of a worker. The government wastes money at the program level. As an example the Reagan administration brought the USS Iowa out of mothballs. You can bet that the work done to upgrade her was done efficiently and economically (as efficiently and economically as any huge project like that goes). But on the big picture, they should have left her to rust. Stuff like this is why I make comments about building public infrastructure. Say the critics are current, the California High Speed Rail project is a boondoggle. Well at least we get a high speed rail line out of the deal. Vs a couple thousand shiny new nukes which aren't useful to anyone really. Threat of shouting likely increases the cognitive load leading to poor performance. >In its brief life the APT, with its futuristic sloped front, was vilified as a waste of money - £47m in total - and mocked by the press. When I read stuff like this, I want to kick people. It's not that bad since Japans infrastructure requirements are falling as well. And old people often don't require as many resource inputs as children and working age people. Unless you are talking the US with it's relatively unhealthy older population and bloated healthcare system[1] [1] You know where someone is checking out, the system gleefully spends a hundred grand to make sure their last few months of life totally sucks This totally reminds me of another 'scandal' maybe 10 years ago. Basically same thing. Snippets I remember from an industry insider was. 1. Making consistent batches of high quality chocolate is really hard. And there are only a small number of companies that do that. 2. There absolutely nothing wrong with a company buying chocolate from one of the above and gussying it up by adding ingredients and remolding it. This is called a Chocolatier. 3. There is something wrong with claiming you are making chocolate from scratch. Because seriously you aren't If I was advocating violence, I would have said so. That said I have a deep frustration for people with not only a negative can't do attitude. But more obsessively look for reasons to say I told you so. There are vast numbers of people like this and it gets worse decade by decade. And these people do vast damage to society. And also spending £47m for heavy industry technology project is what I would call cheap. And except for the rare exceptions where the engineers nail the design all of these are janky initially. Which of course provides a lot of cud for the naysayers. It tends to balance out, while they need more health care, they use less of other resources. But put it this way, the US spends about 17% of it's GDP on healthcare. So an aging population is a serious issue. Say you double that and now it's 34% of GDP (yikes). Now consider Japan, 10%. And Japan has a significantly older demographic already. So say it rises 50% over twenty years to 15%. That's still better than the US right now. China's healthcare expenditures are 5% of GDP. Numbers from here. http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/SH.XPD.TOTL.ZS Once you move away from keyboards and mice, USB devices in general are flaky. And USB based debuggers are hella flaky unless you have a supplier with enough $$ to throw at the problem. The Atmel Debuggers (but not the programmers) are an exception. A friend and his wife joked once that they were disappointed when they finished grad school that their diplomas didn't have the line, 'accomplished without the use of psychotropic drugs.' Going to fun when the developers take Clang closed sourced and add DRM support to it. Means you won't be able to generate code that runs on other machines without it being signed a trusted third party. You watch. If I do a read of a 'null' pointer on the Cortex ARM I'm using it's the initial stack pointer. If you try to write to that without some special magic involving the flash controller one gets a bus fault interrupt. Behavior depends on what the ISR does. AVR Processors don't have bus faults. Some machines I've worked on have RAM based at address zero. There is of course the issue whether you want the compiler to do that. Usually optimizing one parameter in a design to the exclusion of everything else is an strong indicator that the engineers involved are functionally incompetent. What is sad to watch is the binary sizes blowing up and long tail latency due to garbage collection. I think Rust is the only thing to come along in about 30 years that stands a chance. One thing I'll add is if your customers other businesses it'll often take 12-18 months for them to realize you even exist. And they won't commit their business to yours without testing you out' for 12-18 months after that. I usually chalk this sort of stuff up to the bored fireman syndrome: Since we have no fires to fight, lets go start one. Just temperature measurement is hard once you start talking accuracy better than a few tenths of a degree C. Add in heat flow, yeah whatever. That good point, replacing a constant time compare with a non constant time compare is a very terrible bug to introduce. A more amusing issue I saw was an optimization that looked for places where it could replace manual memory copying with ca call to memcpy. Something that drove the guys writing libc nutzoid. Because it was replacing the code in memcpy with a call to memcpy. (On some platforms you can implement memcpy with special assembly language calls. On some you can't) Personally I care little about speed, since if I need more speed I can get that. And frankly if you tell me the resulting binary is 20% faster for some things, I just do not care. But I worry a lot about losing the ability to reason about side effects. I'm reminded of a friends bitch about his company hiring a couple of ex-bell labs video compression guys to develop video codecs. Said they spent a year and came up with a great codec. Decode speed was twice as fast as anything else. Great!! Encoding speed was about a 1000 times slower. So encoding 5 minutes of video would take 3.5 days. And thus totally unusable. The issue is design axis's are entangled. And also figures of merit are nonlinear. Twice as whatever doesn't mean twice as good. First real thing I learned early on was, don't let your manager hurt you. As a young engineer you have 30-40 years of game to play. And your manager will happily sacrifice that to make the next deadline. When you're done, he's done and will get rid of you to make room for the next guy. I think some of this can be summed up in the phrase paycheck to paycheck. People in that situation have to keep running or they fall down. The other is while the US is wealthier than a lot of other places the interpersonal support networks are generally threadbare. When the downside risk will become unacceptable if you continue. I think there is an often overlooked proportionate argument. Which is not only should punishments be proportional to the crime committed. But enforcement efforts should be as well. Personally I don't see why the courts should shield the cops from liability when they are obviously being sloppy. Seriously if cops going to bust down someones door and point guns at them then they need to dot their i's and cross their t's. Personally I think a lot of Judges came of age during the Dirty Harry era. We won't see much change until death and senility removes them from office. If they told you that the number of outstanding shares was privileged and confidential they are crooks in nice suits. Also at this point in time there is so much shady stuff going on with options that you should always always value options at zero. Frankly if all you are offering is your labor in return for options you don't have the pull to get a particularly good deal. (Example: Friend worked three years at a startup. Friend is smart. Friend got ~$50,000... whoop dee doo dah day) Only other advice I have is, if you are considering exercising any stock options you need to talk with a tax accountant before you pull the trigger. No exceptions. I think running mixed lots of wafers is still a thing. However besides still being very expensive the other two issues are the software tools to lay out the chips. And then the cost of making the masks[1]. Friend of mine was working for a startup five years ago I think he said they needed 2.5 million for a small team + initial fab. If you are interested you can get into programming FPGA's for a few grand at most. Far as I can tell looking on the outside of people doing both it's almost the same minus the chip layout manufacturing step. Also the design cycle time is hella faster and cheaper. [1] I have no idea what masks cost now, but 15 years ago the company I worked for needed to change a metal mask and it cost $50k, I think a full set was $250,000. In a lot of these cases a small foot print and guaranteed latency is vastly more important than raw speed. As in with a task that runs 20 times a second, it's not important that it finishes in 1 ms or 3 ms, but having the system go away for 500ms is not acceptable. My memory (heh) fails me somewhat. But I think the only Flash available in 1995 was NOR Flash. So very slow, expensive, unavailable in reasonable sizes, only limited numbers of writes. When I said very slow I mean glacially slow. I have worked on systems with battery backed RAM. Works fairly well, however a naive reliance on it will result in data corruption and tears. (Hint reset or a program crash can come at any moment) What is interesting to me is how absolutely low emissions are for hybrid cars. Not idea why but the NOX emissions are about 5 to 10 times less. I more would like the idea of laptops and smartphones being able to talk directly with low cost smart home stuff like your thermostat without having to have bridges or pay someone for access through some 'your data is now our data not yours' cloud services I'm somewhat concerned about LoRa and things like it for that reason. Having a transmitter emitting energy in your band is bad. But having a bunch of transmitters emitting coherent energy you're receiver can detect it worse. The former just cuts down your signal to noise. The latter directly limits your available bandwidth. Which is to say, if your radio detects the beginning of a weak packet from far away it's locked down for the duration. Can't transmit, can't receive another stronger packet that arrives slightly later. I have two things to say. #1 The submitted article is very good. #2 I'd add to it, avoid pointer arithmetic when possible. Use array notation instead. Typically the difference in execution speed is zero to nil. #3 I'd really like a pragma that forces an exception for unchecked return values. Something like int DoSomeThing(/* whatever*/) #pragma exit "unchecked non_zero" Meaning if DoSomething() doesn't return zero the program bails. Personal opinion, people are generally way too concerned about buffer overflows in C. Meaning if you have issues with buffer overflows the root cause is you are seriously writing C the wrong way circa 2016. When I hear buffer overflows I think. Programmer trying to be smarter than he is. Depreciated unsafe string functions. Unnecessary pointer arithmetic. No unit tests Failing to use static code analysis tools I'm guessing very small train, probably 30ton weight. Max speed 33m/s. So accelerating 30,000 kg to 33m/s... what E = 1/2 * 30000 * 33^2 = 16335000J or 4.5kwhr at $0.20 kwhr that's about $0.90 in electricity costs. We're in a period of recovery after philosophy went down a nihilistic post modern rat hole in the early twentieth century. Actually doing better than some other fields. Probably that there is something seriously sociopathic going on with police, prosecutors, and Judges that handle drug cases. A naive assumption of incentives would make one assume that tracking devices would make people drive safer and save everyone money. More likely consumers will not drive any safer[1] and instead not only have to pay for normal insurance, but also the tracking devices and than data analytics. [1] Difficulty the incentives people already have to avoid accidents is likely cognitively saturated. See red light cameras. To a certain extent, not supporting old hardware is saving users from themselves. In other fields it's well understood that it's important to encapsulate the real science and engineering bits inside standards and well characterized components. There are a lot of engineers and technicians that confine themselves to applying those to problems. Which is totally proper. And engineers that do the hard stuff tend to confine themselves to very narrow domains. Somewhere someone is carefully designing the plumbing for a rocket engine the better to carry cryogenic hydrogen and oxygen. And somewhere a plumber is using a saw to cut a piece of ABS pipe the better to carry sh*t. Somewhere a computer scientist is working on a lockless database widget. Elsewhere a high school dropout is setting up a web page for a diner. It's all okay. The tl'dr: Eat actual food. I think it's accepted now also that insulin blocks the effects of leptin (satiety hormone) on the brain. So a diet with an excess of carbs interferes with both fat regulation regulation but also intake. Also I tried looking this up and failed. But I'm sure that leptin wasn't discovered until the war on fat was well underway. And the first instinct when it was discovered was to try to use it as a drug target (all these failed badly). I think Atmel's and to a lessor extent Microchip have a real problem on their hands with the proliferation of low cost low power ARM based microcontrollers. And also getting squeezed on the higher end by Linux capable processors. Where I work when confronted by the need to move away from AVR Mega parts due to cost instead of going the xmega route I punted us over to a low cost ARM micro. That was three years ago. My grandmother started drinking after my grandfather died. And died herself ten years later of liver failure. I remember emptying out the medicine cabinet and tossing a half empty 500 pill bottle of Tylenol in the trash. And then finding two more unopened in the cabinet under the sink. My thought then was, 'this and the booze is what killed her.' That was 35 years ago. I think it's because it goes against the last 45 years of common wisdom about why people get fat. Namely it's all about dietary fat and lack of will power. If you ask your doctor, nutritionist, your mom, or the man on the street they'll tell you this. Try to tell them different and they'll label you as crazy. (Hint hit the vote button now) If you ask someone that does endocrine research, especially pediatric endocrine research they'll tell you that when you exclude people that are overweight for one of a large number of genetic reasons, the rest are fat because if a diet containing too much added sugars and processed carbs[1]. They'll also tell you normal dietary fat[2] is good for you. [1] And booze though it breaks my heart to say so. [2] As opposed to trans-fats which are terrible. As an American my impression is blue collar white working class Americans decided they'd rather give up the benefits of unionized employment in return for not having to give up the racially based pecking order. Would have been nice if instead of the xmega parts with the old AVR core + brand new complex and somewhat buggier peripherals they'd instead swapped out the AVR core with an ARM Cortex M0 core. A while back I needed to re-implement the wheel, an extremely minimalist routing protocol. I asked my smart friends what to do and one of them helpfully gave me a really good book by a guy that spent about 30 years implementing networking 'stuff'. Reading through it he pointed out that at the bits/bytes level a lot of protocols are broken because of the lack of a version field[1]. If you have proper versioning you can say; for packet format 001, the field foonarg[1:3] must be 000. And if it isn't it must treated as garbage and tossed. If you don't have versioning, you're kinda stuck with a bunch of ad-hock methods. Stuff like the this unused (we hope) bit in this field is never set this way for this format. Or this packet is 87 bytes long thus it must be this format. head desk If you ever have to design binary or even text based data format that needs to be shared add a version field, you'll hate yourself less later. Digging through my piles of books, it's this one, outdated if you're interested in current stuff. Interconnections Bridges Switches and Internetworking Protocols by Radia Perlman http://www.amazon.com/Interconnections-Bridges-Switches-Inte... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radia_Perlman Course there are prion diseases which can be spread by ingesting infected nervous system tissue. Kuru, Mad cow disease and scrapie come to mind. Oh that never happens to me, spend the afternoon and into the evening chasing down a bug only to give up and go home. Then fix it in 30 seconds the next morning. Nope never, not once. My GF that does 3D animation also reports never having this problem either. Homeostasis is why reducing dietary cholesterol doesn't do squat either. Reduce your intake and your body just makes more. Mine all came in straight. I had them removed one by one when they developed cavities. Minus waiting for the Novocain to kick in each one took the oral surgeon about 30 seconds to get out including packing the gauze. Bonus I got a bottle of Vicodin that I didn't need out of the deal. Also: General anesthesia? That's often an excuse for the dentist to be a rough on you as convenient for them. No thanks. Course those come from a primordial age when max symbol sizes and file names were limited. Circa 1975 you were asking for trouble with a file name like string_copy.c or file_control.c This gem from today is pretty icky TEST_PACKET_T *xmt_buffer = (TEST_PACKET_T *) radio_drv_cntl->xmt_buffer; ... ... uint8_t msg_len = xmt_buffer->len; // Fill the payload with 'data' for(uint8_t indx=offsetof(TEST_PACKET_T, data); indx data[indx] = indx; Systemmd is exposing something much deeper and icky as a normal file system object. That is beyond wrong. I'll get hammered for this statement but. Traditional AI suffers from a love of solving parlor tricks. Solving tick tack toe, checkers, chess, poker, Jeopardy(tm), are parlor tricks. It seems important because frankly humans just suck at parlor trick type problems and other forms of intelligence like say a cat brain don't even get parlor tricks. SO then we found that computers were really good at parlor tricks and it seemed like we were really onto something here. But nope. On the other hand playing Go is not really a parlor trick, it's actually hard simple symbolic logic totally fails to grasp the problem at the first level. I'm not a lawyer but can point to 1960's court rulings invalidating real estate covenants that banned homeowners from selling to Blacks, Jews, and Mexicans. The supreme court invalidated the convents by flatly refusing to enforce them. In short the court said 'not your personal army.' Meaning the courts weren't going to accept lawsuits attempting to enforce racially based covenants. tl;dr: Courts don't actually overturn laws or contracts instead they refuse to enforce them. Oh yeah, low risk business where the government backstops any losses? By rights investors shouldn't expect very high returns. Also yes with power distribution you have long tail network effects that make charging for service using pure market mechanisms essentially impossible. Hint, when the US stopped subsidizing rail by things like land grants and turning a blind eye to graft, they all went bankrupt. I always assume a random metal box left unattended on the street in SF will be broken apart and turned in for scrap metal within about an hour. Technically the half life of such things varies but downtown it's about 5-10 minutes. >> Because they chose a model where the businesses who pay them are also the businesses being reviewed > Crazy when you think about it. Who do those guys think they are, Moody's!!!? I get twitchy, the whole thing makes me twitchy. Partly because I know a few who eschew the whole hormones and surgery. Somewhat or not so somewhat defiantly. I'd really hate for those people to be pressured into something that not only do they not need, but results in a lower quality of life. Yeah and they knew that was bad too. Probably if they had a good way of testing for lead acetate, they'd probably have thrown the occasional wine merchant to the lions. I have a copy of De re Metallica[1] it has a whole chapter on stuff like this and that's 1500's Europe. Lead is kinda tricky since it tends to get passivized most of the time by sulfate and phosphate. Except when it doesn't and then it's insidiously bad. [1] Translated Herbert Hoover (yes that one). I've come around so some of this way of thinking. Specifically traditional economics focuses on a archetypal factory worker as a unit of labor. Any work, especially unpaid work outside that setting is considered 'leisure' As I've gotten older and more experienced I've realized this is fatally flawed. Economists like it because it seems like a hard unit. Much preferable to the really very fuzzy unit of a 'family'. Meaning you can easily reason and pretend to write meaningful closed form equations about a get showing up at the factory gates with a lunch pail. Much harder to define and reason able a 'family' Basic flaw is captured by the old joke about the drunk looking for his keys in the snow under the streetlight. Instead of next to his car where he dropped them... because it's easier to see. Reasoning about the economic value produced by families and all the unpaid labor conducted therein is too hard, so ignored and dismissed. I'm assuming that the same rules apply as do in straight RF detection. A signal becomes a decent signal at 6db above noise and gets exponentially better every 6db above that. Something 20db above noise is rock solid reliable. SNR = 10 log(Ps/Pw), solving Ps/Pw = 10^(SNR/10) = 10^(20/10) == 100 A signal 20db above the noise, you could put your eye out with it. db is confusing, when you're talking voltage it's 20 log(Vs/Vw) And in absolute terms engineers talk about the power over 1mW. Myself I get miffed a bit because people have been conditioned to think in terms of trying to pull facts out of crappy data sets using poorly thought out statistics. However in a lot of engineering and physics fields the data is often really good. Often good enough that you can work off a single measurement. Ever look at an eclipse project file? Barf Yeah I was going to say good decisions aren't made when investors start to panic. Or consider GM maker of fine crappy cars. They went bust in 2009. Companies are often long expenses and short profits. Meaning they commit to certain level of expenses capital or otherwise, yet their profits depend on near term sales. Business dries up, balance sheet goes red and if they can't borrow money, they go belly up. Rock solid business, gone. Why because the project you need to swipe some stuff from has no build system other than the wretched eclipse project file. Put it this why, you look at the project file, it's a tell how horrid everything is with the Java ecosystem that someone thinks that is a good idea. I wonder a bit if Clojure isn't atypical though? I mean my compiler starts up fast too, then takes a fairly long time to grind away. However this gets done once. I skimmed that paper... math is hard. I kinda wonder if the path created by the inertial system is being used to correct the sequence of GPS derived points. Reason being the inertial systems error is tiny, but cumulative over time. Where the GPS error is large per measurement but tiny when averaged over a set of geographically spaced points. You have two errors, plain noise that causes the position at a particular location to vary. And a location/time[1] specific error that is an offset. If you know the shape of your path precisely then you can rectify both. [1] Location due to interference of things like trees, buildings, etc. Time because the positions of the satellites changes over time. I don't have any formal education in economics, but... The reason that a bank holds government bonds is different than the reason a private investor would do so. Government bonds are the strongest type of reserve a bank can hold. Less safe reserves require a discount from face value. So for a bank there is a balance of risk between cheap and safe reserves like Treasuries and more expensive but better returning paper. A bank is always going to hold a mix of paper as a reserve[1]. China? China hold's US debt in order to be able to stabilize their currency against the dollar. And to backstop the value of their currency on the world market. I don't see anything abnormal about any of this. [1] For a bank, if the ratio of loans outstanding vs reserves in hand gets too low they can't loan out any more money. And since a bank makes money on fees inability to make loans is bad bad bad. > If they're given a foot in the door on this specific example, they'll use it for almost everything else imaginable. Yeah like hand over the keys to foreign governments or corporations that they wish to curry favor with the better to land a sweet sweet gig once they leave government service. I wonder if some sort of base64 encoding wouldn't have been better. "dead:beef:0000:0000:0000:0000:0000:0001" becomes "3q2+7wAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAQ" Which sucks because of the non-alphanumeric characters and the long run of A's, but one gets the idea. Which is to a general user hex encoding might as well be Hungarian. My Dad told me once, every good idea has already been thought of by someone else. Um... this crap in Syria and Iraq is us still dealing with the aftermath of the dismemberment of the Ottoman empire. War casts long dark shadows through history. I'm of the opinion that they should add a way to force two's complement behavior for signed integers. And add that to he definition of int32_t, etc. At that point everyone is happy. People interested in safe solid code can use int32_t, etc. And the people interested in writing the best optimizations and the fastest code can masturbate away. In the early nineties I found myself faced with spending a year learning to program in C++ with Microsoft foundation classes or giving up on Windows programming. After ten years started sh*tcoding in C#. I feel like I missed out on a lot of pointless suffering. I think there are dog trackers on the market that use GPS + Cell. At least there are motorcycle trackers. Generally the problem with WiFi is if it's close enough to work the dog can usually hear you. You could use a directional antenna but an extra 10db isn't going to buy you much. And at 2.4GHZ WiFi gets attenuated rapidly when not line of sight. Same is true for anything else in the 900MHz/ 2.4GHZ bands. Cellular gets around this by putting their antennas up high to clear local clutter (buildings, trees, hills, etc). Problem with Cellular is the power drain and the monthly bill. On the other hand, probably will work. Cellular coverage is pretty good everywhere now. If you want to mess about I think there are modules with Cellular and GPS. You also might be able to use a 900MHz solution[1] where you just send a ping of the GPS coordinates every so often. If you up the power to the max allowed (Like 20-30db) and drop the data rate down to a few hundred/thousand bits per second. You could probably go two to three miles. I think your current choices here are some sort of FSK radio or the newer LoRa radio. The reason is FSK radios and LoRa both allow you to turn the bandwidth way way down. The lower the bandwidth the better the signal to noise for the same transmit power. [1] The lower the transmit frequency better it will propagate through clutter on the ground. But lower frequency means a bigger antenna. PS: If you're messing with RF using module or manufactures dev board is the way to go. It's very hard to tune the RF path and antenna without experience and a spectrum analyzer. PSS: I've found the transceivers from SemTech to be pretty bulletproof. They have their own power regulators on board which makes them insensitive to being powered by crappy supplies. My ex and I went to Britain 20 years ago (honeymoon trip) Beforehand everyone warned us how bad going though customs was going to be. But we for some deranged reason flew into Glasgow. Got off the flight, walked down to the customs counter (singular) and the agent looked at our passports, smiled, stamped them and that was that. Reminded me of flying into John Wayne International before they wrecked it. The difference in cognitive load between John Wayne and LAX was night and day. When I hear excuses about how some diagnostic test is expensive because the machines are expensive I think of airplanes and rental cars. So you say your ten year old ultrasound costs $50k? I can rent a $50k automobile for $150 a day, not for just ten minutes. And rent a space on a 120 million dollar airplane for a few hundred. And seriously, mom was an accountant. The capital cost of a $50,000 ultrasound machine is about $20/day. Meanwhile I have about $50,000 worth of test equipment sitting in my office. I'd never think of charging a customer a $2500 spectrum analyzer fee. Or a $400 oscilloscope diagnostic fee. Please. Thing I harp on is that the medical industry is used to just charging whatever they can get away with. Since they have a generally naive and captive customer base, there is generally nothing to keep things real. My small experience with business is that when you have that situation you're set up to totally lose control of your costs. Because a lot of excess expenses are hidden in high margin products and services. Example, you make something for $5600 and sell it for $15,340. Could be that with a small amount of work you could produce the thing for $4200 ea. But because the margin is 'good' no one feels the need. In some parts of the device industry there is actual competition though. My data point on this is Aldrich Ames who living way beyond his means for a full decade. All the CIA did was send to agents around to tell him to 'cool it' What this says to me is that people at his level in the CIA and NSA, etc at the time and probably still are trading classified information to friendly governments and large corporate clients. What the CIA didn't expect was that Ames was so utterly stupid as to be selling information to the Soviets instead of say the French Government, or the someone at a hedge fund, or a VP of sales at Boeing. More think of you're bidding on a contract with General Electric and the guy across the table has been listening in on all of your conference calls and reading all of your confidential documents courtesy of your competitors mole at the FBI. And so he knows what your go no go point is to the penny. When I think about this I think about streaming protocols, you have two types those that totally lose the thread when there is an error and those that don't. And there is an issue of the typical hamming distance between valid code sequences. I'm on the side of having to reflexively type an extra character or two to gain some parser redundancy and error detection. I've also read a few people talking about auto formatting tools and seems like they need all the help they can get. I think I don't really have that bar() baz() problem because I use blank lines to separate blocks of code from each other. And also because as a heathen I use Allman style not K&R. I think that if you ignore classic post war economic orthodoxy[1] there are offsetting economic benefits to a declining population. Such as every year you don't need as much infrastructure. The number of children that need to be educated goes down. The ratio of the countries carrying capacity vs actual population improves pushing you farther away from the Malthusian limit. Maybe not so good if you're in the drywall business. [1] The kind that focuses on aggregate money flows and spending to the exclusion of everything actually important. Nice equation, makes your argument look more sciency. Problem with it is that it ignores that physical things don't follow standard accounting depreciation schedules. Like I mentioned, you can't make the assumption that physical resources like energy, labor, and materials flow through the economy like intangible 'money' The problem with your equation is that real things don't degrade by X percent per year. Or more that the utility tends not to. For maintenance you usually have a fix part that is based on time and a variable part that depends on use. And typically the the cost of depreciation occurs mostly at the end of life when you need to expend real resources to replace it. However if you don't need to replace it then what? Bonus. Not having read the article, but never seemed to me that any of these engineers ever practiced once out of college. I've read that the old socialist government in India produced more engineers and other technical people than the economy could absorb. And it was nearly impossible to start a business either. Why a lot of Indian technical people came to the united states to work. I'm under the impression that in a lot of middle eastern countries it's not real hard to get into university. However the universities are corrupt. To get good grades means cheating and subtle and or not so subtle bribes to your professors. And once you are out if the fix isn't in for you, you're not going to get a job. I've noted in my career that you have three kinds of engineering students. Those that go into it for the money. Those that go into it because they have some grand narcissistic idea that they'll changed the world. And those that are more or less happy to spend the rest of their career designing trash pumps. The first drift into sales and management. The second are potential a source of terrorists. And the latter are guys like me. I read an blog post by a guy with a long experience with this. What happens is large players demand that there be a 'reasonable' deadline for compliance. And then half the companies involved sit on their hands for two and a half years and then demand an extension. And then another and next thing you know you're still using RSA fifteen years after people knew they needed to stop using it. Only solution I can think of is to create some sort of license where once the sunset deadline is established, the license to use it expires hard on the deadline. I grew up when most people totally bought Freudian psychology hook line and sinker. Which tells us we need to let those negative emotions out!!! My response boiled down somewhat but same as yours, 'What you do. You get good at' Thanks that would be the one. I get this feeling that encryption protocols and standards often end up and all sorts of dank corners of the web infrastructure and finding and updating all of these is really messy task. And I suspect service providers and their customers haven't been really good at keeping track of everything. I have some thoughts on this, one that notes that the tax laws highly discourage ordinary businesses from owning buildings. To the need to build a ton of cheap stuff during the twentieth century population explosion. The introduction of new materials. The belief that progress was so fast that these new buildings would soon be surpassed and torn down. And finally general post WWI and especially WWII nihilism. Plus the extremely milign offects of B.F. Skinner[1]. Behaviorism teaches us that humans will successful 'adapt' to whatever horrible yet convenient for those running things environment we subject them to. I'm just a crummy engineer that writes a fair amount of embedded firmware. When this subject comes up I've found mainstream programmers attitude towards these sorts of concerns to be actually hostile. A lot of programmers think when specification gives the compile maintainers a choice between making the code do something platform specific or something silently malicious, to do the malicious thing in order to 'teach the programmer a lesson' I'm with you. These guys aren't helping us, our customers or the people that pay the bills. I think you should consider the perspective of programmers who have to write code where all the side effects aren't hidden behind the operating systems API calls. I started trying to find summer jobs while in college 1981-1983. Totally totally failed until summer of 1984. I felt like such a loser and my parents could not understand how I kept getting turned down for jobs. I don't think the valley really recovered until 1987-1988. Part of that was because the last of the manufacturing went to Asia. And also because the Japanese were trying to keep the Yen weak and the Reagan administration was trying to keep the dollar strong. This didn't bode well for the tech industry in the Bay Area. Yes. Literally eating paint chips from pealing paint, windows and moldings are usually the most common sources. Toddlers and young children are both the most susceptible and the most likely to be exposed. I helped a friend fix up a half remodeled POS house he bought where the previous owner was sloppy and his two year old son developed severe lead poisoning. Lead is insidious. Usually in the environment it gets sequestered as the phosphate or sulfate. Except when it doesn't. The bio-availability of lead phosphate/sulfate is low. However lead paint uses lead-oxide which is highly available. I think lead-oxide was used for oil based paints because it's pure white, highly opaque, and catalyses polymerization. It's almost perfect except that it's poison. Oh yeah lead/tin solder is wonderful to work with. makes sad face I've noted one reason keeping up with and having good relations with coworkers is important. Helps you get work later. Especially true as you get older your chance of finding a job via a cold call goes way down. But even so in a big downturn you may find all your industry contacts are in the same boat as you are. I had a lot of friends in the web industry all out of work 2001-2004. And in a fast changing field 18 months out of work is bad news because your experience rapidly becomes obsolete. My dad has a story about working for TRW in spring of 1971. One of his older wiser coworkers came into his office and said 'take a look at this', and laid down the previous three months worth of internal TRW phone books. They were rapidly getting thinner each month. My dad decided he needed to get out and get out now. Through an old work friend[1] he managed to swing a government position in the Bay Area which he kept for the next 30 years. He said before he got that job he was thinking his retirement would be to a cardboard box. [1] Friend pulled my dads application out of a pile of about 500 and stuck it on the top. If you ever want to know what petty corruption is, that's it. I assume there are developmental genetics that apply to a whole organism. Everything on an elephant has to be big and everything on a mouse has to be small. But then there probably is little correlation between localized development genetics. The result is that within the 5% to 95% range the correlation between the size and shape of developmental features is pretty much zippo and simple non-correlated probability dominates. I remember talking to a coworker my age (about 20 years ago). He was born in the early 60's in Britain and his family was middle class. I was born in California and my family was middle class. When he was a small child in England his dad bought the first family car. Like ever. In my case my great grand fathers all bought cars before 1920. I just seemed to me that Britain, Europe, and especially eastern Europe after two world wars was a big mess. The US came out of it producing 50% of the world GDP, not including, Britain, Canada, France, etc. Frosted Flakes though man, not even once Simpson's paradox should give pause to anyone trying to run statistics on data from poorly selected test subjects. Not only can you get results that are a mirage, you can get results that are the opposite of reality. Feynman also lived in a time when fields like psychology were just terrible. Take that back, they're terrible now, they were even worse then. I'm sort of reminded of a comment by an ex who grew up in a poor neighborhood. The cops learn how to fudge their reports so they get past the judges. Replace court judges with peer reviewers. About a year ago, saw youtube video about p values. Can't find it again. The upshot was p-values are really noisy. And I think mentioned p-values tend to work the opposite of the way they are used. Greater than 0.05 most likely means 'nope'. Less than 0.05 means 'maybe' This is why the phrase 'An anecdote is not data' chaps my hide. If you have good observability and theory to back it up a single measurement can tell you everything. Where when you don't have that, take all the data points you want. All you have is garbage. I think all fines should have to be handed over to the social security administration. Has two benefits one tends to dissuade law enforcement to go after people just because they have money. Two encourages law enforcement to toss people in jail. Right now larger corporations agree to pay fines in return for officers of the corporation not going to jail. That should change. Corporations not being able to pay a large bride in shareholder money would push things in the correct direction. Highlights something I'm annoyed with, the pernicious idea that truth can be determined by 'voting' I'll go down as saying the best candidates are perhaps teeth and kidneys. I'm suddenly reminded of two stories. One was my Civics teacher who grew up in a dry country. Every four years they got a new sheriff. Because hey after you've earned a quarter of million in bribes (circa 1965) why not retire. And another who mentioned when she was a teenager the feds busting two local sheriffs deputies for trafficking cocaine. You really want a corrupt sheriff or drug dealing cops to have access to all the stuff the NSA does? Seriously? Scares the crap out of me. Also, just remembered these guys https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Louis_Eppolito_and_Stephen_Car... Maybe, however we have recent flooding events that are almost biblical. There are the recent in my lifetime floods in the Mississippi valley 1993 and 2011. Not to mention the 1927 flood. Ohio River flood of 1937 which I think is mythologized in the Johnny Cash song 5ft high and rising. In the Great Flood of 1862 the California Central Valley flooded, 6000 square miles, some of which was still under water 6 months later. While I suspect such floods don't occur in the Euphrates and Tigris basins now, 5000 years ago when the climate was wetter, perhaps such floods similar to the Great Flood of 1862 did occur every few hundred years. > However, training is critical. After the Great Alaska quake of 1964 two people died in Crescent City. After the first wave hit they went back to check on things and then got caught by a second wave. Crescent City, CA is 2400km from Anchorage AK. Remember anytime your see a study that treats autism as a disease rather than a round file of conditions it's bogus. My eyes start bleeding when I think too hard about this, but seems in my world inheritance in these cases is being used as a really bad substitute for properties. Which is a lot of 'things' have flat collections of properties not a hierarchy of properties. I suspect this is why LINQ kinda popular. No one cares if book inherits item. They want to query the random collection of crap someone ordered for 'is a book' or is 'food' so they can properly calculate the sales tax in Minnesota. >Point being, these economists seem to bring in an awful lot of political and moral prejudgments into this study (as is their profession's frequent wont). I was reading this recently. https://www.marxists.org/reference/subject/economics/keynes/... Protip: Want to read any historical stuff on economics? You'll be slumming with commies. Anyway what is amusing reading that it's apparent that the policies promoted by orthodox economists have not changed in 200-300 years. And actually predate economics as a field. It would be like going to the doctor circa 2016 and being told the results of your MRI indicate a vital need to apply leaches to your nether regions. So yeah does seem that for economics political and moral prejudgments trump theory 99% of the time. It's that the stuff is usually on marxists.org One of the reasons I've always been leery of regex. Especially since everyone I've seen using them tends to blindly copy an example from elsewhere and then bats at it until the test case passes. I have a couple of things I do depending on the code I'm working on. With the firmware I work in debugging is tricky because normally stopping the world with gdb messes up the delicate dance going on. Also the processor only has two hardware break points which isn't enough frankly. However I do use gdb from the command line on occasion. Code I write is pretty heavy on global variable and with gdb you can poke about and see what they are. You can also use gdb to look at internal processor modules. To get around the limits of not being able to use break points I have a command line interface built into the firmware, which I use to poke and prod for debugging. I'm dimly aware that almost no one else does this, but can't for the life of me figure out how people get by without it. I also have a critical error handler that can save information off to a no init section of memory and then reset, recover and then log the error via the serial port on startup and via the radio. This is useful because for instance I have that hooked into the bus fault interrupt, so I can pull the offending instructions address off the call stack. The binutils program addr2line.exe rats out the offending line of code about 99% of the time. For timing related stuff I make heavy use of toggling port pins and watching what happens with an oscilloscope. For networking stuff sometimes I use wireshark. For C#/.net development I use Visual Studio and logging either to a window or to a file. However I've noticed that when other programmers work on my code they immediately delete that stuff and switch to printing to 'stderror'. The magic market fairy gave me another unicorn. I think about this and then think about what happens when you let a supplier drink of your milkshake. Which is when they use control of something you depend on to demand a share of your profits. It's worth money to not to be in that situation. I've used a couple of tool$ AKA commercial tools Cadence Allegro PCB Designer is a right steaming pile. The whole issue with path's are a problem. You don't have libraries like you do in Altium or ancient ORCAD, you have directories of files that define pads and parts. Lately poking about with Altium. I think it's fairly good. I still have a copy of the old ORCAD circa late nineties, was 'okay' Or put it this way, needed to layout a PCB in 2005 and tried Eagle and... dug out and installed ORCAD from 1998. Check out the function it's from, it's a classic function with multiple guard exits and normal return at the end. The gotos to a label in an if block is what's amusing. But you can see why he's doing that, he has exactly one exit per returned error type. Often it's very useful to have separate returns from functions for errors. The reason being you can set a break point on the error return and then let the code run. The code will run normally until the error occurs, which in some cases may take days. I have this rule for timing out how long trips take. Unless it's just me, for every pee and gas stop add 20-30 minutes. If it is just me then it's about 5-10 minutes. I have no idea why the disparity. But it's consistent. Stops for food are at least 1 hour. If you can stop for food and charge the car at the same time a 200 mile range wouldn't be an issue for most people. All this leads up to; when you see significant numbers of electric cars on the road you'll see roadside businesses start to cater to them. That model isn't bad, customer parks, plugs in the car and goes in for snax and coffee. 20 minutes later the smart phone dings saying the car is good go. That's different than having stand around a gas station for 20 minutes. random_variate_y :P One thing to consider is percentage of gross revenues spent on payroll varies by type of industry but is somewhere between 10 and 30%. 10% would manufacturing. 30% would be a restaurant. Most everything else would be around 15%. Likely the businesses that would see the largest increases are those that can't be outsourced easily. The ones that are already paying well above minimum wage. Difference between a business owner and an economics professor is the later writes equations down to describe how he thinks thinks business should work. And then blathers about hedonistic adjustments. A business owner stares at his books every week and thinks 'my problem is my customers have no money' Really easy for a business owner or accountant to get that customers with more to spend outweighs small increase in payroll expenses. Business people I deal with are highly aware Macro issues. If you ask them what they think of things like minimum wages or other regulatory costs their usual concern is that their' particular entity doesn't suffer an unfair burden. Academic Economists know pretty much nothing of Macro. If a carbon tax will hurt the poor imagine what climate change is going to do to them. Personally I think poor people tend to be in this sort of budgetary Malthusian squeeze. If you raise the price of one thing then something else will have to give. Tax their gasoline more the end result is they'll buy 'less car' and have less money left over for rent. Since rents are likely the only other fungible cost that's where the money will ultimately come from. One of the things about C was: American Telephone and Telegraph Company was a regulated monopoly and prohibited from selling anything outside of the telephony business. So they developed C and Unix but couldn't sell either commercially. However they could allow universities to use both for free. Deal with C was one grad student could write a cross compiler in about 300 hours. And then you could use that to cross compile Unix and the compiler. End result a lot of CS students learned C in school. Other languages tended to be tied to a particular machine, cost money, or weren't really suitable (Fortran/p-system Pascal) for the stuff people wanted to do. Turns out though depending on the source sometimes they are using 70/30 HFCS. Difference between sugar and HFCS in the US is generally people add sugar themselves. And HFCS is added by the producer. Compare you putting a teaspoon of sugar in your coffee with the 10 teaspoons of HFCS in a can of coke. If you buy your coke at the quik mart it may also be HFCS 70/30 to boot. I'm a life long Californian. I dislike Prop 13 and it's evil sister Prop 58 which allows children to inherit their parents property tax break along with the property. AKA my dad has a house with an assessed property tax value of about $75k, when he dies and my sister inherits it, she'll also inherit the $75k property tax valuation as well. That said I don't think the current issues with housing in the bay area have much to do with Prop 13. It's why your schools suck. It's why the prices are high, because the carrying cost is 1% lower than you'd expect because property taxes are too low. Real issue is the deranged FIRE based economy we have. FIRE Finance, Insurance, REal estate. Combined with low growth and income inequality. Means you have a lot of money pouring into 'hot markets' like SF, Boston, Vancouver etc. Same time there is collusion between the people that sit on the boards of large companies to suppress wages. First paragraph: "The Heaviside step function in its discrete form is an example of a bang–bang control signal." Lutz. Personally I think the market price for housing tends to reflect carrying costs. Which is take what a home buy can afford subtract taxes and insurance and that's the mortgage payment. The price is how big of a loan that will buy. So the yin and the yang, lower property taxes and the housing prices rise to compensate. The only difference is property taxes tend to pay for stuff that makes your home intrinsically more valuable. Where your mortgage payment doesn't. (Probably used to before we had national/international banking, but not today) That was my argument back when they passed the thing (17 year old me argument). You can do either of two things. Either limit property tax increases on a retired persons primary residence. Or allow retired people accept a tax lien in lieu of taxes. I've taken to just telling my boss whether I think something is 'just work', 'tricky' or 'hard'. And about howm much of that he's asking for, Just Work: Means are the pieces are there to do whats wanted. Tricky: Means I need to create something from scratch or modify two or more modules. Hard: Anything to do with timing, interrupts, or that involves re-organizing swaths of unrelated code. Hard2: I have to learn a new language, frame-work, microprocessor, etc. What I think is interesting is Intel is adding bounds checking registers to their processors. That should eliminate a lot of the issues people complain about. (Except your programs foot print will be larger due to needing to manage bounds information https://gcc.gnu.org/wiki/Intel%20MPX%20support%20in%20the%20... You have no idea. The people that pull the strings in the tech industry all know each other, and meet regularly coordinate 'business' See this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interlocking_directorate Also play with this http://www.theyrule.net/ I've noted as employee power has collapsed over the last 30-40 years that workers who still had some sort of market power would look down on those that had lost theirs and used such as a status marker. And then that became an impediment to action. Why would I work to give losers the same status as I have? You can also see this with doctors. For decades they thought their position was secure. Unlike nurses they never unionized, as such was beneath them. Now they find themselves being treated badly. And they are angry and confused. I'm fairly tolerant of bad/odd grammar. ?usually when reading something with crummy grammar all I feel is impression of sloppiness. The way I look at it is, if you're a one man shop. Link your arms and make a circle, that's the biggest income stream you can capture. Now take ten people and have them join hands to form a circle and that's the biggest income stream they can capture. Obvious a small group can capture much large income stream per person than one guy by himself. Difficulty, keeping them all holding hands in a circle. You by yourself also have the problem that the stream you're trying to manage is often too big, or too small. Too big you can't keep up with it and burn out. Too small you starve. One advantage of having been a consultant is your bosses can smell it on you. They treat you differently. Also the mean can be computed easily by a lady with an adding machine. And when all you have are adding machines you can trivially parallelize calculating the mean. Not sure how you'd do that with the median. Aiiiigghhh! When I was 8 years old Jimmy Hendrix was still alive. I don't really see the problem either. A lot of this stuff I see seems to be centered around stuff that 'trips up beginners' What I would like would be a way to portably create a stack frame and pass it around as an object and then call a function with it. Problem is you end up like python where writing tooling is hard/impossible because the syntax doesn't have enough redundancy. I look at python and get the feeling the guy tried to make it work with just indenting, and then had to punt and add colons. You are not alone in that. A lot of the annoying stuff in C could be fixed going down that path. MACRO's There are probably cases where the company does not sue though. I do remember a case where a long time employee of sears designed and patented a novel and useful ratchet wrench. Hazy memory but he tried to sell it to sears. Sears instead claimed they owned it, and the court said nope. I often get crap when I mention most of the time execution speed is just not important. However it is important vastly more important for google than me or you. Simply because google and a lot of other web companies are running on such tight margins. Consider my company is paying maybe $200/mo for AWS. When we are doing half a million a month in business. Each cpu cycle for us represents a lot more revenue for us than google is making. The flip side is programmer time matters a lot more to you and me than to google. This is also a classic https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7IgF6_jVaj8 > the billions of dollars he has wouldn't exist It's definitely true. No bill gates, no Microsoft. No word processors, no spread sheets, no Microsoft access. No desk top operating systems. No compilers, no IDE's. No internet. Would have been terrible loss for humanity if the man had gotten hit by a truck in 1975. Only significant if you ignore 1933 to 1978. Otherwise it's mediocre. If you're a working class family it's dismal. You achieved no increase in wealth between 1980 and 2000. And then lost ground in real terms since 2000. One of the things that happened in the war was the government effectively erased private debt in the US. And took on a like amount onto it's books. And it raised top rate income taxes sky high and kept them there for decades. That's the period of high growth. Not sure that is true, the large generators don't use permanent magnets. Old school generators used a small DC motor with permanent magnets to power the field windings. However I think the generators in large wind turbines use an inverter to proved power to the field windings. (So that they can account for small mismatches between the line frequency and shaft speed) The interesting thing is the EROEI (energy returned on energy invested) for oil and gas has been falling for a century. I remember reading somewhere a claim that historical EROEI for crude oil. Year EROEI 1920 125 1970 30 2010 15 Things like tar sands are less than 10. If you run the numbers pumped heat storage can likely do the job of time shifting electric power from daylight hours to night time. The pricing structure will flip though, electricity at night costing probably 2-3 times peek daytime rates. One would expect industrial users would adjust and avoid using power at night[1]. That would reduce demand. [1] Think of a mini-mill (steel) that currently runs its electric furnaces at night when rates are cheap. If rates are cheaper in the day they'll switch to daytime operation. Everything I've read about tar sands leads me to propose, 'yeah lets just not do that' That's a good example of where orthodox economics breaks down; Money doesn't substitute for a quiet garden. > Value Deflation. When enough of the worlds billionaires and other powerful riffraff get spooked by climate change, you'll see carbon taxes imposed. And countries like China and India will simply phase out burning coal. Wind actually provides power at night. Currently at night wind has to compete against cheap base load power which tends to be subsidized. If coal and nuclear plants are phased out the economics of wind is very attractive. You are correct integrated mills use blast furnaces and thus can't stop. However Mini mills are secondary producers. They process scrap into finished steel. Since they use electric furnaces they can start and stop production. My take is Intel doesn't really understand markets where they need to fight for market share. They invest in something, it doesn't become a large profit business in a few years so they kill it. Customers see this and passively/actively avoid Intel products when possible. Passive avoidance: Customer doesn't even think to consider what products Intel is offering. Active avoidance: Tries not to spec Intel products when possible. The internal politics part comes from this scenario. Say someone makes a good proposal, spend $20 million. In return a get product line worth 100 million yr gross and $40 million net. Manager thinks, $100 million a year isn't going to get me a VP position at a $50 billion dollar company. Friend of mine worked at Apple in the period between Jobs 1.0 and Jobs 2.0. He described an environment of management 'wolf packs' slowly destroying everything. Stuff like this, guy gets promoted as a manger of a group. Proceeds to force out current employees and replace them with his associates. Then abuse the review process to boost one of those to a higher position in the company. Playing the game right they all move up in 18 to 24 months. All fun and good except the groups they pass through are trashed in the process. I'm reminded of sitting first day in class, English 101. The teacher said 'I won't accept late work in this class' And I'm like fair enough. Then she added 'because when you get out into the real world your boss won't accept late work' And the other students are nodding their heads while I'm trying hard not to snort coke out my nose. The difference between me, the other students and the teacher was I'd had been working at technical job through school. In the real world crap's late all the time. Meeting the deadline involves jettisoning requirements like the sailors in a stricken ship tossing valuable cargo over side. You know your wife is an adult. And school actually is the real world. Grad school is often harder, you don't have a boss. You don't have tasks that are neatly sectioned. Work places tend to be organized to psychologically pressure you into getting stuff done. Self motivation is a big factor in being successful in school. Lot of students don't get that though. And the potential transition out of school seems scary. So they punt. Friend said he and his wife joked about being peeved that their PhD's didn't come with the line 'Successfully completed without resort to psychotherapy or drugs' I think it's okay when dealing with input from hairless monkeys. That people just aren't particularly consistent is part of the problem domain. Not so okay when dealing with input created by programs. And as you said totally not okay when dealing with protocols, encryption, and authentication. See padding attacks. I know they are C99 but I swear I was using stdint or something like it circa 1996 > we have some hardware that requires 800mA at peak to run. Even many 1A USB supplies I've been doing this for 30 years now. My rule is. Power supplies? Derate by 50% or you will be sorry. That power IC that says it's good for 1.2A? Yeah read that as 600ma. Capacitors are the same way, rated for 16 volts? Try 10 volts. If you look at capacitors specs you'll often see MTBF at rated voltage and temperature of 2000 hours which is three months. The problem with low density housing is you then need to drive a long way to get to someplace that isn't just more tract-housing. I saw this a few years ago, what's interesting is the high variation in density, from 4 units per acre to over 300. A density variation of 75 to 1. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUvR9QNAzvc I tend to think that cost of a house is the carrying costs, mortgages, interest, maintenance, taxes. In a built up area, carrying costs are determined by what the local economy will support. Reducing property taxes just drives up the price and thus mortgage payments. Difference is property taxes tend to pay for local services and infrastructure that increase the real value of a home. Where mortgage and interest paid flee to places elsewhere. What I remember from driving class was that the risk factors change depending on urban, suburban, rural. In urban areas car vs pedestrian accidents are common. Accidents involving cars as you said are typically low speed accidents. In Rural areas the opposite is true. High speed car vs car and car vs tree accidents are most common. Though bigger doesn't equal safer. I remember someone else pointing out that large vehicles don't increase safety overall, they decrease it. If you consider two large trucks hitting each other is typically worse than two smaller passenger vehicles doing the same. It's only large truck vs small car that is slightly safer. Less than one might think because large vehicles tend to roll over more often. I like how you got down voted for reporting your first hand knowledge. I used to deal with a guy in the oil business. Reselling valves pumps and misc plumbing. Nothing in that business is cheap. Just remembered, Shell? did a drilling project few years ago in northern Canada. Spent $2 billion to drill deep wells into what looked like a large reservoir of oil and it was dry. And that wasn't $2 billion in paper funny money, that was $2 billion spent on stuff. I seem to remember that in the 1950's the US tried to design unitary multi-role fighter and it failed. I get hammered every time I mention this, but what happens when a primate type overflows should be handled by the type system. IE, by default overflow checked and is an error. But you can declare a type with something like twos_complement. And the compiler will implement the expected behavior. Or if you want no you can disable overflow checks. This stuff really should not be global behavior. Because 90% of the time the cost of overflow checks is nil so you should do them. Hazy Memory, you're correct. 60's not 50's. The F-111 had major teething problems and the carrier based version was abandoned. An idea that carries some weight (heh) with me is that your weight consists of four 'compartments' Skeletal: Hard to argue that more skeletal mass is 'bad' Muscle: Also hard to argue more is bad Subcutaneous Fat: This is what people don't like. Visceral Fat: This is the stuff that kills you. If you're judging the progress of your cunning diet and exercise plan using a bathroom scale, you're going to be disappointed because muscle/skeletal mass increases. You learned half the lesson. The other half is the over-class will force the government to do whatever is needed to keep them from going bust. My dad claimed that the biggest mistake he made financially was when Chrysler was going bankrupt in in the early eighties. He knew that it was politically impossible for the government to let Chrysler fail. However my dad didn't follow through and sock the 100k he had into Chrysler stock. I did the same thing. I knew in January 2009 that the slide in financial stocks was over. Should have put half into Goldman Sacks half into JP Morgan. The Fed wasn't going to let Goldman Sacks and JP Morgan fail. Chrysler was 1979, GM was 2008 totally different political economic climate. In 1979 ordinary businesses and unions had a huge amount of political clout. And Chrysler wasn't an ordinary business. By 2008 only Wall Street investment banks had that clout. That's because under neo-liberalism the profits from the real economy are funneled through the investment house. Letting them go under means the spigot gets turned off. Some guys I worked with got a mixed signal IC back and the inductors were off. I don't know if it was a true bug[1] but the proprietary software used to layout the inductors was giving values about 50% too large. Which meant the inductors values were about 33% too small. [1] The inductors were small spirals laid out on the top metalization layer. I assume finite element analysis of those involves a lot of magic. The little I know about RF circuits and inductors is that within 10% is usually fine. Off by 30% though means your RF circuit isn't centered anymore. With the IC mentioned the RF receive path was hosed. The guy that did the inductor design also had the issue that a simulation took about 8 hours. In their case once they knew how far off the inductors were with the process being used they were able to adjust the target inductance and then do a re-layout (couple of 80 hours weeks, and another full set of masks, no problem). I think part of the problem was that for the previous geometry and design frequency 1GHZ they were using their tool gave good results. New geometry and 2.4GHZ and it was wrong. No way to test either. > I don't understand why 'i' has been given a pass. The reason is that in FORTRAN variables starting with i, j, k..n were defined as integers. Back in the day I learned fortran first, then basic. People that learned basic first often would use the letter 'a' as a loop index instead of 'i' Now days I still use 'i' but often use indx instead because my editor doesn't highlight single letter variables easily. I was thinking, the problem that your new hire can't code, is the least of your worries. Difficulty we're drifting back into a world were there is only one hand. The efficiency of pumped heat electrical storage is a little worse than pumped hydro. Short description you use use a compressor to compress and heat gas. Use the hot compressed gas to heat rocks. Later recover the energy using a turbine. The advantages over pumped hydro are, The power density is much higher, 100000 joules/kg vs 300-500 joules/kg. You can locate storage facilities pretty much anywhere that's out of shrapnel range. In case the big tank of gas and rocks blows up. Doesn't have the environmental impact of dams. And rocks are significantly less precious than huge amounts of water. > Is all of this ex-subsidies? Also ask what price point would be needed to scale back CO2 emissions to something sustainable. Then run the economic analyses. Every doubling of production tends to result in a percentage decrease in cost. I see numbers for batteries and other technologies of 15-25% Probably costs $3000/mo for a driver. $2000/mo capital costs. Ditch the driver and increase the miles traveled from 10,000 to 20,000 miles. Monthly costs, Capital $2000 $2500 Driver $3000 --- Fuel $5000 $10000 Total $10000 $12500 Miles 10000 20000 $/mile $1.00 $0.63 Cost reduction of 37% I remember a tidbit that shows the nature of the problem. Was an old standard bus interface (forget which) You have huge edge connectors with 32 bits of address, 32 bits of data, control lines, interrupt lines, power etc. Later two unused pins were repurposed as a balanced bi-directional serial bus. Which could move data faster than the normal memory bus. That the problem with the parallel port in a nutshell. Parallel port uses single ended ttl logic to move data. USB port or Ethernet uses a balanced twisted pair, with an impedance matched driver and it's faster. I remember some Russians that worked at Chernobyl commenting that the radiation exposure had other negative health effects besides cancer. > What is that supposed to mean? God took a big huff of DMT out of the celestial crack pipe? I'm betting anyone with the ability to attack that has a lot to lose and better things to do. > What would a U.S. President with fascistic tendencies do with this kind of power over people's liberty? We're about to find out. I remember maybe fifteen years ago seeing a crude animation of the surface temperature around the globe in the hours after the impact. The material ejected from the crater reenters to atmosphere and fries everything under it. Another comment I read from a geologist is you see lots of periods where various animals go extinct. But in this case whole clades of plants went extinct. That you don't see. One argument I read is that when you take profits from the food industry and subtract health care costs due to industrial diets we're (just the US) 1.4 trillion a year in the red. I read this as, humans with 8-24 years of western education forced on them tend to think this way. One things that I've found enlightening is when you have an IDE that allows you to step through mixed source and assembly. You can see your data being slopped around and processed. (int a = 10; becomes ld R4,10) Far as I get Microsoft is a C++ shop which is why they didn't care about C after 89. For embedded stuff, my memory is hazy but I think much of what became C99 was available a number of years before the standard was released. Any event, 1999 was 17 years ago. I do that all the time, packets come in, packets go out. They have headers and 'data'. A lot of code that deals with the header information does not need to know anything about the data part. That's grossly misleading. The first problem with it, is it assume that coal fired plants release their fly ash up the stocks, they don't, not anymore. The second problem with it is the radio isotopes are Uranium and Thorium which as far as these things go are a nothing burger. AKA they are very weakly radioactive and they don't bio-accumulate. Third problem with it is fly ash is about as radio-active as plain dirt. Because dirt also has similar levels of thorium and uranium in it. > the average person would be more exposed to radioactivity from walking by fly ash (in a pond, in a pile, in the air, wherever it is) than from shielded waste. This is wrong because your shielding is radioactive. Concrete is radio active, dirt is radio active, fly ash is radio active. Your granite counter top is radio active. Fly ash sitting in a landfill has zero radio-logical hazard. Because there isn't anything about it that will increase the local back ground radiation level. And because the radio-isotopes have a zero risk profile. That same cannot be said for nuclear waste. That is why the original statement is grossly misleading. And why it pops up again and again like bad penny. The other thing about combined cycle plants is they are cheap. A big worry for anyone building a power plant is the long term economics, especially capital costs. Obviously you want the plant to run profitably long enough to pay off the bonds. For Combined cycle low capital costs means the financial risk involved is much lower. Much more likely it'll pay off the capital costs. After that if the economics get dodgy it can be run intermittently or mothballed. IE, the utility isn't stuck paying off bonds on a plant that is shut down. Flip side is coal fired plants have higher capital costs, longer payback and high financial risk. If carbon taxes make your plant uneconomic to run before the capital costs are paid off, the owners take a bath. (Nuclear and solar plants have the same issues, very high initial capital costs) Definitely natural gas is cheaper. And also world leaders are starting to get spooked by global warming. Fear trumps banal economics. A person that thinks compilers should optimize atomics? I wonder though, I've seen comments off and on that Germany's windmills producing more power than demand late at night. You could consider each electric car as grid connected battery. I get the feeling Germany's leaders have a long standing dislike of oil imports. Which causes them to want to look the other way when it comes to diesels. Flip side replacing 30 million oil fueled cars with 30 million electric cars + 50,000 Windmills is also attractive. I've come to the opinion that warrants are simply there to provide an audit trail. The executive branch needs to provide a record of what it's up to to the Judicial branch. If you think in terms of that, current attempts by the executive branch to spy on people without warrants is extremely alarming. You have to ask, why exactly do they have a problem with informing the Judicial branch what they are doing? Would have made more sense for the government to collect the inventory of clunkers and then auction them off in batches once new car sales recovered. Also amusing, okay sort of horrifying, was panicked calls as the housing bubble popped by erstwhile free market types for the government to buy up and bulldoze 'excess housing inventory' I'm pretty sure they have me set to ignore. (Threat Class: Nerd. Threat Level: 1/5. Threat Target: Probable Self) On the other hand I have a machine for messing around on the internet. And a machine for work. And a machine I do things like banking and taxes on. > For example, if you're a small startup, target executives at Google so they can make you into Google. That is a warning in Robert Townsend's book 'Up the Organization'. He mentioned small corporations didn't become large corporations by acting like them. Beware of hiring enterprise level managers. Sometimes I think this is even true for larger companies, See Atari post acquisition,Apple post Jobs 1.0. And Microsoft Ballmer era. Answering a question, why the decline in rents 1950-1960? Far as I know during WWII the population of the city swelled due to war time industry. After the war people moved to newly created suburbs in Santa Clara and the Peninsula. I'm unsure but I think my grandparents moved to SF during the 1939-1940 WWII preseason. And by the late forties had moved away. Herb Caens books on San Francisco are good read. Some reference here. A lot of the issues facing the city haven't changed as much as people think. http://www.sfchronicle.com/bayarea/place/article/Problems-He... I've seen a lot of 'looks promising... can't make work or can't make economic' technologies over the years. Just the nature of the business. I'd hate for companies to stop trying tho. Technologies that seek to displace another older technology often have a long road ahead. Because no green field, the economics and performance has to beat the established technology before anything sees anything but niche applications. I think it took ten years for NAND flash to start seriously chewing into the mass storage market I'm always shocked that there is no auditing going on at all. If a lab isn't blind audited periodically how can the 'evidence' be considered admissible? When I've mentioned what you propose to other programmer I always get baleful looks and a statement that, 'that's not how C is supposed to work'. Mention bounds checking, same thing. I used to think it was hopeless, especially as each new language that came out required garbage collection or worse targeted the JVM. Perhaps cloud services will motivate people to fix this stuff since now computing costs are a hard line item on the books. Exactly. Also there is the learning curve, as you scale up your unit cost drops. Would not be out of line to assume going from 100k units to 1M units for your unit cost to drop 30%. So $50/unit becomes $35/unit. $100M revenue - ($35M + $10M) ==> $55M profit. I think it's established that exposure to certain pesticides seems to up the risk of Parkinson. I remember a friend made a good point once, there is arguing for truth like a scientist, and there is arguing for truth like a lawyer. I think that's sodium-sulfur batteries. There is work being done on sodium ion batteries. And also aluminum ion batteries. In thoery these are both similar to lithium ion batteries. In practice figuring out how to produce high quality ion batteries is not easy. Some fusion designs in theory would burn deuterium-tritium. Typical way to produce tritium is from lithium. When lithium absorbs a neutron it fissions into tritium + helium. Potential designs for fusion reactors then have a way of exposing lithium to the neutron flux from the reactor. My observation that tends to annoy people is to point out that the best place to store spent nuclear fuel is inside the original fuel rods. The best place to store those is next to the nuclear reactor. The objection seems to center around reprocessing. Course the longer you wait before reprocessing the less radio isotopes you have to worry about. A friend of mine mentioned that they hired a COBOl guy last month. They needed someone to work on the COBOL side of things because they are doing a big rewrite. (The legacy COBOL code outlived the stuff that was supposed to eventually replace it) I had an acquaintance named Mike Smith, he was black. Black men get pulled over a lot. When your name is Mike Smith every stop is a felony stop. When he married he appended his wife's last name to his own. Or the issue that often the real costs aren't on the companies balance sheet at all. The cost of type II diabetes notably does not show up on food industries balance sheet. Just like the cost of smoking didn't show up in the tobacco companies balance sheets. I think one potential advantage is that turbofan bypass ratios are topping out due to the dimensions of the fans needed. A hybrid system would allow you have multiple fans per engine and also reroute power in case an engine failed. I think turbofans also have issues with the difference between the rotational speed that is optimum for the turbine and that for the fans. Hybrid design would allow one to decouple the two. Since there is only one and only one Mike Whateversmith, the cops couldn't confuse him for someone else. This is also why high speed cams are not circular. Compartmentalizing workers from each other and from customers is a means of control. Specifically management is trying to make sure that their developers do not get exposure to internal or external groups that may try to hire them away. Or give them a job if they get fired or laid off. Consider Case A: Customer knows you well understands you are competent. If you want to leave or are laid off that customer might eityher hire you or know someone who does. Or at least will give you a solid reference. Compare with. Case B: Customers and others only know you through your boss. If the compiler writers union decides that the spec allows for 'format hard drive off on signed overflow' we can always change the spec to 'don't format hard drive on signed overflow' People downvote stuff when they dislike the implications of something even if it's true, actually especially if it's true. As to your point, a friend of mine has an electric motorcycle. He said that it's silent is scary because in traffic cars don't notice he's there. He has to always be on guard for people merging into his lane. That's what they do for some electric cars. I think most of the cost of local roads is paid for from regular taxes. Not to mention that the capital and maintenance cost of roads depends very heavily on the weight of the vehicles using it. cough trucks cough Freeways are very expensive because the DOT requires them to be able to carry commercial trucks[1]. [1] Santa Clara country, paid to extend HWY85 out of their own pocket and as a result, trucks are banned. Last time I drove it, it was still seemed in good shape after mumble twenty years. Compare with HWY880 though Oakland CA. Always being worked on, always broken up. I don't even know how to respond to this politely. Just remembered, back in the late 90's went to a board house for some reason and one of their techs was in the middle of recreating gerbers for a PCB off a xerox of the top and bottom side of the PCB. One issue is that the manufacturer often has to convert the part drawing to a set of drawings for the tooling. That means they need to adapt the dimensions to their particular processes. In the case of a DB-19 the company likely has a cad drawing of a similar part they can adjust. I'll throw my $0.02 in here, I think the issue with lithium is price spikes due to production capacity not keeping up with demand. Well 'the internet' says a Tesla Model S battery contains about 11.7 kg or 14.2 kg of lithium. Currently lithium carbonate is $6500/ton. Molar mass is ~74 which is 14/74 = 19% percent lithium. So I'd assume it costs $30/kg $35/kg X 12kg -> $420 On the other hand the Nissan Leaf contains 4kg or $140 worth. I'm pretty sure a sustainable increase demand will bring more lithium onto the market. Among the friends I knew the body count is Prescription Drugs: 2 Alcohol: 3 Heroin: 0 Methamphetamine: 0 Cannabis: 0 Two people I know. Their brothers both died from Oxycontin(tm). Specifically pulmonary talcosis. You get pulmonary talcosis from the talc government made the manufacturer add specifically to kill junkies. Two things about the Prius are the motors are brushless dc motors and the transmission is (far as I know) a fixed gear planetary drive. Both are very reliable well understood technologies. Prius also gets a double bonus in that Toyota is oriented around selling low cost of ownership cars; higher upfront cost offset by lower maintenance costs and higher resale value. And because the Prius was their first hybrid vehicle they put extra effort to nail down the design. Fairly well. I could be wrong but I believe during the big 2008 downturn people stopped buying cars, yet of course GM needed to keep paying off their capital expenses. So they had a classic cash flow problem. Now sales are normative like you'd expect. Might be a silver lining in that the crisis likely motivated management to make improvements[1]. Although I'm under the impression that their fiance division GMAC took big loses. The standard wikepidia link seems to say GM divested before the big crisis hit. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ally_Financial [1] Japanese auto companies tend to compete on quality and TCO. GM seemed stuck forever competing on sales price/brand loyalty. Yeah. What I though was neat about the Hybrid Synergy drive is how they use the strength of each component to compensate for the weakness of the others. Atkinson drive: very efficient, but over a narrow speed and output range. Mechanical gear train: Inefficiencies in the high nineties. But gear ratios are fixed. Electric drive train: Not as efficient as a mechanical gear trains, but is efficient over a very wide speed range. Add those up and you have a high efficiency mechanical power path through the planetary gear. And you use the electric power path to divert enough power from the engine to keep it running at it's most efficient. Because you have the electric power path you can cycle energy to and from the battery. Which gives you regenerative breaking, and allows you to stop the engine completely when you don't need power. Genius! I was also wondering about two things I've heard they have in northern climes called heated garages and engine block warmers[1]. I assume if one were charging a batter one could also divert some power to keep it warm. Lowered range aside one bonus of an electric car in cold climates is they'll probably start. [1] As a Californian these things frighten and confuse me. That made me remember the last time I read of some guys trying to reach the north pole. They almost died because the sea ice they were on broke up. Kinda conundrum there, you want good thermal coupling to the environment to shed heat when the batteries are charging. When the car is sitting in the cold you want the batteries insulated. And soon you won't have big daddy coal to kick around anymore. I think I saw a heat map that showed the CO2 footprint of electric cars based on location. Here is one, there is a huge variation between states. http://blog.wegowise.com/2012-06-26-your-cars-carbon-footpri... The CO2 contribution from electricity is going to get better not worse, especially in states like California. California is hell bent to get off fossil fuels. Whack realization of the day for me at least. Epicycles --> Taylor series. I sort of worry a little bit that the guidelines are too strict for everyday code. goto's are useful for error escape paths. I've seen rather convoluted control flow done where breaking down and using a couple of goto's would make things clean and understandable. Function pointers are immensely useful. Variadic macros are useful for implementing optional debugging statements. As in PRINTF(format, args...); I think the thing is that the problems people are still using C to solve for are a different than the ones where people are using C++, Java, C#. Meaning if C++ was a better option then people would have switched to using C++ two decades ago. Yet C has historical deficiencies that could be fixed by smallish mostly painless extensions to the language. I think the TSA's primary job is that of a common door lock. Door locks aren't designed to stop everyone, they are designed to dissuade amateur and opportunistic thieves. The old TSA did a fairly good job of dissuading your average nutter from trying to hijack aircraft. What we are asking the TSA to do is stop people who are trained and sponsored by states or quasi state actors. Instead of asking the TSA to stop these people we need to go after their handlers, even if they are members of our own clandestine agencies. I think the assumption is that the paths taken are almost identical because the distance to the source is vastly longer than the distance between the detectors. Something like a lever action Winchester Model 94 is a 'non assault' rifle. http://www.winchesterguns.com/products/rifles/model-94/model... My impression is generally assault rifles tend to be lighter, shorter and generally less accurate than say a typical hunting rifle. (Rifles types tend to blend into each other the same way different types of hammers do) Usually it's neutron radiation that makes things radioactive[1]. Really energetic particles can do the same[2]. But the positron emission from Flourine-18 I don't think has enough energy to do that. [1] Being neutral particles they can easily be absorbed by the nucleus of whatever. Adding an extra neutron may result in an unstable nucleolus. [2] Friend that worked at SLAC (big linear accelerator) gave us a tour and mentioned the block of aluminum they use to backstop the beam. He said it gets slightly radioactive. http://www.slac.stanford.edu/pubs/slacpubs/1250/slac-pub-140... It's potentially a real issue, if the F-35 consumes too much of the Marines budget they won't have money for the stuff they do need. Think NASA with the space shuttle. Problem currently (Iraq and Syria) is the Air Force is being only able to run limited sorties against a large number of small targets like pickup trucks with 20mm cannons on the back. F-35 has 180-220 rounds, that's it. Couple of things, there are just more and more devices that have high frequency electronics. So increasingly we're surrounded by a sea of radiators. A problem with all transmitters is they produce out of band signals. Mostly harmonics, but also lesser amounts of other frequencies. And another issue is that receivers only have limited ability to reject out of band signals. A strong out of band signal will reduce your receivers sensitivity. (Difficulty, out of band rejection comes at the expense of ultimate sensitivity, pick your poison) The problem then is that the amount of energy needed to raise the noise floor is tiny, minuscule. And we have all these devices that all add a tiny amount each, which then adds up to something. If you raise the noise floor a few db it matters a lot, because following reason. Consider this, if you double the distance from the transmitter, the signal strength drops by ~6db. So if interference reduces your receivers sensitivity from -120db to -114db it cuts the effective range in _half_[1]. [1] It's not quite half because in the real world you have air, trees, and buildings in the way which means your signal drops off faster than the inverse square. Instead the exponent is more like 2.5(outside) to 3.5(inside) I have no direct experience with power supplies radiating, except to note that switching frequencies are up significantly, from 20khz twenty years ago to 500khz to 2MHZ today. The AM band is something like 700khz to 1.4MHZ. Higher switching frequencies and the push for higher efficiency[1] also means very fast switch times, on the order of 20-100ns. High speed signals like that contain very strong harmonics which will leak out. [1] Old guy mentioned to me what you care about is not the efficiency, but the inefficiency. Because that's directly related to heat. Going tom 90% efficient to 95% efficient, who cares! Except you reduced the amount of heat you need to dissipate by half from 10% to 5%. Success is based on market presence, knowing what you are doing, ability, and luck (and other things). With a lot of developers, many of them failing, the threshold of success is really high. That tends to say to me, avoid. There is also the problem of other people engaging in the sunk cost fallacy. If your competitors keep throwing good money after bad that tends thrash your business as well. Problem because there is always a greater fool with more money than you. I think the public political issue is about 'gun rights vs fear' The actual issue is over the right of the gun manufacturers to increase their sales by 5-10% per year as required by neoliberal economic policy. Thus the fight is limited to 'fancy' assault rifles which are a relatively small percentage of gun sales. Vs handguns which are a large and growing percentage. True there is a huge potential for growth in the battery market, the electric car market is likely to grow 10X in five to ten years. From 1% to 10% of total cars produced. If Tesla is profitable with the factory in Nevada, then they are setup to build more factories in other locations as well. Quick estimation, 10 million electric cars per year, $5000 per car in batteries, $50 billion annual sales. Also the Tesla Model 3 at $35k (before tax incentives, etc) is barely in luxury vehicle category. Some investors are going to make utter bank on the panic.