So says a person posting to news.ycombinator.com! Go back to Usenet. I'm not a ruby programmer and it's not immediately obvious what the result would be. I know a pretty large number of languages to the point where, unless it's LISP, I can look at code in any language and have some idea of what it does. When a languages gets "so cool" that it's cryptic than I no longer see the benefit. Only 0.001% of startups (and I'm being generous) need the sort of power being discussed here. The reason "a scalable database" doesn't exist is because there isn't a big enough market for one. I have no doubt we'll hear more about this in coming months, not because of any specific need, but because it's the latest fad. Your list of features has nothing to do with getting things done. They are almost completely academic. MySQL. Easy to setup replication and good tool support. For the last 8 years, I've been developing LAMP projects on Windows and deploying on Linux. I don't have any trouble with PHP extensions nor do I have to change any code to deploy on Linux. PHP. So in a year down the road, you won't have to make the switch to it like everyone else has. "OK, the DA is saying that. Not Hans. Hans is not saying he will tell them where he hid the body. The DA is trying to get the public on board with the sentence and so holding bogus announcements that he is negotiating for a reduced sentence in return for body location. This is a publicity stunt by the DA to fool the public with spin." http://www.crazyontap.com/topic.php?TopicId=36938#465360 Google's strategy is the same as Microsoft's -- and it certainly hasn't served Microsoft well in this space. Tables render better on mobile browser than pure CSS layouts. Mobile browsers are very smart about tables and almost always do the right thing. CSS is just too complex to get a good result when you need to scale down to a small screen. If you use tables, you don't have to avoid CSS. They compliment each other. I agree that nested tables are ugly, but they're also completely necessary now because of CSS. Using tables to render your main multi-column layout wouldn't require any nesting. Also, tables are more likely to render in different browsers (including mobile browsers) than a complex CSS layout. Given the number of CSS hacks and extra HTML tags in exactly the right order that is necessary for most column layouts the end result is almost always less complex with a table. Forms are tabular data -- headers on side, data on the other. Screen readers should have long adapted to that scenario. Exceptions are not meant to be handled where they occur, that's why they unroll the stack. For the most part, you can't recover from an exception -- you just abort whatever you're doing, print an error message, and let the user try something else. Checked exceptions cause developers to re-interpret the exceptions or just swallow them -- neither is a benefit. I've never downvoted a story before but this one deserved it; but now I can no longer downvote! I am sad. How the hell does this get upvoted to the #2 spot on hacker news? This is both dumb and not news. Ranting on magic_quotes_gpc has been done to death already. Now for some code: if (get_magic_quotes_gpc()) { array_stripslashes($_GET); array_stripslashes($_POST); array_stripslashes($_REQUEST); array_stripslashes($_COOKIE); } function array_stripslashes(array &$array) { foreach ($array as $key => &$value) { if (is_string($value)) $value = stripslashes($value); elseif (is_array($value)) array_stripslashes($value); } } Only programmers who don't regularly use PHP seem to be bothered to point this out. Why don't PHP programmers care? Because PHP is a weakly typed language that operates in an environment where most of the data comes in as strings. More often than not, the double equals does exactly what you intend it to do. Programmers who use the triple equals in PHP for all comparisons have entirely missed the point. I love boolean constants for assignments, but I think you've got a good point with regards to comparisons. Rarely, in real PHP code, do you see comparisons involving boolean constants. Most of the time, you just do this: if ($var) { dothis(); } if (!$var) { dothis(); } The constants are definitely adding to the confusion. However, only in these contrived examples does one compare numbers and strings with boolean constants. The type conversion is logical, it just looks funny. While I was not 100% enthused about the idea of having every application go through Apple's gatekeepers, I did think the concept had merit. Enforcing a little quality control could be a good thing; especially with the large number of users who've never owned a smartphone before. But the quality of approved applications isn't any better than what's available on the average Pocket PC software site. They're just rubber-stamping applications. Some applications have horrible engrish descriptions. Approved applications disappear and reappear depending on the whim this week. Updates to applications take forever. Apple has dropped the ball on almost everything related to iPhone apps, from the app store to the f king NDA. "The point being: strings and booleans are an overlapped type space." That's the problem. Because they overlap for comparisons, you can't tell an empty string apart from boolean false. It would be safer if it wasn't that way. But the function returning false is perfectly valid. It's not any different from returning null or some other value because it is distinct from a string. In PHP, like your Perl example, you could easily write "if (is_bool($str)) {...}" if you wanted to. It's not really any different. The problem is that you don't get an error if you go ahead and treat that boolean as an empty string. If the gatekeepers aren't keeping apps out of the store, then they're not offering a useful service for users or developers. Instead, all they're doing is preventing users from getting at applications they might want and preventing developers from getting their applications (and updates) out. If they'd have a better approval process, they wouldn't have to yank applications at all. It's one thing to simply not allow an application that nobody has ever seen and it's entirely another to make them just disappear after they've been bought. Which do you think is better for PR? "can you imagine the firestorm if Apple were to reject apps on the basis of the quality of their ad copy?" Firestorm? From who? Apple is vetting the applications, so I expect a higher quality experience. The ad copy might be written by the developer but it's part of the store. You don't expect bad ad copy on Amazon or Dell and you shouldn't expect it on Apple's store either. I'm expecting Apple to reject applications based on their quality. If users and developers have to jump through hoops, there should be a real tangible benefit. "We know they could do that if they wanted to, because they did so all last year..." How is Apple not allowing any 3rd party applications like how Sony runs the Playstation? "they were met by an army of jailbreakers and lots of complaints from developers and advanced users. So now Apple is trying something else." ...And they're still met with an army of jailbreakers and lots of complaints from developers and advanced users. What we have now is the worst the both worlds: a closed platform without any closed platform benefits. I'd be just as happy if they opened the whole thing up. Or providing a tighter app store while opening the whole thing up. And yes, they have enormous backlog but it's never going to go away because every update of every application also needs to go through the process. Every app that has been approved today will have to be approved again and again and again. Think back to how much of your western education was spent on completely pointless exercises... MySQL does have built-in measures to prevent this kind of disaster! They should have enabled binary logging and use that to make low impact backups. They also could have used replication (also built in) to avoid all these problems and have a hot backup. The only reason they retained the 'Gold Support Service' is because their own database administrators obviously had no idea what they were doing or how to use the software correctly. There are always companies that will make use of commercial support for FOSS but MySQL will probably never make any money from me. In its first full quarter of sales, the iPhone exceeded the marketshare of Microsoft's entire lineup of Windows Mobile smartphones in North America. That's HUGE. Despite Microsoft's massive head start, years of smartphones sold, they were overtaken in a single quarter. You could easily call that "total failure" without it being a huge hyperbole. The fact is, if you look at it in this abstract way then your feelings are valid. But during concrete web development, the functionality of PHP's comparison operators make a lot of sense and make the code simpler and easier to understand. On the web, all the data comes in as strings including numbers. So the comparisons work well the numbers in strings. The rest of the weirdness comes from PHP copying C and Perl semantics. It's completely open source. It wouldn't be hard to fork it and add in ad blocking. Google controls their own specific branded instance of Chrome but that's all. Hardly the stuff conspiracy theories are made of, though. Typical users aren't clever enough to be this stupid. XUL is worth it but not for XUL apps. The advantage of Firefox is in the huge body of add-ons. The vast majority of Firefox's add-ons are written in Javascript and XUL. They modify the UI. They add to the UI. They do an amazing level of customization and it's completely cross-platform! Chrome will never have the comprehensive add-on system that Firefox has specifically because it doesn't have something like XUL; instead it has those different native interfaces for each platform. Symbian is hell on developers. It is a platform, but it's not really used/marketed as a platform. But you can't ignore the ABCException, your app will crash. If you ignore the -1, then you're app will happily continue on doing something wrong. Encoding the name of the buyer in the MP3 is not DRM. It doesn't restrict your usage of the media in any way. If they do that, I fully support it. If course you could mirror all your resources locally and quickly switch over if Google were to go down. "writing your own high-level PHP inside PHP" If you're smart, like smarty, you'd compile your high-level PHP into PHP and then you're not doing a ton of pointless string operations. The best thing to do is convert all your PHP errors into exceptions: function errorToExceptionHandler($errNo, $errStr, $errFile, $errLine, $errContext) { if (error_reporting() == 0) return; throw new ErrorException($errStr, 0, $errNo, $errFile, $errLine); } set_error_handler('errorToExceptionHandler'); You get a complete stack trace and try/catch handling of errors. It will throw even for notices and warnings, but that's a good thing. Return-type errors force people using your code to also add error checking into their own applications at every call. It's an intrusive error handling method, and this is one of the reasons I don't use it. The clear advantages of exceptions over return-type error handling is: - Exceptions cannot be ignored, error codes are ignored by default . - Exceptions can (and do) contain significantly more information about the error. Stack traces are typical but since exceptions are objects they can contain any amount of extra information. Error codes are typically integers. Sometimes they're just negative integers. - Exceptions free-up the return of functions for useful results. You can call functions as parameters: readAll(OpenFile(GetFileName())). Pretty much any negative practice regarding exceptions apply equally to error codes. Batteries are probably safer enclosed in a unibody design than attached externally. This article includes the same false assumption of just about every other article on PHP: PHP is Easy I'm not sure how anyone can claim that a language which only exposes the underlying C API of all the included libraries could be considered easy . Does no one stop to think that the reason 99% of PHP code is bad is because the language is actually hard ? It's the C of scripting languages; it doesn't include a lot of fancy constructs or high-level abstractions. And, like C, that's what makes it powerful. I think confusion exists because PHP is extremely accessible . It's intimately connected with the web environment (more so, and less securely, in the past) making it quick to get started. But that has never made it easy. This article says "I think PHP is a great language for anyone to learn how to program with." So he clearly thinks PHP is easy rather than just merely accessible and I couldn't disagree with him more. PHP is a simple language, but that doesn't make it easy. PHP does give you enough rope to hang yourself, and unlike most other languages with a similar property (like C, C++, and Perl) PHP gets too much blame for that. I think Python is a far easier language. No $'s, much greater consistency, more available abstractions. You can pretty much handle most of the common complaints of PHP and build very large complex code bases, however, you have to put in the work. Other languages have that work already included. You can build projects that large and easy to maintain in PHP, but you won't find many examples of that in the community. You can organize your PHP5 code just like almost any project in Python, Java, or .NET. But you do have to write a lot of code that isn't necessary in those other languages because they already have it included (and it's the standard way to do it). I find most PHP code in the wild totally appalling. It's easy to blame the tool. I think I can explain the problem. I taught PHP for a semester at the college level to Web designers. I had 3 months (1 class a week) to get them from no programming experience at all to having a small web application (a contact list). Mostly they all managed to accomplish the task but obviously there's only time to cover the minimum functionality necessary. In that sense, PHP is easy. Now, here's the problem, absolutely nothing they learned is useful for building a reasonable-sized long-lasting web application. They didn't use any classes. They didn't use a template engine. They didn't use a database abstraction. They learned PHP but they didn't learn to use PHP to build real applications. So all that easiness of PHP is all wrong. If you want to do it right, it's not easy. "PHP is a kludge made of all sort of functions cluttering the only namespace there is" Yeah, how many namespaces does C have again? If you were to write a web application in C with all the same open source C libraries as are available for PHP, your only namespace in C would look almost identical. "While K&R clearly understood the value of separating language from library, PHP deliberately ignores this lesson" Ironically, this is exactly what made PHP successful. Everything is included in the box. It wouldn't have been half as successful without including every useful library they could find. "C has a lot of fancy constructs and high-level abstractions: you just have to point the right libraries to the compiler/linker." You're not going to get closures, classes, meta programming, etc, etc, from libraries in C. And guess what, PHP has libraries too! PHP is a crappy template engine. Inlining code into an HTML document requires a lot of discipline, a lot of code to write, and is error prone. Why not let software handle that task for you? You want to create more work for yourself? "No second templating engine can reduce complexting" Oh yeah, compare: with: {$firstName} Isn't that reduced complexity? And that's not even getting into other constructs. In my template language (based on smarty), a single {loop} tag expands to 10 lines of PHP code. Would you also claim that no programming language can ever reduce complexity over assembly language? Probably not. This is just the same thing. Compiling a higher level language into a lower level language. "PHP: " Bzzzt wrong. And this is why having a template engine might be a good thing. "PHP's loop: " It's at least to be correct and useful. And the template engine can inline the code (rather than call a loop() function) for better performance. All those correctly expanded PHP tags intermixed in the HTML makes the template harder to follow. You might want to type twice as much identical code for each output variable, but I don't want to do that. It is an advantage that it's cleaner and clearer. "You have full control on what your php.ini have." If you're writing, for example, an open source application or an application that is hosted by your customers (I have worked on both) you can't assume you have any control over the php.ini. The recommended php.ini file has short_open_tag disabled and having short_open_tag enabled makes it more difficult to use PHP to template XML files. It's not deprecated yet, but I wouldn't count on it sticking around forever. All my PHP software works irregardless of the php.ini settings and works across all platforms. If that's not a concern of yours, that's fine. We just have different requirements. " " You're making the assumption that my template constructs are just simple 1-to-1 mappings to PHP statements but that's not the case. My {loop} tag gives access the previous entry, whether or not the row is odd or even, whether or not it's the first and last entry, etc. It's a very powerful tag for the kind of common tasks that come up in a web application. But that's just one example, there's also tags for caching template blocks as well as tags for interactive controls. The level of complexity that's hidden behind a few simple tags is enormous -- which is entirely the point. I have lots of code which uses PHP itself for templates so I'm aware of the difference. I didn't start using templates, I started the other way and worked towards using templates because they make the job easier and quicker. "Here is an idea, better performace is gained by not loading the templating engine at all." For a compiling template engine, there's the initial cost of compiling the template when it's been changed but then there is very little additional cost. It generates a regular PHP file that's run just any other. Once the app has been running for a few minutes the template engine doesn't need to be loaded at all. "We can continue discussion without making attacks?" That wasn't an attack. I was making a point -- the template engine insulates you from all kinds of problems. If you forget to wrap some variable in your h() function, you might never even notice. However you've just opened yourself up to a cross-site scripting attack. And even if you never make mistakes ever, you might not be the only one working on it. It's a rather strange argument: Use the least popular language around to make the most money. He's probably right. When I was younger (and I'm not that old) I did a stint working in COBOL. And honestly, you couldn't pay me enough to do that day in and day out!! But those that can stand it and know how to do it are paid well and have reasonable job security. What about Canada, we officially use the metric system. Kids are taught metric, roads signs are in kilometers, temperature in Celsius, but almost no Canadian can tell your their own weight in kilograms or their height in meters! If the US ever went all the way metric, I think they'd still end up using all their legacy measurements for decades. Certainly the US letter paper size isn't going anywhere -- everything is designed for it. The chicken and the egg are both well established. As the owner of a semi-popular anonymous forum (with some moderation) I have no sympathy for these idiots. They are decent people caught being in a wild and crazy mob? How is that not contradictory. Flaming is ok, but calling for these women to be raped and so on is just disturbing and weird and anyone doing it is a bit far from a decent person in any context. "You might miss a lot of meaningful errors and get corrupted data, but at least the system keeps running, and that's the most you can hope for if your programmers are as crappy and lazy as the article describes." What? If I'm working with crappy programmers I don't want the system to keep going and corrupting data -- in the vast majority of cases, that's the worst possible result. Taking down the system with an nice error message and stack trace is a much much better. Crappy programmers, in the presence of checked exceptions, will handle exceptions with empty catch clauses (to prevent breaking anything) and there will be no way to find that error when it happens. Yeah, nothing is better than a whole lot of corrupt business data! It's so much better to have the system not crash than collect incorrect money amounts or send 10 million unpaid widgets out. When an exception occurs and the system goes down, you get a nice notification and a stack trace. From there you can actually go about fixing the problems created by those hordes of crappy Java programmers rather than just ignoring the problem and hope that nobody will notice. I'm looking for text, not video. I can't be bothered to watch something that I can read in a fraction of the time. I don't understand how youtube would be allowed but Hulu wouldn't. The real problem is that all the content is licensed regionally; Hulu has the rights to content in the US but not Canada. And we're probably just not worth the hassle. So much for the World Wide Web; I feel like it's getting more regional every day. From the talk: "Would you like to purchase one rocket launcher for $0.99?" Oh yeah, that sounds like fun. Clearly a great way to be nickle and dimed to death in every application and game. A lot of Firefox's bloat comes from the XUL interface. It's their cross-platform GUI which is written in XML and Javascript. It's what allows add-ons to reach in and modify some very deep elements of the browser. For example, I run the Tab Mix Plus extension which radically changes the operation of tabs. However, XUL and Javascript is a very heavy-weight way of doing things. Chrome and other browsers have a native UI. That is partially what makes Chrome a light-weight browser. It also means that the deep level of cross platform add-on's available for Firefox will not be possible for Chrome in it's current state. I've read the proposals for expanding Chrome extensions and it sounds like they want to go a similar route to XUL. It probably won't be as low-level because they'll want to keep their native UI code. That will help Chrome to provide some more complex plugins with their own UI but still won't allow for some of the more radical and interesting plugins available for Firefox. As as Canadian, I think there should be a market for this kind of thing. For Hulu, I wonder if using a proxy would be a major performance issue. Limiting content based on geography is terrible but you really can't get many people to care because American's get everything and they're the biggest market. I love using Google services: Search, Maps, Gmail, and so on but I've not seen any evidence that even have non-technical support staff. If you call, they can't direct you anywhere. It doesn't seem like a smart place to do business. It's a great list as long as your startup doesn't intend to ever make any money! No accountant, no business people, nothing of the sort? Speaking from experience, the business management side is very important if you want your venture to be successful (or take advantage of success when it comes). I can live with a lot of the crap. I understand the history and practicality of it. But the backslash for namespaces. That's just too much. There's no history for it. There's no good reason for it. It's just stupid and ugly. If someone forked PHP tomorrow and changed just that one thing for now I'd probably use the fork. The decision shows that PHP will not get better. Because the language already has :: copied from C++. But rather than continuing to use :: for both namespaces and static class access, exactly like it's done in C++, they added yet another operator. To solve a problem that doesn't exist. So rather than simplifying the language, they're making it more complicated (especially by choosing the escape character). It's just dumb. I'm not a Ruby programmer so I have a simple question: Is it common to request whether an object implements a particular method before you make any sort of call? That seems considerably more fussy than strong typing of interfaces or even the type-hinting of interfaces that PHP has. I can't help thinking a cleaner solution is the more traditional way: Create a subclass called NumberArray that can only hold numbers and has specific methods for operating on them. But I guess that might not be the "Ruby-way". I work as a consultant for a lot of medium sized businesses and none of them have any intention of moving away from XP anytime soon. However, that does not imply that they want to move to any other operating system. The main reason they don't want to move away from XP is the support and training costs. Moving to OS X or Linux would be even worse . All of these columnists miss the point -- OS X and Linux won't sell for exact same reason that Vista doesn't. The author seems to miss the point. This isn't like Apple emulating classic in OS X (or even PowerPC on Intel). This is Microsoft emulating one operating system from within another operating system where the compatibility between them is extremely high. You can take most well written XP applications and run them on Vista without a hitch and the situation will likely be better with Windows 7. So, if the operating systems are so compatible what's the point of XP mode? There's a huge body of badly written software designed for and test only on XP that are necessary for businesses. These businesses haven't just been hesitant to upgrade to Vista, they aren't even considering it. If it doesn't run their app, there's no point. XP Mode is a way to coax them into upgrading by giving them an option to run their old crappy software on this new OS. That is all. You're not supposed to be using XP mode to run games, so it's lack of GPU support doesn't matter. You're not supposed to be using it to interact with all sorts of devices. That's what the host operating system, Windows 7, is for. If you're going to virtualize everything in XP, you might as well just be running XP. This doesn't seem to jive with the generally accepted reasoning for the 160 character limit. From Wikipedia: The key idea for SMS was to use this telephony-optimized system and to transport messages on the signalling paths needed to control the telephony traffic during time periods when no signaling traffic existed. In this way unused resources in the system could be used to transport messages without additional cost. However, it was necessary to limit the length of the messages to 128 bytes (later improved to 160 characters), so that the messages could fit into the existing signaling formats. Therefore the service was named "Short Message Service" Backing up MySQL's binary log is probably a better solution than doing periodic mysqldumps. Also the ordering of the inserts in the dump isn't likely to be deterministic, screwing up some of the benefit of this method. The web browser has very little to do with this problem; it is merely doing what the website has told it to do (or not to do). I run a small forum where clicking back and forth between forms without losing what you've typed is a very important feature. It works exactly the way this author wants in all browsers because the headers are set correctly. Similarly, I also work on a big web application where clicking the back button and getting stale information is bad. Again, the website sets the proper headers and the information is refreshed (if appropriate) or left alone (if appropriate). This is not a browser issue. The differences are likely caused by how different browsers implement (or don't implement) the standard. Cache control headers Most of the enhancements made in HTML over the last few decades would be impossible if browsers didn't render incorrect HTML. Even simple things, like having closed single tags ( vs. ) is only possible because old browsers are really forgiving. As far as I can tell, it's great for solving problems people don't actually have and probably creating problems they didn't imagine. The problem with languages where everything is possible syntactically is that everything is possible syntactically. You're no longer dealing with a language that everyone speaks and understands -- instead you have to learn to local dialect just to get started. If the programmer before you was a total git, you'll be in more trouble than if you'd use a more constrained language. This is why most languages after C++ have avoided operator overloading. There isn't enough utility for me to bother with OpenID. This should really be integrated into browsers rather than some crazy web service scheme. Say what you will about the big ball of mud that is the PHP function library, it is still useful. Sometimes just being able to call a simple function is refreshingly straight forward. "Good" API design these days seems to mean including the entire alphabet of OO design patterns. I'm particularly interested in the PHP date() function myself, since the date handling in Javascript is seriously insufficient. This is an arms race that Palm can win, though. If Apple finds a way to detect it, Palm can release an update to make it work again. At some point, Palm will end up with an implementation indistinguishable in every way from an existing iPod. If they've already done that, then the game is already over. If they haven't, it might take only one more iteration. I didn't bother to signup. Is there anyway to let people use the site without having an (immediate) signup? Cookies to hold some configuration? For example, Stackoverflow.com lets you contribute without signing in but then gives incentives to do so. > Am I the only one sypathetic to Google here? Google was in the right for terminating the account but they legitimately lost the first case. They did not provide evidence of why the account was terminated. Not to the author nor to the small claims court. So they lost and they deserved to lose, in my opinion. During the appeal, they finally provided that information and won. The issue isn't so much who was right or wrong but how terrible (or non-existent) Googles customer service is. They can't answer simple questions and if you've really been terminated unjustly, you have no way of knowing and they keep your money. How exactly do you rename a variable? Ironically, I just got the following message from Google: --/ snip /-- Hello, It has come to our attention that invalid clicks or impressions have been generated on your Google ads, posing a financial risk to our AdWords advertisers. Please note that any activity that may artificially inflate an advertiser's costs or a publisher's earnings is strictly prohibited by our program policies. We understand that you may want more information about the activity we detected. However, because we have a need to protect our proprietary detection systems, we're unable to provide our publishers with any details about their account activity, including any web pages or users that may have been involved. Thank you for your understanding. --/ snip /-- We run a fairly popular site that I'm not going to mention and we have a few AdSense banners in our forum. We aren't clicking on our own ads or doing anything else sneaky. So what are supposed to do about this? We can't change anything because we aren't doing anything. So next month will Google just cut us off? Frustrating to say the least. In the land of laptops, powering down is a lot less frequent. Vista's "power button" by default suspends. The hardware power button suspends. I suspect a lot of Windows users almost never reboot. coredumpster.com seems like the perfect domain for a parody of stackoverflow. Python must be developed by the makes-Linux-frozen-in-time team then. And don't even get me started on KDE! If you're not running Linux as God intended, from the command line and programming only in C, you are part of the problem. > Just because one is sandboxed and the other is not, does not mean that it's inherently more secure. Actually, that is actually what it means. Security is the reason for the sandbox and is an essential property of the native client. Sure, bugs could exist that defeat the protections but that can just as easily be said for any code. ActiveX is very different -- by design, there are no protections. However, I'm not sure I understand why the code has to be native -- A think Google could have built a C-compatible VM machine language that would be easier to validate and then just JIT that in the browser. They already need a patched GCC to compile the native code for the client. And a VM JIT could be ported to other platforms besides x86. Why does it have to be native? A JIT could handle SIMD if those instructions are included in the VM. I'm not thinking about a high-level VM like Java but something considerably more low-level. A machine language with the most important features of any modern CPU but without the ambiguities and trappings of any particular architecture. In NaCl, they're already restricting the code to a subset of x86 instructions, so it's not far off. And it doesn't even have to be JIT -- it could just be a compiler that translates from the verifiable VM code directly into x86 before anything is run. All architectures have opcodes for moving data, addition, multiplication, bit shifting, etc. They also all have a stack and registers. While the details are different (number of registers, for example), in general they all work the same. The genie is out of the bottle. I don't know who's paying $25.00 a game on their mobile phone -- but if they did it a year ago, they aren't going to do it now. Now that has Apple come along and changed the market, every user is going to compare the experience and price and decide that what came before was bullsh*t. You're basically saying that lawyers shouldn't take cases for murders, or anyone else morally suspect. But that completely defeats the purpose of having a justice system. It's not the lawyers fault that someone's life was ruined -- if you want to blame anyone, blame the jury. Or blame the politicians that made the laws in the first place. "Enclose the /element/ in matching delimiters" I don't understand this part? What is he proposing this looks like? Let google host it for you: http://code.google.com/apis/ajaxlibs/ Using Google's version also means that it will only be cached once between all the sites that use it. This is similar to what you're talking about with bundling it in the browser, You close your web browser? Edit: Was this downmodded by people who actually close their browser during the day? Those that don't should up-mod it. > "::" wouldn't work, because it's ambiguous at compile time. Why is "::" ambiguous at compile time? It seems to me something is rotten here. C++ using :: for both namespaces and static access of classes. Why didn't PHP go the same way? I never complain about the choice of operator, I complain about it's need to exist in the first place. :: would have done the job just fine, just as it does in C++, which is where they stole it from in the first place. It's a valid question. The browser is the gateway to most of the applications I use in a day. Closing it down would be like shutting down my computer whenever I step away from it. I don't disagree that applications (and operating systems) should start up quickly, but it hardly seems like a critical complaint. And, as much as I appreciate improved Javascript performance, the differences are not that significant in the real-world. I'm not sure I fully get the explanation from your EDIT. If you had a single scope resolution operator ::, classes and namespaces should share the same hash and lookup. A class is, fundamentally, a namespace. namespace foo; function bar(){echo "func\n";} class foo{ static function bar(){echo "func\n";} } Should be equivalent as far as invoking them is concerned. The private browsing mode is terrible! I've been using the Stealthier plugin for previous versions of Firefox and it works great. You activate it and from then on nothing you do gets stored in the history. You deactivate it, and history starts getting tracked again. It's simple and it works. Having private browsing mode close out all the other tabs is incredibly annoying! What purpose does it serve? Sadly, asking questions is apparently considered "not contributing". Very friendly. Performance is always a trade-off; wou rarely get something for nothing. These object stores are great when all your doing it storing objects, but that's a pretty simplistic use-case. If you need to do more with your data than simply read it back in object-sized chunks, you're going to find that a relational database probably provides better performance. For web sites especially, retrieving and constructing objects is a fairly expensive operation if you're just generating list pages. I wonder if we just have a generation of programmers who can't think in SQL. They're used to using ORMs (which are useful abstractions) but can't work at a lower level. Sending a query over the line to get exactly the results you want, and no more, and have it optimized and run entirely on server is pretty damn efficient. A. That is fine until the first time somebody has to write a report. B. With the right product, administration is easy. MySQL is completely ubiquitous and something like SQL server is easy. This certainly conflicts with point C. C. Most of these people aren't doing high-volume anything. If you are doing high-volume stuff (like Google) then of course it makes sense to use something very specific to your task. But that doesn't mean Bigtable, for example, makes for a good generic solution. That's crazy advice even for MySQL. Having a DB that exceeds physical RAM is why you use a DBMS. I do my own hosting, but I agree with this completely. Downtime at any scale is inevitable, but with Google's massive infrastructure you're far better off. You're right, and that's what great about ORMs! But if you're asking a question of your data, like "how many widgets did I sell today?" then navigating a conceptional graph of data is the slowest, most convoluted, way of getting at that information. My suggestion: plan on adding some kind of real file system. I've worked with OS's that try and de-emphasize (or eliminate) the traditional file system and it just doesn't work. Programmers eventually hack their own "file system" to work with the files that everyone has. When every computer is networked and connected to the Internet, communicating by files, file names, and file extensions, is universal. Speed isn't everything. For the love of all web developers everywhere, pick any browser (Safari, Chrome, Opera, or Firefox) and dump IE. We would greatly appreciate it. While a SQL database isn't always the right tool for the job, it most definitely is the best default answer most of the time. We keep seeing these articles over and over and they keep missing the point. This is what the author says about an e-commerce order : "But in practice, and the app almost always wants to retrieve the entire record all at one, and write the entire record all at once." Right, because no business ever wants a total of their orders in the month?!? Or a business never wants to know who their best customers are? This is the worst example ever and proves that this "in practice" thought is entirely backwards. "the point was that joins are expensive." That is a blatant myth. Joins are not slow. I use MySQL and SQL Server everyday and there isn't a really huge difference in performance. And I'm working with large (100 line) queries over large sets of data trying to return real-time results. I've got more joins, subselects, and unions going on than the average user will ever use and I still return results instantly. Now older versions of MySQL, like 3.23, are still in use (unfortunately) and pretty crappy but it was released over 8 years ago. Most of these performance myths about MySQL are outdated. There seems to be this whole generation of open source programmers who think that software development is a game. Zed gave away his software to get all kinds of accolades and adoring fans -- which, when you think about it, is pretty bloody bizarre. Open source software is wonderful because it keeps us programmers from constantly reinventing the wheel. It gives us all the collective ability to improve the infrastructure that our products depend on. It's not really surprising that the most mature, stable, and user-friendly products are operating systems, web servers, database servers, and so on. It's bottom layer that programmers use to build software products regular people use. Zed's pissed because Mongrel doesn't get mentioned anywhere. I use open source software in my business all the time to advance what we can deliver to our customers; if someone wants to know what we run, I'll tell them. But guess what, they don't want to know! If all Zed wanted was credit, he should have picked a product with more MBA appeal. Instead he build a web server -- that's infrastructure -- and nobody outside of the programming community gives a crap about infrastructure. It's the final product that matters. Even if Ruby on Rails gets mentioned, most people wouldn't know the difference between it and PHP. All they know is that you're in the same camp as 37 signals. Just as companies that use PHP will say it's the same technology that powers Facebook. Ultimately, it doesn't matter what license he gives his software for the game he's playing. The rest of us, however, just want to get our work done. Web app programmers care about infrastructure; hacker news wouldn't exist if we weren't constantly talking about it. Hell, even this rant from Zed is now on the top. Zed gets all the credit he can possibly get from Mongrel -- hell, I'm not even a RoR developer and I know he's the primary author. I use Apache, but I couldn't tell you who's in charge of it right now. It seems strange to me that, as he says: "when I would try to get work, it was impossible for me to explain the magnitude of Mongrel’s impact". Who was he talking to in these companies? My point is that MBA's don't care about Mongrel. HR drones don't care about Mongrel. If that's who he wants to target, stop building the next mail server and start building to next twitter -- it's probably less technically interesting but you'll be more popular. Fair enough. Maybe it's not the reason he did it (and maybe it's not the reason he's writing a mail server either). But this rant is all about the accolades. And, come on, he does get the credit. He gets lots of credit. He just wants more credit. Enough to go to the bank, it seems. He's not being held to a different standard. Microsoft doesn't get credit for every memo or power point presentation! Why should Zed get credit for every web site? It doesn't make sense. He wrote a cog. I include things like programming languages and libraries as infrastructure too. Microsoft gets paid because they're a business. It is unreasonable because Zed is not running a business. Running a business is hard -- a lot harder than just writing software and releasing it to the wind. A novice developer doesn't really need PHP-specific performance tips. Yes, but you can still complain about things they don't offer. There's nothing inherently wrong with that. I have a Vista on my laptop, and it isn't horrible but it also isn't an improvement over XP. When I recently purchased a new computer, I built it for XP. I fully disagree with Atwoods comment: A world where people regularly use 9 year old operating systems is not a healthy computing ecosystem I'm really very fine with that. There's been an over-emphasis on the operating system for far too long. It should just shut up and get out of the way. As long as it continues to be updated and has plenty of drivers, we don't need to be changing operating systems very 3 years. XP has ushered in a period of relative stability to our industry that's been very good thing and, unsurprisingly, people are reluctant to move away from that. Unfortunately, XP is really at the end of it's life due to the move to 64bit. I'm confident that Windows 7 is an improvement over Vista, but I'm not yet convinced that it's the next 9 year operating system. I run a lot of custom apps on my WinMo phone. In fact, my entire phone experience has been customized (of course, it's terrible to begin with). No, the PHP internals team was not right. The author missed the only valid argument: PHP already has a namespace operator! It is '::' just as it is in C++. Classes are namespaces and PHP should have worked just like in C++ where they stole the design from in the first place. Instead, because nobody wanted to fix the bunged up internals to make it work properly, they decided to add this new character and make the whole language that much more complicated. Now we have this new operator that we didn't need and a bunch of different syntax and semantics for accessing static class members and namespaces. Why would it take a complete change of PHP's semantics? Accessing static members of classes follow C++ syntax, there's no reason why namespaces couldn't follow the same syntax and semantics. It would break nothing in the PHP language spec. namespace foo1; function bar(); class foo2 { function bar(); } foo1::bar(); // Namespace call foo2::bar(); // Static method call namespace foo2; // Syntax error; class foo2 already exists. The problem is, the internals of PHP are that namespaces and classes are in different hashes and the call to either compile to entirely different byte code. The "correct" implementation would have namespaces and classes together and both calls compile to the same code. Now I accept that the PHP internals are perhaps too convoluted to resolve this issue but that doesn't make this any less terrible. It's a hack solution. Death by a million cuts. The scope-resolution operator doesn't matter. The weird scoping rules aren't so bad. The inconsistent function parameters are really no big deal. What's one more mis-feature right? I was really hoping that PHP was going to grow up and shed some its moronic nature but this is yet another half-ass solution. I've read that link and I understand it. They treat namespace access and static class access as different things. If they were the same, and namespaces and classes shared the same hash, and static class access and namespace access where the same (like in C++) this would be a non-issue. As for your ambiguity, it's a simple name clash. On the second declaration, you should get an error because foo::bar is already defined. You know, like you would in C++. You completely missed the point. Yes, you can defend all those things individually. And individually, they aren't a big deal. But together PHP seems like a big ball of mud. I'm actually a big user (and defender) of PHP; between posting this I'm working on PHP code. I've used it since PHP 3.0 and I'm pretty forgiving of legacy problems -- it's an organic language with pieces added when they're needed. The PHP 3.0 time was great because every release (which was frequent) brought some new feature you were wishing for. PHP 5.0 has been great and PHP 6.0 with unicode is going to be a nice addition too. But it's like 2 steps forward and 1 step back. There's no reason for PHP to add namespaces in such a confusing and different way. PHP borrows from C, Java, Perl, and C++ and anyone familiar with those languages is going to feel comfortable with it. But this namespace implementation is just bizarre. And it can't be blamed on any legacy issues or backwards compatibility. They made the easy choice -- add a character to the language so the parser has something else to grab onto so they can treat static class access and namespace access as different things. I don't call that making it right. It made it "work". Adding another confusing symbol to a language already filled with symbols is not right. Ummm, no. In C++, classes are looked up the same as namespaces, you can have a namespace called foo::foo::foo::foo which contains a class called foo! The only restriction is that you can't have a class or namespace with the exact same fully qualified name. That's a perfectly reasonable restriction. The whole purpose of namespaces is so you can have a class called foo in a different namespace from another class called foo. From a previous link on this subject: Java: Attribute/Method access: foo.bar Static method access: Foo.bar Package access: foo.bar.baz C#: Attribute/Method access: foo.bar Static method access: Foo.bar Namespace access: foo.bar.baz Python: Attribute/Method access: foo.bar Static method access: Foo.bar Module access: foo.bar.baz C++ Attribute/Method access: foo.bar and foo->bar Static method access: Foo::bar Namespace access: Foo::bar Perl: Attribute/Method access: $foo->bar Static method access: Foo::bar Module access: Foo::bar PHP: Attribute/Method access: $foo->bar Static method access: Foo::bar Namespace access: Foo\bar Variety is not unambiguously good. Variety is good if you're producing something different. Variety is bad if it's different for no reason. I work in many different languages, and having to learn yet another syntax unnecessarily is not a good thing. The PHP developers had a chance to add namespaces in a way that didn't make the language worse -- they didn't do that. Sure, maybe it's not a big deal -- just like all the other bad decisions, like magic_quotes, weren't a big deal. It's just disappointing that they couldn't do it right. The server is still producing HTML and CSS which can modified by the client. I guess the real question is, what exactly is the problem with HTML? HTML is ok, it's CSS that's got the problem. It's the difference between Microsoft Word and Publisher; CSS doesn't provide enough layout primitives to do common web layouts easily. Instead, you have to specifically structure your HTML for it and layer on the tags and copious amounts of CSS code. but it is always source code to the client Source code is what people read/write, object code is what software & hardware reads/writes. HTML is always object code to the client. HTML and CSS are still source code to most people -- most web sites are designed by designers who hand you off perfect static renderings before you tear them apart and plug them into whatever template engine you're using. But look at something like http://www.extjs.com -- the HTML is complete object code generated entirely using Javascript. Yes, but the app store is 99% of the marketing for iPhone applications. And their are other issues, like the app store approval process, for example. So, your point is that programs can't process data if it isn't human readable? I agree! But the main failing of the original design of CSS (which could resolve most of these arguments) is that they didn't include a way to do page layout in the way that tables work. Many years later, with CSS3, they've finally adding it. But it seems like an obvious layout deficiency given the previous use of tables for layout. Those languages that use the dot for scope resolution have created an ambiguous operator in the plus sign. Yeah, I think that's a bad idea too. Javascript is particularly bad because it's dynamically typed -- you may have to insert a few extra empty strings to get what you want. You chose 6 languages all from the same paradigm. Um, yes, that's the point!! All languages from the same paradigm doing things mostly the same. I can switch between Java, C#, PHP, and Javascript without too much trouble. If you've got a radically different language, it doesn't really matter to this discussion. This is the last reply I'll be writing. This is good, since you've run out of things to say except attack my programming skill and teamwork even though you don't know me. Typical. But if you are CONFUSED by a backslash, you ought to reconsider your choice of profession. I'm sorry you feel that everything is beyond criticism. I wonder, is there anything you actually care about? Go back to coding in COBOL -- if "ADD 1 TO VARIABLE" doesn't confuse you, I'm sure you'll be happy. why don't you take the opportunity to create a working patch that uses the double-colon? It's a fair question. Unfortunately I'm very busy, I have enough time to code, take care of the kids, and post to hackernews. I'm also a PHP programmer not a C programmer (right now, anyway). But the implication of your question is that I have no right to complain about open source projects? I cannot have both a namespace and class named foo in the global scope or within the same namespace. Yes, but you make that sound like a bad thing. In real life, having classes and namespaces with the same names would not be good. Nobody is going to do it, so why support it? Can you think of an example where it makes sense to have a class and namespace with the same name? And spin it however you'd like, having a namespace conflict with a classname is far more confusing Really? Because that's how every other language works from Java, C#, C++, Perl, etc. If you didn't know that, it's probably not such a big deal. Here's a simple task you can't do in CSS2: Create a multi-line form where the labels are right-aligned to the fields, the fields all line up, and everything expands to fill the contents. My bad, didn't check my facts, table-cell is in CSS2! Of course, in my defense, it doesn't matter which standard it's defined in if it isn't supported by IE. It isn't even supported in IE7 and we've just recently dropped support for IE6. ...which will be great in 2015 when enough browsers implement it to be useful. :) From the article: Look at Shapira’s article, says Snyder. It’s missing 'anything resembling a point of view.' And that’s exactly what Nolan’s Gawker post provided. A lot of blogs that are second-hand reporting, what they usually add id their own opinion on the topic. They were interested (or disgusted) enough when reading the article to add their 2 cents to the topic. Sometimes that opinion is just as interesting (or more) as the original article. Programming on paper is amazingly bad (I've done it, mostly for exams). Even worse, you will teach programmers that you develop linearly (from top to bottom) and once a line of code is written it cannot be changed. Those are terrible coding habits. Really brute forcing a solution isn't bad for a first run. If they done it, tell them to make it faster or smaller. Given that they've solved it once, they should understand the problem better. ...and all these sites are pure luxeries. ...and all the content is generated by the kids themselves. Switching to Linux is as easy as switching to Windows 7 -- both options require reinstalling your operating system and all your applications. Interesting thoughts on autoloading: http://wiki.getheavy.info/index.php/A_Note_About_Auto-Loadin... I'm disappointed more frameworks don't autoload. I much prefer it to manually loading everything and I've used both styles over the years. There is also the small performance benefit of only loading classes I need at runtime rather than loading every possible class at parse time. But really, requiring everything manually seems redundant to me. On the otherhand, it's pretty hard to argue that a web browser shouldn't be a standard part of the operating system. When I install XP, I need to fire up something to download Firefox. I don't think Microsoft bundling software with Windows is inappropriate, within reason. Where the monopoly and anti-trust concerns for me come in is their agreements with PC manufacturers that penalizes them for providing alternative operating systems. I've been doing that since the PHP3 days (before require_once existed, and you had to track repeated requires yourself). Since moving to autoload with PHP5, I don't find any loss of clarity. I'm curious what mess you get from autoloading? I still haven't bothered to signup for Stackoverflow because of the OpenID requirement. If it has username/password it'd be done already. I wish git was bit more user-friendly on Windows. With TortioseSVN, using subversion is so smooth and easy I almost forget it's there. I've got a bunch of Git tools installed in Windows, but it's all so horrible. The GUI tools are significantly worse than using Git bash at the command line. I think, for Git, the GUI I'm looking for probably isn't possible. It's designed with the philosophy of small command line tools combined together -- that's not something you can paint over with pretty UI. Seems like there would be an opportunity to license their game engine, provide a bunch of support staff and programmers, and sub-license it to other companies. Well, lets not forget there's still that free() call which will try and free the integer value packed into the pointer. PHP is ubiquitous, and now I can be more easily targeted by languages that can compile to PHP. They must have had a use-case in mind when adding it, because it's a lot of work for nothing otherwise. re⋅ject 3. to refuse to accept (someone or something); source: http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/reject Seem to me like the "reject"/"not approve" disparity is splitting hairs. I don't think Apple is developing a competitor to Google Voice -- which is probably part of the problem. If they did build a competitor, it really wouldn't matter. Apple could do it better and more seamlessly. However, what's really happening is that Apple is seeing the writing on the wall. A lot of the core functionality of the phone, like Maps and search, are already provided by Google. Once you add in Google Voice with call management, voicemail, and SMS then suddenly it's not really Apple's phone anymore -- it's Google's. There may be a big difference between an app under review and being rejected. There's also a difference between an app being sold in store for months and an app being pulled from the store! Reminder, it was Apple pulling 3 existing Google voice applications that prompted questions to Google about the status of their official app in the first place. Google's response at the time sounded pretty final: "We will continue to work to bring our services to iPhone users, for example, by taking advantage of advances in mobile browsers." Microsoft is the worst for this! .NET is a terrible name to search for. SQL Server Reporting Services is also awful. At least they've seemed to have gotten the clue with Silverlight. If you watch his talk he doesn't claim he invented JSON; he goes out of his way to say he discovered it -- because it was already there. And he even says that he wasn't the first to discover it either -- as many other people figured it out around the same time. Ask on insert of external drive? "Port Cocoa to Windows and port iTunes to Cococa" OpenStep was already ported Windows NT at one time ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:OPENSTEP_on_Windows_NT.jpg ). They already port other libraries to Windows to support iTunes and Safari. I think this option makes the most sense moving forward if they want to continue building cross-platform applications. All the "web designers" I've worked with lately have put significant effort into user experience design -- certainly it's much more "on the radar" than it was a few years ago. They're not completely separate concepts. As a programmer, I can manage my own PC and Network. A user experience designer should be able to do graphic design just as easily. Different skills, but none the less related. From what I've looked into, Safari on Windows isn't using Cocoa. The latest Safari even looks much more like a Windows application than previous versions. So maybe I'm wrong about this point. However, I still think they're going to have to port iTunes to Cocoa simply because they've essentially deprecated Carbon. For the Windows version of iTunes, maybe they'll just have an completely separate version that isn't a port. string.strip() is a convenience, you can find a horribly verbose way to do it C# as well. The "nano" is all about size -- it's right there in the name! Apple going after the flip makes perfect sense; there's not a lot of difference between them hardware-wise except for the camera. It might just take another generation before the nano is superior to the flip (factoring in it's size) -- It's already a pretty good value. "There is a built-in business model here: smart advertising. Artists can pay to have their songs cued up to FOO listeners in exchange for BAZ dollars." Ok, but how do you intend to actually get this advertising money? It's not as simple "if you build it, they will come". You need to be able to sell the site to advertisers. I didn't see anything in your "About me" background that makes you qualified for the "make money" part of this venture. Or you just planning to sell it to someone else to make that happen? The difference between error codes and exceptions are that, for error codes, you must check the result of every function call and method and in some way handle that result. Contrast this to exceptions, where the advantage is that your error handling is centralized. You should throw as much as necessary and catch in a few key places. Checked exceptions ruins that advantage of exceptions -- you're back to writing a whole bunch of buggy error handling code rather than just a few key catches. The result is errors are being hidden, masked, or ignored for absolutely no gain except to satisfy the compiler. AT&T already allows Google Voice on other phones. I find it fascinating that so many people continue to blame AT&T well after it's very clear that they had nothing to do with it. They just can't imagine that their poor little underdog Apple would limit competition on their device. Apple has a lot to lose if this app is allowed. Search and maps is already provided by Google. Add in call management, voice mail, and SMS and you have a phone almost completely powered by Google software -- that's not a position that Apple wants to be in! Their excuse of "duplicate functionality" really is an honest answer. Remember, they also denied Latitude. > how many of these cellphones even give AT&T the ability to ban a specific app? If AT&T wanted to block Google Voice, they could easily do it from the network level. > iPhone is one of the only phones that AT&T would have the ability to 'ban' an app on The assumption here is that AT&T some measure of control but there doesn't seem to be any evidence of that. Wasn't the entire deal with AT&T that Apple maintains all the control? That's why there isn't a T-mobile iPhone instead. We know of the contract stipulation from AT&T that requires Apple prevent high-traffic applications and VoIP but that seems to be it. Apple seems to more than willing to take all the responsibility -- why should anyone assume differently? Isn't this solved by the "draggable" attribute? Why work at the events-level at all for this. You could simply use the IEView plugin in Firefox to achieve the effect you are looking for. I have a few IE-only sites and it seamlessly uses IE to render those sites while in Firefox. You configure which sites automatically use that rendering engine. It depends on whether or not the application is resubmitted. If, after the first rejection the developer says "to hell with this" and never comes back then the throughput is increased. However, if the developer subsequently resubmits only to be tripped up on the next item then you've increased the overhead for both the developer and Apple. Each resubmission is more overhead. But, as the system grows, your ability to add or change functionality without breaking things I disagree unless all your changes are really shallow. You change the structure of your application in significant ways and you'll break the tests too. So now you have two problems. See, I think the value in tests would be that they are reusable. If you're smart enough to write a test for a situation, then you're smart enough to code for that situation in the first place (and conversely if you miss an edge case in code, you're just as likely to miss an edge case in testing). If you're constantly rewriting your tests -- what's the gain? Now certainly writing everything twice is actually a great way to catch errors. NASA does that with the shuttle. But I wouldn't argue that its faster. I prefer to just liberally sprinkle my code with run-time assertions. We have a small defect rate even after pushing out massive structural changes to the application. The bugs that we do have tend to involve an unpredictable set of conditions that no automated test would ever be written to find. Perhaps if you need traits, you're doing it wrong. Does PHP really need all the added complexity of this? Does it really help solve the problem or did you just add a new maintenance nightmare? I'm sorry, I still don't see the advantage of OpenID. Can anyone explain why it's any more convenient than username/password? I still haven't bothered to sign up for StackOverflow because the signup seemed far more complicated than it is for just about any other Web 2.0 site. All the sites I visit remember my password. My browser remembers my password on top of that. My browser is synced to all my other browsers, etc. Given the StackOverflow example, it would take exactly 5 seconds to type in my usual username and unsecure password and start using the site. The whole Open ID thing seems like a hell of lot more work. It sounds like a solution in search of a problem. I don't really need security for my slashdot account or hacker news. Now combining with OAuth is interesting, but I don't have a "contact list" anywhere. I don't really have any information that I need (or want) to share between sites. It's definitely a cool option though, so I won't bemoan it's existence. However, I am annoyed at sites that require OpenID without the standard alternative. In this world, perhaps the less that's directly attributed to you the better off you are. Your identity is also tied to livejournal. I have no such place that I would want my identity tied to. I could run my own OpenID server or some such thing but that's even more of pain in the ass. I can type those strings in my sleep, what string to do I type in login to an OpenID site? Oh, you mean I have to find that string somewhere? Probably typing in a lot more than 2 strings to sign up for it? Yeah, I thought so. You might I'm being purposely difficult -- and maybe I am. But I'm an intelligent user, I visit hacker news, etc. Imagine rolling this out to your average web user? Good luck with that. See I could do that, yes. But exactly how many steps, how much technology, and how many organizations are between me and the site I'm logging into. It just doesn't seem worth the effort. What's the payoff? I wouldn't know where to begin to set that up -- there's the complicated part. Honestly, this should all be built into the browser -- all this web-service stuff is entirely the wrong approach. Hold everyone back from what? Technology for technology sake? Why do all this? For security? So nobody can hack into my flickr and look at my pictures of my kittens? For convenience? I have to sign up to some completely unrelated service so I can login to your site? The average web user isn't going to give a crap, and honestly neither do I. And I generally love technology for technology sake. And don't get me started on how horrible HTML email is... ;) A lot of Web 2.0 sites don't even bother validating your email anymore -- such as hackernews, reddit, etc. They have a username and password that isn't connected to anything. That works for me. And I don't have to signup for some completely unrelated service to receive an email -- everybody already has email. I'm surprised nobody suggested adding a mouse over to the orange dots. The first thing I did was mouse-over to look for a tooltip to explain the dot and got nothing. I'm surprised nobody suggested adding a mouse over to the orange dots. The first thing I did was mouse-over to look for a tooltip to explain the dot and got nothing. It doesn't have to be an image -- you can put a title attribute on a and still get a tooltip! Apple cannot go back an update every previous iPod in existence. So at some point, the Palm pre will respond exactly like some existing iPod model and Apple won't be able to do anything more. This article does point out one thing that I've always found really strange/dumb about Unix. Why does the shell expand the wildcards? That's not how it works in Windows, for example. I periodically have to cleanup abandoned and overflowing unix mailboxes where every message is it's own file. You'd think a simple "rm *" would work, but it doesn't, because you get an error message saying that there are "too many arguments". From my perspective there's one argument, the asterisk. Very confusing. I end up having to use xargs to get it work. Seems like a poor design. Shouldn't that be part of the OS API? Why call me with 1,000 arguments, when I could call an API with the wildcard and get the 1,000 files back? My poor argv can't handle it the other way. Copyright is a compromise between the general public and the creators of the material. It's a construct that exists to promote the creation and distribution of works. If you can't watch a movie, what does that serve? The public is clearly not getting anything. And the creator isn't getting anything either. Everybody loses. This isn't the same as simply not being able to pay either. What's the best way to start for someone who doesn't want their entire internet identity tied with up Yahoo, Google, or Facebook? "From the perspective of copyright law, yes, it can be classified as quoting" Then aren't we done. Fair use and all that. It doesn't matter what value Murdoch places to them. In fact, why should it matter? Should every teaser be worth $1,000,000? If you let the marketplace decide then what happens? Probably what we have right now, because at least one news producer will think that Google is providing a great service. "but those 'headlines and teasers' do carry news value" Newspaper vending boxes have a nice glass window in front so you can read the headlines and choose whether or not to buy the paper. How is what Google does any different at all? When it comes to rendering (layout on the page), IE7 is a lot like IE6. When in doubt, serialize to a string. The end result compared with a type-less database is nearly the same. The age old computing phrase "garbage in, garbage out" applies here. You're putting a lot of faith into this. The fact is that performance, scalability, features, and correctness are a trade-off. RDBMS is optimized for certain conditions and these NoSQL databases are optimized for other conditions. NoSQL databases are horrible at things that RDBMS's do extremely well and vice-versa. NoSQL isn't some magic discovery -- of course they're going to run into problems that RDBMS solved years ago! Your argument for small boxes seems to be the same argument for one large box. My (extremely average) desktop has a terabyte of storage in it -- why do I need a bunch of boxes running a distributed database? One big server is a hell of a lot easier to manage than a fleet (a fleet!) of small boxes. Hey, is there anyone out there that uses SQLite and actually uses it's "duck typing" feature to some effect? I'm using it, but I still declare my "column affinity" and store values with the proper types. I don't put strings in my number columns, for example. I can't even imagine a good reason for that. Or, as it historically been the case, a browser vendor implements the feature (so it's "supported") but they do it wrong. As much as people hate to hear it, the only real solution is some kind of browser-version tagging. If it wasn't for Microsoft's browsers supporting browser-specific conditional comments, we'd have a much harder time writing standards-compliant web pages that work the same for every browser. I don't know very many people who still use email for personal communication. It's all Twitter, Facebook, Skype, or just IM. Even my parents seem to able to navigate Facebook just fine but have considerably more trouble with their email client. While I still use email just as much for business communication, I hardly use it at all for just talking to friends and family. "The problem with using data like this is that it's completely anecdotal and self-selecting." That was the idea. I'm not Wolfram Alpha, I'm a human having a conversation. I didn't make any predictions about the future, I'm just expressing my own personal take on the situation. I'm sure I'm going to get down-modded to hell for this especially since you've been up-modded pretty high for contributing basically nothing. "Just because the world around you looks one way doesn't mean it's the same everywhere." The ironic part about your AOL/ICQ/MSN example is that, like Facebook, there are network effects. I used ICQ pretty much right up until nobody else did. People are communicating by Facebook so much that even though I don't use it much, if I want to be in the loop that is where I need to go. There are 250 million people communicating on Facebook -- clearly there's a lot less need to communicate by email. My own personal experience is that for the average user trying to communicate for non-business means, they get a far better experience from other tools than from email. Now, of course, this all just my personal option. If you want some actual data, you won't find it on hacker news. I don't see how you can compromise. If you're just a little dynamic, then you still need to bring in a software interpreter to process the page (this is a point in the article). You also immediately lose the security of static files. To get the benefit of static files, you have to go all in -- otherwise, you might as well just be using a CMS that caches. Using text-indent: -1000px is a terrible hack anyway. Some hacks are necessary but when you're moving elements off the page to achieve an effect, you're definitely doing it wrong. Fair enough, I was quick to respond. I didn't mean to comment directly to the author but make a general statement of the current state of the art in CSS: to achieve an effect use the craziest hacks one can find. As you said, patio probably just found that code on the web and used it. with the appropriate alt-text. Of course, your code has to be handle both regular submit buttons and image submit buttons interchangeably (it's a good thing to add). That also requires changing the markup but if you've got a template engine that's easy enough. The low-level aspects of an operating system are now available, for free, to whatever company wants them in the form of Linux. Both of Google's operating systems (Android and Chrome OS) are based on Linux. The Palm Pre is based on Linux. The fact is that even the device drivers, I/O subsystems, network stacks, file systems, and the X number of ways the an OS interacts with the machine are no longer significantly important. What is important is how the OS interacts with the user. This is where Apple shines. This is also where Google is looking to shine as well. If the user experience can be provided entirely within the browser, why not? As you said, it has become commoditised. Is there really a qualitative distinction? Apple's operating supports Apple's hardware (Mac and iPhone). Linux claims great compatibility with most PC hardware and tonnes of other random equipment out there. Windows is Windows. Do you think the average person cares what file system underpins the iPhone or that Android and the Pre share an OS kernel? But you are right, you can't replace an operating system with browser. However, you can treat the OS as just another layer in the stack in between the network card and the browser. It's even an interchangeable component -- swap out Linux or Windows or OS X and you have still have something that can push bits onto the net and run a browser. I think a lot of people take Windows for granted. It's amazing that we have one operating system that can smoothly run on the most expensive and advanced PC hardware and run on a netbook that costs less than a really good dinner out. Hardware manufacturers can put other own drivers as easily as anyone can put out software. And the same software runs on PC models from dozens of manufacturers and whatever Frankenstein-PC you can build yourself. Developers can target one API for all that hardware. The author doesn't seem to think much of that. Apple is an exception, an outlier, and a niche. You misunderstood me. They are very successful (and very profitable) but they're still an exception and a niche. If every PC manufacturer went the same route as Apple, they'd probably all fail. Microsoft values backwards compatibility ahead of everything else because that's what both users and developers want. Because Apple has never been in the business market, their is very little custom software written for it. They can toss out backwards compatibility every few years and someone will write a new zip utility or port a web browsers. If Microsoft broke backwards compatibility, zip utilities and browsers would be ported too. But companies that have invested literally millions of dollars in their software don't have the time or money to do that. If Apple were to ever capture (and keep) more than 10% of the market, you'll see that they too will slave to maintain backwards compatibility. Their niche status affords them ability to make the sorts of changes you want. I don't understand this intense desire for speedy change -- do we really need to replace the desktop metaphor as quickly as possible? Doesn't that just hurt, rather than help, adoption and understanding of computers? Everytime the GUI changes half the planet has to re-learn how to use their computers. If we had more than 3 primary desktop operating systems, all implementing new ideas, the learning curve for users would be impossibly high. The fact that one operating system won is good for the industry. You might want to take off those rose-colored glasses and take a better look at Apple. The classic Mac OS existed until 2001 and still lacked memory protection -- You had to remember to save your work before opening Netscape! Then they didn't even develop their own OS, but instead purchased NextSTEP which was already 12 years old at the time and circling the drain. Then, instead of throwing out the old stuff, they bolted the Carbon API onto it to allow classic Mac applications to be ported easily. So you really couldn't be more wrong about Apple. On the other hand, the number of applications that Mac OS X must run to be accepted can be counted on the collective hands of the OS X engineers. They can almost afford to break whatever they want as long Photoshop runs. Microsoft does not have that luxury. The command line vs. GUI argument doesn't hold water either. Instead we're comparing the desktop metaphor with some concept that doesn't exist yet. Operating system research is always on going and the really good ideas percolate up into all the current operating systems. You can't just radically change direction -- even Apple knows that. In fact, they've been removing features (like creator codes) that distinguished them from Windows and Linux basically because being compatible with the universe is more important than being innovative. Part one is here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=900809 Part 2: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=901976 > Do serious PHP developers use PHP's built-in template language? No. However, my template engine compiles to PHP's built-in template language. > In exchange for not having to understand abstraction or OO My PHP code is just as object-oriented as my C++, Java, or C# code. As for the functions, you memorize what you need and have a good IDE for the rest. One of the benefits of PHP is that there's a function for just about every common task and using them is really easy. Other languages may have the same functionality in a library, but the setup and calling is far more complicated. PHP is a get-things-done language and it always has been. You can dick around with all the abstractions, frameworks, and meta-programming you want but often that's just more complicated and a waste of time. So I've been voted down for having an opinion -- way to be open minded hacker news. I had a similar experience in my undergraduate program (and I graduated over 8 years ago). In second year, everyone has to take a software engineering course that consists of completing a full waterfall model group project. It was complete with interviews with the clients, every scrap of planning documentation, and of course the code itself. Each deliverable was due every 2 weeks and everyone had to work their ass off. Future courses covered agile methods, version control, bug tracking, database design, and so on. I actually feel a bit sorry for people who end up going through a program like Joel describes -- but certainly good schools are out there and they're teaching things programmers really need for the real world. What abstractions patterns would the average PHP developer missing out on? You can throw a rock in any direction and hit a PHP framework. Throw a second rock and you'll get one with an entirely different philosophy. Yes, PHP is a simple language but in many ways that's a virtue not a curse. Jrockway is right about PHP's inconsistency but that doesn't exclude one from building solid software in the language. None of those features are necessary (or even desirable) for building large scale software. Very few languages have that full set including C++, C, and Java. You can fake module naming with underscores (ugly but it works) and with duct typing you're only typing the full names of classes sparingly. In Java, the lack of namespaces would drive you insane, in PHP not so much. The lack of namespaces hasn't slowed down the development of very large class hierarchies in PHP -- just look at the Zend framework. I'm not arguing against namespaces, I'm just saying for PHP they're more of a luxury than a necessity. > C++ and Java are not examples of powerful programming languages either. I never claimed they were, in fact I purposely lumped PHP in with them. I'm not ignoring other languages, but the these criticisms against PHP are entirely wrong. There are languages with a greater amount of cleverness , I agree. And yes, I probably would rather be programming in Python at this point. But PHP isn't bad because it lacks closures or mixins. > If you want to write clean, large-scale applications, you are going to need abstractions that those languages don't have. That's pretty much false given that nearly all large-scale applications are written in C and C++. Every operating system, every web browser, almost every type of server software, and most desktop software. You might not want to it (I prefer C# for desktop development) but it's possible. And most large-scale web software (Facebook, etc) is written in PHP. So perhaps all those developers know something that you do not. All those features are just not necessary. They're nice to have, perhaps. You can shoot yourself in foot with them, also possible. But you can build really great and clean software without them. And you can certainly build a massive ball of mud with closures and mixins. > It is interesting that you assume PHP is the perfect level of abstraction. It's interesting you assume I said that, but I did not. In PHP you can have all kinds of levels of abstraction (and I use a multitude of levels). It is just as interesting that you assume most levels of abstraction are not possible. If you call that a complicated a database query, we're clearly working at different levels. Get back to me when you hit 100 lines of SQL. > I think that is called "blub". You should try deeper abstractions some time... Don't think that pounding on your keys as fast as possible makes your productive -- it doesn't. The self-righteousness and ignorance here is absolutely astounding. > If you need a quick knock off, just copy the files, copy and paste a bit, and you're good to go. That's a style of programming, it really has nothing to do with the language. I can cut'n'paste code in any language and I can write nicely abstracted modular code in PHP. Why are you confusing the two? > PHP makes it very easy to get trapped like this. Really? Why is that? What is so different about PHP than every other language in existence? You don't even know, do you? > Unlike others though, PHP makes is very easy to write bad code. I don't know why... perhaps it's that the learning curve is _too_ low. I'm not sure how the learning curve would have anything to do with it. If you already know how to program well, PHP isn't going to break your legs. You're not suddenly going to stop doing good design because of a few dollar signs, are you? Given that I already stated a wide range of skills beyond PHP (and I use more languages than I even listed there) I hardly think my closed minded attitude is the problem. There are a lot of complaints about PHP from people who've never even used it. They have bullet-point list of features lacking or strangeness and think they can make an informed comment. But I have built several large scale projects in PHP and at the time I started them most everyone's pet language here was too immature in the web space to consider. Look at Ruby, the tools of choice for deploying it and serving it up are constantly changing. I don't have time for that fire and motion. Maybe for the next project I will choose something else. But I think developers here would rather fawn over the pet language of the week than hear from someone using PHP effectively. Fair enough. I suppose I do try and keep it KISS and that does often require abstractions and even the occasional meta-programming. But in most cases, KISS principles are best achieved by using the most minimal abstraction that does what you need. > Also, you have 100 line SQL statements embedded in your PHP programs? That is the wrong level of abstraction. If you need to calculate payroll against a schedule of appointments consisting of elements that need to be calculated as a flat fee, percentage, or sliding scale of appointments and you need to return results in real-time than it's the right level of abstraction. And when you actually need to mix in values, constants, and even function calls from the software into that SQL statement, you need something very different from your example. "The point of my abstraction is that a quick one-liner is the same mental complexity as your supposed 100-line statement." The same technology that allows you to make quick one-liners of moderate SQL statements would balloon my 100-line statement into a 200 monstrosity that would be impossible to follow. There are trade-offs with abstractions. Look at Rails, absolutely great for certain types of projects but when you need to do something outside of the box it gets very complicated to work with. "Anyway, probably not worth arguing with you, since you are quick to make personal attacks" You're the one making a lot of assumptions about "PHP programmers" that I could take offense with. I really don't think pounding my keys really fast makes me productive. Or that my HTML, PHP, and SQL is all in one file. Or the countless other things that you've said. Really, if I was black would you think I talked all gangsta too? > and won't discuss anything specific. I was just very specific, enjoy. When I started my last big project it was several years ago and PHP5 had just been released. I had been doing PHP for many years before that (since PHP3 -- moved from Perl to ASP to PHP). At the same time I've been doing desktop and mobile development in C++, VB, and C#. I also keep up with Python and other tools to see how things are progressing. So I needed to start up a new project those years ago and it really wasn't the best time to learn another language. Ruby and Python were still a bit lame in the web space at that time. I'm not even sure Rails was out at the time; and if it was it was really new. I definitely didn't need to start a massive project on something that was very much untested. Performance and stability are also factors. You are entitled to your opinion, but I don't find PHP to be all that painful. I've built up a large body of code and, more specifically, a coding style that makes PHP as productive to me as most other languages. For example, all my objects inherit from a root Object class that provides automatic properties: declare a method as setFoo and you use $object->foo = 'hello' to call it. My framework library is very modular and uses the autoload facility. I have a template library that is like smarty only less weird (and much less code). I have a few different database abstractions for different needs. Entity objects that can be loaded and saved. Classes for quick inline queries (similar to what you've used in other examples). An an abstraction for larger more complex SQL queries. In addition to basic templating for the UI, I also have something akin to ASP.NET user controls so I can built up complex forms just by adding tags to the template. The UI is connected end-to-end with the database so load, save, and validation is automatically generated (including client-side javascript) from a description of the data. I can push about a CRUD page in minutes. So really, I have lots of reasons besides ignorance to stick with PHP at this point. Now, if I had to start the project again now, I'd have re-evaluate all my options but it would have to weighted against the body of code and knowledge I already have. I won't claim that PHP is better than any other language -- but it's really not as bad as you make it out to be. Just look at all the things that are possible in it! > The dollar signs are not the problem with PHP's variables. Their global scope is. I think you sort of have that backwards, all variables in PHP are local unless you go out of your way to make them global (or just start typing into an empty file without any functions). I pretty much surrender the global scope. None of my variables are global except for static class members. I don't have any global functions, except static class methods. > Quick example; if you want to pass around a callback that has state I don't pass around callbacks that have state very often. I tune my programming style to the language that I'm working on. Often there are different ways of handling the situation in PHP -- it's is actually quite dynamic in places. I prefer to keep my pages pretty KISS anyway -- I can do hell of a lot (see my other replies) without needing stateful callbacks. > If you are going to write PHP code that looks exactly like Java, why not just use Java and get your 70x speed boost? I don't know, why are Java sites so painfully slow and all PHP sites so fast? Niice. So much for intelligent commentary. We're sorry, currently our video library can only be streamed within the United States. Link doesn't work in Canada -- includes link to the Comedy Network but not to the specific video. While we're working on Net Neutrality, how about working on this too! I normally hate watching videos to get information, but to the credit of the presenter this video is very concise and quick. The whole thing is insightful. > You're right: these "genius entrepreneurs" were selling the time of their classmates. Exactly. But you miss the fact that they already had the time of their classmates to sell. No matter what happened, the classmates would have to sit through 3 minutes from this group. Who said anything about twice, though? They had 3 minutes and they sold it -- I don't think that means they got another 3 minutes. Now both the students and the instructor might have given them another 3 minutes, but that's not something they could have assumed nor is it somehow wrong. There is no good argument for semicolon insertion except to be newbie friendly. And, as pointed out in the article, semicolons can be inserted in unexpected places causing hard to find bugs. In the end, that isn't friendly to anyone including newbies. I have PHP put up a nice error page for every error. With (very minor) trickery, you can even put up nice pages for fatal errors. Unless it's a database connection error, I have the site automatically email me a full stack trace and all other relevant details. You don't even have to turn off error notification in the PHP.INI file, you can control that from your script. You have to be precise when programming; A statement needs to have one and only one meaning. It's possible to design a language that doesn't require semicolons (Basic, for example) or just be more terse than JavaScript. But a language who's grammar changes based on very subtle context is not acceptable. When it comes to JavaScript, you'll find most people put the semicolons in even when they don't have to. It's just a highly ineffective feature. Now if they didn't have semicolons at all and designed the language appropriately, that would be different. Yes, and Scala doesn't have the same problems as JavaScript. There's nothing wrong with having a language where semicolons are optional (as I already said). But in JavaScript, semicolons aren't optional in the same sense as Scala. They're essentially required but the interpreter "helpfully" inserts them for you if you "miss one" and potentially changes the meaning of your program. That's a huge difference. I actually agree with your statement "I consider an interpreter that can figure things out on your behalf to be a more intelligent interpreter" -- I'm not arguing against smart interpreters. I'm merely arguing against semicolon insertion which is actually an incredibly dumb way of handling this situation. You can't capture the output buffer on a fatal error; the script just aborts. You do have to wait till the end of your script to write your output otherwise this doesn't work very well but here is some (simplified) code: $errorTemplate = file_get_contents("errortemplate.html"); $templates = explode('%error%', $text, 2); ini_set('error_prepend_string', $templates[0]); ini_set('error_append_string', $templates[1]); ini_set('html_errors', '0'); The errortemplate.html file is a static HTML file that can contain anything you want. Ours is themed up just like any other page on our website. When a fatal error is triggered, the text %error% will be replaced with the fatal error text. We place that into a form using a hidden textarea so our users can submit it to us. %error% The server log will contain the fatal error, so you don't care about users submitting it you can just wrap it in a comment. And that's all there is to it. A language has to be designed around optional line terminators -- you just can't take a language like JavaScript or C and remove the semicolons, they convey meaning to the program. Something like Scala doesn't have the ambiguity that a C or JavaScript program has without line terminators. So semicolon insertion is just a hack that happens before parsing. It's not that the semicolons are optional, they aren't, but it puts them in automatically according to a set of rules. Unfortunately that means you can't just put a return on a line by itself -- a semicolon will always be inserted. As a programmer, I can't help but think that it should be 2^30. It's all in the same part of the brain that says that 256 is a nice round number. Comparatively, 10^9 is not even close to a nice number. It really comes down to that simple matter of taste . But I understand how it might be confusing to regular people. I never said it was the one true way; in fact I was being pretty pragmatic about it. As programmer, I'm constantly thinking about numbers base 2 and Hexadecimal (I never understood the point of Octal). Therefore base 2 numbers for bytes just makes sense to me . Clearly, other programmers have felt the same way. Sure 10^9 is a nice number when not working with computers, but when you're working with a computers you know that base 10 numbers don't fit right. I'm not being combative against my own human nature, I just think differently based on the context. Obviously the vast majority of people don't have that other context. When I'm rushed, I don't invent more code. If a slider already existed, wouldn't you just reuse that? > The single most powerful thing about key value stores / document-based DB's is their independence from SQL. The most powerful thing about key/value stores is the scalability and other features; it's a significant loss that it doesn't have a powerful ad-hoc query language. Adding SQL doesn't hurt it's "independence" from SQL as it is merely an add on. People seem to think that spam bots are fairly stupid, but I've played the cat and mouse game with them and they've been surprisingly smart. I added an encoded cookie to the main page of the site which you needed to post but spam bots had no little trouble with that. On another site, I used simple math captcha -- but it was too simple and didn't even last a day. It seems to me that simple replacements, such as the above, would be the first thing most bots would handle. I think that commenter has it right: that "traditionally grown" meat will always have a place in society. However, right now, a significant amount of meat is ground up into hamburgers and sold in McDonalds; that seems like a waste to me. Maybe taking that mass market out we can get back to sustainable farming. Do you know what's in the average hot dog? Hamburger? Package of frozen chicken strips? The fact is that while people do eat a lot of steak, chicken wings, and bacon a lot of meat is merely an ingredient. 1. A couple of years ago, I had a Windows Mobile phone and tonnes of applications. While it wasn't a great phone, it was a still a pretty good computing platform. A couple of years before that, I had an SE smartphone running Symbian which had fewer apps but was still open (I even developed a few). For smartphones, carriers were no more in charge of mobile applications then as they are now. In fact, in Apple's case, the carrier (AT&T) has more control than they do on blackberries or WinMo phones. 2. The review process is almost exponential, every week you have more apps and updates to all the existing apps. Maybe Apple is hiring more reviewers; they might have to just to keep up. Having a paid review tier just means that big developers get a 1 day turn around and indy developers get the left overs. So you've never heard of Windows Mobile then? 1. Carriers never had walled gardens around smartphones. Apple didn't invent smartphones, they've been around for years before the iPhone was released. In fact, the carrier (AT&T) has more control than they do on blackberries or WinMo phones. 2. I'm not sure what you're trying to say here. The review process exists so developers are already doing their best to not be rejected and Apple is rejecting anything badly-buggy. Bugs still escape that process, it's inevitable. Fixing them should be easy and quick, but it's not, and Apple is entirely to blame for that. That's not what I, or the original commenter, was talking about. Having no approval doesn't mean chaos for carrier's networks. Umm yes. But nobody seems to be arguing that. The original commenter implied that without vetting the applications, the carriers networks would be in danger. But that reality already exists on plenty of other platforms (even one by Microsoft) without any troubles. The success or failure of the platform is not in question. I'm tired of this comparison. Smartphone applications have never been behind walled gardens or approval processes. The iPhone is a smartphone. Yes, if you wanted to J2ME software for mobile phones you had a hell of a time. I'm sure you griped about that too and maybe somebody like Apple actually heard your griping and decided they could do it better. Quotes from the article: > You pounded your fists because Apple didn't have a "real" SDK, so Apple created one. Success! > Then you pounded your fists because the approval process is too slow, so Apple hired a bunch of noobs. Success! (sort of) > Now you're pounding your fists because the newbies aren't consistent in their execution. Still waiting. If you don't ask for anything, you're not going to get it. Why does this author think keeping silent is a virtue? That is just stupid. The griping can't hurt the situation, it can only help it. > While apps are certainly a major component to the iPhone, are they really the major factor in end-user adoption? All the ads I've seen lately for the iPhone are of the "there's an app for that" variety. So Apple themselves seem to think that the apps are a critical factor. That being said, the iPhone sold very well before there were any apps at all. I was just going to comment on that. Who here hasn't been through a dozen or so "next big things" or "Microsoft killers"? Chrome OS is a niche product for niche hardware. In terms of significance, it's probably equivalent to the original Palm OS. Show me some cool hardware that runs it and I might get excited. Almost everyone here is a software developer; the most important application for your mom is the web browser. For me, any device larger than my mobile phone should be able to compile something. My netbook is full of apps and with XP it runs them pretty well. On more thing: there just wasn't anything exciting about the Chrome OS launch. We all knew it was going to be a Linux-based OS that only ran a browser. So now it's launched and that's exactly what it is. What is there to be excited about that we didn't get excited about months ago? Actually, my whole family uses Skype. It's a great way to show off the new baby to all the Australian relatives. I guess there's a reason why all the Hacker News posts were about Skype. What's really missing here is the true point of Chrome OS. It's not supposed to replace anyone's desktop. It's not even really supposed to replace someones perfectly good XP netbook. It's meant to be put on really cheap hardware. Super cheap. Subsidized by Google search referrals cheap. So cheap that you fully accept that it doesn't run skype or anything else. These postings get sadder and sadder every day. It's like this developer is dating a girl who's just not that into him and he doesn't get that yet: You left her 10 messages but she didn't call you back tonight. I'm sure she'll call you tomorrow. She was just busy. Any reasonably interesting web app is going to do it's "work" on the server. A web app can run it's UI in offline mode but you've scooped it out's brains. Wow, you can store data and retrieve it. Why do we need web browsers at all -- Microsoft released Access decades ago! How much is your life worth? Whoosh That's the sound of my comment going over your head. If you think the web is popular because it's a cross platform sandboxed version of Access (which is essentially what you were suggesting) then you're the idiot. There's only so many useful applications you can make by simply storing and retrieving very simple data locally. Subsidized day care would also mitigate these problems as well. My wife is returning to work in a month at the end of her 1 year (Canada) maternity leave, but the cost of daycare is enough to make the decision difficult. Nearly half her income goes to daycare. If there was daycare in her building, however, that would have made the decision to go back much easier. From article: > Many web developers are non-advanced users of SQL anyway, not using "advanced" features like foreign keys, JOINs, inner queries or stored procedures. I weep for the future. If you think a join is an advanced feature, then yeah, you're better off with CouchDB. Email is a poor example for encryption -- too many factors involved. On the other hand, how many people encrypt their online purchases? It's easy to have silent automatic encryption if you build it from the beginning. But if you encrypt everything by default, nobody is going to turn that off either. Some constraints are good. If it's not for constraints, you'd have cats marrying dogs and so on. Putting programming logic in a stylesheet language is asking for more complexity, not less. I agree with the author. CSS is universal. SASS is entirely different language with far less "speakers" and far less support. It may be superior to CSS, but that's only part of the equation. CSS is closer to C than x86 (and C is more universal) Are you going to say nobody writes in that, too? Edit: I meant universal in that everyone reads/writes it -- not that it's the lowest level. Yes, nobody writes x86 so it's not similarly universal. C is pretty universal. Even if you code in Java, C#, or PHP you've still got a lot of C heritage there. I'm not sure what your point is! Your original comment about x86 doesn't even make sense -- most people don't know x86 assembler! However, all web designers know CSS. Nearly all web developers know CSS. That's what makes it universal! It's not about how low-level it is. We recently had to fire a design team and are in the process of moving to a different team. If all the styles were in SASS, I'd have a much bigger problem. Even something like LessCSS has a much smaller learning curve because it looks like CSS. You can use it much more minimally (using only variables, for example) and get a small benefit with a small learning curve. Think of how many of those 50 other languages look like C. The designers produce the CSS, I don't. In most cases, they use their fancy tools to produce it. If they're not using SASS, what's the advantage to me? Why would I convert their CSS to SASS to get the same result in the end? Templates are a different story -- that's where the design and the functionality meet. I do convert the final comps to templates and if necessary the templates back into static code to repeat the process (rarely necessary, but it happens). This is a necessary evil. Why would I want to perpetuate that evil in CSS as well? This article is a classic false dichotomy: Pitting Fox against blogs. In reality, there are literally thousands of news outlets world-wide covering every major story from every angle. If Fox were to disappear from Google, who would even notice? Checking out Google News right now, there are 9,881 articles on President Obama's recent speech. Fox is just one voice amongst thousands. And ultimately, that's what Murdoch is truly upset about; news is an easy obtained commodity and is therefore rapidly losing its worth. I like the concept. I'm a developer (web / desktop / mobile / whatever) with minor design skills. If I was to ever do any sort of project on my own, I'd need and want to partner up with a designer. Hell, I actually need an idea too! But the interface of this site is feels wrong to me. It seems to be assuming that I want to make a really quick (5 minute) decision based on very little information. But choosing to partner with someone is a rather significant event requiring time and research. If you waste a weekend on something (fun), that's not really a significant loss. I'd be more than willing to waste a weekend building something even it doesn't work out. However, most of my partnerships are have lasted much much longer than that. It's very costly work on something for even a few weeks and have the partnership fall apart. Just recently a friend of mine had a serious break-down with his designer. This wasn't a partnership relationship, he was contracting the designer. But when the designer flaked out, misappropriated other designs, and disappeared for weeks that ended up costing my friend a lot of time and money. My biggest complaint about Hacker News is that the upmodding and downmodding of comments is used to express agreement/disagreement rather than as a method of distinguishing the quality of the post itself. I regularly upmod intelligent, yet unpopular, comments if they've fallen below 1. I think having 3 options would help with this problem: agree, disagree, and downmod. Top agreed posts would float to the top as they do now. Even posts with a healthy bit of disagreement (evenly matched agrees/disagrees) could be very high. Disagreed posts aren't penalized. Downmod would only be used for irrelevant or low quality content. You wouldn't need an upmod -- simply agreeing or disagreeing would count as an upmod. The node.js chat server that was posted here earlier looks a bit cleaner and easier to follow in my eyes: http://dhotson.tumblr.com/post/271733389/a-simple-chat-serve... Any difference in functionality? Yes, but now netbooks exist. I got mine for $279 and I can comfortably run Visual Studio on it. This device is significantly less powerful, not particularly more portable, and costs more . For the right price, I'd buy one -- this is not the right price. The lack of contracts seems to indicate that Fusion Garage's story is more accurate. It's entirely possible that the original idea, however, was Arrington's and that Fusion Garage simply decided to build it. However, Arrington says that they contributed IP to the project -- I wonder what that is supposed to be. That may be true but Fusion Garage has decided to go without Arrington's marketing. That may be a bad idea; I'm already not impressed with the name. But the point is that there's no evidence that Arrington has any claim to the product. TechCrunch is a technology blog, they give lots of products visibility. You're not going to claim they own everything they report on? They own the name Crunchpad, but this product isn't the Crunchpad. If they had a business relationship, they should have had a contract. One that locks this product into using the Crunchpad name. But they (apparently) did not. IANAL either. Arrington says they contributed IP to the project -- that's pretty significant. I'm curious to find out exactly what it is they contributed. They do have the staff for it. As for marketing, so far it's consisted of a few blog posts. They do blog posts for other products too. I don't see much in the way of any ownership coming from that. So you're saying that single convenience is worth purchasing a significantly less powerful device for significantly more money? For what I can do standing on the metro, I have a smartphone and it still does more and is cheaper than this device. If they never had any prior involvement with TechCrunch, they'd still be in the press. On Engadget just as they are now. Hell, they'd probably be on TechCrunch too. The difference is, the press might be a little more positive that it is now with this big mess. My smartphone contract isn't ridiculously expensive -- and lets face it, if you've got an Internet tablet you're still going to need that service contract to get connectivity. The small screen is an advantage when on the move. The small footprint as well -- it's pretty hard to even remove a large device from your bag while standing on transit. If I can sit, I can use my netbook. I work an web startup that provides business software for users who are typically not at their desks. An affordable tablet would be a huge boon for us -- we could distribute them to our users (or just recommend them) and they would love it. But at this price it won't work for us. I fully expect that Chrome OS is built entirely for this market and we'll see a lot of tablets from netbook manufacturers next year. The Kindle has unique attributes, Internet connectivity, and is relatively affordable. I'm not saying an Internet tablet is a poor product -- it's only poor at this price point. It might even be just this tablet that isn't worth it. I've learned never to trust anyone else with your critical data. I try and avoid doing sysadmin tasks (I hate it) and I pay for it but I make sure the backups are working and at least some copy is under my direct control. Sometimes I'm extremely shocked at how cavalier professionals are at maintaining your data and I've worked with plenty. > It's bank's responsibility to keep the system running and secure, not mine. As others have pointed out, it is your responsibility to check your bank statements to ensure that all is secure. But also, with banks you're dealing with money that is easily replaceable. If your card is compromised that money is gone but if it's their fault (or criminal) the bank will replace that money. Your data is not replaceable -- when it's gone, it's gone. "Many of us host something somewhere. How many do backups? How many of us check the backups? How many do check the backups checking process?" True you do have to stop somewhere -- but there is due diligence and there's negligence. Making sure you are making offsite backups and periodically testing them is due diligence. On the otherhand, completely relying on someone else to backup your critical data is negligence. If your data is at all important to you, then you need to have a copy. But at some point you have to accept that you've done enough. From the description, these are still the full headsets you get with the other editions, you just don't get the SDK. You might not have that much trouble hacking it. Once it's in your hands, you can start sniffing the USB traffic. They say it doesn't require a driver, so it's probably a USB HID device which is even better and easier to work with. You might still get pretty far even without the SDK. Once it arrives, you could post here on Hackernews for some help. I have a bit of experience reverse-engineering USB devices, but I'm sure there are others here that could help even more. "Soda can be super-sweet without tasting bad, apparently." It's the carbonation. Flat soda is undrinkably super-sweet. The vast majority of the time, I'm writing comments for myself so that when I'm looking back on this same piece of code tomorrow, next week, next year, next decade, I can get myself into the same frame of mind. A comment on code I'm working on today isn't very useful. A comment on code I haven't looked at in 5 months and won't look at again for another 5 months is a lot more valuable. Very shortly I have to delve into some of my own code that's almost a decade old -- I hope I commented it well. Given the authors resume, he might simply not have enough of his own old code to get the usefulness of comments. Your original function name is pretty terrible and your alternative is an artificially bad example. If Lvalue implies variable (and possibly variable implies lvalue) then both are not necessary in the name. Var will be universally understood but Glo and Lv would stump anyone not familiar with your personal shorthand. The word lookup is unnecessary. You can still get something quite self-documenting and not all that verbose or long: def getGlobalVar(self, varName): def getGlobalLvalue(self, varName): def varLookupGlobal(self, varName): def lookupGlobalLvalue(self, varName): def globalLvalue(self, varName): ... Nobody says you need to go all Java and make your variable names stupidly long. But small measures towards readability can go a long way to making code self-documenting and easier to understand. Right, but in the context of your function an expression is not possible -- you are passing a variable name to a lookup function. > Java isn't slower than C in general. Really? In general? That statements seams worse than the original headline. Is Java faster than C for anything ? A Java application will invariably use more much memory than C implementation of almost any non-trivial application. You can inline code all you want, but it'll never change that. The JVM isn't magical -- it's not going to solve all your performance problems. When you're allocating a million tiny little objects with all the necessary accounting you can't optimize that away. BTW, if it's so obvious why haven't you still provided at least one non-trivial concrete example of Java faster than C? ...and then, they noticed that one version is significantly more profitable and then they "screwed up their inventory management" so the profitable version is always more available. > pinch to zoom is one of the things that makes web browsing on the iPhone usable, IMO. I have a Windows Mobile phone with Opera and, as the other commenter also said about Andriod, it has the double-tap to zoom and reflow the page. There is a dedicated zoom area on my phone (I just have a swirl around the center hardware button like an older iPod) but I never have the need to use it. I find I really only the two levels of zoom -- the full page zoomed out and the reformatted in-zoom. Software, and for that matter, movies and books are already covered quite effectively by copyright. If we already have IP protection that provides incentives to take on risky and costly projects, why do we need yet another protection? Especially one which has been demonstrated to be bad for companies and consumers. It's possible that the changes from software patents haven't trickled down far enough yet. Currently it's just the big players, but once a patent troll finds a way to extract money from local software shops the landscape will change dramatically. Ignoring software patents works as long as everyone does it; it just takes one organization to bring it all down. > I feel horribly restricted In what way? I don't use Linux on the desktop (just on the server) but really everyone has done a great job of ensuring most of the open source software you need is on pretty much every platform in one way or the other. The thing I find with netbooks is that almost everyone is universally happy with them: geeks and non-geeks alike. It seems the only people really complaining are technology writers looking for more readers. Most netbook owners I know also have laptops (usually as their primary desktop replacement). So I guess laptops have becomes desktops and netbooks have become laptops as far as people are using them now. It's not really sample bias; had those people returned their netbooks or complained bitterly how small they are, then I'd have posted an entirely different comment. I didn't even want a netbook, it was given to me as a gift from someone looking specifically to get me a completely superfluous technology item. I didn't think I'd use it since I have a really nice laptop. I have no complaints with the keyboard -- it's the lack of vertical pixels that is annoying. PC's have "pretty" screens as well but if you ever have a problem the wall-of-text will come up instead. Much more useful. > PHP is considered extremely weak performance-wise I don't know, it seems a lot of the very high trafficked sites (Facebook, Yahoo) run PHP. Yes benchmarks do show PHP doing poorly, but when was the last time anyone used PHP to crunch numbers? It's apparently fast at what it needs to be fast for. > There is poor to no support of multithreading That is not a flaw. PHP is a share nothing architecture; each request is completely independent. This is a good match for the stateless nature of HTTP. Multithreading isn't at all appropriate for PHP and I can't think of a scenario where it would be needed. > There is no eventing system PHP is a programming language not a framework. I'd make more of a comment about the various PHP frameworks but "eventing system" seems kind of vague. Maybe you can clarify this a bit and then I'll comment. > As a web framework, it sins in mixing code & design (opposed to e.g. Django-Python or Ruby on Rails) Nobody mixes in code & design in PHP anymore -- you won't find it terribly common among the various PHP frameworks. I do use it from time to time as a debugging aid and my compiling template engine uses it as the compilation target. > PHP sites such as Wikipedia probably need more servers (since every request is a separate process). Citation needed. But every request isn't a separate PHP process; PHP is linked into Apache. Apache starts up a pool of processes and reuses them for requests. It's all highly efficient. > By the way, Facebook uses Erlang for its performance-critical parts (such as chat). Actually, it's not so much the performance critical parts but the parts where PHP's share-nothing architecture isn't appropriate. I doubt they're using a front-end web server for chat either. > You could still use an agent-like messaging system for shared-nothing multithreaded/multiprocessed environment. If you had the need, I suppose you could. Although I'm not sure what point you're trying to make here. > When using cURL you must poll the handler until the request is complete. Obviously you'd need multithreading to achieve a better control flow in such a scenario. You don't really need multithreading. JavaScript has callbacks for everything, for example, but isn't multithreaded. So this isn't so much a problem with PHP as it is a lack of design of cURL. But then cURL is a C library. > I've written and debugged some wordpress plugins, and I can't say I came to the same conclusion as you... Wordpress is old and not well designed. (Much like PHP itself) > Not blocking the entire PHP process while waiting for database results, waiting for a file to download, waiting for memcached to respond, etc. The thing is, I need those database results -- I can't do anything else until I have them. I received a single request from the user and I'm spitting out a single HTML response back. That's what PHP is all about. And mulithreading as optimization itself wouldn't improve performance because I'd be taking away CPU from other requests that are running concurrently. > Web apps would use a lot less memory (and hardware) if people were not so afraid of threads. Fundamentally I don't disagree; there's a lot of cool work going with event-based web servers. However, I think those designs are great for very specific tasks like chat servers and but require too much fiddling when doing traditional stateless web work. However, it may indeed be the future. > You could start requesting the database results for a user that is now waiting in the tcp connect queue, cutting latency significantly. That's already how it works. If one process is blocked waiting for results, another process will get it's turn. Apache is one process per HTTP connection (when not running threaded). > but your blocked-for-DB-results-process is sitting idle using system resources, like memory. Either way it will need to use system resources. I can't throw away the resources of the user waiting for results, I need that once the results come in! Processes really don't take up that much memory and typically you're reusing a small number of them over and over anyway. > If you only have one user using your site at a time, then this isn't a concern. If somebody is blocked then someone else's request gets a turn at the CPU. Blocking a single process is completely inconsequential to multi-process web server serving multiple users. > They take up several orders of magnitude more memory than lightweight threads. Premature optimization; when a 1st grader can count to the number of processes you need for large scale web application optimizing it any more is a waste of time and effort. > You'll find that treating a web application like it's just a bunch of web pages leads to many problems down the road. Really? I find it refreshingly helpful. Instead of your large application being a large application, it actually just a series of very small applications. If a page crashes, it's pretty much no harm at all. If your whole application crashes, you're screwed. You want to add some functionality, just add it on. > Finally, "I definitely don't need to know about this abstraction because my favorite language doesn't have it" is dangerous thinking. "Oooh shiny" is also dangerous thinking. Is it really better to waste your time using up as many threads as possible or actually solving real problems for a few hundred processes? Sidebar: Why is always you, Jonathan Rockway? Just how many posts do you make on Hacker news in a day? :) > It's not as efficient for peak hours. Actually it's quite fine during peak hours. You could, however, say it's a waste of resources during the lull times. But I'm not using those resources for anything else anyway; the entire purpose of the server is to service web requests. If a bunch of processes are sitting there wasting memory being idle, that's not a problem. > There are several use-cases I can think of, the simplest being more than one blocking request for rendering your page That's a fair case but I haven't personally encountered it yet. A good example, however, would be building a mashup page of content from a bunch of different web services. jQuery is a much smaller scope than Prototype or Mootools -- it doesn't try and enforce a JavaScript framework. I previously avoided it because it provided so much less general programming tools than the alternatives. However, in the years since I made some of those technology decisions, jQuery has become the leader and thus more and more 3rd party technologies have been built around it. I've recently switched to jQuery from mootools but I had to seek out a lot of plugins and other libraries (and build some stuff myself) to reach the same levels of capability but ultimately I'm happy with the results. Sleep cycles are already messed up -- so this is a good way to make the best of a bad situation. They do talk about controlling for profile quality. This isn't the first stats post from OkCupid, they do this every few months approaching a different aspect of the profile. There are previous entries about race, religion, contents of the first message, and so on. I don't disagree with your statements but that doesn't mean I'll be paying and here is why: I read articles from probably 15 different sites every day (and not same 15 from day to day). I simply can't afford to pay a subscription to every one of those sites nor do I want pay for just one site and get my news from a single source. The problem is that this the same dead-tree business model moved to the web. It might appeal to people who consume their information in the classical morning newspaper way but I suspect that is a dwindling market. So far, I'm impressed with the performance of 3.6 -- it's noticeably faster. Requiring long passwords is a restriction that leads to a more secure password. This site (it's called weakpasswords) is about restrictions that make your password less secure. The site for my credit card requires a password that is no more than 6 characters -- talk about insecure. My netbook was $279 with a 6 cell battery and a 160GB harddrive. That's throw away money! But at $499 for 16GB that's not really in the same market. Yeah, Steve Jobs is a genius -- he says it's $1,000 and then you're not shocked that the minimum configuration costs nearly twice as much as a netbook. Perhaps the iPad signals an end to the hacker era of digital history I disagree. We're in a time of change now -- very soon we won't be getting any of media in the same old ways. TV will be replaced with digital streaming. Music, for the younger generation, is already almost entirely digital. It's even becoming perfectly reasonable to read books on digital devices now. However, this digital future is not open to everyone. My parents have a hell of time operating a computer and don't benefit from the latest streaming media technologies. They get their music on CD's. They read books on paper. The general purpose computer has failed them. Why shouldn't Apple fill this gap between the TV and the computer? I'm sure Apple fans will lament the loss of general purpose computing devices from Apple. But it doesn't mean that the hacker era is dead. It just means that most hackers may have to look somewhere else to find a product that suits them. Because changing the defaults might mean a world of hurt for people not expecting it. You should just always be explicit. The idea is probably to compile PHP into machine code rather than byte code. Holy version inflation, batman! At this rate, it won't be long before it's 'better' than IE8. :) And poor Firefox, they've got lowest version of any major browser. Classic ASP is whole class of awful all to itself. PHP has far more in common with other scripting languages than it does with Classic ASP. The fact that they both support embedding code into HTML is their only similarity. Switching between languages based on context is good; you might have a favorite pet language for desktop work, embedded work, iPhone work, and web work. But splitting your brain cells between languages for the same sort of task, in the case web development, isn't very efficient. I have to do it, for different platforms, but that means I'm constantly switching between design techniques and I can't reuse one body of common code. It just makes sense to put all your eggs in one basket and make the switch. However, it's important to have a healthy respect for other languages and their pros and cons compared to your own choice. Syntax is human. Syntax is ergonomics. A programming language is the bridge between man and machine. Lisp, I would argue, is far more about the machine than the man and that is the simple reason why it's not more popular. Python was cool before the libraries; that's why those libraries got written in the first place. Lisp has been around forever and is still lacking in libraries and other support. Massive install base, yet no hype. There's more hype for Nokia's Linux phone than for any random Symbian smartphone. I coded for Symbian many years ago -- it's a dead end. The OS literally has no future. Open sourcing it is just part of the death spiral. At least this might give some of the dedicated developers, whomever are left, a chance to actually fix some of the more annoying bugs. Yes, but does Photoshop need 9 different ugly sliders, for example? http://mrgan.tumblr.com/post/235455865/the-many-sliders-of-p... If Photoshop ceased to exist for the Mac, that's a huge opportunity for a 3rd party developer or Apple themselves to fill the gap. While most Mac OS users can now simply boot into Windows, I'm sure they wouldn't all be happy about it. There's nothing decent about IE8 -- and competition doesn't really apply to it since it's installed (and upgraded) by default on the majority of PC's. Since nobody chooses IE, there is no real incentive to make it competitive. Isn't that the wrong level of abstraction, though? An actual save button in my application looks like this in HTML: Save Changes I'm not sure what that would like in Haml, but in a template language it might look something like this: I would think a DSL designed to express user interface would actually be a much higher abstraction. Haml is just 1-to-1 with HTML. > The document structure is instantly apparent, most superfluous noise is gone Except that normally document structure is already apparent. Most people don't write HTML pages from top to bottom -- sites consist of a common header, footer, sidebars, etc. Common controls (such as buttons, date selectors, voting tools, etc) can hide most of the superfluous noise. What then remains is easy to follow. It seems like Haml is to HTML what assembler is to machine language -- it's merely a 1-to-1 translator. Which is great if you want to work at that level but it seems you could get more bang for your buck with a higher level tool. The big disadvantage of Haml is that it isn't HTML. Now using any template engine takes you away from HTML, but hopefully you get some real value added. With Haml, it's the same structure with a better markup. I don't see what the big deal is. Open source software is frequently a clone of commercial software and free. If that were enough to be "evil" then everything would be evil. Nobody is claiming that Google is innovative in this example. One could simple write their own "echo" function which only takes an XML object parameter. // This works write( {$_POST['name']} ); // Where as this wouldn't work write($_POST['name']); I think perhaps the use of echo in these examples is just a simplification. More than likely, in Facebook, these XML classes are outputted by another function. > When a computer puts an error up on the screen The funny thing is, you can turn most people away from the computer and read the error message verbatim (or any other dialog) and they'll be able to answer you. It's merely the fact that it's displayed on the computer that confuses/scares them. Once they've answered you (say "Yes, I want to cancel") you can turn them back to the computer and they'll still have trouble picking the right button. There is some kind of mental block here -- but I believe that most people can get past it if they're forced to interact with computers. I rarely just click on a dialog for people -- I make them read it. I make them think about it. I make them pick the right button -- over and over. Eventually they gain more confidence and can do it themselves. And slowly they do begin to "get" computers. Dropping someone into facebook without them having the confidence is probably never going to work. But smart people don't have to be dumb with computers. The most important versions of the HTML standard have merely codified the state of browsers at the time. The other W3C standards remain partially (or incorrectly) unimplemented so they're effectively not standards anyway. The innovation on the web has always begun with the code -- and always with proprietary solutions. The best of these solutions are eventually implemented by everyone and that becomes the standard. Netscape added images, tables, and plugins. IE added events on all DOM elements, xmlHttpRequest, and so on. Different browsers are now beginning to implement "HTML5" features. When all the browsers reach some level of common usefulness then W3C or WHATWG will fit their standard around what's in common usage and call it HTML5. Having big committees make big plans has never worked for the web. They're not mistakes -- it's strategy. Google simply has the same strategy as Facebook for the same reasons. How are they reverting their mistakes? A few tweaks to help people opt-out? That doesn't change much. You can't monetize privacy. Sugar != fat in terms of the content of food. If something has zero fat but 400 calories, then it's still bad for you but in a different way. Either way, it's clearly labeled. The problem is that people don't know how to interpret the labels. Better education would help with that. Weight watchers, for example, has their points formula which boils down the calories, fat, and fiber values into a single number that is easier to understand. Some food packages even include the WW points number -- but it wouldn't be very accurate or scientific to mandate that sort of thing. I understand that's the case as well. A lot of low-carb diets, such at Atkins, allow you to eat as much fat as you want and you'll still lose weight. Dietary fat is bad for your cardiovascular system, though. The food that contains 0% fat doesn't contain any fat. That's actually useful information. If people think that 0% fat foods are automatically good for them, that's an education problem not a labeling problem. Wouldn't the calories label on the food include both calories from both fat and carbs? So this is all moot to the discussion at hand. The fact that Apple "gets" both hardware and software is pretty unique in the industry. They're the exception that proves the rule. I never said that profitability was the main criteria here. I just seems obvious to me that Apple creates a great blend of hardware and software that is pretty much unmatched in the industry. That doesn't mean their products are perfect for everyone or that I even own one -- just that they get how to build hardware and software. That's fairly rare in this industry. Now your argument seems to be that regardless of what they do, profitability is no way related? They're profitable because they make products that people like and buy. If they weren't profitable it would because people don't like their products and don't buy them. I'd say that's rather significant. > There are many reasons to buy or not buy a product apart from liking it. But most of those are statistically insignificant or temporary. Apple has sold millions of iPhones, for example, year after year. You sound like you are desperate to make a negative point about Apple without actually having something meaningful to add to the discussion. > I don't see any evidence that the reasons I cited are statistically insignificant or temporary. Really? So you think the overriding reason that people buy a product has nothing to do with whether they like it? Because that's the argument you seem to be making. I'm not desperate to defend Apple, I'm desperate to defend logic and common sense. Honestly, I have no idea what point you were trying to make on this little aside to my original comment. Wait.. the iPad runs the same OS as the iPhone (slightly modified) and this tablet runs the same OS as the Droid (slightly modified). So how is this not directly comparable? I was going to install this to a site but breaking the back button makes this unacceptable. ;( > What happens when you have an array with more elements than can be expressed by an int? You probably couldn't have an array that big and even if you could, it's likely this function would accept it at compile time. The problem here is that you're passing it an array that it is advertised to handle, yet it fails. There's definitely a lack of imagination when it comes to proponents of NoSQL solutions, and this article shows no exception. While we do want to store, for example, an entire e-commerce order in a single operation we also don't necessarily want to retrieve it that way. That type of storage makes otherwise simple operations considerably more difficult. Do you want to know how much you made in sales today? How many of widget #453 are still in stock? The most popular items for sale? The least popular? Start writing code. The other example of a user profile seems to be the perfect fit for storage in a single table, so I don't why that's there. Now, do you want to know how many users logged in this week? How about you want to delete every account that hasn't been accessed in a year? Much more slow code. Every article about NoSQL goes on and on about the supposed advantages, but rarely talks about the considerable disadvantages. And honestly, for most people, the advantages are simply not worth the trade off. I fear that we'll have decades of e-commerce stores written with document stores and mountains of code slowly chugging away to calculate the basic stats that any business needs. From the article, on where relational databases are appropriate: > Small records with complex, well-defined, highly normalized relationships. Why do the records need to be small? And honest, in software development, a large amount of your data is going to be well-defined and easily normalized. The author provided 2 examples that would fit perfectly in a relational database. > The type of queries you will be running on the data is largely unknown up front. Or the types of queries you are running are more than just retrieving a single record or simple list of records. I'm afraid a very large number of queries fall into this category. > The data is long-lived: it will be written once, updated infrequently relative to the number of reads/queries, and deleted either never, or many years in the future. Yes, a relational databases are for storing long-lived data. For temporary data, you could use an in-memory table or just some other solution entirely. There's no need to mix your permanent data with your temporary data. Databases handle writes and deletes extremely well (in bulk even) so I'm not sure what the author was getting at here. > The database does not need round-the-clock availability (middle-of-the-night maintenance windows are no problem). What kind of middle-of-the-night maintenance does a relational database need? I've been running at least one database for several years straight without any downtime or maintenance. > Queries do not need to be particularly fast, they just need to return correct results eventually. Relational database queries aren't particularly slow -- in fact, RBMS are heavily optimized to return data very quickly. In the vast majority of cases, this is going to be more than fast enough for nearly every application. > Data integrity is 100% paramount, trumping all other concerns, such as performance and scalability. Damn straight. I want the data coming from my data store to be 100% correct always. If I need to trade performance for correctness then I can easily add some caching. But I'm not sure how document stores would solve this any differently. The question is what is this doing: sum(amount in db.filter(type='order', date=xxx)) If you're iterating every order in the database to apply your filter or to calculate the most popular items then you wasting a huge amount of processing power and RAM for something an RDBMS can do very efficiently. It's not an advantage that your incrementing values in your programming language of choice either, it's a disaster. As for API, you can hide the SQL pretty well behind an abstraction as well. But there is an advantage to using SQL itself -- the database engine analyzes your query and produces the most optimal way to get the answer you want. You're choosing to write poorly optimized code instead. Yes, I did assume that was the case. However, once you've started adding indexes aren't you already losing some of the advantage of NoSQL. An index is a well defined set of columns. In your "Most popular" example, you're still iterating records locally (and sorting locally) to calculate the results rather than having it done on the server. You've also presupposed that you have normalized data -- which in authors example, you do not. My point about having the RDBMS optimize your query still stands. Your code and your SQL statements are not the same -- the SQL is a description of the result but your code is the actual process. And you've over-simplified the process; in reality it would be much more complicated. I understand that you can have indexes -- which, in my opinion, seems to defeat the purpose of NoSQL in the first place. You take your unstructured data store and structure it. Also, in the authors example the items are properties of the order. How exactly would you index on those? 2 words: Query Optimizer http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Query_optimizer If you think you're doing exactly that an RDBMS does, you're kidding yourself. Even if you do, you're still wasting effort re-coding something that already exists. The fact is, running the query on the order and filtering on the product may not be the most efficient way of getting the data. It might be faster query on the product and then filter based on the order. RDBMS's make those sorts of decisions all the time. I realized that most of your examples here have a flaw. They assume you've got a normalized data store. But in the authors example, that isn't the case. The items in the order are properties of the order. So, for example, your most popular query is wrong. You have to iterate on the orders and then iterate on the items. I doubt you can use an index for that. And you have to fetch the orders when you really only wanted the items. I was going for the same sort of thing with the number of items still in stock. A better example might be asking how much of a particular widget has been purchased. Apache -- where solid mature projects go to live out their days. Because of this article I installed the BetterPrivacy Firefox extension. Looks like a good no effort solution; I have it set to silently clear Flash cookies and super cookies when the browser closes. https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/6623 > About the normalised or not data - you have to design your data storage to your solution and needs. I understand your point. But once you have normalized data, don't you lose most/all the advantages of a NoSQL solution? RDBMS's are designed to handle the searching, joining, and filtering of normalized data -- NoSQL solutions are not. My original comment about "lack of imagination" applies -- If you're designed your data to handle as many scenarios as possible (which obviously the author of the article did not) then you will end up with something that is fully normalized. If you need performance, whether it be in an RDBMS or not, you'll need to sacrifice some flexibility. But it seems like with NoSQL you're prematurely optimizing -- picking a solution with a very specific use-case when you're most likely not going to need any of the supposed advantages. I'm not suggesting that NoSQL doesn't have it's use, but most of these articles advocate using it by default and in situations where it's clearly not appropriate. The author of this article, using it for e-commerce orders, seems like a very inappropriate use to me. The registry existed in Windows 3.1 for COM. It was from that it was expanded to hold every possible setting. For the opening ceremonies, I watched both the CTV coverage (first) and then later in the evening the NBC coverage. I was pretty shocked at the differences -- the NBC coverage was terrible: Horrible camera angles, bad panning and zooming, almost no close-ups on single performers and way too much on group performances, terrible lighting, the audio cut out twice during a major performance -- you name it, it was poorly done. Watching it on NBC, you'd think the entire opening ceremonies was 2-bit production. I was actually surprised that there simply wasn't one set of cameras for everyone involved. Isn't that putting the cart before the house. JavaScript has no standard way of importing/using libraries -- that seems like a prerequisite for something like CPAN. Otherwise instead of an organized repository of libraries, you just have a bunch of code. My family has had some personal experience with banks freezing accounts -- it can be done on the whim of a single person. That person probably didn't think of any of those consequences in this instance. The article glosses over a significant part of Google's argument: "To be clear, none of the four Googlers charged had anything to do with this video. They did not appear in it, film it, upload it or review it. None of them know the people involved or were even aware of the video's existence until after it was removed." Why exactly where these people charged with anything? What kind of ridiculous law is this? I feel this has less to do with free speech and internet freedom than it does with common sense. My biggest complaint about Flash is that it isn't truly part of the web. If you have a completely flash based site, all browser conventions go out the window: bookmarks, the back button, and deep linking. Sometimes even non-browser conventions are gone like cut'n'paste, printing, or saving to a file. If you're going to do that, you should have a good reason beyond "it's easy" and "you can have music" Flash is most successful when it's used properly: for small regions of video or cool interactivity. It's least successful when it's used to replace a properly coded website. I don't think the 'web elite' want Flash to die necessarily; they just want all the same cool toys but with something that plays nice with existing web conventions. And they also don't want to sharecrop on someone's proprietary platform. I'd argue the author has taken a very shallow look at the issues involved here. Actually, a lot of Ajax handles the back button very well. The Extjs framework, as one example, lets you back through almost all the navigation including flipping between dynamic tabs. I'm not even sure how they've implemented that. There was a Ajax chat application that was posted here recently. And this was my comment: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1128206 The back button is an extremely useful feature and should probably be in every application. Whenever a user gets confused or lost they just click that button -- it's a universal undo for navigation. > Why can't competitor's "adopt" OS X and iPhone by copying them feature for feature, polish for polish, detail for detail They can't copy the code for OS X because it's covered by copyright. They also can't make it look exactly the same because of trademark. What does that leave? A competitor could then still completely implement their own operating system, User Interface, related hardware, and put the effort into polish and attention to detail. And somehow that's a problem that requires legal recourse to prevent? I've run a few medium sized sites (with traffic most people here would drool over) and I would say that people are much more forgiving of slow pages than lost data. Losing a few forum posts would cause riots in the streets. The disconnect here is that only a tiny percentage of sites on the Internet have the requirements of Twitter and Facebook. They are outliers. Using them as an example here is ridiculous. I'm not sure why, these days, anyone would choose Berkeley DB over something like sqlite. Unfortunately, managers who aren't defensive about new technologies end up working with XML databases! Not all new technologies are better and certainly the benefits of NoSQL are up for debate. The same argument about branches in source control can made about SQL itself. In my opinion, a large number of developers don't know how to code SQL properly and a lot are afraid of it. They end up using an RDBMS as nothing more than a dumb bit bucket -- often hidden behind increasingly complex abstractions. The NoSQL movement, unintentionally, lets these programmers feel superior about their lack of knowledge. I don't want to argue against the legitimate use of NoSQL solutions. I just don't think there are enough use-cases to justify the hype. For example, an article was posted here last week about using NoSQL solution to store e-commerce orders. Tocuhscreen PDA's have been around forever , I'm actually a bit disappointed that the above quote appeared in the article. My first smartphone was a Sony Ericsson P800 ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sony_Ericsson_P800 ) which was a touch screen device with a web browser and it was released in 2002 ! The iPhone was not, at all, revolutionary in that regard. It's merely a really good refinement (multitouch and a flush display) of what came before. I think it's worth noting that WebKit itself is based on KDE's KHTML library. Apple didn't develop WebKit so much as decided to use KHTML over Gecko. Both the Gecko and KHTML projects were started around the same time. Give him a break! Do you know how much more effort it would have taken to dig deeper into the subject? I think it probably meant server-side Java, not applets. Baby's are attention craving machines -- all they want all the time is attention. If doing good things gets them attention, they'll do it. If doing bad things gets them attention, they'll do it. As much as you are training them, they're training you. Most experts, however, do not recommend just letting babies cry it out. Sleep training involves going in a making your presence aware for increasing lengths of time. Giving a baby too much attention at night, however, will simply train them to wake up and get it. Although the one truth with babies is that everyone is different -- sometimes it does require drastic measures and sometimes you don't have to do anything at all. You can't just bolt code from one platform onto another. Google shouldn't buy them; they offer nothing that Google needs. However, if there are any struggling phone manufacturers, buying Palm for WebOS to distinguish themselves from the competition might be a good idea. I'm not so sure it's merely that this person is entitled; this is exactly what society sells people. Every child is told that they should go to college, get a degree, and they'll setup for life. So people study for years and pay tens of thousands of dollars -- it would be totally irrational to do all that without the expectation of getting something for it. If whole thing is a big con then this person is just a victim. A friend of mine worked at a general electronics repair business and he said 90% of the work is in the diagnosis. Customers would bring in their equipment, he would crack it open an examine, and a lot of customers either didn't like the repair price or simply didn't come back. Since he'd done most of the work just finding out what was wrong with it, he almost always fixed it. So they ended up with a lot of extra electronics to sell. How much work goes into determining whether the laptop is fixable? Probably enough to warrant a charge. 5 minutes? It probably takes 10x that just to get it into the hands of someone who can make that assessment. > What does your advanced degree tell employers about your ability and motivation to solve their problems? For many years that was the point of a degree. It didn't really matter the subject of degree to get a job; people with degrees were seen as more motivated and better problem solvers. And it was probably true: getting a degree was hard, expensive, and very few people did it. It selected you out as someone worth employing. Of course, because that's true more and more people started to go to school to get degrees. In fact, programs were created so many people could get degrees as possible. High schools dropped shop classes and focused on getting every student into higher education. Higher education itself got a little easier to accommodate these students. The result is that now a large portion of the population go to college and university but the selective nature of higher education no longer exists. It's still being sold to students exactly the same way but the benefit for employers is gone. MySQL is a good product, but it does have some significant failings when it comes to getting top-notch performance out of indexes. Digg's description of their entire setup seems a bit unusual -- from how they've defined their tables to their query methods. It seems at least somewhat likely that they were not making optimal use of their technology. I'd be curious what the traffic/content difference between Digg and Stackoverflow is. Stackoverflow uses an architecture very similar to what Forbes proposes here and they have plenty of capacity on rather unremarkable hardware. > Why are people talking about NoSQL and relational databases as if they're solving the same problems? If you can switch from one to the other and back again, how are they not solving the same problems? And just because you've got a clever saying doesn't mean we aren't just dealing the two different kinds of screw drivers. That's the whole point here. In this case, is the data schema-less? They started with a defined schema and maybe now they don't. Your data defines the tool, but you define the data. I can store JSON in a MySQL column and you'd say I'm using the wrong tool. But I decided to define a schema instead, then I'm using the right tool? It's pretty arbitrary. Some requirements do lean one way or the other but most of the time there's not much of a difference. The areas where clearly an RDBMS is the correct solution or where NoSQL is clearly the correct solution aren't an issue. I think there are huge areas that do overlap. NoSQL is being advocated in far more situations than just where it's clearly the correct solution. "If they are going to spend that much time logging in just to leave a comment they are probably going to make sure the comment is worth the trouble." I might have something valuable to say but I don't bother jumping through hoops, ever. I visit dozens of sites a day from hacker news and I'm not signing up for a dozen blogs a day. The cost is just way too high. Instead, I'll just comment here. Admittedly, requiring people to sign up will stop people from posting truly contentless replies. But there some very intelligent well spoken people who just won't bother -- they have better things to do. Subversion doesn't require a server either. You can create a repository anywhere. I wish they still had the Nintendo Seal of Quality -- there is a flood of crappy games available for the Wii (and similarly the Gamecube before it). Those seriously hurt Nintendo's brand. The worst part of Apple's approval process is that it does very little to improve the quality of the apps. The crap still gets approved if it satisfies Apple's limited criteria. It's pretty clear the benefit for the approval is for Apple and not the consumer. The numbers in the article are strangely inflated. In addition, as if the need for DBA disappears when you've simply changed your data storage software. Somebody still has to know how it works and manage it. If you don't need a 50 node cluster because your RDBMS is pulling down big numbers, then you don't multiply the cost of the RDBMS solution by 50 either. The numbers posted here are pretty reasonable. 37Signals spending $7,500 on disks isn't outrageous. That's less than the cost of a single developer integrating a different solution over a few months. How long has Digg been working on this transition and how many employees did it require? They've probably spent a fortune. Just not on hardware. Absolutely. Facebook. Google. All great examples of the need for a different solutions. But I'm not sure about Digg. It seems like a very straight forward implementation would work for them. But given the small amount of information they've provided about their setup, it doesn't sound like they've ever gone for one. Compare them to StackOverflow, which at recent evidence, has about 10% of the traffic of Digg. They're running a very straight forward RDBMS configuration on rather pedestrian hardware. If Digg has a 50 node cluster (for example), StackOverflow should require at least a 5 node cluster. This response to Forbe's article doesn't address the central premise: "Shocked by the incredibly poor database performance described on the Digg technology blog, baffled that they cast it as demonstrative of performance issues with RDBMS’ in general, I was motivated to create a simile of their database problem." The central question here isn't so much the maximum performance you can get out of RDBMS system, or how it compares to a NoSQL solution, but how Digg is getting such terrible performance out of their RDBMS design! The numbers are just don't add up. This article is just a bunch of straw men and that avoids that main issue. And arguing that $7,500 is too much for a serious web SaaS vendor to spend is just comical. Actually, my thinking was 100 tables... so what! That's not a large number. Any software of average complexity will have 100 tables, easy. Many NoSQL proponents are endlessly gunning for the RDBMS, always counterpointing NoSQL solutions with the RDBMS, but then when confronted with specifics they throw their hands up and say "Different tools, man! Horses for courses!" I'm not sure you're really paying attention to the real debate here. Maybe people who are using non-relational data stores for actual work are employing it in tandem with RDBMS but most talk is about completely replacing RDBMS with NoSQL. This latest round of fun started with Digg replacing MySQL with Cassandra. Even other HN comments on this very article don't talk about using it tandem with SQL; most would probably consider that a waste of the advantages of NoSQL. I use non-relational solutions combined with a RDBMS solutions but that seems to put me on the other side of the debate. I disagree with the analogy. An ORM is like automatic transmission -- it hides the details of switching gears but the gears are still there. SQL is manual transmission: You have maximum flexibility to access your data in a variety of ways with reasonable performance. NoSQL then is like having no transmission at all! It's simpler, as there are no gears to shift and no clutch, and it's faster under very specific conditions. Just as NoSQL has no complex query API and is optimized to fetch your data in a very specific way. PHP developers don't like to reinvent the wheel. They were trying to use existing libraries that stored strings as UTF-16. Unfortunately since PHP developers don't like to reinvent the wheel, PHP is also based on a large number of 3rd party libraries that aren't unicode aware. It's really just limiting the difference in styles between the visited and non-visited. Which, if you think about it, is unlikely to affect too many layouts. I recently made some parts of my web application worse in this regard in order to be compatible with more US payment processors and some regulations. I don't think I'll have a huge problem with international users yet, but if it needs more code to satisfy them then I'll add it when necessary. Unfortunately, one big text field doesn't cut it when every other system you interact with requires separate fields. Somebody should be recording all these predictions so that in a year we can come back and laugh at the hype. Perhaps iAds will work because of Apple's well known approval process. It's one thing to create interactive ads, it another to keep the quality high enough in general that people bother to click them. What developer would choose to write an iPhone/iPad app with the risk of having to re-write or trash their app if apple drops the hammer. It won't get there before the iPhone is obsolete. You really think that web apps are ever going to get access the microphone or the camera? Also, a stop gap? I think there's an app for that. Handheld computers (with and without a phone) have been around forever. Apple has changed the game from that open reality to this and have been quite successful with it. You have it backwards. This is exactly what I thought the original app approval process would be for: an Apple "seal of quality". That would be a fine trade off for users -- they may only get the approved apps, but at least they're screened for quality. However, that isn't what the approval process is. There are literally thousands of crappy applications that were happily approved and clogging up all categories in the app store. It seems non-trivial app rejections are not done on behalf of the user but are done solely to protect Apple's own interests. Remember when a bunch of high-quality Google voice apps disappeared from store? And that's just one example, there have been many more. And now they're rejecting apps not based on their quality, but based on the programming language or development environment used to create them. How is that at all relevant to the user? This is entirely about protecting Apple's own interests and the comparison to Nintendo's lock down of the NES is not applicable. Yes, but then the app still wouldn't be "originally written" in Objective-C. But Apple will still be the first-class platform and Android will be the second-class citizen in that scenario. They can probably track how long you "interact" with the ad. That's probably much better data than providing up/down votes. I can't stand the Mac UI. In every way that it's better than Windows, there's some way that it's worse. The dock is a terrible interface element and having a menu at top the of screen may have made sense when screens where 512×342 pixels but makes little sense with giant resolution screens and multiple monitors. I'd say the all user interfaces from all vendors suck, including Apple. This reads like an apology for posting his previous blog entry about Section 3.3.1. He's wrong about MonoTouch; It lets you code in the .NET language, yes, but it still targets the iPhone APIs. By the same logic, they should ban C and C++ because you can write iPhone applications and Windows applications in it. He says "Adobe’s goal isn’t to help developers write iPhone apps" which is just silly. Adobe's customers are developers and it's in their best interest to help their customers make iPhone apps. Their technology is Flash so that's how they do it. It's really Apple that doesn't want to help developers by restricting their choices. It's trivially easy to tell. If it doesn't look like right, they can simply hold your app in the queue until you prove otherwise. Being sneaky in this scenario probably isn't a good idea -- Apple holds all the cards. > There’s a reason it’s at the top of the screen, and it has nothing to do with screen resolution. I understand the original reason for it. However, hitting the menu is an extremely large distance from what you might be working on now. I'm typing this on a multi-monitor machine -- this app is totally self-contained on one monitor. Why must I move my mouse across two monitors just use this app's menu? > Personally, I still can’t stand how Windows and Linux make no distinction between applications and windows. I can't stand how you can close all windows on a Mac and still have the process around with the only indication being a slightly difference in the menu bar. Amazingly confusing. Now this may be personal preference but it still shows that the Mac GUI isn't some ultimate model of perfection that everyone agrees on. Moore's law. Even desktop computers capable of rendering today's web pages haven't been around forever. But a web browser is just an app -- and all platforms have them now. I'm not sure what point you are trying to make. That might be true, but the implicit assumption here is that only EA can make AAA games and indie developers just produce crap. That assumption has been demonstrated to be false on both points. Yes but this excludes tools, such as MonoTouch, which actually do use the Cocoa Touch stack but allow you to code in C# rather than Objective-C. App reviewers don't get the source code so that's not a valid point. "Did everyone forget that when the iPhone shipped you couldn't write apps at all?" Yup. And did you forget all the complaints about that too and then the jailbreaking and then the development of apps without any SDK at all? You have to wonder if Apple would have ever created the app store if programmers hadn't done all that. "Why does everyone act like the iPhone should be as 'open' as an OS on your computer?" Why shouldn't it be? You act like merely complaining about something should be a crime. If Apple is well within their rights to do what they want with their platform, we're well within our rights to complain about it. That might be true, but is it worth the risk? No, it is a great analogy. Think of it this way, the record labels do what Apple does with it's review process -- ensure that 'quality' music is produced and distributed to listeners. But record labels do not limit what instruments can be used to produce that music. If Apple allows C, and they do, the choice of tool doesn't affect whether or not the device will crash. The analogy isn't broken because record labels and Apple both have a "review process". But record labels don't limit what instruments you can use. What Apple has done will not reduce the number of bugs or prevent crashing. > My point is only that I don't see what there is to complain about. I wouldn't complain about this any more than I would about not being able to write apps for my current crappy cellphone. Really? When I had a crappy cellphone, I complained that the WAP browser was constrained to my provider's walled garden. I managed to crack it enough get out and even write my own WAP applications. So not only did I complain, I did something about it. I also complain that my stupid DVD player doesn't let me skip over FBI warnings and previews. The fact that it was designed that way on purpose, doesn't mean it isn't something worth complaining about. I think it's funny you feel complaining about the complaining is important but the original issue is not significant in comparison. > It is true that I'd prefer to write an iPhone app in Ruby than in Objective-C. I just don't think that my preference is Apple's problem. I think we've touched on another disconnect. I don't think it's Apple's problem either -- it's our problem. We're still working out just how big of a problem this is for us. For you, the problem is no Ruby. > This could come back to bite them, but then again it might not. I don't really care if it bites them or not. I'm not trying to give them a friendly suggestion. I don't think they care. I just think it's a crappy thing to do. As usual, John Gruber lacks some awareness of the history of the industry and the technical details. The multitasking in iPhone OS 4 is not just similar to Android but also to Symbian and perhaps even the Blackberry. It's a very standard technique that has been used in handheld devices for over a decade. I suppose some jailbreaked iPhone users can comment on whether older iPhone's really can handle multitasking on 128MB of RAM. Considering that most devices have handled "true" multitasking with much less RAM than that over the years I'm not convinced it's truly a problem. They might not be able to hold as many apps in memory at once but that's what you get for having an older device. It'll be slower. But it should still be slightly faster than launching and closing every app all the time. When an app is swapped to disk, all it's code and data pages are stored. When it's resumed, the code and data pages are loaded back. This isn't so terribly different from relaunching the application (loading the code) and having the app restore it's state (loading the data). In fact, the app can even be more efficient in saving it's own state because it can discard anything it knows it doesn't need. This sort of system doesn't work on a desktop because you can view/use more than one app at a time. However, it's more than reasonable on a system where you interact with apps one at a time. This is pretty much how all mobile platforms have done it since forever. I doesn't sound like there is any way for the iPhone OS to selectively unload parts of an app. So, just like Symbian (and every other platform), the entire app stays in memory. The big difference with the iPhone is that there isn't any background threading except when triggered directly by the OS for a specific purpose. That's a fairly minor difference but it would prevent poorly written apps from eating up too much battery life (or doing other nasty things in the background). Having to graciously deal with being shutdown (and restore your state on relaunch) is pretty much the same model as the iPhone OS 4. > an experience Apple users have had with the couple decades of various levels of cross-platform development that Microsoft has done. I'm not sure that proves your point here. Microsoft has had a Mac development team since the very first Macintosh. They write native software that is not a port of the Windows versions. In the past, IE for the Mac actually had more features (and was more standards compliant) than the Windows version. All this proves is that, yes, native apps can be crap. Which is exactly why this rule is entirely pointless. It's the not the development tool that matters, it's the developer. > single handedly make me appreciate the fact that Apple is dictating that people write dedicated, high quality applications, directly for the iPhoneOS, rather than trying to do some crufty translation to that platform. They're also eliminating any other tool or language which can also be written directly for the iPhone OS. Something like MonoTouch uses the iPhone API directly, it just happens to allow developers to use C# instead of Objective-C. No translation necessary. Even Adobe Flash apps being recompiled for the iPhone isn't a big deal. A high quality Flash game like Bejeweled, for example, is going work great on the iPhone if Adobe did their job right. That is an opportunity for you to have apps you wouldn't otherwise have and it's not wasting programmer resources rewriting it to achieve the same result for nothing. Rule 3.3.1 does not mandate high quality applications. If you want that, make Apple use their approval process for that instead of their own selfish interests. This rule does nothing to give you want you want. If Apple wants to write 200,000 applications and post them to it's app store it does so... no wait. > If the future says we'll be able to cross-compile our apps... Apple wants to prevent that future, not embrace it. They'd rather sell millions of iPhones to consumers than sell hundreds of Macs to developers. It depends. Lets say that Adobe's compiler allows Zynga to quickly port FarmVille to Android as a native app. There are 82.4 million FarmVille users who, like crack addicts, always need their fix. They might just buy an Android phone for FarmVille and all the other games they play daily. Now Zyngna does as you said and hires someone to build an iPhone OS native version. It'll come out 6 months to a year later -- but it's there. Then what happens? FarmVille is always being updated. It's easy to update the Android version but iPhone version always requires more work. So inevitably it falls behind or stops working entirely. Is that really more attractive for mainstream users? If 10 .NET apps in the top 100, this is going to affect a lot of users as well. > It's probably a poor business decision to just "give up" $5000 per day of revenue because you need to rewrite the app. It's poor business to rewrite an app for no reason. How many months will it take to rewrite these apps just to achieve the exact level of functionality they have now? What if the developer has no Objective-C experience at all (which, given the choice of MonoTouch, might be likely). What a massive waste of time and money for nothing . > I'd probably jump at the chance to make a similar clone in hopes of taking it's place. On a forum full of developers, this attitude sort of disgusts me. Here are these poor developers having the rug pulled out from the under them but it doesn't matter because we're all replaceable cogs and someone will be there to take their place. That stinks. Also Apple had been dicking around with their OS strategy for years before Jobs came back into the fray. Initially Apple was not going to provide the Carbon API and tried "suggesting" Adobe (and other software firms) to port their software to this entirely different OS. Without the benefit of hindsight, Adobe made the correct decision. > they couldn't be bothered to keep their products up to date with Apple's OS and hardware advantages. Microsoft has maintained 20 years of backwards compatibility and Apple's OS and hardware is constantly in flux. Why is it Adobe's fault? It's hard work developing these projects, they have huge code bases and large numbers of users. This position is not supported by logic. > Let's say Apple brings out a new iPad with a special graphics processor. What are the chances that all the Flash apps will run slow as shit on the new iPad? Assuming it requires a software change, every single iPad developer will need to update their software to take advantage of it. But Adobe any simply update their software once and every single Flash application can be quickly and easily recompiled to support it. Not everything about Adobe's Flash compiler is immediately a negative. Nobody is saying it doesn't make business sense. Nike having children in China sew their shoes together makes business sense too. It's still just a crappy thing to do. I see no evidence that Flash is fading technology -- I suspect it's usage is increasing a regular rate even now. Almost every game on the web is a Flash game. How many millions of people play Flash games on Facebook? HTML5 may replace it for video purposes but that's only one (recent) thing that Flash is used for. If you have an iPhone 3GS right now, Apple will have long stopped providing updates before HTML has supplanted Flash for all things. Hell, HTML5 isn't even a standard yet. Are their products really all that better on Windows? Aren't a huge number of apps just like that. What does a twitter app do except communicate with a server outside their control? Even the Google maps application is just a viewer for some server-side data. It's not so much the layers of abstraction -- our machines quite literally do more but the software, at least on the surface, looks the same. I remember when Office added the real-time squiggle line spellchecking -- now that's everywhere including this browser textbox. If you go back a few years, you'll find a lot of software that is best described now as primitive. Abstraction layers are always slow -- PC's getting faster never makes them feel fast because our expectations of what software should do increases at the same rate. That's absolutely true, I just wonder where Apple would draw the line. How much server-side processing is too much? > the writing was on the wall as soon as Cocoa was released. Cocoa came first but Apple couldn't convince anyone to port their applications from Mac classic to a completely new OS with no marketshare. So they had to develop the Carbon API to get developer support. > Adobe chose to not use Cocoa and stick to Carbon even after it was obvious that it would be deprecated. Which was a smart move for Adobe. They have a lot of Mac code and converting it all to Cocoa is essentially a complete rewrite. You expect Adobe to have perfect knowledge of the future or a time machine. > They chose not to. It wasn't much a choice. OS X was in no way a sure thing. In fact, the only thing that actually allowed OS X to survive was Adobe's support of the platform. > Now, what are the chances of that happening? Not every developer will care to update their application. Did you read what I said? Isn't the possibility of Flash developers hitting "recompile" a lot more likely than Objective-C developers actually having to make code changes to support this new feature? > If all native apps are running fast with the hypothetical new hardware and Flash based apps were slow as hell, Flash based apps would start to get deleted very fast... Adobe's Flash compiler is exactly that, a compiler, which converts Flash apps into native code. If Adobe has done their job right, it's unlikely you'd notice the difference. And if you did, you would just delete them. Just like you would delete a crappy Objective-C app -- those already exist in droves. Can anyone describe how the Visual Studio 2010 IDE compares to 2008 IDE performance-wise? Approved apps have been pulled before (Google Voice apps) so they could do it. I doubt they would, but it's not without precedent. They are already affected. People will be afraid to use Unity for new projects because it's fully against the rules. You can't expect that your app will be approved. You can't expect that your app won't get pulled in the future. Now Apple may not actually do these things, but they've announced they can, so the fear is justified. The close button on Windows Mobile never closed the apps either, it just minimized them. If you ran out of memory, Windows Mobile would close the oldest used application automatically. A great blog post, the Emperor has No Close about this: http://blogs.msdn.com/windowsmobile/archive/2006/10/05/The-E... When an app is swapped to disk, all it's code and data pages are stored. When it's resumed, the code and data pages are loaded back. This isn't so terribly different from relaunching the application (loading the code) and having the app restore it's state (loading the data). In fact, the app can even be more efficient in saving it's own state because it can discard anything it knows it doesn't need. Paging is really only necessary if you can interact with more than one application at time. On an iPhone, that doesn't happen. Paging is probably less efficient than this system. If you want to edit a document and then save it as a new document you have to make that choice before you start editing on the iPad. A lot of people are going to destroy a lot of documents that way. It could be a simple fix to still keep the same model but right now it's not very intuitive. I agree. But versioning isn't implemented in the iPad and they may never implement it because it's too complicated for users to understand. Without it, though, any program that just saves your document (permanently) without asking is going to be annoying. I've got a pretty good setup going, most of the changes do not require any downtime at all. Adding a table or column rarely requires any downtime (the existing code knows nothing about the table/column and continues on it's way) -- push the DB change first then the code. Removing a table or column can work as well, push the code change first and then remove them. For more grueling changes (those that require data conversion), I still take down the site. I script the changes and then take the site down, convert, deploy, bring the site back up. Smaller changes take only a few minutes, longer changes can take hours. However, the length of the downtime is inversely proportional to how frequently you need to do it. Sometimes taking the site down is appropriate. For really big changes, users simply cannot continue to use the site and be unaffected. Actually they fully allow interpreters as long as it doesn't allow users to run arbitrary code. They allowed the Commodore 64 emulator once direct access to the BASIC interpreter was removed: http://www.joystiq.com/2009/11/10/iphone-commodore-64-emulat... Of course, all these products were put into the app store before rule 3.3.1. Anybody here actually hack a pleo? I've never seen this before but it looks cool. Any reviews by HN users? Rather than being a competition -- each version control system has it's own advantages and disadvantages. Now on the scale of version control, you're at a zero. Almost anything is better than what you're doing now. Even a solo developer should be using version control. For you, I would highly recommend moving to Subversion. It's relatively simple and has great (and free) integration with Windows Explorer and Visual Studio. And if you want to move up to Git in the future, it's not a terribly difficult transition. > What problem that I have will switching to subversion solve? You already have the problem (backups, multiple versions of code) you're just doing it the hard manual way. You could say the same thing about Visual Studio over Notepad -- what problem does it really solve? One is just a superior way to work. You're using stone knives and bearskins. Version control doesn't prevent you from using conditional compilation. You really wouldn't have to change your work flow at all. But you already make tarball backups -- taking the two clicks to commit your code is going to be much simpler. And if you ever screw something up, you can always go back to a working version. If you get around to branching and merging the full power of version control reveals itself. I'm currently working on a development branch of my software while the production branch continues to get bug fixes. When I'm ready to deploy, I just merge all those changes together. If you're say, changing an API, and then you've modified all the code that uses that API that's a large number of files with defines in them, right? Your work flow is limited to the method you've chosen not the other way around. To say it works for you sort of misses the point. Version control can free you to work in ways you can't yet imagine. > How does "bisect" know where the boundaries are? Clever algorithms. > What if you change the original code a bit, like re-indent it or make another trivial change? How can you look at both versions, preferably right in the editor? ' The file gets flagged in your editor as having a conflict. Inside the file, any code parts that cannot be merged are included the file (both versions) and you pick which one you want (or edit the changes together manually). It's actually very easy, very intuitive, and works with your editor. In most cases, you won't have conflicts. > Versions cached in the IDE? Directories? I've never had a problem with versions cached in the IDE -- probably because almost everyone uses version control it's not something that usually goes wrong. With IDE integration, it's even better. Directories are handled pretty sanely in Subversion, at least. The extra click is so that you can add a description of the changes, but if you want to resist even that level of organization you could script it down to one click as well. Your system just gives you a big dumb useless tarball. For the exact same effort, you can view changes to past revisions, revert any single file to a previous version, see exactly what you changed and when. Why you wouldn't want that power for the same effort, I don't know. > This attitude is unproductive, as I witness from other programmers' experience: You said your are a solo developer so you're telling me if you had the power to branch and merge you wouldn't be able to control yourself? You'd just branch and branch and never merge and make a mess of the whole thing? Even though you could do that right now just using the file system? The whole point of tracking your changes in version control is to prevent the very thing that you describe. I simply wouldn't be able to function without that ability. Our stable production version is live and we have big changes in development (over 5 months now). Without version control the bugs fixed in production would likely never make it into the new version. For the record, I agree with you on Git (on Windows at least). It's improved at a rapid pace but it's still a bit awkward. However, that's no reason to dismiss all version control. > Tarballs let you do that as well. No, they don't. I can right-click on any file and view all the changes as a diff, I can see exactly what I changed and when, and revert that file back to any previous version. You can't do that with a tarball -- at least not without significantly more effort. It's just better all around. > Those people are working on their own code base (total disaster, much of it due to branching and following the VCS "methodology". You're not required to use any particular methodology. I've seen people screw up with every technology in existence -- that's hardly a reason to head back into the woods and live like a cave man. There are very few things in the field of computing science that are universally agreed on. There are dozens of development methodologies, thousands of different programming languages, IDEs, etc. The closest thing we have in this business to consensus is the use of version control (even if the exact tool to use is still under debate). You're simply mistaken to assume not using version control is superior in any way to using it. There's nothing wrong with your own methods of development and backup but that isn't version control and it isn't incompatible with it either. > If you allow people to use flash, .net and other methods the quality of apps submitted will be largely lower in quality. There was a statistic posted early that 10 of top 100 applications in the store were written in .NET (MonoTouch). If that's true, a significant number of users are extremely satisfied with these products. The fact is, your assuming that apps written in Flash or .NET are automatically lower in quality -- that it's a given from the start. You haven't proved that assumption. (Now, I'll accept that for Flash it's probably would have been true -- but we were never even given the chance to know for sure). Apple still wins because their platform is the first class platform. You have his equation wrong. He says in this article that SVN is still better than CVS. And really, I would agree that tarballs are better than CVS. So the equation is more likely SVN > Tarballs > CVS. Don't put words in Linus's mouth. Also Subversion no longer stores it's data in a database so Linus's objection in this article has been resolved. Finally, Linus's needs are pretty unique in the world. Linus isn't satisfied with Subversion for the same reasons it might work perfectly well for you. Thousands of companies (and millions of developers) use Subversion. It's 10 year old. It's an Apache project now. It's solid. It's a simple and easy to use tool that will make your life better. That's all. If you find that personally offensive, so be it. If you've got limited RAM (which is the main problem with the 3G) you won't be able to multitask as many applications. A big game might knock out all the other apps. However, I don't see this as a problem. You own a 3G, you know it's limited. Why not just have slightly more limited multitasking? It is supposed to seamlessly handle this sort of thing anyway. I would be curious if the device is really unusable with, say, Pandora open and trying to surf the web. But if it can handle that, then I think Apple is probably just trying to force people to upgrade. How is that neither? That is the control part. They control what software gets on the device, period. If that is what bothers you then you should be just as upset with Sony, Microsoft, and Nintendo. They all run their own stores and they tightly control the retail channel. Their devices are computers you can't freely put software on too. Where's your indignation about them? If web sites can be like apps, why can't apps be like web sites? What does source code have to do with anything if we're talking about a content site? You can't (legally) do anything with this person's political cartoons on his website. The point is moot. Why would it take more money to support multitasking on the 3G? It's probably the exact same OS with the "support-multitasking" switch turned off. And how would that hurt the consistent experience? It's quite likely that in few months they'll be releasing a new iPhone that multitasks even better than the 3GS. Subversion now use text files for storage too. You have the option of that or the Berkley DB. In trying to prove that video games are art, Kellee Santiago uses as examples games which are trying to be art in a way that compares with film. It's not surprising that when comparing these games to film, using that framing, that Ebert would find it lacking. But what about a classic game like Super Mario Bros? It doesn't have a complex story told on wordy fortune cookies, it's not trying to force a particularly complex emotional experience, and it's not beautiful in the way of modern games. However, I'd still say that it's art. A different kind of art. One that's not comparable to film as so many examples here are. Look at Mario himself: There are so few pixels to work with but not only is he clearly a human, he actually has character. From his overalls to his 3 pixel mustache. The world itself is a unique fantasy of plumbing, princesses, and mushrooms. The music, due to technical limitations, is a bunch of repetitive beeps and boops but is infectious and never gets annoying even after days, months, even years of playing. The shrubs and the clouds are the same -- something that went unnoticed by players for decades. The first 5 seconds of the game shows you, not tells you, everything you need to know to play it. It's beautifully designed. But it's not the same kind of art Ebert is critiquing here and it's not the kind of art that Santiago portrays either. > If Adobe's UI control doesn't include a camera switching button what happens when you install the app on an iPhone 4G? Flash CS5 isn't going to be used to build the next big application. It will, however, be very useful for creating (or porting) games and other multimedia experiences. The iPhone 4G will likely have a higher resolution screen and Flash itself mostly resolution independent -- it might not take long for Adobe to update CS5 and all those developers could have 4G ready high-res apps in less time than it takes an Objective-C developers to fire up Photoshop. It's really not as simple as you make it out to be. > Do previously submitted applications using Apple's APIs directly automatically inherit the camera switch button? Most likely not. > Is the user going to sit there fumbling with the app annoyed that they can't use the features of the new phone they bought? It's been mentioned many times when discussing Apple's rule changes that developers and apps are easily replaceable. If Joe Developer doesn't update his app, it'll just be replaced by another app by another developer. The schools seem to removing days, not adding them, in order to meet their budget. This has been happening to me for weeks. So were they just jerking you around then? I'm also using an Aspire One for coding on my hobby project. I was pretty shocked at how well the device handles Visual Studio and other tasks. I haven't bothered tweaking the font size or anything, it just end up looking at a much smaller window of code at a time. JavaScript really doesn't seem appropriate for large software. Much of the features (like, for example, prototype inheritance) makes for small code but at the cost of some complexity. Even trying to ensure some measure of public/private data requires a lot of boilerplate code. Probably adding the necessary features to JavaScript to make it more appropriate for these tasks would ruin it for the things it's really very good at. What do you think that boilerplate code is made of? Closures of course. You simply can't make large scale software using just closures. You're looking at enforced privacy from the callers perspective not the callee perspective. For the callee, the benefit is you can change or remove any private methods or private data structures and be guaranteed not to affect any callers. It's the benefit of basic encapsulation. Although I completely agree with you about Prototype OO it doesn't necessarily preclude introspection. You can find out what kind of object it is (by looking at the constructor property) and you can iterate the methods and properties. Introspection is not a problem. But there are no guarantees -- if you find out that your object is a "bicycle" there is no guarantee it has a "pedal" method even if it had one on creation. Purchasing stolen property should be a much smaller investigation -- police do it all the time. While they shouldn't do nothing, this is a significantly more expensive reaction. Apparently, the original finder contacted Apple to return the device before selling it to Gizmodo. That's Opera Mini -- most other mobile platforms have the full Opera Mobile browser available (or soon). That browser is explicitly against the rules of the app store (as it runs interpreted code downloaded off the Internet). [Edit: What's with the down votes -- this is factual information] The $ also completely separates variables from the other namespaces, like reserved words. You can have variables named $if or $while and not worry about conflicts now or in the future. Really? I don't understand the point except perhaps that Ubuntu now wants to look more like Mac OS X than Windows. > If you are testing such code you make sure to run it. Ahh, but that's not the problem. It's easy to test the code your changing, it's a much harder problem to find and test all the code that depends on that code. Having the compiler spit out every instance everywhere that you need to fix due to a new type-mismatch makes this significantly easier. Some dynamic languages will happily convert values from one type to another even when that's not the desired result -- you might not get an error at all, just some bad data you might not find until much later. I think you're confusing the format of a file with the abstraction of a file as unit of data. Another way to look at the iPad is that it has files but it limits how you're able to work with them. As a content producer, you want to able to take your unit of data (photo, image, document, etc) and use many different applications to work on it. You might want to make a copy of it, rename it, or move it to other machines too. No abstraction will effectively take "files" away from you without also taking away the functionality behind them. I'm honestly not sure you've thought through the consequences of that. The problem with files is that there are so many of them! An average computer contains millions of files yet only a small fraction are actually created by users. Those files are images, or spreadsheets, or documents and people can understand and work with them pretty easily. But these files are often stored in deep folder hierarchies (C:\Documents and Settings\UserName\My Documents really?) on a hard drive filled with other hierarchies that nobody cares about. I don't think we need to get rid of files the way the iPad does, but we do need to rethink what a unit of a data to a user really is. For a user, a photo is a single unit of data (one file) but so is an application (many many files). Who do you think will making those Windows 7 phones? http://www.htc.com/www/press.aspx?lang=1033&id=124244 I understand the reasoning behind wanting LLVM but targeting x86 first actually makes a lot of sense. It differentiates this project from Silverlight, JavaFX, and Flash for one thing. But going as low-level as possible is a great way to start the platform and ensure that it's secure and free from cruft at the very bottom. It gives them a solid basis to begin adding on the abstraction layers like LLVM and binaries for other CPUs without settling on any one technology. > But coding is the easiest part of what they need to do. I agree that it's easy, but it's also time consuming. They originally gave themselves 3 months -- that's a vanishingly small amount of time to produce any kind of fully working product. I'm I the only one a little wary of scanning for privacy by logging into Facebook and then injecting someone else's scripting code into the page? (Edited for the pedantic) Makes sense but a lot of decisions are much less "important" than that as some are purely about the rendering and don't have many meaning beyond it. What's with all the unused function parameters? Shouldn't that be an edge case? The experience of Flash on mobile phones is currently better than the experience of the web on smartphones from just a few years ago. Progress will continue to be made. Do you run games on your phone? Aren't those multimedia apps as well? But they're ok and Flash is not? Why is choice a problem here? I don't fault Tynt for creating this service; it's actually a bit clever. I reserve all my blame for the websites that actually use this service. Sounds like exactly how I use my netbook. (Edit: when I can get it away from my wife) You haven't had problems but how much of that is because a developer, like this one, put the effort into making sure you haven't had problem? OpenGL itself exists to offer platform independence. I can think of ways to abuse this already. A lot of bad protocols exist because people didn't think it through enough and a lot of bad protocols exist because people thought it through too much. The protocol is a bit more readable here: http://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-hixie-thewebsocketprotocol-... The security protocol does seem a little strange: putting numbers into the fields interspersed with random characters and spaces, taking the numbers and dividing them by the number of space characters, and using 2 fields to make harder. There's a lot of dancing here to ensure that the protocol is implemented correctly. For $50, you could instead get the Zipit Z2. http://www.zipitwireless.com/default.aspx?skinid=1 It includes wireless b/g, has more internal flash, and installing Linux is well supported by the company: http://linux.zipitwireless.com/ Seems to have a reasonably active community around it. Android is less fragmented than Windows PC's ever have been and look how that worked out. Apple couldn't build better hardware or cheaper hardware than the clone makers -- they were losing on the top end and the bottom end. Today, Apple makes good top end hardware and would likely continue to compete there but allowing clones to capture the low end would dilute their premium brand. Yet that has nothing to do with fragmentation. If Android's applications to fail to invoke and include one another, at worst, that's just the same as the iPhone. > In the US, before the iPhone, the carriers (Verizon, AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile) had an ironclad grip on the rest of the value chain – particularly, handset makers and app makers. This is like one of those myths where if you say it enough time, people start to believe it. There were tons of smartphones available before the iPhone that let you install any software that you wanted. My first smartphone was the Sony Ericsson P800 and it was released in 2002! I had to change carriers to use to, too. The original iPhone was a great device with a wonderful interface, but it wasn't the invention of the smartphone. It did, however, sell the mainstream consumer market on smartphones. (The business market was long sold on the Blackberry). The author isn't completely wrong -- the explosive growth of smartphones (and not just iPhones) has completely changed the equation. Before, everyone was trying to get on the carriers dumb phones but even if they succeeded it would mostly be a waste of time -- the phones were just too dumb and nobody cared about the crappy experience they provided. There is way too much credit to Apple and Steve Jobs here. Before the iPhone, smartphones didn't have on-phone app stores. You downloaded/purchased your applications off the web just like you do on your desktop. There was a good market for software for smartphones with lots of developers and distributors. The article would have us believe that none of that existed before Steve Jobs but that's just not true. Dumb phones had carrier stores (and their firmware heavily customized). However, nobody I know has ever bought app for their regular 'dumb' mobile phone. Even the apps that were for free (like music players) were so horrible that they usually went unused. > but I find it hard to believe that none of them had on-phone app stores. They didn't. Carriers didn't really do too much to smartphones -- there was some customization (theme, background picture, etc) but that was it. Software is (and was) sold just as it is on the desktop. > if you wanted to sell your dumb phone game, you had to go through the carriers. There were tons of high quality games available for smartphones (including from big firms like EA) years before the iPhone was released. There was no on-phone store and you didn't have to go through the carrier. The iPhone popularized the smartphone, changing the equation from the dumb phone to the smartphone. But if Apple didn't do it, someone else would have -- Android was in development (and already purchased by Google) years before the iPhone was released, for example. That's right, I do remember the Sprint store -- but then I wasn't on sprint and it was still completely optional. I'm not sure it was ever much of a success. This is an awful lot like Rob Malda's famous quote: "No wireless. Less space than a Nomad. Lame." I'd go so far as to say that Apple never competes purely on features. They resisted putting features into the iPod (like an FM radio) for years and yet those devices still flew off the shelves. The iPhone 3GS screen is 1/4 the resolution of my now highly obsolete WinMo phone. Apple never rushes to add anything when they don't need to -- and that is not necessarily a bad thing. I'm not much of a gamer at all and I haven't bought a PC game in forever but I'm seriously considering Starcraft. The lack of LAN play and the forced tie-in to Battle.net is a bit of an issue -- my wife likes to play as well but it's not worth another $60 copy. There have been several articles recently about how money isn't a motivator for developers. But really, Apple is doing just fine getting cool applications, they don't need such a contest. If you have a really cool idea, are you waiting around for a contest to bother developing it? C++ is one of the few languages where in "foo->perform()" the -> and () can be something completely different than what you expect. There's almost nothing in that simple statement you can be completely sure of. I'd like to see Linus tackle a systems programming language now that he's tackled version control. I'd think that would be entirely within his domain. But C++ is not the answer here. It wants to be all things to everyone (low-level, high-level, object-oriented, functional, etc, etc) and is therefore useful for almost every kind of project but well matched to none of them. The STL overrides the bit shifting operators for output and the deference operator for accessing the current item in iterators. > So the only answer to controlling ourselves is to hobble our equipment? I totally disagree. A certain amount of muscle memory is the problem. I can open distracting sites without even thinking about it. I use the LeechBlock plugin for Firefox to block out distracting sites when I really need to get something done. For the first little while, I open the sites automatically (which, of course, doesn't work). Eventually my brain gets temporarily retrained and I don't do it as much. Bottleneck isn't really the issue (I have big dual-monitors, for example). No matter how much screen space you have, you can only look at one thing at a time. It takes your attention to read hacker news, for example. > Sounds like you might have an addiction. Isn't that what we're talking about here? Apple, Google, and Microsoft don't build all their own hardware -- not in the same sense as Sun, SGI, and Cray. Apple uses Intel and ARM chips (even the A4 is a Cortex A8 with a PowerVR SGX). Apple is builds the best cases for their hardware, but the hardware is all pretty standard.