NP-complete problems are for sissies. Paul Graham can solve any problem in the Arithmetic Hierarchy in O(1). hear hear because it overlaps almost completely with ruby. And Io, probably. we've been using it for almost a year now, and are pretty ok with it. There are occasional downtimes that are annoying, but as others said, not a big deal. We are also reasonably happy with the simple issue tracker, although it misses some _really_ important features it is ok for our needs (but damn, I'd love attachments). well, rubyspec covers builtin and bundled libraries. Not that this makes ruby-the-language simple, anyway. what is wrong with URI.parse in the stdlib? the articles' re goes out of url validation to get urlish things in free text, (e.g. " lokk at http://goo.com/bat , lovely" the comma would actually be part of a valid url, but the regex tries to detect this. Yet, for url validation ruby's lib is enough, I believe. try URI.regexp('http') :) slashdot style metamoderation FTW! just to point it out, postgres now has a builtin hash data type. This sees like it could be a better solution thatn serialized json http://www.postgresql.org/docs/8.4/static/hstore.html IIRC twitter images are served from S3, so probably just a different dns? compete, quantcast and alexa http://siteanalytics.compete.com/twitter.com/ http://www.quantcast.com/twitter.com http://www.alexa.com/siteinfo/twitter.com but with all the new deals they got, they are probably going to restart growing soon. And of course there are lies, damn lies and web-statistics-selling companies. I disagree with the premise: there are a lot of elegant logic puzzles (consider: to mock a mockingbird), it's just that a lot of puzzles dod not fall in this category :) I was thinking "eh, just like my brother used to", so I told him the problems and he solved both in about 5 mins (although the first one the same way I did, it seems trivial if you can ybpx gur fnzr fnsr jvgu obgu ybpxf ng gur fnzr gvzr but also seems slightly wrong) reason it is unsatisfactiry (I had the same) is that one of the safe is not used, imo apple and oranges, if the beauty of the problem is in a clean elegant solution that does not require all of the pieces, it is not a well posed riddle, or solution. That's why the solution to the wolf-sheep-cabbage problem is not "just add more floating stuff so you can bring all at once, idiot". The comparison to school and exams, appears unrelated to me: there are situations where external aid kills the point (e.g. calculator for arithemitic in firs grade). wrt value types, shouldn't it be partially solved by escape analisys? Cfr: http://weblogs.java.net/blog/forax/archive/2009/10/06/jdk7-d... not that it would matter much in the case anyway, I guess. I am surprised by the lack of the Brother Metal page, but I'm not sure if it deserves being added or deleted :) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cesare_Bonizzi one of the most interesting moments of my 2009 was listening to a guy showing off this http://tafkav.blogspot.com/ and talking about how we do not still consider plants (and computers!) as having rights (cfr. "Should Trees Have Standings?"). This seems completely unreasonable to us but the same was true between e.g. people and animals, europeans and native americans, japanese and chinese (see the nanking massacre). The "evolution of empathy" is probably still an ongoing process for which our descendants will consider us barbarians. yeah, although I wonder what is the reason for "Last modified: January 15, 2010", 30 mins later, no we're not >Twitter gets hacked more often than this. Really? I can remember only twice, in a bout a year, although admittedly I was not paying much attention that woul be true for most non verbal human communications, I'm afraid. My latest experience is with Norwegians, who seem to make an aspirated "uh!" sound for the equivalent of the conversational "mh-mh, keep going". I thought for a while they were perpetually stupefied people. the de beers de facto monopoly is a schoolbook example, e.g. why do they make commercials if they are the only ones seeling something? Because they have to prove that diamonds are actually better than other luxury goods (and also interesting is the fact that their commercials sell diamonds, not de beers diamonds) yes but you can't drive them around. You get yourself a cool car, wherver you go people will see a person in a cool car. You get a nice house only people in your neighborhood will know. I believe it's actually pretty easy in e.g. Preview.app on the mac. (I am having a bit of an issue parsing the last sentence but I guess it was "hasn't") Isn't the DaVinci/MLVM project an example of how Sun actually tried to move towards dynamic and non-java languages in the JVM? invokedynamic & method handles are already in the upcoming java 7, and that goes a long way towards supporting dynamic languages on the JVM. I never tried speedreading, but since a friend of mine surprised me by telling me she read 62 books last year my new year decision was to read more. I am keeping up with one a week until now and I am no genius yet I have a job, friends and girlfriend, so if studying how to read faster brings this little improvement, I'm baffled. the interesting bit is they are using code from webkit. I wonder if mozilla could also integrate google's Irregexp regular expression engine, which appears to be scarily fast in some probably irrelevant tests :) http://shootout.alioth.debian.org/u32/benchmark.php?test=reg... you may like __git_ps1 :) I actually implemented a shakespeare interpreter exactly cause I found it neat so here's an upmod :) no, I actually think he meant "given the same reindeers" roody, rufus, reek, flay, flog, probably more. Sadly, in the current state of the ruby community it's even hard to find a library that will run with ruby's own warnings enabled. happy zabbix user here, it's true, the ui is not especially obvious, but it works quite well, and with the graphing capabilities it is also a reasonable replacement for cacti. clean code, yes, but some of the warnings are actually generated in situations where the code won't be cleaner (e.g. lazy initializing an instance variable not declared in the initialization method) and since quite a lot of the most common libraries have _a lot_ of warnings, it becomes unlikely that you will have them enabled in your app, and so the thing self propagates IIRC oxen is a vestigial dual (not plural) form, so quite appropriate. may well be true, my source is an old State of the Onion talk from Larry Wall, which although a linguist is probably not the most qualified in the world :) well, I do, but I understand why people don't. The likely better solution would be to have structured warnings you can enable/disable by, selector such as warning class, declaring namespace, using namespace or whatever, but that seems quite unlikely :) I guess you only saw trymongo but never experienced the original TryRuby? If not, please take a look at it :) I'd say it stands better. You have to consider the author is of a literary persuasion, and wrote the article in the '94, unix was something obscure to normal people and popularity of free unixish things were years to come. I'd have bet on the lack of a generalized "good eating culture", which automatically makes ready made food more acceptable. what earlier books? I lived in rome for about 20 years and trust me, "angels & daemons" is way far from 'researched' even at the obvious geographical details. Though I agree his works do have a lot of crumbs of informations to put someone on a long wikipedia spree :) I (a guy) read a lot more fiction (because I'm usually reading a few books at once, and the ficton ones can be read faster), but my girlfriend mostly reads mostly non-fiction,because somehow she finds it more pleasant (apart from terry pratchett, apparently) I'd say he most interesting thing in neko is the idea of using a full featured simple language as the base for multi-language-same-vm interoperability. Contrast to, for example, parrot, clr. yet now they are much more overlapping: ads, mobile, marketplace, online services. It will be interesting to see what happens. but sony has proved that it could go on for almost seventy years even after the death of the founder, while apple had a pretty bad time when the charismatic leader was not there. I am honestly wondering if apple can survive steve. sorry i did not express myself clearly: I was not talking of the recent health issues, I am thinking of the years in which he was not at apple (eightysomething to '97) I took a loock at the code but I'm not sure i understand one thing: why one class per file for case classes, scala is much cooler than that :) it seems simple which is good, but it also seems way too simple. Some suggestions * I understand why you want to list A->B and B->A separately, but I'd say it should be the default that someone is able to translate both ways, so favour the common case and let users correct it later. * Also, If I am fluent in N languages, I must list all the individual pairs, but it seems unlikely someone able to translate english to swedish and english to norwegian wont be able to do swedish to norwegian too. I'd say "list languages you can work with, then review pairs" is a better option. What is there to guarantee the quality of the translation? I0've seen the stars, but they only make sense after a translator has worked for a long time. * Couldn't translators at least link/list previous works in the language pair? * Could we have some kind of meta-moderation? Say, each translator from lang x/y is randomly given a snippet of someone else's translation and can rate it. * Couldn't we have preventive moderation? Request translation of a tiny text for some non-profit org, say, two sentences of wikipedia, and submit it to other translators for validation (or just check it's not google translate's output) I've seen abhorrent translations between niche languages (e.g. hungarian & italian) because the customer has no way to tell if the translation is good, and usually does not even have structure in place to _collect feedback about it_. This means there is not even the chance of going back post facto to take back your money/improve your translation/give bad rating. In practice this translates into a perfect market for lemons Finally: technical writing is not marketing writing, nor literature, nor drama and especially not legal speak, I believe listing categories in which you are confident is much needed. But all in all, I wish you the best luck and these are mostly minor nitpicks :) I trick could be to change the interface: from [combo] to [combo] (and viceversa [check box]) This way you can keep your preferred default of only one direction but allow adding the other more easily. it's in the specs, starts at 449 with wlan, 16gb I still don't get the 200M losses per day. They are not paying back tickets /natural causes), nor taking care of passengers (hei, no out fault!) and I somehow doubt most people are buying tickets two days before flying. Can someone explain? they are lexically scoped, so as a non expert, I guess they are closer to scheme than to CL well, it works if you consider modern as an attribute explaining when it was made instead of what it contains. That allows you to have modern wheels, music, art. notwithstanding the validity of your message, you are objecting to something that you did not quote. If modern languages are more than a compiler, that does not denies the ability of the book to cover how to write a compiler. I'd say they suck because the authors cared about specific issues other than making the implementation not suck (which I guess means fast performance performance?). But how does lua bears lisp inheritance in its implementation? IIRC lua does not use pointer tagging which is a typical lispism, uses tables for everything, has no lists, and uses a different approach for implementing closures. Are you thinking of LuaJIT(2) ? I never heard of it, why not write about it? Anyway, if this[0] page is related to your mantis, obscurity is surely connected to the usage of a tag ;) [0] http://appdev.cincom.com/ as a non-native english, honest question: does "room" also means something else from "some space with walls around it", or you actually have a very large room? thanks for taking time to explain :) I believe the most important enhancement is the set of changes that went into the compiler itself to make it more usable from IDEs. Give me a development environment for scala with working autocompletion and refactoring tools on the level of eclipse's JDT and I promise I will convert my company :) well a good text editor can still take advantage of autocompletion, inline error reporting etc ;) "how to learn in days", and "how to lose in " are commonly considered dumb slogans. Apparently, though, the intertubes are still very keen on "how to learn in ". If someone has a good explanation or theory I'd be really interested in learning it. apparently, george soros is a native esperantista :) appengine runs jruby, that is good enough :) does make world also builds the kernel? It's been a long time since I last used a bsd and I seem to recall that "world" was only userland, but I may be completely wrong thid seems similar to what topcoder does code and configurations or it didn't happen Preach it brother! Sadly, in my experience that worked for the first language, but not for the second. I guess my mind simply is not good enough anymore. For the actual syntax/functioanlity, see code http://hg.openjdk.java.net/lambda/lambda/langtools/raw-diff/... http://hg.openjdk.java.net/lambda/lambda/langtools/raw-diff/... http://hg.openjdk.java.net/lambda/lambda/langtools/file/7704... or, he was just talking about RAID0 I was going to ask about it: to me the Xbox division seems pretty successful, especially if you consider that ten years ago microsoft was not in the console market at all. Acccording to wikipedia, they have sold 40M units of the latest incarnation (iphones total at 50), they have probably the best online services (according to my hardcore gamers friends), the most open marketplace, and at least they seem to be trying to innovate. Is there a reason for never taking this division into account when talking about how MS is going to die horribly because of only milking the cash cows? I didn't downvote, but it could be related to the fact that to an argument 'a> b' you replied "a = X", which while true does not denies the argument. I was going to jest "the pursuit of happiness!". Then, a little investigation proved that it is, ironically, also in the declaration of indipendence Ho Chi Min wrote for the democratic republic of vietnam. Well, I'm OT but I felt it was interesting to share this :) while this is a great article, and it is probably 99% correct, isn't there something wrong with generalizing from "I hired one artist with flexible time, it was good" to "all hail artists flexiworking as the revolution to come" ? (Or Did I miss the listing of other artists he hired in the article?) With envy, a fairly flexible (sadly-)non-artsy worker and 26.03% "Microsoft" ? that would be "does the entire keyspace fit in memory?" being really good at writes does not mean it's really bad at reads, it is actually pretty good (in our cassandra cluster we have ~1ms latency which may be tolerable or not but it's not a lot) EDIT: and we don't have row caching enabled i still don't get the redditness, someone care to explain ditto for begin/end isn't this a reductionist view? the night of the long knives is just the first example I can think of, but I'm pretty sure there were more examples of people _becoming_ undesirable. I had not heard of a "arrest to quota" design in the USSR, could you point me to a relevant source so I can read about it? I still disagree on the main point that to be at risk in nazi germany you had to somehow defy the regime. Your view seem to be that in nazi germany you could simply comply with the ruling ideology and be fine, but as I said above, you can think of the killings and arrests by the thousands of the SA (which had been key to hitler's seize of power) as a glaring counter example. Moreover, the gestapo mostly run operations based on delations from common citizens (the origin of the "gestapo=big brother" misconception), it's not hard to imagine how mundane they can be. Unless you have a much better view of humanity than I have :) hey have been available as experimental options for quite a wile ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_version_history#Java_SE_6_... ), and at least for G1 they seem to still be. I have the impression, reading the release notes, that compressed oops and escape analysis may be enabled by default now, but I'd be happy if someone could shed some light the place where I'm now ( http://cascaad.com ) does use the freebase dumps as a primary source for out entity database (though more are in the works). It is pretty usable even if some interesting data is not available. The dev list and irc channel is also a very useful source. We hope to be able to provide rdf/rdfa links at some point, because, hey, the semantic web is a darn cool thing :) as a side note, bohem's gc is also generational http://www.hpl.hp.com/personal/Hans_Boehm/gc/#details Nice idea, but how do you handle privacy concerns? I don't think there is anything in "parse" that implies relation to a specific type-N grammar, why do you think so? (the oxford american heritage dictionary seem to agree, but I'm not a native speaker) You may enjoy this http://www.a-k-r.org/abnf/ and the t-shirts :) uncontested "trust me, if you type google into google you will break the internet" for the sake of just finding a counterproof to something I agree with: maybe perl for the second? There is basically no *nix without perl (I recall it was also part of the MS build system for rotor), it has influenced basically every programming language in the last decade and it's been a dependency of the linux kernel build for a long time, though I seem to recall it's now removed :) I thought it went by the name octopussy, but i want one too is a bunch of money better spent investing in US or creating stronger economies that can actually buy what is produced there? The post WWII marshall plan comes to mind. Czechoslovakia? I believe life cost and style, from what I've seen, is quite different between the czech republic and slovakia in what way does corruption obstructs a startup working on the internet to the world? It is an issue if, say, you try to market you new cool X thing to local administrators and state owned companies, but that does not seem the case for the OP. if the hot/cold idea is deeply rooted in you, it makes sense that you are able to tell what is what, but that does not mean it's not arbitrary, just that you have assimilated the method on a deeper level. Consider italians, and pasta. Basically everybody knows "instinctively" if a sauce makes sense with short or long pasta, but in the end it's still completely arbitrary :) interestingly, if you search for a random term,it shows listing "anywhere" randomly: 6 results for asdf http://jobs.github.com/positions?description=&location=a... 3 results for asd http://jobs.github.com/positions?description=&location=a... (number of results seems related to input size) i don't understand why #3 was not ambitious enough, could you explain? There are a host of language learning tools, but a lot of them are simplistic, or very poor, or very expensive and only support a few languages (e.g. as you're hungarian, I've yet to find a good one supporting your language). Language learning is not a solved problem, afaict :) I guess the issue is on the definition of "stupid things". I love to watch a movie, and I enjoy a quiet lunch and talk over the coffee and dessert. I don't travel by bus, but when I used to commute I would spend the time reading. Things that are stupid relaxation to someone, are the actual goal of someone else. (yeah I can still cut on reading hn of course :) am I the only one bothered by the second formula? ¬(¬MY_PEEPS ⇒ ¬SKILLZ) ∧ ¬(¬SKILLZ ⇒ ¬SOFTWARE) at first sight it could be quite more simple as ¬(SKILLZ ⇒ MY_PEEPS ∨ SOFTWARE ⇒ SKILLZ) (contrapposition, de morgan) I think in their current form (game-ish) they are. But attaching useful information to real life, that's not, it's just one of the sides of a future internet of things, and I believe that is where we are headed. but there is no way of getting out of the eurozone, both in the "no actual procedure" and in the "no actual chance". If greece got out of the euro, it would get instant weimar-like inflation. Moreover, the SPV and the bailout plans in the eu seem to be more like smoke and mirrors than concrete stuff (e.g. bailing out greece with money coming from portugal which is in the same position) an editorial site for people at their second startup experience, on the line of the setup? It would actually be interesting I guess :) Otherwise: a browser based game in which you have to find the second male sheep and mark it with a star? once I was in a conversation with two friends of mine, one of them had recently switched to dvorak and was explaining us how he was using some software to improve his typing speed. The other replied "you are a programmer, you're supposed to spend 90% of the time thinking about what you do, why do you try to slightly improve the 10% spent writing it"? Do dvorak users out there find themselves much more productive at the end of the day because of their typing speed? Well you dont need to upgrade to support something, i have a rails 1 app around working without issues for years, though i plan to upgrade it ;) The ultimatum game as described in the article does not make sense. It is important, and not explained, that the offer is made only once, and that the other party is aware of the game (eg: "here is X" -> "cool thanks" vs "here is 1/100 of what I get if you accept this" -> "screw you"). I must have explained myself badly: I meant, this information is not in the article :) this seems a clever move, but as I understand it it's something for content providers, not users. As such, it would appear issues from content consumers such as mozilla still stand, or am I misunderstanding? sinc people already pointed out the missing ack & comm, I'll add: no love for tr? have you tried confluence? Anyway, even in the free/open world, a lot of wiki software come with simple wysiwyg editors and templates there are also a huge number of free apps that simply should not be counted, and that would push the average return-on-app much higher. FWIW, I don't really like confluence either (I do have an high opinion of other atlassian's products though), it just seems to fit the OP's wanted-list :) this was my first thought too (and there are plenty of washing machines with a couple of buttons and the rest hidden behind a panel to prove it, I thought). But this is also addressed in the article, in the addendum part: """ One person truly misunderstood because he advocated hiding the extra controls, thus preserving the apparent simplicity. Sorry: it is the apparent complexity that drives the sale. """ and """ While iMatix was the original designer of AMQP and has invested hugely in that protocol, we believe it is fundamentally flawed, and unfixable. """ and to avoid silly warnings from some static analysis software (e.g. findbugs telling you you are repeating a hardcoded string N times and you could use a constant) as far as I remember: yes they were using it on v3 too, for some things because in part they are the cassandra authors, I'd say. They have been contributing code to cassandra for quite a while. I am under the impression that phoronix usually does poor "journalism". I still need to understand why file systems get tested using compression and compilation benchmarks. I would say macbooks are a point in favour of the previous poster. They made some serious progress by becoming intel machines, i.e. PCs. the question is: why would I _use_ it even if I joined it? I am a buzz user but I never posted anything directly through buzz. Why should I, the number of my friends on facebook is tenfold and does not include people that once mailed me about a typo in my blog. I would buy it, seriously or "better to repent than regret" (I believe that is also an english saying, though I may be wrong) interestingly enough, massimo banzi used to be a teacher in a grad school in italy that is now disappeared ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interaction_Design_Institute_Iv... ). we ( http://cascaad.com ) do. Albeit admittedly I live in hungary :) I thought of this too but considered it as different. forgiveness/permission is what I'd think of before kissing a girl, while repent/regret would be what I'd think before going out with her ;) Thanks for the reply. runtime compilation is what most common use jvms have been doing for a a few years though, so java programmers could get the right connotation :) play framework, I'd say http://www.playframework.org/ so, if the first call posts a tweet and the second does not, we shall be satisfied? I stand by the side effect free side :) (notice that tweet posting is actually kind of idempotent in twitter: if you post the same message twice, it will only appear once) I believe that it should be given to a student answering perfectly to the given problem. If you give A+ it to the best in class it would mean that a mediocre student in a class of terrible students would get away with perfect marks all the time. Which is what happened to me until I got to the uiversity, (as the mediocre one) and I felt it was wrong all the time (though it did save me a lot of work :) "long time" git-achievements user (half a year I guess?) here. You should not be worried, while in the first couple of days you may get a boatload of achievements that kind of make you interrupt your stream of codingness (but it's ok since they are a new toy), g-a fades out pretty fast in the background. also, the performances are quite good, and you are able to buy support from ibm/sun/oracle. Neither it's true for python/ruby/perl etc. While I do second your impression that many books I liked where referrals, I'd say that the image of a customer sampling a book in a public library or bookstore seems to be quite an iconic classic, and thus it makes sense to port it to a new media. On the other hand, while it is hard to judge a book by it's cover, it's not so crazy to judge it from a few paragraphs: if it's a funny book, you can usually tell right away if it's your genre of irony, and if it's fantasy you can see easily if it's all smeerps and naked heroins dressed in leather and so on. Some things do grow on you during reading, but if you can't stand a pompous verbose style (or a crude bare one) you can avoid starting reading something you won't ever even finish. But, obviously, all of this is IMO. hear hear! For what is worth, I don't understand why they don't integrate with existing projects as a premium service. Not only bitbucket but github, patch-tag etc. why not? Anyway, I guess the point was that by adding wording that may be offensive to some readers you are not improving the quality of the message, unless you want _that_ to be the message, which is in fact the (wanted or not) result of the OP. (nonetheless a decent analogy) but d2d is not available on xp, so they are not actually telling lies, the tl;dr version is correct, they simply don't want to port new apis to old boxes. this makes a lot of sense for both, but something is not clear to me: what will happen to the FB chat system, are they going to integrate that too somehow? Wasn't FB chat slated to become a "normal" jabber service? an interesting and much lighter source of information is the movie/documentary from 1993 called "N Is a Number: A Portrait of Paul Erdős" though IMDB seems to have it with a short accent :) I believe "nuntios electronicos" translates to "electronic messenger" not "mail". Which is kind of cool though :) Ah, neat. But latin does have a word for mail in "epistula" (and probably "littera"), and a message is not necessarily a mail. Or maybe I'm failing english and there is no distinction between the two in this language/internet world :) I don't understand your problem, but you may be interested in investigating the existing solutions: - cluster of solr servers (but it basically means different indexes composed at query time, so scoring will be affected depending on how you shard, at least last time I checked) - katta, a platform for serving large lucene indexes - lucandra, a reimplementation of the Index(Writer|Reader) classes of lucene over cassandra (and of solr) - lucene-on-cassandra, implementing only the Directory interface over Cassandra - lucene over distributed memory(terracotta) or grids (gigaspaces, elasticsearch) but once again, I have no idea of what your problem is so I don't know what you may want. Basically I'd say the problem boils down on implementing the index in a distributed way if you want scoring consistent with the normal lucene, or just sharding/querying different indexes and reconciling the results if you can live without distributed tf/idf have you tried headless eclipse and vim? http://eclim.org/ > With all the tools at the cmdline, you can do anything. only if your definition of 'everything' is limited, all the refactorings in a half-decent ide are quite hard to get right with awk & sed. For what is worth, even something as simple as finding all elements in a type hierarchy are quite unobvious to do with shell tools for me. well, if I was so good to get code right at the first time, I would not need refactoring at all. Alas, I'm not :) I agree that, all the things you can do with automatic refactoring you can do with a change/compile/fix loop, but it imposes an higher amount of friction, which (even in a subconscious way) pushes you into not making changes. As a ruby and python dev using vim, I can even feel this in changing a single method name (with sed, obviously not syntax aware), as a java one without a supporting ide I'd seldom venture in a "extract superclass and use it where possible as return value" kind of change. I believe the same but I have no data, could you point to some source? zabbix user here, and it works nicely. But man, it is painful to use. i am somewht responsible for the original idea, though others have done, well, all the work :) Scalatra has a few rough edges but since it takes about 2 minutes to have somehing running it is worth trying it out yourself :) damn it had a typo in the fib generation for the second number and lost a lot of time trying to factor a _massive_ number that was obviously the wrong one :) well, you may not be able to live on oil alone, but the oil funded norwegian sovereign fund already owns 1% of the global equity markets and are heading for 2% of the european stock markets (with the oil still being pumped out). Moreover, an embargo is only effective if it can be enforced, there is nothing stopping chinese goods going from other european countries, they would only have a bit higher overhead. godaddy parked domain? IIRC in "freakonomics" (and underlying papers) quite a bit of time is spent analyzing why kids are successful or not, and proving (for economists' values of "proving") that peer influence is by far the most discriminating factor, even above family. So the function that "seem to be" was at least also statistically recongnized and studied :) (Also, it would point in the direction that what is needed for better education is a more homogeneous mix of the kids, I guess) while i agree with your basic point (personal judgement on Gates not adding value to the comment) I'd like to point out that even if someone does some good to non-wasp people he can still be a white supremacist. E.g. Cecil Rhodes was held in high estimation from the Ndebele people to the point of receiving a king-like burial ritual from them, but he still thought that british were god's gift to mankind. isn't the "frequency" perl script the same as "sort | uniq -c" ? I would blame/credit audrey tang, pugs and the lambdacamels for popularizing the takahashi method[0] (notable difference from lessig's style is the lack of non-text content). My feeling about this is mostly anecdotical, but during the days of crazy pugs development a massive number of hackers from different communities was exposed to what was happening, tools designed for building such presentations bloomed, and, well, after that time I've seen a lot more of those :) [0] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Takahashi_method that most people in the world do not use bidets http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bidet up until the end, I also thought "so good you won't be able to leave it" was the intended message. It also recalled an old halo commercial on the lines of "I used to have a boyfriend, then halo came" (not sure if it only aired in my country or worldwide). Frankly while I think the ad is fun, it does not seem to be convincing. But that's probably not the point, I guess the only goal was to have this become some sort of viral video. People only need to be exposed, not convinced. Except when they are not (surface, tablets, web integrated in the OS) and everybody says they are idiots :) they are still selling them, not massive success it appears http://www.microsoft.com/surface/en/us/default.aspx the richards benchmark is not only a simulation of OS scheduling though, it's a classic benchmark of method dispatch performance (at least from what I recall, which is why everybody is using it via a Smalltalk inheritance and not reimplementing the bcpl code) isn't it also an example of how the system in general fails to educate people not to live over their possibilities? Why did the person end up desperately needing $200 more than she earned at the end of the month in the first place? Why does he have no savings put aside for the rainy days? Why doesn't this person have a safety net of some kind, be it family, friends, a boss that can pay in advance etc.. and yet ends up with debts at the end of the month? (there are obviously many reasons for finding yourself in a shitty situation, but from the outside the size of irresponsible personal finance management in the US seems crazy) interesting, I had not heard of this. It still does not play nice with curl, but seems a sensible idea. but ruby supported different encodings from the start, such as shift_jis, utf8 and euc_jp, it's just that the support was not "good enough". The reason why it took so long to have an improved one is also to be searched in the will of core ruby devs to support something better than only unicode. no, they are not (uptimes measured in hours), on windows laptops hibernation has been working fine in windows for a few years. I don't know of any unix different from osx for which the same applies. Servers and desktop are not really the point of discussion here. yet, some java developers are mac users, losing them does not seem smart is there such a proliferation? the only java app I use on the mac is cyberduck, and it is neither shoddy nor un-maclike many SWT apps, using native look and feel, still feel slowish (think azureus/vuze if not eclipse). Some AWT apps are perfectly snappy e.g. jedit opens a file faster than macvim on my box. My belief is that apart form some overhead in AWT against native toolkit, 90% of the laggish experience in java apps is due to poor coding. In turn, this is probably a byproduct of the java platform/language (abuse threads cause they are easier than an event loop, abuse locking cause synchronized is more obvious than util.concurrent, avoid thinking of memory management cause you have a GC, do not pay attention to proper data structures cause you can get away with builtin collections etc) code I wrote myself :) First one I think of (cause I redid it today, in ruby :) is: you need to keep a list of lines you already processed in a large log analysis. I'd just use a Set (which is a hash underneath) and get done, although I'd have saved a bunch of overhead (memory allocations, gc pressure) using a bloom filter. the one I just wrote you about A a few more gigabytes of memory allocated, consequent swapping and slow processing sorry I thought I replied yesterday but apparently my comment got lost. Using a (hash)set instead of a bloom filter caused memory usage to explode, which in turn led to memory thrashing/swapping which in turn led to slow processing times. The rest of the code runs in constant time (well, linear in the size of the item, with num(items) >> size(items[n]) ) and it did work fine for smaller inputs. hard to estimate I'm sorry. The first naive implementation had been running for more than 15 minutes before I thought it as too much and killed it. Rewrote version run all in about 5. it does sound more likely that a java dev on a mac gets a windows install as a second boot option than he changes the bank's infrastructure though :) did anyone else notice we have 3 posts a week about the cap theorem? Maybe it's about time we stop talking about it and start using some other terminology. ah! I was thinking the same :) thisbookwillselfdistructin15days.com seems free ;) you have misunderstood my point, which is that there is in my opinion too much time spent trying to understand what X means when using a permutation of the letters C,A,P,L,whatever, and we are not seeing enough of the nerdy stuff (such as: new coordination protocols, failure detectors, workflow patterns). I was asked some time ago to provide my CV and I also used a pdf export of linkedin cause it's such a simple option. I believe it's a bit lacking in some areas eg, I recall it does not have anything about human languages (when you are moving around in europe that is kind of useful). I may be wrong though. gcc, like other compilers, has it's own documented extensions which are used in many projects (such as the linux kernel, but also many interpreters/vms using direct threading for example). The clang devs try to support them nonetheless for compatibility, except, for what I understand, a few that are explicitly unsupported by design. you can lookup once and inline the method, and only keep a flag to check if you need to invalidate that. Pypy & other jits al do this kind of things all the time :) But you don't need a jit: you can partially execute the code and determine that no changes were happening in the referenced globals, thus the inlining becomes possible. There is quite a bit of literature on the issue of using partial evaluation for optimizing dynamic/reflective languages. well neither of the above, in standard python, but the pypy project has _a lot_ of interesting stuff http://codespeak.net/pypy/dist/pypy/doc/extradoc.html I'll taks a stab at guessing the killing: parent^2 was being facetious and a lengty serious answer was not considered appropriate. I am mostly guessing though, and I don't think it should have been killed. I think "Each and every time Apple decided to innovate, they were laughed at" is a bit of an exaggeration, from what I recall the iPod,iPhone, iBook, MacBook and probably other products all were innovative and highly appreciated by about everyone. I mean, even the latest macbook airs are receiving raving reviews and have quite a bit of innovation in them. maybe some people who want basic full text search capabilities but do not want to roll their own solution or use solr/sphinx whatever, I recall innodb did not support that? I believe by "haskell" you may mean "ghc" the original message was talking of specific "stacks", which in my understanding includes an abstract language and a concrete implementation (I'd say also some accompanying development tools: if not an ide, at least a repl, debugger, build system). "haskell" as such would not qualify, while ocaml, scala and ghc would. openjdk is not certified java? I know harmony did not get a tck but it seems unlikely oracle is not letting their own developers use it. also, the example from here http://www.extractiv.com/tour-semantic-on-demand.html does not work. I second, this seems interesting (and I would be really interested in seeing what you produce as "relations") isn't the "let's put the web inside the browser chrome instead of the main window" quite similar to what flock[1] was already trying? The world is probably different from a few years ago, so there is probably a higher chance that this might succeed. [1] http://flock.com/ I really wish google would provide me with the option to revert to the old style homepage. I would be 5% happier if google just stopped being not-strict about what I search. OTOH I think showing in which part of the page the match is is kind of an interesting feature, but I wish we could do that via some kind of xpath-based urls. well, they could add categorization/labels for one. Or more concretly: the ability to receive messages from people you don't already have as contacts. this is what google did with dalvik/android. They are being sued for that basically. Working on openjdk gives you a patent grant, working on a fork which is not java does not, apparently. but the issue is not only about compiling is it? I recall that a few of the patents (debatable as they are) specifically relate to runtime, such as the one about the security manager. Such a patent would invalidate the whole runtime code as it was built around such a policy. So if you want to avoid being sued you need to use a different language, a different compiler and a different runtime, which is what MS did with C#. But then why would you need a patent-minefield such as Jive-the-forked-java in the first place? I never heard of him, and I already am willing to second this :) is memory deduplication the KSM thingy released about a year ago? http://git.kernel.org/?p=linux/kernel/git/stable/linux-2.6.3... from the article Many are aware of Facebook’s Cassandra system, but now they’ve built something new called hBase (working alongside the open source community again) Someone knows what this means? Did they switch to hbase the _existing for many years_ database solution, or did they build something else on top of it (is there a trace of this in the hbase community?) or did they build something else from scratch and incredibly hit on the same name? I wish techcrunch was a bit less.. techcrunch... yup I know what hbase is, we used it at my previous job (but I recall stuff like "reimplementation of hbase in bash"[1] being insightful, it was not a great experience though I'm sure it matured a lot by now) Thanks a lot for the conference video, but even this mostly describes their "well known" scribe/log analysis infrastructure, and does not get into how the new stuff gets integrated with hbase. [1] http://pastebin.com/f64fc84a9 we have this book in the office in dead tree form and I think it is quite good, but it's not a "working programmer" text in my opinion. whiled I'm sure something nice will come out of it you may wish to temporarily disable the NER feature because, it seems to amount to "select capitalized words" at least on the few pages I tried (wikipedia, bitcoin, nytimes). It is blazing fast though :) OT: is "make -j64" overkill unless you have dozens of cores or am I missing something? thanks, but then the "that is my tipical workload" thingy does not hold, as you rarely have >60 cpu bound processes running at the same time. Well, flash player in chrome notwithstanding ;) moreover you actually already have trivial code for that in $JAVAISH_IMPLEMENTATIon's Character.isUnicodeIdentifier{start,part} it is my completely unproved belief that it is a reaction to the lack of more concrete problems (such as: how do I survive the winter). Not that lack of imagination is not a real problem, it's just that it was less important in earlier times. I am quite sure the educational environment in the 19th century was _way_ less keen on letting imagination run wild than it is now (e.g. montessori's work was disruptive but looks "normal" nowadays), but we have Peter Pan and the Neverending Story only in the 20th. hackety hack is different from etoys & scratch. By following your point scratch should have not been created because etoys existed. Or etoys, since morphic existed. Oh wait: and hackety hack is at least a couple of years older than scratch, according to wikipedia. in all the universities I've seen in italy you always have access to the previous written exam tests for preparation. For the oral part, when teachers have repetitive behavior, I've often see people collect datasets and use them for studying. But the case seem different: the teacher in question actually took the tests from a given set and this set was known in advance. This is silly of the teacher, not of the students. it's more interesting it does not include build/ which in 99% of the cases is something you wan to ignore. hotspot is not a tracing jit, I believe parent^2 was thinking of tamarin/tracemonkey 6 the likes. Why is google a better match for twitter than microsoft? Google appears to have tried to "become social" a few more times than redmond and failed regularly. while I agree with your base assumption (living without eating meat is not a health drama) pointing out to vegetarian indians is a fallacy that people should stop making. We have no knowledge of related/correlated facts about those 400M people, so you can _for example_ follow the fallacy and say: Life expectancy in india is lower than the world average and a lot lower than other "poor" countries where vegetarianism is not common, such as north korea, brazil or the palestinian territories. Thus vegetarianism leads to at a shorter life. Proof by underanalyzed example is not a good one. care to share why? not really. You (can) use since_id and max_id in many places, which means you need them to be ordered (and trivially so). This is of course doable with strings too, once you decide what the ordering is. every time someone refers me to this I suffer, mostly because it reminds me of old-time optimism for the internet future, the Declaration of Independence of Cyberspace. All we got now is a facebook nation and a lousy web 2.0. I said that there are more operations than favouring and replying by id. I don't understand how saying you're gonna access the timeline without looking at the values denies that. Moreover, I did not object to using strings, I said you only want them to be orderable. this is exactly what they have done in their new ids and the snowflake system. They have a timestamp, a sequence number and a system identifer, plus a few neat properties. I don't think they can be blamed for using a trivial incremental key when they had 10 users, I am sure they were not expecting to have 200M :) The southern part of a european country is usually the stereotype of the larger nation. When thinking of the UK the stereotype is the english banker more than the scottish clansmen, for spain is the mediterranean south insted of the atlantic/mountainous north, for italy it's the more noisy&caoithic rome/naples/sicily instead of the mitteleuropeans & industrial milan and turin. I have no explanation for this though except some pseudohistorical ramblings. also, if the reader is a recruiter, accessing the linkedin profile may be more useful. this is my same question, and others have voiced it. Why do they want to grow this way? wouldn't this be in violation of the tos and/or technically impossible? If not, why can't I write a fb app that syncs all my friends' data to my server? it's not only the same sites. It is probable that a lot of included content: javascript libraries are the same very often, header images, backgrounds, stylesheets, facebook/google/yahoo/twitter icons for various connect-like services, same youtube videos get published in many places etc. There is a lot common across different pages I believe. connected to this: a lot of content in pages is often pulled in via js. For example, facebook's page as seen via links is basically a long list of script tags without any content. Without javascript evaluation it seems that a lot of content would be lost. I don't think any web server gets to this level of control on the tcp/ip level, this is something that should be addressed in the OS' network stack. Nah, that's not even necessary, I believe: the congestion window is a TCP feature, but any normal user space program (with a few privileges) can create IP datagrams with custom content, so you would only need to implement a bit of tcp in a normal old style monolithic kernel And since you control the only higher level protocol (your http implementation) you can probably cut some corners and get done quickly :) I have not been using a bsd system for a long long time, but from what I recall at least freebsd had the same kind of virtual FSs that linux had, procfs on /proc and devfs on /dev but no separate sysfs on /sys. I suspect though that you may have wanted to investigate sysctl(8) for your tweaking needs http://www.freebsd.org/cgi/man.cgi?query=sysctl&sektion=... pretty interesting, but i think I found a couple of strange things worth reporting (hovering on your own user generates a "messy" tooltip, some race conditions seem to appear). Where would you like them to be reported properly? :) in addition to others already reported: Object Oriented Software Construction by Meyer.Mostly because, like other great books, it proposes a problem and then presents a solution which exposes another issue and so on and so forth. Even if in the end one disagrees with all the proposed choices, the reading is great and the reasoning sensible. how is evolution of military technology slower than evolutions in communication? I mean, what scale exists to measure that? And how does it cause nation-states to be obsolete, if something we have many proofs that improving communication means allow nation-states to become larger. But note that most of the countries without a military force are basically colonies of the neighbouring states, or are part of larger military associations such as NATO. Basically you can go on without an army if you accept that you are "defended" by the closest country with one and accept to never step on their toes. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_without_armed... interesting, congratulation for your release. I do think open-uri reads better than net/http in examples though :) well, java has variable length arguments now so the whole file could be simply public static Object[] createArray() { return EMPTY; } public static Object[] createArray(Object... args) { return args; } My guess is they probably had this before java supported such a syntax so that you could create arrays easily. once you auto-generate the file, you just do it up to 255. I do not have a good explanation of why this is better than the normal array initializer though, apart from the fact that once you standardize on this you may have some minimal advantage in not allocating empty arrays around. I remember the proposal of "ruby behaviours" from david black about ten years ago[1] which allowed doing the same. Nice to see it finally being implemented in the core language. [1] http://www.wobblini.net/ruby/behaviors/ page 6 presents the old idea that people have a roughly 25 hour day cycle. This is proven false[1], early experiments did not consider room lights. And the fun thing is just a paragraph later the author itself points out that artificial light messes up the sleep cycle. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Circadian_rhythm#Enforced_longe... "an experienced French open sauce project programmer" This is making fun of the nationality of the developer right? I'm pretty sure savannah is php, forked from the original *forge code, so not really a fault of the people who wrote ls and gcc. I knew you were hiring cause I saw it on some newly launched job board some time ago (reddit maybe?) but I was wondering: since you are in sydney, isn't time difference with remote workers an issue? (I love my current remote job and don't want another but I think RTM rocks :) you're not, denormalization implies duplication (though not all normalizations are created equal). It also usually implies that you have to replicate DB functionalities in the client (e.g. write data in two places yourself). But denormalization is not only a mean to "infiniscale" storage, you can use it even in smaller scale to just get better performances in certain things. As usual, everything is a trade off. le sans culotte - 'Allo 'Allo http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4fb5uxIWPfg am I the only want noticing the speech recognition feature "go to reddit" ? dunno what travels is ( I guess "Travels in Hyperreality"), but if you hadn't read baudolino, you should :) probably not. I have read my fair share of porn magazines and I am pretty sure they did not have pages with hairy inserts or skin-like spots, even if that would have been trivial to do. I've seen that a lot in children books though (touch-feel inserts, not porn) and I guess that would be an amazing use of this technology. "as little as 8 Volts to generate tactile sensations" from http://www.teslatouch.com/technology.html possibly, they expect you tu build most logic in store procedures so that you can minimize calls. Also, once you cache them to avoid hitting a backend xSQL store you can also cache them to avoid hitting a remote SQL store, I imagine. what do you mean by "relevance formula"? You can implement your own Similarity measurement in lucene and change it at query time, so I'm guessing you mean something else? please pardon me but I still confused: why can't you do this with the standard lucene? It kind of seems like what solr does with function queries[0]. Is the difference in what the variables are? http://wiki.apache.org/solr/FunctionQuery ah, got it. The point is the document fields are updated in place instead of delete+reinsert. Seems interesting. wasn't the biggest issue with the first gnutella networks that search through flooding basically does not work? Is this somewhat accomodated by the fact that now we, well, can basically keep much larger databases? but if you shower and dump it in the harbour aren't you basically dumping chemicals straight into it (shampoo, soap, conditioner)? Not that I think it's a big deal, I just thought rules were stricter. why did you have the need to replace rabbitmq at all? (I love redis, but I'd expect using something designed specifically for X is better than using something else that also kind of does X) re SETBIT, I was thinking "cool, redis is now also a bloom filter server!" . Then I realized I've been out of the loop for a while and probably you already implemented commands for that :) thanks for the reply, I can see if you make no use of functionalities other than push/pop how redis would be just fine. Could you be so kind to qualify what load are we talking about, as producers/consumers & message rate/size/persistence level? I have used ActiveMQ with systems of about ten nodes and a message rate of I'd love to know it so I can use it to more easily mentally flag urls like this when I see them "oh it's another post-one-off-metapromotionalism website". Sorry if i sounded offensive, but while i remember your last book, i have no idea that previous ones exist, and what success they had. But mostly, I don't think there is anything wrong with capitalizing on your ability to write or your previous success, i just feel tricked when reading 'story of x' and i found an attached 'i will also teach you x for money' that i did not expect I believe you may want to check with java programmers close to you. When using eclipse I usually have 30-60 files open, probably for the same reason emacs users have them: it's very easy, has little overhead and accessing the working set is faster this way. The reason it does not happen with gedit & kate is that tab-based interface fall into uselessness with too many tabs, if they do not provide alternative methods of navigating them than "click on the right one". IMO, of course. one of my pet projects is a chrome extension that tracks where I spend time in the browser. I was always worried that I may be spending too much time on HN, reddit etc. Now I have hard data, it's bad (about 10% on this news sites, still not tracking dependent time on linked sites) but not as bad as I thought :) I don't think that's the same thing: the perl code is a spinning world visualization, the ruby code is code producing other code that in the end produces the original one, where the different programs _also_ are visualization of the world, which is a tad cooler :) mine looks slightly better, but I wanted to add a couple more features (ignore url, delete item from history)before releasing. As soon as I have a bit of time to do it and release it I'll ping whoever wants to know it. I will let you know as soon as I have something decent :) but it's not so necessary anymore. If my home line is down (which can happen since it's over ip), with a simple power outage, I can still call with my mobile. If my mobile is out of battery I can call with my girlfriend's mobile. Then the neighbours. We have highly redundant communication systems compared to when landlines were the only option and SPOF in the building. It depends: what is the occasion in which the power grid goes down (or your IP carrier is down) and multiple mobile operators are down? Let's say: flooding, earthquake, riots, evil government shutting down telcos. Then there is a high chance that also my land line would be down. Thinking of it, I must get some homing pigeons _now_ ;) maybe _that_ is why they need to escalate to 25M of expenses next year! how would they distribute the thing, if not through the dumps? I mean, using an scm to distribute it (I asked the freebase guys the same thing) would save time/bandwidth but it's not a conceptual improvement. Also, how would forking be useful in any way? It's not like someone can work on a feature that later gets merged into the mainline, right? Could you explain the advantages ? by function you mean a function call? two pages down, and replace it's about 8 keystrokes (ctrl-f-f to get to second page, say / to get to the function, cw to change it) does that take you more than two seconds? Also, you'd probably just do search instead of moving down two pages, and then replace (/ cw). I'm no vim power user though, so I can't say if there is a better way, but it is faster for me. I believe in full featured ides (because of features like integrated debuggers, refactorings) but not because of the mouse, so even if for example eclipse has a file tree, I usually open a class by shortcut+ enter, isn't that faster than navigating a tree? woudlnd it be easier to just use CC BY-NC-SA ? sorry I do not understand: who is in charge of importing the data anyway, if not the gatekeeper? Also, i mean that the difference with forking source code is that you can work on something that will not get accepted into the mailine, but is useful to you, or your organization. It does not seem to me that you can have a private wikipedia to which you refer people, it would be useless. Same with forks, if an officially blessed fork does not exist, you get anarchy and all of them become unreliable, cfr the rails foreign key plugins for reference: when strong active and clear leadership miss, projects fade into failure. OTOH if you just want "easy merge" that does not seem to replace the gatekeeper, you just made him more visibile. But if I am missing soemthing, I'd be happy to understand :) do browser support put at all? yet, microsoft has deployed voice recognition to some hundred millions users over time, so they could have copied that idea to improve something they were already selling. I guess this could mean the enforced browser ballot is having a large effect on the market? It would be nice to see growth rates compared between regions. the problem is you will probably think of monitoring the stuff that you wished you had monitored only _after_ the crisis happened, people are built in a way that makes it hard for us to think of what may go wrong. So another simple rule I learned with time is to trust/understand the defaults,plugins,knobs,metrics that come with well known monitoring systems ("why the hell should I monitor _that_?"). This way you use the experience of other people as a backup for your own. what does > UTF-8 sequences sort in code point order. You can verify this by inspecting the encodings in the table above. This means that Unix tools like join, ls, and sort (without options) don't need to handle UTF-8 specially. mean? Isn't ordering a property that is external to the encoding and language dependent? (Though AFAICT ls on osx seems to sort fine italian and hungarian alphabets, even if it's unable to handle character length properly :) ) EDIT: got it _code point order_ I'm an idiot sorry, if I have to spam my facebook contacts to start doing something, I'm not going to use it. sorry I was unclear I guess. I don't mind having the _option_ to do it, even if it's the default and I have to opt out of it., I'd be maybe happy to shout "I have been x-ing for a month". But if I _have_ to, I will not do it. I still feel confused: is it only the western european UMTS bubble that makes video calls from mobile seem like old news? Most 3g operators have marketed (possibly low quality) video calls for a few years in europe, with varying level of success, so there is not a real need to speculate, we could just look at the numbers, no? time to get a PS3 master key t-shirt! 6 or seven years ago I had a conversation with a guy at a meeting of rubyists in rome, and while I was telling him how bad it is in italy and bla bla he replied to me "well, it means there is a lot of space to do things better, it is a great market opportunity". The same guy later went on to found his own company, which is doing cool stuff, with great people, and with more work than they can handle, still in that same country. OT, but what latest news about debt? it is, but it's been around that area for a loooong time :) aren't verification and definition of associative operators two different problems? I mean, while you can't generally prove that an operator is associative, you can have probably tell that they are associative by construction. I was thinking of the first news post about lending being possible on the kindle, where there was a small thread on the possibility of building a _market_ for lending, but I don't have the relevant url at hand. I think the author may be interested in looking at user defined/dynamic patterns/extensible matchers or whatever the name is, as seen in F# and Scala Basically where you can define your own pattern rule as a simple method in a class, and later use it for destructuring and matching, e.g. var Http= new Regex(stuff with (protocol)(domain)(path)) var Http(protocol,domain,path) = "http://foo.com/bar" # variables protocol="http",domain="foo.com", path="/bar" assigned Which may be there in the language already, but I have not seen it mantioned if they really got JMX to work fine over firewalls without me spending half an hour every time, that is enough for a major release tailored to me :) for reference, David Mark on jQuery http://groups.google.com/group/comp.lang.javascript/msg/37cb... ; the beanstalk programming model: http://aws.typepad.com/aws/2011/01/aws-beanstalk-programming... This is pretty cool, but for people targeting it because of no-hassle infiniscale, it must be noted that you either use SimpleDB or good old MySQL for storage. So AppEngine is still winner in that area, imvho, but it's great to see competition. no, with different limitations I believe, e.g. no cool google storage, but only SDB or RDB (which may be ok anyway) but storage cannot be scaled like this, you have to design your own mechanic to handle it. what were you building that is not a (graphical I suppose) application nor a command line tool nor a library? (honest question) I frankly cannot understand why, but on my old yahoo account at least 50% of the spam gets through, including those in suspicious russian (which, since I do not speak the language and have always flagged as spam, makes zero sense to me). So, either the gmail engineers are better than most, or it is still not trivial to get it right. For the sake of the argument: if you get 3000 messages of spam per day it means that it takes a lot of effort to check them all. Also, as you receive a lot of spam, the distribution is highly skewed towards spam, so it is unlikely you find a false positive because there are a lot more true positive, not because the false positives are absent. So there is a chance you are getting false positives, but have failed to spot them (I know it happens to me). I get noticed by other means, e.g. - I sent you the link on gmail - no you didn't - check your spam folder - I just did! - check again! - alright.. ah err, yes you did I believe I once ripped off your code :) I have a simple script that looks in my logs for timing reports like did X in 12345ms Z for in 98765ms and then summarizes them, but the grouping is done based on ad hoc regular expressions. The obvious next step was trying to make it smart enough that it recognizes similar lines and generated the patterns itself, but avoiding making it over generalized/omnicomprehensive. I still cannot find a good solution :( how much is linux specific in this? not really. Consider for example yahoo's implementation: when I get redirected to Y! for login, I have my personal login seal on the page that grants me that I am actually talking to yahoo and not some scam site. I believe that falls out of the definition of "trivially easy to phish" but that is the case in which yoiu _already have_ the footprint. Parent^2 is talking about the first connection, which is when you validate the fingerprint the first time. this is lovely, and I can _feel_ the kiddie in some irc channel going on and on about X not working while the wiser people tell him to download rootkit X and then go to the directory and the kiddie is replying that it does not work and he's working on windows and the older cr3wzorz tell him to set the permissions and he's replying that the tool is broken and it does not work and why doesn't it and so on and so forth. Just lovely :) I carefully restrained from writing "wiser" :) this seem similar to the system we had in italy up to some years ago. It was changed so that the party decides who is running, and people cannot vote on the person. The result is, of course, that people who would be ineligible because of obvious incapacity (or any other reason) still get elected when people vote for the color instead of the person, and the parliament is full of lackeys who don't dare to disagree with the leaders for fear of not being put on the safe list the next time around. Be careful when you wish for a better system, you may end up with a worse one :) he wrote "accessing is not serialized" see: dependent typing http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dependent_type and restricted languages such as Spark http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SPARK_(programming_language) It's possible the author may have intended that: .1 since search results are only accessed through a search action, and not links in the wild .2 since even if links in the wild are followed the google bot should have respected the disallow /search rule (which may have no standard, but google usually respect the format used in that robots.txt, and results are in both cases as of this writing) 3. therefore, they got to know such pages by using clickstream data But I'm just guessing. really cool, but it seems it does not consider organizations of which the user is a member oh sorry, I had not seen the note. To be honest, I do not see it now either but at least I found the github project :D https://github.com/resume/resume.github.com I'm sure you would appreciate "Guido la Vespa" which would sound in english like Guy Wasp, but is also italian for "I drive the Vespa (a kind of scooter)". An approximately 50 year old joke. when I lived in Ireland I had such stickers in irish in my kitchen (they were already there). I still remember a few words, so I believe it works. Too bad you seldom use "fork" or "drawer" in normal conversations :) don't they already have major manufacturers producing wp7 phones? I am quite sure I have seen a commercial showing a samsung phone with WP7 installed (and android as a second option) Useful little thing: Object#tap. But Mostly, no mention of Fibers? :) it could be made to work through a FIFO though, I guess? if so I could take a shot at it :) can you explain how the ipad increased your productivity? sadly, I do not, I was sure I had a reference somewhere but I am completely unable to find it again :( and scala, where they also represent symbols careful though, if you take into account equivalent abstractions (rails vs symfony vs django) this argument may toggle against php. Also, rubygems has been almost untouched for a long time before the current mantainers took over, and did a great job of making it more robust and faster my hopes for the future are in RBX but why would the ugliness of MRI (I assume you include yarv in it) make it untenable in the long term? There is a massive amount of bad code on the intertubes that has been around for decades, and I kind of hope we will not be programming in ruby when it's 40 years old. grandparent was probably thinking of how you avoid the GIL if existing extensions are written expecting to be used by a single thread. Since rubinius provides the same C-api ruby does (ignoring FFI for now) wouldn't all the accesses to external libraries need to be wrapped in a shared big lock? FWIW this is the same in ruby (nil and false are the only non-true values) but I believe this comes from some older language, does anyone knows which one? what i meant is that there are two falsey values, in lisp (I assume CL) I believe there is no different "false" value which is not equal to nil/empty list, I think? the hair perming helmets or whatever they are called still seem futuristic to me, but hair irons and hair dye have been around for a few millennia 74MB seems little to me too (I am thinking of how often people have sent me ppt of cute cats, word documents of a todo list and tiff scans of some thing they drew). It would be nice if grandparent has some reference for such a number to share interesting, how do you model multiple dispatch in an efficient way over a vm that (I believe) wasn't designed for it? I see, but does this play well with the jit? What I mean is: wouldn't multimethods with many variants cause exponentially bigger thunks to inline, thus causing the JIT to not perform inlining at all? Thanks for your answer anyway, it looks like a really fun project. it does, and someone pointed out exactly this in the comments, but I guess some things slip through I kind of believe slowness in test runs vs 1.8MRI or REE depends on bytecode compiling (though i have not proof of this). rails and rspec include a massive amount of code that gets loaded/compiled, and that is done every time you run the tests without giving time to YARV to express itself in the faster paths, so this difference is more noticeable. bash may not, but pdsh is (I personally used dsh, which also multiplexes ssh connections) and the child processes do not bear the lack of multithreadness of the parents :) the code is publicly available, but this is a different problem, consisting in basically declaring that people can safely use it i guess it matters if you are publishing an app of 100k but you have to include 40MB of additional libraries that are _already_ in the os it makes sense to me, I shall give it a try and report given that 'others' does not seem to be 0.5% of the chart: what else is in there? care to share the reasons of this preference? there are some low hanging fruits, I'll send a pull request :) > As far as limiting your thinking, Lisp in itself does no such thing, the libraries do it. Isn't this BLUB at it's finest? I can't think of X in context Y, so X is unthinkable, thus Y allows me to think of everything. ommon elements are shared by using a single source (e.g. google's CDN for javascripts) but standardizing makes little sense imvho. For one, you can use an ETag without generating the page and hashing it if it only depends on a db-stored resource, and that is mightily application dependent. I have not seen notifications in 11.4, but the system in 10.10 seems silly to me, probably because I'm used to growl. I keep trying to reach to the notification to interact with the application calling for my attention and it just makes it disappear :/ 1) that common stuff reused as-is (such as jquery) can be cached and reused by many, funny picture memes are usually resized, cropped, modified and I frankly do not see many of them, but I load jquery 200 times a day, it seems to me you want to optimize a non-bottleneck. 2) how do you send such content? suppose it's in the db, you need to convert it to a wire format (json or whatever) and then generate an hash for it, but you do not need to, you could just send a revision id as ETag without even reading the full data from the db 3) whatever you want to do with an hash, you can do using an hash as the etag. The latter is simply more generic isn't the mongrel/thin/unicorn http parser library built using ragel (i.e. an existing parse library)? Could you expand on why you think it's not possible to handle http with existing tools? yes, but the generated state machine is able to recognize a regular language, so if the automaton can recognize http it would mean that it is a regular language, and existing parsing tools should be able to deal with it, or am I missing something? Ah, now I get it what you meant, thanks for the explanation remember though that the jvm in '95 was not even close to what it is now (and as a 'better perl' it would have made you cringe for the startup times) IIRC antirez implemented another tcl dialect long time ago (named jim IIRC), so he had a clear idea of where he was going I guess :) it would seem so even looking at the linked thread, at least I did not notice anyone reporting isues with the 13" models Ryanair also mastered price making. Prices vary in a way that is almost scaring from day to day, if you try to get a last minute flight you may end up with a hundreds of euros or half penny depending on their expected load, while traditional companies are way more rigid. awesome work, but FWIW, the first thing I get in the git console for help is two lines of "undefined", and an internal server error for "lol" in the eval screen, using chrome on ubuntu. But you are probably being overloaded ATM so I'll just wait and try again later :) undoubtedly a good advice, but notice that this may be _really_ frustrating for your partner, when he/she would be able to express in your language but is forced to go through the painful motions of using ten different words, paraphrasing and then mimicing until you finally get that she/he just wanted you to go get the sugar. On the other hand,you may pick up some bad habits: depending on your situation, you may realize too late that your better half swears a lot and you are not supposed to talk like that to their parents, or end up using baby talk with your boss. It's a great way to get funny stories though :) But isnt there also experience to consider? I'm sure a smart person can pick up any language but it always takes time to learn the idioms, gotchas, apis and supporting tools, i believe that is supposed to be the meaning of "firefox" http://www.mozilla.org/projects/firefox/firefox-name-faq.htm... I am fairly sure that is not true, e.g. http://arewefastyet.com/ does not show a clear lead over others, and that is by firefox devs themselves. Notwithstanding real usage, sensible benchmarking, concrete experience etc.. I'm just arguing it is not _clear_. It's my impression that the quick poll is a better mean to get to content from your friends than looking at 200 profiles for an information that may have not been there at all. I often ask for suggestions for a good book about X and would be willing to give one, but i don't put them in my info page. while I understand that sql injection is mostly a fault of the host programming language/developer (php in this case) and not of the dbms/dba, couldn't the latter have avoided this in part by limiting user privileges so that it was impossible to "list the internal databases, tables and password dump" e.g. "REVOKE SHOW DATABASES, SHOW VIEW" ? (I'm aware this may make impossible to use some web frameworks which rely on rdbms reflection, but I have the feeling this is not the case) I redownloaded mysql yesterday and while it _seems_ you have to register you doin't actually have too parasolving? Though this is not really the case, I'd say it's more like "the problem is still there but we walked around it with a different route". Perisolving maybe? Especially if you consider that part of the problem is that something won't work but it may take hours to understand it's because the semantics of Enumerable#group_by in library X are not the same as the ones defined in library Y. I believe that your connection of the tragedy of the commons with this specific story may be wrong. I recall Zimbabwe is one of the countries that more or less _privatized_ elephants, and the owners of private hunting parks do not treat them at all as an infinitely renewable resource, exactly like a cow farmer doesn't. They don't have interest in over hunting, on the contrary their profit depends on having a healthy and stable population. I am not qualified enough to judge the long term effects, but Zimbabwe has had a stable/growing population of elephants for more than twenty years now. While I don't like big animals hunting, I'd say this shows a completely different outlook from the one you refer to. nop, reddit is the new digg, HN is the new reddit built by a couple of guys I know: http://www.coderloop.com/ - query-able versioned filesystem (whatever happened to winfs?) - built-in appstore a-la osx (which would be huge for startups aiming at desktop development, freeing them from the piracy issues) I'd say that's possibly a not so interesting comparison, in the sense that python and clojure seem to have quite different name-usage patterns, but some values that may interest you: the size of __builtins_, the basic types and functions would be len(__builtins__.__dict__.values()) #=> 143 but then you'd have to consider the methods/attributes on each object len(list(chain( *[dir(o) for o in __builtins__.__dict__.values()]))) #=> 4133 but then again, most of these are either the same method that keeps appearing via inheritance, or a different implementation of the same protocol, so you may want to collapse same-named objects len(set(chain( *[dir(o) for o in __builtins__.__dict__.values()]))) #=> 250 which added to the names of the first iteration gives you ~400 names, about half of clojure. But a lot of code in python is in the standard lib even if not loaded as __builtin__, sadly, I'm not sure how to list/load all the standard library in one go. > And that is the agency model, which allows the publishers to set the price, a move I argue is anticompetitive. would you care to expand on this? I am not sure I understand what you mean by this, nor why. before reading I thought this was some new virgin-branded enterprise. As in, I already had the wallet in my hands to book a trip. I really like gnome3, but I'ts kind of sad to realize the main video on the frontpage (for a wonderful new desktop experience) shows only two desktop applications: gedit editing an html file, and firefox with firebug to fix that same code. And a fake IM session with a loremipsum in it. I understand the gnome desktop may not have many shiny artisty apps as OSX, but this feels a tad too nerdy. for the sake of counter-example: facebook does. E.g. if you try to log in from a different country than ones it already knows you have to go through a long process of reauthentication by inputting your friends' names based on pictures. At least, it happened to me twice. Also: the languages of the top 5 countries have a ridiculously small speaking population, which means there are more chances to come across untranslated sources of any kind, not only movies. I'd say it's a generic trait of niche populations, that they gain better knowledge of languages in which information sources are available. For example, I've consistently noticed programmers speak a better english than architects, and people who use some $RANDOM_NICHE_PLATFORM speak a better english than people who use $REALLY_POPULAR_PLATFORM, due to being forced to use english references. are you sure about the sound thingy? Italian and spanish sounds seem pretty much identical to the japanese (e.g. five vowels should be enough for everyone), while english is a utter mess (schwab, long and short vowels, th*,r etc). Possibly you are conflating under "asian" languages a bit too much. exactly. Mandarin, english, spanish, the arabic family, portuguese, russian, urdu and probably others all have speaking populations of more than 200 millions. my argument of the lack of translated sources was not related to the inability of translating, so wealth and literacy are not relevant. I was referring to the economics of going after a much smaller market. A publisher is more likely to target french and german before going after norwegian, thus a non mainstream author may appear in a finnish translation much after the publication in english, if ever. Or a movie distribution company may have less incentive to target the niche of TROMA aficionados in dutch than it does for the spanish ones. They both would have relatively similar costs for the translation, but a much lower possible return. wasn't this the Buzz mission? It also has gmail chat and search :) I believe you're missing some restriction, otherwise this is provable by simply drawing a line from 12 to 6, then color 1,2,3,7,8,9 red and 4,5,6,10,11,12 blue. I had been using an @name label for assignment, it's nice to see this supported. But filw attachmentes are still missing right? This is a really important feature that makes issues much less useful than it could be :( it would be cool if the score of an object in the system was a vector-like thingy in which every value is the result of operations created by people in your same account-demographic (e.g. accounts older than 3,6,9,12,15,18 months). You would be able to filter for stuff that has the most total votes, the most votes among people in your age class, and the most people across all age classes at vote time (people who are now one year old but voted for it one year ago) This way you could still select between stuff that is useful/interesting to everyone, such as a new $X by $Y and stuff that was interesting for people when they first read it but it's now boring since it's the tenth submission ("harry potter and the methods of rationality" comes to mind). I believe grandparent may have intended that they have come as a far second in the os-cum-app-store club. EDIT: which I still find _huge_ news anyway it seems it does have something like that, at least from what I can understand from techcrunch > Amazon says it will be pushing “special offers directly on your Kindle”, including things like $10 for a $20 Amazon gift card, and $6 for 6 Audible books. http://techcrunch.com/2011/04/11/amazon-announces-ad-support... EDIT: ah, it was at the end of the amazon page actually :) is this really a big deal? I wrote my share of Java code with generics and the issue never popped up, because generics are way more restricted than c++'s templates. E.g. myclass 4> can only be a syntax error because you can't have a value in there, inly a type name mean, median, and truncated/winsorized mean would be really useful and not too much effort, if I can ask for something :) again a syntax error, you can't have generics in an expression in which operators such as > are allowed, the java syntax is really simple and unambiguous to parse. On the other hand, [] is used for arrays in java so it _would_ conflict with something sounds like slashdot, without metamoderation? neat, I'm not hungarian but I live in budapest :) sorry, but are you sure a C# problem applies to Java? AFAIK the syntax for passing type arguments to a generic method in the latter would be obj. G(7) so F(G (7)) is once again unambiguous, at a syntactic level. It would seem the java designers thought of the issue :) that totally makes sense to me, it is either a pair of points and a pair of a comma and a point. Of course, that may be cause it's exactly the same in my native italian. I don't remember the HN post, but I guess it may have referred to this message http://www.realworldtech.com/forums/index.cfm?action=detail&... (sorry could not dig a better archive) For reference: mirasol, the amazing color display technology http://www.mirasoldisplays.com/demo clickable http://www.innoengineer.com but the mysql folks have already explained that accessing innodb without the overhead of SQL (both protocol and semantic) implies a huge difference in performances. So this goes in the direction of your implied problem: faster access to data. for large values of "week", the railscast for devise is more than year old, and it had already gained quite a lot of mind share by then more precisely, I believe, the history of the merges counts, not the history of the files per their original edits. it seems there are quite a few: percona's XtraDB, OurDelta, MariaDB, Drizzle are the first that come to mind, plus HailDB that is a fork of the single InnoDB >I have a little secret for you: Git can't be made to have eventual consistency David Roundy, the initial author of darcs, seems to disagree on this. From https://github.com/droundy/iolaus : > I realized that the semantics of git are actually not nearly so far from those of darcs as I had previously thought. In particular, if we view each commit as describing a patch in its "primitive context" (to use darcs-speak), then there is basically a one-to-one mapping from darcs' semantics to a git repository. I never understood: why do people hate macports so much? Ok, it kind of duplicates half of the libraries in the system, but it has worked fine for me for many years, and it's usually reasonably up to date and quite large. I did it last week, I know what you mean :) But what is the alternative? If scripts like this[1] or homebrew are the solution I don't understand how it is an improvement over macports. (As a side note: I highly recommend you try out GraphicsMagick, it is mostly equivaklent but has a third of the dependencies and does not pollute $PATH with a dozen commands) [1] https://github.com/maddox/magick-installer I'm afraid it's the nostalgia talking, and we are dinosaurs. I do find interesting that very little people feel attached to tape/VHS/CDROM/DVDs though, while there are plenty who will swear that books in dead tree form are better than digital media. Then again, I don't know how to write a love note on the front page of ebooks I'm giving as gift, and they are still not bathtub-compliant :) but another company in the same space can get to your code and run with it, isn't that how mandrake and suse came into being? it's not, IE10 is just the fastest in the benchmark apparently it's not documented but there is some code in the examples lib in github. It looks more like Io than erlang to me. https://github.com/bakkdoor/fancy/blob/master/examples/async... https://github.com/bakkdoor/fancy/blob/master/examples/futur... https://github.com/bakkdoor/fancy/blob/master/examples/futur... i believe dbshards is a similar solution http://www.dbshards.com/dbshards/ you get pugs at its zenit I dare to suggest using $;=/[^a-zA-Z]+/ in the BEGIN block, then you can get away with using only split.each on the second line, and it's more perl-awk-ish :) I'd say in a way this could avoid feature bloat, in the sense that new operations can be added as "frequently used snippets" instead of core commands. I wonder how this plays with replication/clustering, though. I'm pretty sure dash (quicksilver/spotlight) and the dock were in osx way before they appeared on linux. why do you need additional vitamin C from orange juice? IIRC the RDA for vitamin C is easily achieved by eating plenty of vegetables, which you must have been doing since you shod meat. offers used to exist but it seems it died some months ago fwiw, cmd+c will copy the result of the simple formula in spotlight. yes but they still had a 31% increase in earnings http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20110429/ap_on_hi_te/us_earns_mic... the videos are at the same time incredibly good and incredibly bad, thanks :) FWIW, even killing people is/was considered acceptable: if the victims have property X where X varies between having the wrong race, being the firs born girl, being physically impaired, being sentenced to death, being a sacrificial offer and plenty more. it is the same as the one in the news item no? while I believe skype is bigger and bloated than most everything, you can easily have different rooms for different projects, idle chat area and private talks, with the advantage over IRC that they get synced when you come back online. I believe you're thinking of the nokia deal (nokia seems to be on a bad path, but the same was true of apple some years ago), but apart from that occasion, what are other dying companies that associated with microsoft ? EDIT: I am honestly wondering, it's not meant as a provoking question :) accessing the urls in the unit tests seems like a recipe for slow build, why not put the test inputs in the repo? as most things, this could be attacked with semantic web technologies, specifically SIOC[1] does this. Alas, 12 years after the RDF standard, the semweb has still not been widely embraced. [1] http://sioc-project.org/ The only thing missing for some metaprogramming issues in haskell, in my limited understanding, is the ability to have dynamically created names (function/methods or types). But that may be orthogonal to static/dynamic typing (e.g. scala 2.9 has this ability, and javascript doesn't) does this still apply with gnome3? it does not seem very close to a windows experience to me. FWIW YMMV IME: with a macbook pro of the latest generation, no, not even flash :( I believe, hot spot optimization is what the new crankshaft infrastructure was about, or are you thinking of something else? boomerang[1] is a whole programming language for writing bidirectional trasformations (for text formats) using combinators and bidirectional primitives. It seems quite alien but also really interesting. [1] http://www.seas.upenn.edu/~harmony/ I agree in part with your cimment but even if everybody knew how to do it, not everybody would. Compare: basic healthy habits. One of the nice things missing in the presentation is the fact that ramaze bundles a lot of non-intrusive helper modules for many things (user management, authentication/identity, commenting, captcha, pagination etc). Since this are simple library elements they do not bloat the rest of the code, but they still allow quick development without chasing external libraries or snippets found on google that may be outdated, uncooperative with each other, or simply untested. not directly lisp related, but the team working on Fortress has some interesting work on using "conc lists" (pairs, and trees as a combination of pairs) as a basic unit of work for parallel processing[1], the analysis quite naturally considers its relation with lisp ad cons lists in other languages. [1] http://labs.oracle.com/projects/plrg/Publications/ICFPAugust... they do say "Microsoft will continue to invest in and support Skype clients on non-Microsoft platforms." Arguable if they will or not, but I don't think they could have been more direct than this pedantic note: not larger than facebook, as pointed out in a dozen other comments on the skype deal, facebook's reported 600M+ users are _active_ users I can't believe he missed the opportunity to call it "gosh" does the ubuntu stack (unity, upstart, notifications) run on anything but linux? as someone who does not really understand it, it does look non trivial: """ Which Linux-specific functionality does systemd use and what's the advantage of this over a solution that is portable to other operating systems? There's quite a bit of Linux-specific functionality we rely on. The first that comes to mind is probably cgroups (short for "Control Groups") which is a Linux kernel feature that may be used to create hierarchical groups of processes, label them, and optionally apply resource limits or other rules to them. But there's a lot more. Systemd tightly integrates with the Linux-specific udev system for hot-plug events. And then, the disk read-ahead solution we include in systemd uses the Linux-specific fanotify() call. Or we support spawning processes in their own file system namespaces or with limited capability sets, both of which are Linux specific features. Or we support the Linux-specific automounter and other mount APIs such as polling mount changes via /proc/self/mountinfo which do not exist on other OSes. Internally we use a lot of newer API calls, such as timerfd() or signalfd() which are not available outside of Linux. These latter calls could be emulated on other OSes, but using them greatly simplifies our own code. And many of the other Linux features we use have no suitable counterparts on other Unixes at all. """ from http://fosdem.org/2011/interview/lennart-poettering there is a minimal spec, and implementations, of JSONPath, which may be enough for you interestung that the premium over mysql seems to be 0 in the "bring your own license" mode, and less than 50% when getting the license with the service. So a single "large" resrved instance would only cost 400 dollars more a year. OT, but I can't thank you enough. I read part of this book as a kid in my school antology, loved it butn ever read all of it. Now that I know it's name I can go and fix that missing part of my life :) I find fascinating that if you end up on "Mathematics_education" than you have no chance of getting to "philosophy". (or "physics" is enough, apparently) Same in ruby def foo return true end returns "nil" pardon this non-native, but shouldn't "We are looking for two students that are studying language pedagogy." be "We are looking for two students _who_ are studying language pedagogy." or possibly _which_ ? Or are they equivalent? but suppose the average user wants to write a long note on facebook (cause real non-techy people do not use email, anymore). They will also plug a keyboard. Now, you are back to have a big screen (tv, monitor) and a computing unit (pc, post-pc-device), and external input device. You have a PC, again, except the tower casing is small enough and can be used independently. it would seem a core differentiator is that apps have means to interact with each other? (the photo thingy in the video) I guess the OP would actually want to know why such a functionality is not built-in. At least I'd like to know. I understand that there is an infinity of ingredients that make up a good search, but surely a trivial implementation would not take too much effort from PG, or at least he could bless an external one and put a form referring to it? A Google ajax search perhaps? oh come on, for #2 you don't want to use sum() ? :) oh thanks, I thought it was just me. FWIW, "enter city or zipcode" seems to only accept numbers, I imagine this is US only but I believe there are cities with letters in their names also there :) I guess grandparent usually does "vim " or uses scripts that clear the buffer (such as opening NERDTree on the current dir) which effectively make the splash screen never appear. "powered by GNU Emacs" is a funny endpage note as far as my understand goes, this is basically equivalent to a subset of RDFa. The differences as I understand them are three: * schema.org has an implicit vocabulary, if you want to use more than one you can stil use RDFa and use the schema.org vocab explicitly * some syntactic hacks are missing (curies, chaining) but these do not remove expressiveness. Again, implicit schema. * typed literals are missing. And once more, not really needed when the schema is only one I still would have preferred if they had used straight RDFa 1.1, but I think their main motivation is that the way the web is going (HTML5) does not seem to be the same it was when RDFa was initially invented (xhtml). This solves concrete a finite set of problems now, while in the semweb world people still have to agree on how to express a person's name :/ on the theme of Rapportive: I played today with it to build an HN raplet and I realized something slightly scary: whenever I installs rapportive, or any raplet, all of my contacts's email addresses get broadcasted to the builders of the raplets plainly. Was this discussed previously on HN, or on some of the Rapportive public comunications? It seems a moderately bad thing to me, although I have not pondered the alternatives (hash a-la gravatar for example). it is apparently being rolled out gradually, so it may not be activated for you yet. not yet, but if you want I'll let you know when I have something decent. Mind you, since HN does not show emails, and I do not run the site, this only works hackishly and lacks the exactness of "real" raplets. true, the warning is there for me whan I install my raplet, but it's not for when my contacts do, which would be the discomforting bit. As I said, I did not put much thought on this anyway, and I can see how this is basically "your friends know your email and can sign you up to a spammy ml" in another form. It's not so good, in my very humble opinion. It basically says that the library should survive because it can be a) a free internet point b) a provider of free online access to stuff c) some things are better as dead tree format I come from a small town where we _did not have a bookshop_. If I had not had the small and crappy town library I would not have become a reader, I was one of the few users who actually got them to buy stuff _for me_, so please don't consider me as someone who wouldn't want libraries to survive. But the above listed reasons are not compelling at best. The second especially: why couldn't you have a nation-wide public access system? Why is every library reinventing this? fun fact: mysql did not do this up to v5.6, afaict. This means a query like select * from ... order by non-index-column-or-calculated limit k it would dump all the results into a temp table (possibly on disk) and then sort them, instead of keeping a current top-k buffer. no? it's not clear (to me) how the classbox/namespace behavior for monkey patching works in practice. Say I use module Dates that extends String, and module Inflections that does the same, as I want to use String#weeks and String#pluralize. But both redefine String#singular. When I do "import Dates, Inflections" what happens? Which version of String#singular do I get? If I import Dates, and then import Texts as I want to use String#stemmed_terms which in turn uses Inflections? If I import two modules defining a same method with different signature does everything work fine? while I second your feeling, Io is at least 8 years old, so not so new :) I think I am missing something: is there any commonly used statically typed OO language that allows you to return a different type from the constructor? AFAIR even in scala you either use a factory method in a companion object or use "real" constructors. ah thanks for your reply, it seems a sensible system. A last question (since when I tried to wrap my head around multimethods, OOP and modules for my toy language I always got lost and you probably have an answer). Suppose I want to define a method local to an object in my main module, for example I want to have Dates#weeks use a custom #singular method. For sake of polymorphism, I would expect that dispatching on my object should still invoke my method, but weeks is always referring to its own, I understand. Do you believe this trade off (killing a bit of late binding, akin to having un-overrideable "private" members in java/c++) is necessary, or you just feel this is a good enough solution? I am aware of one that is related to compatibility with java more than the JVM itself: no multiple dispatch (at least, this is what martin odersky said to me when I asked him why they are not in scala) Strange, I came here to say the italian version was pretty good :) This may be a function of the author being a(n impressively) fluent speaker of the language, though on the other hand the translation of Carrol's Jabberwocky poem in the book is terrible. Has firefox finally got around to having one-isolated-process-per-tab? Otherwise the idea of "crash an app, take the whole OS shell with you" seems kind of familiar to an old windows user, not in a good way. but the google earnings not necessarily become capital do they? If for example they pay out dividends for 100% of their earnings to stockholders, the value of google would stay the same, while this people would own a larger share of the company. If you rule out that payments are coming from marketing, it's basically like "if I buy stocks of my employer company one day I will own them". Unlikely, but not impossible. Arguable. For one, iCloud will allow you to keep "the last 1000 pictures", but the mac or pc will be where all of them are supposed to be. I am not a big photographer, but I have at least four times those. So you will still need a PC, and sadly, a backup system. yes, but the pictures I have on my laptop tend to be a superset of those I have on my iphone, and AFAIU those will not be backed up in iCloud, please correct me if I'm wrong. I did my bachelor thesis working with NesC/TinyOS. It is a pretty interesting platform, with an interesting take to component-based design and concurrency (i.e. shared state, with race conditions statically determined by the compiler). I recall at the time they wer working on a 1.2 release, I guess that did not go too far. EDIT: ah files and VCS are updated, although the home page is not :) the problem is mostly getting the other people to use ipv6, even when I have a ipv6 setup I have no opinion on this, but the original article makes a few cases for this: no more ajax/javascript helpers in core, no more catch all route by default etc. IMNSHO, the norm in the ruby community as of late as not been refactor, but rewrite. When the rails folk redesign the route system it's not a refactoring cause a refactoring keeps functionalities unchanged, it does not add/remove/change corner cases. Which has happened in all major rails releases and some point ones. swallowing usually helps too FWIW even rail's ActiveRecord has the same frills (lazy/eager loading, selective loading of columns, loading related models via join or via grouped selects). It even has modules that do this fixes automatically :) Or the commonly misunderstood 'state of the art' which appears to mean 'amazing' but actually means 'current best practice in this craft'. there is also an habit factor: after a few thousand years of using the golden ratio in objects we may have an unconscious knowledge of those proportions and find them beautiful simply because we have seen very often "beautiful" things that used such ratio. I believe grandparent point about dynamic variables is the newly introduced Dynamic type in scala 2.9. as someone pointed out on HN before "dynamic" seems to be an increasingly common way of saying "doesn't annoy me much" or something like that. I believe it may be a kind of dynamic lookup, but I'm not sure separating stack unwinding from erro signaling needs it. Also my2c: I'm not sure dynamic scope it's completely passé these days. In general, it is mostly the idea of "leaving control to the user instead of the used" which has been reappearing in the form of AOP and COP. In a sense, it is also what monkey patching is about in some OO languages, being enabled by the only surviving dynamic lookup, the "self" one. the salt seems to be the same for all of the password. Not exactly useful this way, is it? Ah silly me thanks I'd like to know this one too. I actually started writing one cause I could not find another option :) but facebook also has many million users who don't have an iPhone nor android phone yet, who can still use two factor auth (i.e. my girlfriend) the "last chance form" (or "account recovery exam") really is a hard and impossible to find thingy. Also, I frankly have no idea about when I started using some services, and worst, no clue on how to find out. I have tried facetime exactly once when it came out. I may use it a bit more in the coming months cause now my work team is split in three countries and we like to have video meetings. But then again, it is more likely we will now use G+'s hangouts, since not everyone is a mac user. fixed thanks IMVHO, I'd say it's like asking what was your first kiss. You may discount the one you don't remember, the one with open or closed mouth, the one where you were interrupted half way and many other factors. In the end your choice is what matters to you and thus what should matter to the poll :) that would also be interesting, but I was also interested in knowing about people who first got into the world of startups by being hired/joining after start. So many interesting things to ask in a single monodimensional poll! oh this is a neat app, but wouldn't it be nice if it had th latest urls in the home page? been for a while, http://rakudo.org/ the web is also mostly noise, what made google's success was the ability to separate the signal. Alas, I don't think they were anywhere close to doing that with the real time search anyway. if you upvoted the link, it's under http://news.ycombinator.com/saved?id=your_id if you posted a comment you can find under http://news.ycombinator.com/threads?id=your_id Otherwise you have to try using the search box which is at the end of every page (which uses http://www.hnsearch.com/ ) but how much of that is the interpreter's fault? I know I can't run typhoeus + thin on 1.9.2 on OSX as it reliably crashes every ten minutes and I have no clue on how to debug it, but it is not a problem with the interpreter, it's a problem with external libraries. notice: everyone is dirty at this game, e.g. google's recent patent application for google doodle "A system provides a periodically changing story line and/or a special event company logo to entice users to access a web page."[1] [1] http://patft.uspto.gov/netacgi/nph-Parser?Sect1=PTO1&Sec... it's worse than that: among my non technical friends email is used only for "serious stuff" as talking with teachers (or students, for my friends who teach) and for work. For the others facebook messages have supplanted email. I am obviously not sure this is a global trend, but I keep using the test "who did you receive an email from, recently, who isn't work or a fellow technical person?". Results are somewhat scary. from what I understand, the point is that lower spinning speed and better mechanical efficiency should cause less noise I don't think matz was ever unaware of how important rails is. But what I assume patio11 meant is that most of the japanese devs may not have that as a priority, changing the priorities of a single person would not change much. I would not even consider that a proper infographic. I believe proper infographics should use non-textual content as an _alternate_ and _efficient_ representation of informations, the one in the article is simply adding pictures to raw data, and using a couple of ice sticks for histograms. unless you meam "rewrite", I guess his time machine was non functional. can you explain why this is easier than oauth? thanks, I thought you meant it was easier _as an end user_ and could not see why. up to 45% ! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Income_Tax_Germany_2010.pn... But remember that you only pay that on the last step of the income, to get to 40% of real deductions from your wages you should have a monthly pay >20000€ looking at the screenshot, and actually reading the content of the small tiles, this does not look like G+/facebook/twitter, but more like a wikia/knol/stack*/quora. I mean, there isn't anything in this single screenshot suggesting this as a new "generalistic" social network , so why are so many comments to this submission trying to frame it so? I know redis is great, but I wondering what this """ [persistence] This is something that every database has trouble with and Redis is no exception. """ is supposed to mean. To me it seems that most databases deal with persistence just fine. Couldn't the last trick be improved? since you have access to params you could possibly use those as in location ^~ /ext_api3/ { echo_before_body $arg_callback //+somehow add "("; proxy_pass http://api.external.com/; echo_after_body ');'; } kind of reminds me of the daemon/freedom™ novels by daniel suarez, in a good way. I can't stop trying to see this as an haiku. it should not: "your hard drive has failed or you’ve installed a hard drive without OS X, for example ". I know apple is deceiving, but I can't guess how they would install a recovery partition a new "drive without osx". I disagree with """ Unfortunately, the "stream" on Google+ is nearly identical to the Facebook news feed: a scrolling list of update after update after update after update, with metadata attached to each. It's Facebook without the logo. """ The simple fact that you can filter the streams by group is a huge improvement over a flat global feed. I believe the most interesting thing in this is seeing how Go interfaces with the datastore: I expected a lot more boilerplate http://code.google.com/appengine/docs/go/gettingstarted/usin... necessary comment about the lack of a mac client (which is kind of strange since there is an iOS one, and it seems quite a lot of code could be shared?) isn't this a simplistic view? The industrial revolution was effectively covering the whole society, making a host of jobs obsolete in a matter of years, not only hand weaving. The same happened for the second industrial revolution, or the "green revolution". Why should we expect this time to be different? it seems so https://github.com/ruby/ruby/blob/v1_9_3_preview1/ChangeLog#... Notice this does not solve rails becoming slower every release (I recently recovered a 1.2 project and it runs the tests something like five times faster then a fresh one with 3.0) our of curiosity, have you read "Types and Programming Languages", and if so, what is your opinion? would you care to share data sources for your confidence? I am not arguing they are wrong, I am just unable to google concrete data for PC and smarthphone + tablets usage in a recent time period. honestly that does not seem too bad I have the feeling the idea is to have mails go to stuff like your projects mailing lists or online friends, more than managing your real life heritage. sorry, but if you spend 2500 out of 6300 you are still left with 3800. Let's assume you spend 2000 on bills and food, which seems scaringly high for me, you are still left with almost 2k for "fun stuff". I understand I have a point of view based on living on $1k a month in good ole europe, but that seem to go quite far. Am I missing some other basic life expenses you have in SF? obligatory noticeable case: swahili (one of the widely studied non-indo european languages) comes with _18_ noun classes. My knowledge of bantu languages is only what I read on wikipedia, so I am not qualified to answer, but it seems they orbitate around 20 :) As for cases: I am learning hungarian which is related to finnish and also has more than 20 cases. The problem, in my personal experience, is that learning such an agglutinative language is slightly harder than others because when you are learning you don't know all the suffixes and at the same time you don't even know enough vocabulary to understand what's what. Especially once you consider that suffixes stack up. I see something like "ccddee" and it's hard to understand where I should break up the thing ( , , etc). YMMV :) there is one I know of[1] though I'm not sure they got out of the beta. [1] http://www.iubenda.com/ irc bots. Or chat bots in general since kids are not familiar with irc nowadays. It's an amazingly useful teaching tool, since it's real enough to understand it and fake enough that you don't care about taking the bits apart and replacing them. Also, it has a lot of points where you can go and improve the design (extract interfaces, get away with inheritance and use delegation, then get away with objects, then end up with a lisp interpreter etc etc). Not sure if this may help, but I remember reading about some changes wrt ordering in nested calls to at_exit in recent MRI code. Before attempting to change rspec I'd take a look if the bug happens in jruby which has the "right" behaviour, otherwise the resolution would be "use 1.9.3". if you look better the form factor is more like an amazon kindle. Which makes me fell damn cool when using one. I've built a minimal "online presence" website for a friend's business with nanoc. It does not need any dynamism, since basically it's just: home, contacts page, directions page and products page (unlikely to change more than once a year). It has the side effect against a joomla install or whatever that if he wants to change something I have to do it for him, but since this event is pretty rare and non time sensitive it's not a big deal. it could as well be that free software devs would have less motivation to improve the free stuff, since there is no competition. (In general, I don't think it has a big impact in either direction)