Yeah you're not alone there, the stupid idea that windows now needs to be fully tablet capable without a keyboard to the detriment of everyone else using it normally. Literally making the interface less informative and adding clicks, waiting and gestures to achieve actions that should've been a single point and click. I call it the "BIG BATAN" ideology, as everything needs to be a clean oversized button without any extra options or functionality. Stupid mobile OS features creeping into desktop for no good reason. I swear if MS eventually removes the don't group fallback I'm finally ditching Win for KDE and never coming back. Everyone asks how to build a search engine with Ruby on Rails, but nobody asks why build a search engine with Ruby on Rails... The real question: is it really mightier than the SWORD So it just needs subsidies to be economical then. I suppose this is a bad time to mention that commercial airlines would all have to close down years ago if it wasn't for the tax free fuel they get to use. If something's useful enough we can make it happen regardless. Manatee farms when? There was this Veratasium video recently about this very thing, apparently boredom is indeed crucial for creativity. So in a sense, cultured people like cultured meat. That's fantastic, someone ought to integrate this with Mycroft, stat. Yeah, besides Tesla has been collecting data for like a decade now, I'm sure they have enough of it to make a robust enough system for the US at large, especially with their Dojo training chip. At the end of the day it just needs to be better than the average human, and that's frankly not the highest bar unfortunately. To be frank, the lane keeping ADAS has been out for years and most car manufacturers offer such a thing on their high end models. Usually radar supported and pretty reliable from what I hear. Perhaps it's not the best idea to use these more advanced Level 4 systems in the densest city yet, but most of driving does usually happen on highways and regional roads so it's not a major loss. I'm sure someone will eventually figure out how to detect "eyyy im walkin eer" and honk back automatically, and then it should be usable in NY as well. > versions of AI that are hidden from the public both private and military I do think you overestimate how much the military has its shit together. These systems need gigantic amounts of driving data to train and nobody else has that aside from car manufacturers with their fleets. And out of those Tesla is the one that's been doing it the longest. Yeah the majority of the pushback probably comes from people over expecting what the system should do from overzealous marketing, but the tech is slowly getting there regardless. Whoever says the software flat out doesn't perform either hasn't been keeping up with development or has other motives. Tell me the difference between fraud and hype and I'll have the games industry arrested. I'm not happy with human drivers doing that either, but it does seem to happen. And that is after all the real life benchmark. Or perhaps.. aspergers? Which Elon does have. Yall are placing way too much emphasis on an outburst of an autist with a medical disorder. Or get this, we could walk and never get into a car crash! Well I do think it's very possible if not certain that they have unusually advanced systems that have been kept secret, but I would expect them to be in the areas they actually have data for. As in security cameras, finances, cell tower data, etc. Facial and gait recognition, location tracking, etc. far beyond anything commercially available. But I'd doubt they have an AGI behind closed doors :P Meanwhile Python: "Yeah if you could rewrite your entire codebase every few years because of some changes nobody fuckin asked for, yeah that would be great. Oh and by the way, we're dropping support for non-latest versions of the language lmao." Always ask string return questions, got it. He's right though, there are lots of articles being written by bots even in print these days, not being able to tell the difference between a somewhat bad writer and a bot is what makes them viable. And the tech just keeps getting better every day. Same goes for cars, it's not a thing until it is. Looking forward to that Mad Max sequel. "Where is your god now?" "Right behind you." Just stick a Starlink antenna on it, dummies. /s But how do they pay the gas fees? :P American Express Ireland: chuckles "I'm in danger" This is literally their entire economy lmao. These absurd speeds result in a significant amount of aerodynamic heating, so assuming the booster is simply not shielded much it'll likely disintegrate in seconds after being detached and no longer in the missile's shadow. Well it's widely known that Dr. Evil outsourced his sharks with laser beams to IBM, that makes sense to me. The thing about decentralized things though... they tend to be nigh impossible to effectively ban. People still have journalistic integrity these days? Now that's a real joke. When has the will of the people ever effected what politicians do? Well given how absurdly big the difference is, and the main thing he did was render on demand instead of 7000fps I think he has a good reason to be condescending and they totally deserve it for wasting millions of people's time with this shit. You call for a referendum, and block all Murdoch media for a few months before it. > In 2016–17, foreign firms paid 80% of Irish corporate tax, employed 25% of the Irish labour force (paid 50% of Irish salary tax), and created 57% of Irish OECD non-farm value-add. As of 2017, 25 of the top 50 Irish firms were U.S.–controlled businesses, representing 70% of the revenue of the top 50 Irish firms. (Wikipedia) Are you sure about that? If the EU enforces what they preach and Ireland loses its tax haven state they could lose a huge chunk of their GDP. Well it sure is the place to find out for sure. They've already disrupted facebook, run! Siri can't start an outdoor walk, silly. She doesn't have legs. Well I've been thoroughly nerd sniped by that game, so much for a productive Tuesday. IPv9 is where it's at. > $6.9 million in emotional damages Elon probably saw that number and was like "nice". Yeah now it's just a matter of time till someone makes a dock for it that isn't 1 square mile in area: https://www.raspberrypi.com/products/compute-module-4-io-boa... . Doesn't sound like this kind of complicated string eval would be able to do 1000Hz but then again I also have no clue where you could possibly need that for a snake game. On an oscilloscope you'd need to produce vector lines to move from/to right? Also when it comes to video game addiction it's always just psychological addiction, not actual physical addiction. Often correlated with stress or boredom, and when that's removed it's usually not too hard to adjust back from what I've seen. HAHA WHAT DO YOU MEAN, FELLOW HUMAN? Leo: "If you take a cookie I will be forced to add one full day to your sentence." Probably can't start in Netscape Navigator either, the audacity. To be fair, they were using extremely hard water so the lead quickly accumulated a layer of calcium carbonate which made them mostly safe to use. Well the why makes it far easier to make the process repeatable, so yes it matter a lot. I think the wrong assumption here is that we humans are completely fine with teflon overheating on the other hand. PFAS chemicals released really do mess with just about everything and anything in our body, the results just aren't seen on short time scales. We really should be taking steps towards a worldwide ban of this yet another asbestos-ass miracle material which sounds too good to be true because well, it is. Can we get one supplement pill that merges all of those that need to be consumed? Kthx. An annual production of 600 GWh worth of batteries, that will be mostly used in vehicles. For reference, annual EU power production is roughly 2778000 GWh, it's a drop in an ocean. Li-Ions are frankly a terrible solution for grid storage, pumped hydro is the only thing that makes sense on these scales. So we can all look forward to a reboot of space cadet on Windows 11 with lootboxes and microtransactions? Any search engine except google itself is a joke site at this point, there's no way for any company to reach that level of collected data and subsequently extracted heuristics. They have a huge head start and will just collect more in the time a new company will take to get to the same level. Looked up "javascript" and it found a total of like 4 results in my entire country. I think this thing needs some time to get meaningful data before it becomes useful. It's like a search engine without anything indexed yet. Fuck yeah, IKEA reactors for the win! > No one wants to try nuclear for reals because people are frightened of it and world governments don't have an economic interest in building more nuclear Well it's also worth noting that it's become like that because of the oil lobby's decades of scaremongering and the oversupply of natural gas which makes those plants the most profitable choice. But still it's mostly a NIMBY problem. If smaller, mass produced, gen 4 reactors could be set up in some uninhabited areas we'd basically solve all that. It's not the first and likely not the last, regardless of what draconian measures they implement. It's a high profile job and the danger comes with it. If you're the one writing laws for everyone to follow, it's highly likely that many people will want you dead. It's a "fun" fact that US presidents have a nearly 20% death rate for example. Eh, there's a difference between giving okay results and the ones you need in every possible case. Kind of how it's easy to make a robot that works 80% of the time for some task but the 99.999% of the time is the challenging bit. Which effectively means you have to go open google when the thing won't give you what you need after a few failed searches and some wasted time. Like Yahoo and Bing may be alright, with their aggregators like DDG giving even slightly better results, but it still falls short of the big G. You can be good, but you will never be better. Yeah I think with natural causes it's 18.something percent. Practice makes perfect haha From what I gather it was just a radiation caused software glitch that momentarily shut it down. > Integral has since remained under control, and from 27 September all systems are back online. Since 1 October, after an extended checkout, its instruments are back observing the high energy Universe. Seems like they're back in shape. As a comparison the Kepler telescope had 4 wheels, of which 2 eventually completely failed and they managed to get it into a neutrally stable orientation that could be managed with just the two and some thruster assistance. Until RCS ran out that is. 3 are generally the minimum you'd need to orient yourself in 3 axis, as one might expect. It took them way too long to switch over from the initial "sell electrics only to a niche crowd that wants to be unique", leading to absolutely ugly cars like the BMW i3 and whatever Citroen calls their abominations. Check the top selling electric car list and it's all normal looking cars with electric drivetrains. It wasn't just the production that messed up, but also the design and marketing department. > not having the same agility More like for not being able to port their cobol-ass running UI for anything but the one target chip it was developed for lmao. Yeah to those still adamant about it, if you've ever used a: - function call - if sentence - any kind of loop You've used a GOTO under the hood. I hope you can live with yourself, you monster :) At least that's what they tell us the design was for. Calls on puts you say? Isn't it more like Ireland, Dublin specifically? Rust is like the graphene of programming languages. So many articles of people doing something profound with it, it is supposedly better than all the rest in every way, but it still can't leave the "lab". Has anyone actually replaced one of the major ones (i.e. Java, C++, Node, C#) in a large production project with it yet? What's holding people back? Damn, they tagged half of all github users for review. Or they only let you turn off tracking for google products, because those track you internally anyway and it makes no difference, while there's no way to turn off 3rd party tracking... I'm sure a global effort will increase the offensively small fine to a medium sized fine. Google: "This is fine." They print money at an astonishing rate with AdSense. It would sure be helpful if they took some effort to focus less on adding crazy new stuff every 2 days and instead on maintaining older versions for a change. Maintaining a python dependant system these days is an absolute nightmare, at least with C++ you know that new compilers will be backwards compatible, gah. Until your LTS OS gets to end of life and you need to switch to the next one which conveniently deprecates old python versions so you have to rewrite everything. I think the medical data example is interesting. Right now where I live medical records are kept in physical cardboard form only in the name of patient confidentiality. So in effect if you go to a new doctor, or get into the ER unconscious they'll have no on-hand data on who you are, what are your allergies or pre-existing conditions. They might actually accidentally kill you over privacy ideals. "It's not face recognition, it's a gait and hair identification system! We're breaking no laws..." Well if you're using ROS, you get to choose between the two extremes of C++ or Python. It would be great if everything was in C++ to be sure, but ain't nobody got time for that, especially not the cheap results-quickly company I work at. I am Jack's complete lack of surprise coughs up Tatooine sand I don't know what you mean. Also don't walk rhythmically, it attracts Krayt dragons. Though SW does present itself in a more fun and relaxed manner, I'm sure Dune would take itself more seriously if it were possible, but it probably actually isn't by the laws of physics. So the trick is to first learn all the world's languages, and then go read it? > An essential fact of the Dune universe — but one that goes unmentioned in the movie — is that there are no computers. Around 10,000 years before the events of Dune, a mass galactic revolt — the Butlerian Jihad — against “thinking machines” ended in a new commandment, adopted by the universe’s many religious sects: “Man may not be replaced.” That part is very interesting, I wonder why it wasn't ever mentioned. It explains SO MANY things. I was mostly kidding, I also speak English as a second language. It's just the mild gripe that using foreign words as made up words that aren't made up words is a workaround hack for this issue https://xkcd.com/483 Like the characters in a fictional sci-fi story 20k years in the future obviously aren't speaking the language you're reading the story in. It just feels like bad translation. Yep, that's mostly what I'm talking about as you said with Nightfall. It's often unnecessary for its own sake imo. It's true that Dune is based on that, but languages don't really stay the same. Middle English from 500 years ago is barely readable today. Latin was transformed into French, Spanish, Italian, etc. in a mere 2000 years. None of us can really imagine what would happen in 10 times the timespan, especially with cultures living very separated on different planets which would lead to different dialects and eventually completely separate languages over time. It would still be rooted in the same principle, so the languages wouldn't be completely alien but they sure wouldn't be possible to understand for someone living today. And you could make the same case for other inventions. Hammers in 1860 looked like hammers. In 1880? Same thing. In 1900? Same old hammers. 1920? 2020? Yep you guessed it, still a hammer. Some things are invented and then perfected to a point where you can't really improve them much in a cost effective way. That doesn't mean that new stuff isn't being discovered and worked on at the same or faster rate. I think you're making a flawed extrapolation here, because the space race and the cold war overly inflated the pace of progress in space at the time. With the meagre funding that has remained since the end of that there has been pretty good progress so far. Well blender just did that exact thing going from 2.7 to 2.8 recently, although it was at least somewhat justified. But now that they've reworked it it doesn't make sense to do it again any time soon. Well that's stock on both Debian and Ubuntu still, right? It's more of a question why they haven't replaced it either. > The (sadly all too) common approach to rarely occurring bugs & edge cases: Pretend like the problem doesn't exist. Blame it on faulty networking, solar flares, etc. How to tell if someone hasn't been working with a piece of software in production yet? They've never blamed a bug on cosmic radiation yet :D And they probably still are, along with the rest of the models. Assuming you're actually the one driving them that is, and not a broken ass camera. I think he's referring to the naive idea that stock prices in general are somehow influenced by what a company is doing and are not pure speculation. I think that's partially how the education edition is supposed to be used, but I've never actually seen it happen. I've never seen people social engineer codebase maintainers into patching them an exploit into it, that was absolutely brilliant. Maybe someone can make the backend run on a blockchain and it's settled. It's still a pretty shit system. A good system would have more than 2 people and instant runoff. And I assume those 2,609 were then charged and went to prison right? Right? Ah who am I kidding. Well running as a republican would mean he's a member of and supports the republican party, is that not how that works? Otherwise one would run as an independent. If you associate yourself with a group that's known to be scum then that will reflect badly on you regardless of your actual character. I think it's more like $276/month, according to: https://www.cryptocompare.com/mining/calculator/eth?HashingP... Sure, a wide tent with many people that seem to be fine with an insurrection, gerrymandering and throwing democracy under the bus every possible chance given. It's not a race you're born into, it's a centralized entity you can chose to be a part of. I'm sorry, after the recent few years they've lost all remaining credibility. And quite the opposite, it reinforces the idea that they don't need to remember it so they never will. Like twitch's unexpected open source offsite code backup. Name two things that go better together, Python devs and breaking shit that has no reason to be broken. There are, of course, various export limitations on that technology. That won't scale. If you make this change, I will fork the code. Well I specifically can tell you every meeting and assigned task, but that's because the meetings are at standard hours and I work on larger open ended projects. I was also absolutely terrible at remembering what's for homework and when the school exams are... so I learned to write it all down in a notebook so I didn't miss anything. No fancy parent control required. That was basically standard practice ingrained from first grade onwards. Not from the US, my country already has a multiple party system. > The ocean current that brings heat from the tropics is weakening. Without it, the UK would have a climate like Siberia’s This part's actually not quite right, there was a Science paper a few months ago that simulated various events and proposed that it's more likely that the ocean itself only contributes a few degrees to the temperatures, and that it's the atmosphere movements that cause the bulk of actual heating. Still it's impossible to say what the gulf stream's dissipation will lead to and the results could still be rather catastrophic, but that statement is pretty far off reality. Some estimate that ironically, its shutdown may help with the reduction of heat waves in the summer, and Europe is a lot more infrastructurally prepared for extreme cold than extreme heat. Aside from that, it's good to see that the unsaid thing is being said out loud more and more in recent months. I have serious doubts anything can be done in this regard though, capitalism or not. All major economic/political systems seem to hinge on an ever growing economy and as such cannot go on perpetually in a closed system. The "economic growth at all costs" mindset is so ingrained in our society that there's no stopping it at this point, even if it means our extinction. The usability of KDE aside, it's not exactly the most lightweight interface. While a VM on my system can run GNOME without issues, a KDE one starts showing signs of slowdowns. Both are easily beaten by LXDE though, as crap as it is otherwise. Given that they're doing it in Rust one'd hope that the end result could be both very usable and fast at the same time, but only time will tell. Tbh I've never heard of it, but it looks kinda cool. Interesting, my Kubuntu VM uses like 1G when idle running nothing. Not sure how much of that is plasma, but it can't be a negligible amount. There is the issue that any state that had an even slight communist alignment was either completely blockaded by the west or did not qualify for loans or trade so none of them are a good case study of how it would work normally. As for the USSR + satelites they were doing 5 year plans to boost the economy as much as possible to counter the US, so no sustainable growthless economy there either. It's possible that it could be done so in theory, but then again so it is for capitalism. Both are plans that don't survive contact with reality. > most recently NVIDIA and Microsoft teamed up to create the 530 billion parameter model Megatron-Turing NLG Get it, cause it's a generative transformer? Hah That sounds like BERT alright. I put in a request months ago, I think they're not approving people anymore. The only thing open in OpenAI is your wallet. This is a problem during lectures. If you ask immediately you may end up looking entirely stupid, but if you spend a few minutes thinking about it the topic already moves from it so you can no longer ask lol. The grind is absolutely not the appeal, but the other cool stuff outweighs it. > Devair Ferreira himself survived despite receiving 7 Gy of radiation. He died in 1994 of cirrhosis aggravated by depression and binge drinking. I'd be binge drinking too if some invisible dust killed my entire family. You'd need the gyro for that, more like. If you try making your curiosity a bit more military related I'm sure you'll find something pretty quick haha. Yeah especially with something like the Pi, you could effectively double the core count by slapping another chip on the other side and add another heatsink. > Company keeping market leading advances secret brings in loads of money. More at 11. I'm sure exactly nobody is surprised. Open source is the antithesis of profitability, as such not being open source equals vast amounts of money, on average. RF would stand for radio frequency I guess, so I suppose it's the wifi module or something. They're a company that's showed nothing so far and claims to know how to do something that's apparently eluded a dozen other fusion power projects with quite literally 1000 times more funding. The likes of ITER and Wendelstein, or the NIF. Helion's only got about 80M of venture investments, which in the field of energy innovation is basically chump change. I mean call me a sceptic, but I have a feeling they may not be able to completely deliver on their promise hah. What would the world be like without the media scaremongering every headline eh? Shame we'll never find out. If they had something substantial it would make sense to patent it, instead of keeping it hidden and the potential for it to be stolen as an option. Either the principle their reactor will work on isn't conceptually done yet or they're being seriously irresponsible with their achievements. Well I sure hope that ends up being the case, but unfortunately history is also teeming with startups promising the world, getting funding and then collapsing while getting nothing done. An elephant the soize of a tangerine. The Burmans had been throwing them away. Well that's just utterly overcomplicated and overengineered. No way they could produce that at scale for dirt cheap for underdeveloped remote areas, which is what this sort of thing would be the best application for. Compared to this project that's essentially a few rings and a bike transmission. Doesn't seem to behave out of the ordinary on Chrome for me, are you on Firefox? As a non-user I only have negative feelings towards Wolt myself. They have their fleet of underpaid cyclists with gigantic boxes darting around the town at full speed without regard for traffic or anything else. The system where they get paid more the faster they go doesn't seem super healthy and one of them's gonna get killed by a car sooner or later. On the contrary, most of the city has pretty good bike lanes set up. It's just that they don't get enough time to do the commute safely, or at least safety is gravely disincentivized with extra pay. Total verrückt They really should've done it https://xkcd.com/1361 Apparently it's funny to him. Then they get fired instead, well done ha. Well it really depends on how far you push the definition. There are inherent properties that can be discovered, but the way they're calculated and described is purely arbitrary. You need to get the same result of an area of a circle in the end, but how you get there is invented. Far more feasible and evident for complex stuff than the basics of course. As shown in the video, the depressed quadratic was basically solved by 3 people in 3 different ways, with today's description and definition being different from that too. Well reaching net zero effective emissions would be a good start at least, we're not even close to that yet right now. Docker can run Win 2000, but older versions of Win 10 can't run Docker. There must be some irony here. I'm sure the first one they'll put out will be capable of 5400 rpm haha. That does not fly in the way I initially presumed it does. A red hearing. This is mostly why I've stopped buying anything but Nvidia GPUs years ago, in 99% of software people just support CUDA and call it a day it seems. The real propeller was the friends we made along the way > the game was running at 34.5 fps It can run Doom at 35 fps, but can't stream a good bluetooth signal to headphones more than 5 m away smh. Well he's CTO of Oculus these days, representing the worst business practices the VR industry has to offer. So he can't possibly not be full of shit. I was under the assumption that BLE chips have regular BL support as well as a fallback for when you actually want to use the thing for something productive. Is that not the case or are most phone manufacturers just lying while putting two chips on devices? Like if a chip supports Bluetooth 5.1 that should include both, no? Name two things that go better together: Firefox and not implementing standard APIs properly. Probably "Chrome" and "stealing data" I guess. Yet another thing on the cancerogenic pile sigh At some point you have to ask yourself if everything but water gives us cancer. But if my veins aren't lead lined, what will protect me from banana radiation? Well that's the most horrifying sentence I've read in the past few months. Well the article was about palm acid, not palm oil. But if we had secret courts, how would we know about them? They're secret. I take it the whole corona thing happened because you got the flu sometime at the end of 2019? We need it yesterday. Get someone on this, stat. It makes for a much slower experience more like, assuming the other hardware isn't up to spec. Which it definitely isn't, it being a laptop. So what is this thing actually based on? Can it run say Debian/Ubuntu packages? Running an obscure distro is usually more pain than it's worth, even for something like Raspbian. > going for the tech nerd privacy conscious crowd Which is kind of stupid frankly, most of those will rather install themselves something custom. Debian is legendary for being the most widely used Linux distro, and as such it has the most support. And that is probably the most important thing, but security is not one of its strengths. I hate to be the tiktok pokerface simple solution meme guy, but that's a solvable issue by just adding a RTC module, no complex internet garbage required. It could also just be the lack of longevity engineering that lets people design products that will last a very specific time period to save costs. Back then you just had to eyeball it and usually it meant leaning on the durable side to be safe. > turn the lights on when the power's out Well I go start up my backup nuclear reactor in the basement of course. This isn't a glass bottle you return next week, if you buy the panels they'll last you 30 or 40 years. At that point it's completely likely that the company will no longer exist when you go back for your deposit lmao. Organizations that will be shut down the next time the opposing political party comes into power? Don't make me laugh. Believe it or not, straight to jail. Chrome works in 1080p, but has a 1 in something chance of crashing your graphics driver for some reason. After I had to force restart my pc from a black screen for the 3rd time I eventually moved the the desktop app which doesn't have those problems. Computer science is overrated. Computer engineering on the other hand... much more practical ;) jazz hands I'm getting paid €35k here, for a robotics position that's more senior than junior at this point. Germany, Netherlands, Belgium and Denmark tend to have slightly higher wages but the rest of us get paid jack shit. In the US you could pull in $100k or $120k easily. But then you'd have to live in the US, which is a major downside to be sure. There are some pretty successful startups like Wolt recently, but they inevitably get bought out and taken over by american captial. So there is nothing because as soon as it becomes something it's no longer ours lmao. Pretty much. If you ask me, the word computer scientist mostly applies to people in academia, and those spend most of their time teaching the same thing every year, or trying to get their papers accepted, and fighting workplace politics instead of doing something practical. Knowing what something is isn't science, it's just being educated. Figuring out a new type of semiconductor or new sorting algorithm is science, and even that sometimes isn't. Something that I threw together one night that hasn't been peer reviewed isn't science, it's just engineering. Obligatory SMBC: https://www.smbc-comics.com/comic/2011-02-17 Eh it's not that hard, there's just a lot of aspects to work on so you have to work on it consistently. Maybe try a game jam sometime, like Ludum Dare and the sort. Some people seems to find audiobooks and podcasts fantastic, but I think it's somewhat correlated with your multitasking capability. If I go on a walk listening to a podcast or have it on in the background while working on something else I absorb only like 5% of it because I can't focus on it. As such it's useless for me unless I literally lay back in bed and listen to it. At that point I might as well just read something. Your link seems to be broken? And it's not just German either. If you take the word 175 for example: German: einhundertfünfundsiebzig (one hundred five and seventy) Slovenian: sto petinsedemdeset (one hundred five and seventy) Which is weird when you look at all the other neighbouring languages: Polish: sto siedemdziesiąt pięć (one hundred seventy five) Czech: sto sedmdesát pět (one hundred seventy five) Slovak: sto sedemdesiat päť (one hundred seventy five) Hungarian: száz hetven öt (one hundred seventy five) Italian: centosettantacinque (one hundred seventy five) Croatian: sto sedamdeset pet (one hundred seventy five) Serbian: same as Croatian but in cirilic You get the idea. Given that, I'm holding you Germans responsible for our also stupid number system. Sincerely, a Slovenian. Ah yep, seems like there is actually one more: Danish: hundrede femoghalvfjerds (hundred five and seventy) And the rest I've checked now: Romanian: o sută șaptezeci și cinci (hundred seventy five) French: cent soixante quinze (hundred sixty fifteen) Swedish: hundra sjuttiofem (hundred seventy five) Finnish: sata seitsemänkymmentäviisi (hundred seventy five) Norweigan: hundre og syttifem (hundred seventy five) Spanish: ciento setenta y cinco (hundred seventy five) Ah right I remember hearing somewhere that you guys don't have words for 70, 80, and 90 and do this odd sum of two thing. I suppose there are worse ways than the reverse German :D My god. It's linear! Yeah LaTeX needs some actually useful error messages first before it can be considered for something that people use widely. It's crash logs are even less useful than C++ and that's saying something. You basically have to do guesswork to figure out what might be wrong if the damn thing won't compile. My BSc thesis wasn't the first thing I wrote in it, but it likely will be the last one. The idea is good, the execution is a resounding meh. I swear I am never clicking on any blackbird post on any forum or social network again, because this stupid shit is ALWAYS the top comment. This is the material supply equivalent of a crypto coin that has 50% of its market cap in one wallet. If I had a dollar for every pixel I see in twitter videos I'd have two dollars which isn't a lot but it's weird that they still somehow call them videos. And I sure hope they didn't download and install their OS from a premade image too, you really can't trust canonical and the rest of those gangs these days! So what's stopping them? I'm not sure if you're the guy to ask, but I'm sure you're aware of the continuing acidification of the oceans via CO2 absorption. From what I've heard it's highly unpredictable as to how it will actually affect ecosystems, but supposedly some molluscs are already having reproductive issues as their shells tend to dissolve at some point in the growing cycle. The predictions I've read point to a likely oceanic food chain collapse in 15-25 years, not to mention the decrease in fertility that fish seem to be experiencing from higher temperatures. Is that roughly correct? It's true, there is some absorption: https://www.eea.europa.eu/ims/ocean-acidification and it's gonna make the situation so much worse it's hard to even imagine right now. > hashbang Maybe it's just me but those always seem vastly gratuitous. Like shouldn't the engine figure that out automatically? It's like half its job. Damn I have been doing this exact thing to get "more organic" results in recent months and didn't even think about it, but it's pretty obvious now that there has been some major exclusion when it comes to results. Yeah well I don't see Firefox supporting it either, with their usual practice of not even supporting what Chrome bothers to do. It should detect if a query is very likely to be something that appears on say stackoverflow and then offer it as a first search result. Does doing the hashbangs actually throw you directly onto the site? I'd assumed it just restricted results to that site. The Pi generally has pretty atrocious power management, with linear regulators and no option to sleep or save power in any way aside from turning off stuff like USB controllers. It would probably cost them like $2 in parts to add switch mode power supplies and they'd reduce power consumption by at least half if not more. But no we can't afford a few dollars worth' of parts on an $80 product to improve quality of life significantly lmao. Imagine all the battery powered applications where this would be a night and day difference. > Moth Minds is a platform that makes it extremely easy for anyone to start their own grants program. Where is it? More like will be. Hmm seems like you're right and they have in fact improved, and with synchronous ones no less which should be really up there in efficiency. Then it really is a mystery why the Pi is still so energy inefficient when compared to other ARMs of similar capability. Maybe it's just me, but we all place an awful lot of trust giving vendors essentially all credit card details possible AND where we live so that they're capable of skimming a self defined sum off by themselves. It's like an inherently insane system. We're supposed to be the one wiring the cash, not the vendor themselves with our data. That's a pretty good point actually, cash worked perfectly fine without this feature for centuries. > Fixing your old legacy software takes time, but probably less time than starting over from scratch. Is it though? The current system is the equivalent of some old unmaintainable shit written in COBOL by a guy who quit after 30 years while making the codebase as terrible as possible to maintain job security. I'm pretty sure anything running on the mainnet these days will be 10x more expensive than a classic centralized option just with gas fees and is as such completely useless. Interesting, I just got more depressed every time. Also "at least we're not in WW3, life is good!" is such a crap argument I can't even. A guy writes a blog post on important issues to focus on and what this guy comes up with is: "shut up, be happy". If you keep complaining about the lack of water though a pipeline will eventually be built. Most smartphones draw roughly one third of the power of an idling Pi at max load (without counting the screen draw), that's what I'm comparing against. I'd check some benchmarks, but the gap in consumption is so hilariously large I don't quite see the point. Something like 6W for the Pi 4 and 2W for the average flagship smartphone chipset, both under max load if I recall right. Some of them even have double the core count. Are they expecting to live 100 years from the point of writing? Till death of the author seems most sensible. Reminder that Dante's Inferno was shitty fan fiction. The only title on the list I recognize, such a timeless classic. Ah I know this one! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c7pX0iAKGzs&list=PLFE1QOlYmt... Because you can't take your work with you when you die, so it can't matter what happens to it and should be considered common good afterwards. I'd say it's actually worth more, to humanity as a whole. Well at least the left explorer windows in a somewhat higher value, so we have that going for us which is nice. Yeah they've done a remarkable job with the 2.80 update, the UI is pretty decent now. Also its competitors are buggy-ass insanely overpriced monthly subscription proprietary editors, so no surprise there. There are still things to complain about, like the undo speed, CSG modifier unreliability, lack of certain features, but none of them are strict deal breakers. While there are so many things to dislike about Epic, I guess even a broken clock is right twice a day. They've also been subject to a class action lawsuit, the Epic Games Store they set up was so barebones and badly put together that there were major security breaches in the first few weeks. Refunds still don't work properly. They eventually resorted to bribing people with free games to join their platform, and pressuring devs into exclusive deals with lower platform cuts instead of fixing their damn product. Their handling of problems has usually been dismissive and out of touch and seems to lead to toxic communities around their games. They're as anti-consumer of a company as it gets, although nobody really beats EA there I guess. I mean congrats, they sued Apple adding a precedent to let devs use external ways of paying for microtransactions, something 99% of actual devs don't have the infrastructure to do anyway. It only helps Epic stuff their face a bit more. Like winning a lawsuit that lets you run self-refined gas in your car or something. Also they're owned by Tencent, so yeah. Let me know once dart or go can run a wide ecosystem of libraries and middleware that apply to almost any situation. There's a reason people still use languages like C++, Python, and Java despite them being objectively bad in some respects. Without mainstream adoption you've got a chicken and the egg problem. Users who only take the free games and never spend a dime in the store, yes. I think you're missing my point here. Let's say you're given a pytorch model. You can either run it with native python or grab the golang bindings that are used by 5 people, and if you get stuck there, god help you. You'll be hitting obscure bugs in no time. Even if something officially supports multiple languages, the obscure ones will be usually get inferiorly implemented bindings just because they're not used as much and will consequently not be as tested and as patched as the main ones. It's unfortunate but that's life I guess. Well the range is shorter, towing anything reduces range further, charging is slow, few gas stations support electric, the initial car price is higher and I'm sure there are other arguments as well. This is why I pirate all my kindle books and keep them locally in epubs/mobis. You either have it or you don't. That's not exactly support though is it, it's just that you don't like their business model. Counterfeits are like half of what they sell these days. Hell that's what amazon basics is. You know, it really baffles me how these things can operate safely with the general population. No way for the operator to keep track of the whole thing and thus no way to stop in an emergency, countless ways to injure yourself or others, yet there seems to be hardly any regulation for them (given the laughably sorry state some of them are in) and apparently not that many injuries either. Compare that to most household products with a thousand warning labels for things that are common sense and/or completely harmless. Like do idiots not go skiing or something? Or more like open terrain generator for spigot, it's so much better than stock minecraft it's laughable. https://i.imgur.com/YtDraMh.jpg The problem with those packs, especially ones like tekkit is that they just mash in a thousand different mods of barebones compatibility, some adding the same kind of ore or item slightly differently and you end up with a billion items, some of which are duplicates, no idea where to start from or what to use with what, and all in all a general unbalanced clusterfuck. Create mod by itself is fine as it is imo, no extra stuff required. Never signed anything and have been on some rustbuckets of anchor-style ski lifts. The full seat ones are usually better maintained, but imo an anchor to the face shoulld be pretty nasty. Or just use en.m.wikipedia.org instead? From the preview they look very similar. Well, it does kind of have the name and contact info of the guy on the card. If something goes wrong you know where to find him and hit him with a wrench. It's not stealing, it's code reuse taps temple Yeah that is quite the downside. As someone living in the EU working a remote job for a foreign company on an hourly basis it's impossible to get a loan. Credit score doesn't exist and banks tell you to go fuck yourself if you don't have a full time job. Hell they even limit you to like 300€ per month on credit cards, I had to start using a prepaid card to actually pay for anything. I suppose that's true, but having it say that would be obviously fake. If you forge the details just slightly so that it's believable it would I guess work as an attack. Daily reminder to myself that there's no faith to be had in humanity. Maybe that's why he became a civil engineer! https://i.redd.it/e1u01yu0y5n11.png > The Kalman Filter (video 1 of 55) That seems... excessive. That's exactly what he'd say though isn't it? The funny part about it is that one can never tell if it's true or not. > the more we raise the bar for what qualifies as AI (as we should). I'm not sure what you mean by that. The definition is pretty clear cut as "any system that perceives its environment and takes actions that maximize its chance of achieving its goals". The media has started to get on the bandwagon of "it's not AI if it's not an AGI" which is just nonsense. They want you to buy the PRO version which leverages the availability but makes it actually look decent. It's meant only as a demo so you can check compatibility I guess. I mean, writing shitty unmaintainable code for job security is not an uncommon thing, so this is the logical next step. Why not? Assuming your naval gun doesn't misfire and delete your ship. "EU Commission not satisfied with paying its developers below market rate, but instead would like them to work for free" It is known. He forgot to remember the most important lesson of all, humans love fake things above all else. From novels to games to movies... and facebook conspiracy posts. Yeah at best that'll break your site when the library has the next update, changing random things that nobody asks for. And you'll get a swapped malicious file at worst. Guy was trying to say "Greetings gentlemen, allow me to introduce myself" but all they heard was "Gweetings gentwemen, awwow me tuwu intwoduce mysewf". I'm surprised nobody has so far mentioned how blatantly sexist the whole thing is, in the age of feminists endlessly arguing about the smallest pointless thing. Yeah check out MOND and RelMOND. There have been some breakthroughs on the front of revising the actual theories that seem promising. The grand consensus is that it's unlikely but I've always thought it's less likely that some made up matter that we can't detect in any way makes up 95% of the universe. When it comes to dark matter/energy it seems like everyone's thrown Occam's razor out of the window. Only time and observed events will tell which one fits more though. You either have a simple theory that doesn't check out for all cases and makes up invisible things to fit or one that does work but is probably overfit on current data. Depends if it falls under fair use or not. IR radiation, in a nutshell. Yeah if you like ads and like all your movement being data mined. It also has the worst FoV of any headset on the market, which basically equals the amount of immersion you get out of it. You're better off with a smartphone cardboard thing or saving up for a real headset. Personally I'm waiting for the next gen ones, the current ones are all still too terrible in price to performance. Frankly Reddit is more like HN if it had feeds for every thing known to man and a few million more users. It started out almost exactly the same way as HN is right now, except for somewhat better site usability. You eventually outgrow the dev community and have to start catering to normal people and the results are predictable. The senseless outrage on this site sometimes measures up completely. Perhaps India should ban rope instead! /s India's fanbase instantly reduced to zero. Chess.com does benefit from their collection of training bots with different strategies and more forgiving play style which are pretty neat to play against. Though most of them are behind a paywall so eh. Lichess only offers stockfish levels when it comes to bots, and even the lowest level seems more brutal than bots with x2 its ELO on chess.com. Hmm I see, so there are other bots on lichess but they're set up as real players with a bot tag and you play them by challenging them directly. That seems like terrible UX when there's a whole separate menu to set up pve games and no way for a newcomer to learn that... Sure stockfish level 1 is very beatable, but I do sometimes like sealclubbing super low rated bots so I don't have to think at all when playing and still win, for which the chess.com bots are very neat :P Punishable by death. I don't think audiobooks are in the reading category, that's more like you know, listening. When you think about it, the internet is very interactive and most of it is reading (youtube aside), compared to TV which is 100% preset video content. Well most of the population seems to drink coffee and is somehow proud of not being able to quit, so yeah. Addiction is a part of our life, we just have to be careful to not form harmful ones. And a war torn climate hell future to look forward to, while not being able to afford a house to live in. > I sometimes wonder what will happen if the internet gets suddenly shut down worldwide? Will hundreds of millions of internet addicts go down the streets protesting, and possibly overthrowing their governments? That is downright laughable. So much hinges on the internet these days that society would literally grind to a halt even without considering anything non-essential. Databases offline, communications down, supply chains gone in an instant. Most businesses would be bankrupt within a week not being able to access their CRM, or emails, or you know... bank accounts. People would be too busy dying to protest. But sure some teenagers with a mild psychological addiction to browsing tiktok or whatever would be upset! Self centered writers with jobs that entail scribbling down fiction on a piece of paper seem to easily forget what are considered essential utilities in this world these days and how fragile is the house of cards we've built. Haha yeah this reminds me of that recent Google congressional hearing where the only thing they accomplished was showing how little the questioners understand anything at all about tech. Yeah it was never about the so called art, it's just the latest way to hype up and get people to fork over cash for something that's functionally the same as buying crypto anyway. Though you do get the bonus tax evasion, so that's neat. Yeah though credit card processors don't have dusting attacks and smart contracts to deal with, so it probably balances out. Well bitcoin still has dollars in transaction fees, so that renders it useless for any day to day purchases. There are feeless blockchains like NANO which solve many problems but mostly get ignored because they can't be mined and people can't create currency out of thin air. What people are missing is that crypto is its own self perpetuating economy at this point, even if it's mostly scheme based. Cryptocurrency is cryptography based currency though, so the term does make sense. If a framework needs compiling to view changes instead of pressing F5 in a browser like god intended, that's gonna be a no from me dawg. Transformers (2007) Yes, in this GPU market that's essentially a new car's worth of cash. If a medical researcher can't give a mouse cancer and cure it he ain't any good. Somewhat better ones can do the same for ALS it seems. And Sam O'Nella https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zz0PYzzfixY My ancestors are smiling at me, imperial, can you say the same? Yeah OP's does sound as robotic as ubuntu speech to text, this one is almost completely clear. > The FOV is 95° at a pupil distance of about 8mm and 90° at a pupil distance of 12mm. Meh, pass. The Index is at 130 degrees and even that looks like you're looking through a pair of toilet paper rolls. Why do they bother going with such high resolution if they don't expand the FoV? It's just gonna chug more with your average mid range graphics card. Now you can really move zig. For great justice. I exaggerate, but it's still nowhere near the usual 210 natural FoV. That's just how it feels after a while in these first and second gen headsets. > As you starting adding more degrees of FoV you start needing to render more and more pixels due to the distortion Exactly, and since they've added no FoV (the original 6 year old oculus had an 80-90 deg FoV, albeit with a shitty 1200x1200 resolution) the extra density seems a bit gratuitous. Isn't that a problem since you can still move your eyes? Another nitpick: > with one side that’s willing to use the proprietary Discord client, and one side that isn’t. By choosing Discord, you also lock out users with accessibility needs, for whom the proprietary Discord client is often a nightmare to use.1 Users who cannot afford new enough hardware to make the resource-intensive client pleasant to use are also left by the wayside Discord runs fine in the browser, I've been using it for years any never installed anything. So there's nothing more proprietary than other websites, and you can probably use chrome accessibility features. I have this slight feeling this guy has a grudge and is writing this in bad faith. Matrix, Zulip and Rocket Chat are good alternatives, but I can't believe he's suggesting to use IRC in 2021. Way to drive people away from your project that way when nobody knows how to use your limited team chat haha. In fact, wouldn't it be great if Github wasn't owned by a money grabbing multinational conglomerate? Yeah, that's not happening. Check out Thingiverse, for the worst search engine in human history. Checked out Ripcord, does it really look like this https://cancel.fm/ripcord/static/ripcord_screenshot_win_6.pn... ? Usability may be better but damn their design is from like the 90s. Have they ever heard of padding? And colours? Depends on how much my code is worth to them for their machine learning projects. I do hope that web 3 brings a DNS service that can be bought once and owned forever that nobody can tear even from your cold dead hands. I'm not holding my breath though. That's just called r/all Not to be confused with the discombobulator Yeah, and the amount of power they export has about halved in the last year. They're just turning stuff off without a way to replace it which will bite us all in the ass in the long run. It's the classic outsource stuff to other nations and claim victory tactic that helps nobody. Sure you have a choice. But much like with wearing a gas mask, people will think you're weird and you'll end up alone. Well if you're wrong we'll be dead so win-win. Mouse: Sugar... Give me... sugar... in water. SpaceX: You're hired. To be fair Blink is probably one of if not the most stable and tested gui renderer in existence at this point. So a DDoS attack is like a horde of skeletons? w h y By HN? There's like 5 of us here. Must've been Reddit. taps temple Why go big when you can go gigantic. > You have 69.06606187% of life remaining Nice. There is certainly a market for cartridges that don't dry out it seems hah. Imagine having to level your ink ejector over a piece of paper, I'd rather die. Given that this does not really give the orbit any real significance in terms of being shaded by the Earth from the Sun, is there another reason it's there? I guess it gives you a very stable position for observations, but why not just put it in solar orbit then? Then again this is kind of a solar orbit that happens to stay close to the Earth at all times so that's a plus for comms. Well it can allegedly make photos of Jupiter that would be comparable of doing them during a close flyby, but that's likely not good enough for something of that sort. You'd have to see things through kilometers of ice. Ah yes I hadn't considered the IR sources aspect, that makes a lot of sense. Well most of the time I print something myself it's some graphics thing that needs colours. Though yeah some people just print black and white text, even though that hardly makes sense anymore. If you need to get text somewhere just send a PDF. Maybe for signing contracts or something, but for that there's adobe acrobat reader. Colour lasers remain quite expensive and usually don't include the extra scanner which is handy to have at times. Though lasers do have the benefit of being able to print onto clear transparent sheets which inkjets straight up can't unless you get those special roughened ones. I mean, looking at what my local stores have on offer you can get a multifunctional inkjet for $90, cheapest colour laser for $340. But realistically are you going to buy the cheapest possible one? You can probably get a very decent inkjet for $150 but for a decent laser you'll probably need to go into the $500 range. It's a roughly 3X price difference. Still this does surprise me, last I checked they were all over $600 at the very least, so the prices have come down in recent years I guess. > Forgetting to eat is a thing too If only there was a mechanism the body had to alert you of it, like some kind of feeling perhaps... Well then I wish we could swap bodies, that sounds superb for weight loss. I'm sure Godot will integrate it in version 4.1... when it comes out in 10 years. The age of cinema is over. The time of the torrents has come. Yeah we can handle the part where it knows how to express itself in a specific language, it can take in some facts, compare them to its internal database and spit out something sensible as a statistically probable good reply. But there's no sense of self involved there. I remember reading an interesting article a while ago about at least in the human case the basic principle of emerging consciousness happens when the prediction system in our brain designed for figuring out what other entities around us do is used on itself, trying to explain what the subconscious is doing. As such the consciousness we experience is a bit of a bug in that system that turned out to be beneficial to some extent. All just a theory of course given how much we actually know about the brain so far, but it's always made the most sense to me. I'm not sure how that would translate into the current ML environment though. The problem with that is how do you rate the dialogue produced as correct or not? Not exactly something that can be automated, but would probably need something like a recaptcha to gather responses and it'd take forever. Probably says more about that tech prof's social and lecturing skills than the bot ha. Guy must be an actual robot already. More like training a kid takes 400 million years of random chance :P Well we can have our cake and eat it too. Keep simple and limited machines for work, and intelligent ones to talk to and treat as equals to help us in other ways. It's not like every roomba needs to run a neural inference engine to do its job, nor do we hand pollinate ever flower ourselves if we can get the bees do it it in the organic world. Indeed. > to simply read “hello there” General.. Kenobi. It also helps when what you're watching has atrocious audio mixing (looking at you Nolan), or you have shit speakers, or actors mumble or whisper, in which case it's helpful to have them as an aid when something's not clear. > YouTubes auto mathy subtitle gen ration is grate FTFY Ah for fucks sake Or just a refresh rate that isn't what feels like several seconds. When it comes down to it I doubt most "innovative, potentially competing enterprises" can offer even close to a competitive salary. I think for the most part if you have a local economy on Mars, Earth time won't matter anyway. You can't realistically have video or phone calls with a 20 min ping so that kind of direct time sensitive communication goes out the window immediately. Given the clusterfuck that DST is, and that it's done purely because people think it's fun or whatever to move clocks in the summer, I have no doubts that the de facto Martian time would be something that works best for people locally with no other considerations. Well y'know, if everyone would really be happy then what's the downside? :) Well he's not wrong. Might as well then also get consent from cadavers to do autopsy lmao. Or they could take a page from the semiconductor industry and replace human hearts with 128 genetically modified mouse hearts in an array. If you replace a human organ by organ with one from a pig, is he still the original human? Ship of piggus. Doctor: "Now, most hearts couldn't withstand this voltage ... but I'm fairly certain your heart..." Pig: "What was noise?" Doctor: "The sound of progress, my friend." You mean dumb fish. And a really smart fish would hang out somewhere in the hadal zone, we don't even know half the species that exist there. Sea cows You open source some of your existing code, then hire the people that you find working on expanding it in their free time. Wololo Hey I'm not speciesist, some of my best friends are bacteria! Yeah, and I wasn't aware there was anything to format. This is Python after all, code style is enforced by compiler lol. Absolutely right, if I had any students to teach I'd start with bogosort. It's arguably the best one. Yeah, I've installed a bunch of PIR controlled LED strips around the apartment to light up as people walk into rooms automatically, and aside from that there really isn't anything else I see I would need. The "smart" approach would be having all of them wifi enabled, and then being able to change colour, intensity, duration, etc. via web or app. You know what also works just as well for that though? One or two push buttons on each detector lol. So say we all. It's probably not worth going much past something that's also super popular like an ODroid. Otherwise you'll just be spending an inordinate amount of hours trying to figure out obscure bugs that the non-existent community hasn't yet fixed for you. I once made the mistake of buying a Banana Pi M2 Zero. Specs were great, support looked decent, I thought I'll be getting a Pi 3 in a Zero form factor. What I instead got was a thing nobody uses on which barely anything runs properly with such flaky wifi that it's practically useless. Never again. "Well you see your account it still up... for legal reasons." Yeah same here, the only thing I see are posts from the groups I've joined which are mostly field of work related, the occasional corporate promotion and maybe a friend post about someone's holiday or something once in a blue moon. When people say "I deleted facebook because of all the hate" it just makes me wonder what kind of assholes they're friends with. Removing their facebook posts from your view just hides who they are, they don't stop being assholes. What they really need to fix is their damn social circle. > grandfather What do you call your dad's dad then? > The cakewalk was a pre-Civil War dance performed by enslaved people, and the winner of which would be given a cake. This is the original source for the phrases “takes the cake” and “cakewalk.” Because of this history, this word and phrase should be avoided. > Brown bags trace back to the “brown paper bag test,” which was traditionally used to judge skin color by certain African-American sororities and fraternities. References to a “brown bag” when we are really referencing a get-together over lunch surfaces an ugly period of American history that can alienate and offend people. > (no can do) What might seem like a folksy, abbreviated version of “I can’t do it” is actually an imitation of Chinese Pidgin English. The phrase dates from the mid-nineteenth to early-twentieth centuries, an era when Western attitudes towards the Chinese were markedly racist. > Using the word “pow wow” is cultural misappropriation, and ultimately racist. > Referring to something as your spirit animal is cultural appropriation. Some of these are pretty wild. > Now everybody is thinking about it. About the elephant in the room you mean? > $5 gift card This makes it. I think there's more to consider here too that makes it irrelevant in terms of currency comparison. Usually cheap stuff like bread is notoriously expensive in Switzerland for example, I'd assume because the price of labour is that high. As such the cost of making a big mac there is also more expensive, buying power is higher, so to meet demand and recoup labour costs the end prices are higher. Same for the other extreme example in Turkey where workers are dirt cheap, and as such don't have much buying power or contribute that much to the overall burger cost, so the price is effectively lower. This is just another standards of living map, it has barely anything to do with currency conversion. The Lira isn't undervalued, it's in a hyperinflation nosedive because of gross monetary mismanagement of Turkey lol. The average purchasing power of both seem to be about the same though: https://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/compare/Denmark/Un... The US definitely has much higher inequality, so maybe comparing average rather than median could be unrealistic. Yeah theoretically, except customs tend to nullify that exact arbitrage profit. If anything you'd have a major loss. Could work for inside the EU I guess though, between those that don't use the Euro and those that do. Well you need two guys, one from the US, one from Denmark and they booth need a calorie counter machine. > So she feels threatened by moderate setbacks and finds any number of excuses to procrastinate: she's not in the mood, not in the right place, too busy, not inspired, too hungry, too full, too alert, too tired. So she retreats into the safe and familiar. She checks her email for the hundredth time. Feeling personally attacked Dead body reported. When there is nothing more to take away you're left with nothing. As they say, "Nothing is perfect." It does seem like a good idea on paper, though when you look at the reports of how many people have actually DRSed their shares it becomes painfully obvious that it's so few that it isn't likely to ever make a difference. 12 ft ladder works on the Economist: https://12ft.io/proxy?q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.economist.com%2Fcu... It's pretty funny that the entire article is only like 3x the length of the preview. To be clear though, any kind of investing into items with no practical value is fundamentally a ponzi scheme. For someone that buys low and sells high there's always someone that buys high. Be it on the stock market, forex, crypto exchanges or whatever the NFT scene is doing these days. How do you differentiate a crypto rugpull or a company going bankrupt after all the funding has been drained out by its owner? Or fiat devalued by inflation? In principle it's all different sides of the same coin, pun intended. So yeah, always has been. 1) That's debatable. Companies are after all just people doing stuff. You don't own the people and they could all just quit one day. Maybe you own a part of the company assets, but these days with remote work and internet companies that can be close to nothing. I don't see many stocks paying out dividends, but I suppose that's a thing. 2) Illegal's never stopped anyone from doing anything, and I don't see how the crypto version isn't fraud too. But in both these cases you can fly to a non extradition country with your newfound fuck-you-money, leaving the investors up shit creek without damages. Crypto has some benefits over the stock market, it's open 24/7 so it doesn't discriminate against anyone, and it's more volatile so one can get higher returns (well, or losses) with less of an investment without having to resort to options or margin which are just as risky. It also has more defined and predictable bull/bear markets in relation to bitcoin halvings. I don't really see the two markets as too different though. One has just had more time to become more rigged for wall street. On the other hand, making Artifact was a very shareholder style move of them. Such an utter cashgrab it's was actually disgusting. How many of those bugs are only linux-specific I wonder. It doesn't account for the option that the Earth is stationary and the sky is spinning, much it like it would be implemented in a game or CGI scenes for example. Gyroscopes can rule this out as well since they're showing rotational change directly. Seems like the article writer has fallen for the very issue they're trying to portray, by writing so many examples that they've stopped thinking and just resorted to writing "PERSON CAN BE REPLACED WITH ROCK". If this isn't ironic then I don't know what is. Bubbles eventually burst, just ask an economist. Ah yes just like every open source project must pay a grand to github to host their code. /s What are you even talking about? I thought ALS was already treatable by pouring a bucket full of ice onto yourself daily /s Indeed you can get all sorts of stuff there. https://www.bauhaus.eu/fileadmin/_processed_/b/9/csm_teaser-... Investor: "If developers have debt, why don't they simply repay it? They could pay in install-ments." When Colorado is nuked so badly that only Color remains hah. https://i.imgur.com/yvsPBak.png Well if you delete the codebase you no longer have any tech debt, problem is technically solved. Big brain time. Tbf, it'll also take us a few decades to get human Mars transit figured out so sounds like we're on schedule. There is an inherent urgency in all of his plans, mainly because he wants to see it done within his lifetime. He's got 40 years left tops, but more like 20 during which he could still theoretically do anything significant in. Rockets take decades to develop. I think fundamentally these models compress the learning data into network weights and connections, so in effect if the learning data was 6 + 10 = 16 and 9 + 10 = 19, then you give it 7 + 10 it'll interpolate between what it's seen or something of the sort, giving you something approximately right. It's also not lossless compression so what it may have actually inside is 9 + 10 = 18 so yeah. > this illusion is why big models are so popular. Memorise more stuff It's all just a compressed lookup table that can handle in-betweens. Quik mafs But does GPT-3 know what based is based on? Or why kids love the taste of Cinnamon Toast Crunch? The concept of rights also makes no sense to a machine. The main reason rights are a thing are to prevent pain and suffering, which unless specifically implemented no AGI will likely have. There is something profoundly weird with text rendering in Firefox. Having used Chrome for years and then switched for a while I tried all the different antialiasing modes in the config but neither of them look the same as Chrome somehow, it's all just a tiny bit off and it's so unnerving. Also if you have an input box in html with a size value set to the number of chars you need, that value will be always too short in Firefox, so you have to set it to some multiple which then renders too long in all other browsers where it resolves correctly. I think it's been logged on bugzilla and closed as wontfix, as usual. Typical firefox development cycle. Ah yes, I never really bother to install Chrome on any of my linux machines, but my main one is still Windows and that's where I noticed it. Why should something like font rendering differ between OSes, that makes no sense. A browser should render the exact same image on all platforms. But then again I forget we don't live in a world where anything makes sense. > Ouch if true. Yeah see here: https://i.imgur.com/p6sALTq.png Input field, size specified as 6. Now that I'm looking at it again I suppose it's clear that Firefox ignores the arrow box width while making it visible all the time...? Not entirely font related but it's still rather atrocious. People charging $199 for a slightly wider Lucida Console, you can't make this shit up. The marketing is so outrageous. In case someone's seriously considering this, here are an additional two sites that have literally hundreds of CC0 and other free to use fonts, not just monospace: https://www.1001freefonts.com http://allfont.net DIN 1451 Mittelschrift is my personal favorite. Idk, putting the $199 towards buying a nicer monitor seems like the pro gamer move. There are billions of free fonts out there. Meanwhile you still need Google to search reddit as reddit's built in search remains trash. Noscript breaking websites? Who woulda thunk. How do you manage to navigate the web with that on by default? It breaks just about everything since nothing is a static site these days. If only they spent as much time expanding their catalogue as they do making slides they'd probably leave the competition in the dust. > Mac for development Is Mac really any better than Windows or Linux for dev? Or is it just that a Macbook is more convenient to carry around? > This is a world Ah yes, the world of USA. I know it's a hard concept for Americans to understand, but there do exist countries on this planet where litigation culture hasn't degenerated to the point of complete utter madness. Perhaps for once it would be a good idea to take notes instead of forcing idiotic ideas onto the rest of the civilized world. So.. maglev? You don't really need to remove air resistance to beat Amtrak though. If you have a helium 3 reactor, yes. I've always been sceptical of this working well enough to be usable. Does the average iphone owner leave their bluetooth, gps, and mobile network on 24/7? Sounds like an awful waste of power. What about in the rest of the world outside the US, Canada and Australia where Android is the market leader and iphones are rather rare? What happens inside buildings when the phone doesn't have a fix? Does it store the tag's key and sends it as soon as it gets gps data? At least we can still use Google to search Reddit. Everyone on Reddit is a bot except you. It does pose the question what would actually happen should someone bomb the sarcophagus. Well he invented fighting, and he perfected it so that no living man could best him in the ring of honour. Then he used his fight money to buy two of every animal on Earth, and then he herded them onto a boat, and then he beat the crap out of every single one... We had a good run. Time for some small reptiles to try their hand at civilization next. Not problems like 'what is beauty' because that would fall within the purview of your conundrums of philosophy. We solve practical problems. If someone hasn't yet made an IoT teapot that only returns that I'm officially disappointed in humanity. The company I work at is basically all part-time devs, including myself. There are upsides and downsides with it however. I absolutely love the freedom it offers, since as long as projects have good progress you can work any time, anywhere, take any amount of days off or work any amount of hours you want without having to tell anyone anything. On the other hand there's no paid time off or vacation bonus, your credit rating is non-existent and no bank will lend you anything, it doesn't count towards the pension period, you need to file taxes manually every month, etc. This is in Europe so as you might imagine most of the government systems in place are rigidly designed for the standard full time job which is rather infuriating in most aspects. In deep learning it's usually hard enough to get past the installation of the 2 billion dependencies that one needs to run anything before you realize you don't have enough vram anyhow. Physicists look at cold fusion scientists like archaeologists do at ancient alien theorists? Yeah the fact is that the more demand there is for it the cheaper they can make it, so everybody wins in the end. Well except the people living around the place where the raw materials are extracted, but that's another story. Or you know, just insert a $5 SD card like a normal person? If you want to pay four times the price for them yes. Or just wait for Q4 when they'll probably ramp up production to meet demand. Reminds me of FDM 3D printing tech. Stratasys patented it in the 80s and proceeded to do fuck all with it except slow down progress in the field. It's only since 2009 when it expired that it became commercialized and mainstream, revolutionizing prototyping as we know it. At this point patents need to be replaced with a one time monetary reward system or a stipulation that everyone using the tech needs to pay you 5% royalties for a time duration or something of the sort, but no exclusive rights. With the way the climate is going we can no longer afford these 30 year tech setbacks or we're all screwed. Exactly, the only way to get people to accept everyone as they are is to see that they're exactly the same as them. If a person can't put this sort of thing aside and work with a basic dose of professionalism then they should frankly be fired. You can't tolerate intolerance. You'd think that a nation as varied as the US would know that. This is what 10 year old me thought "Save As" in IE would do, but soon realized the harsh reality of "that's not how any of this works". That's gonna be the title of the Ukraine reconstruction project. Ah so that Lemmino video is just a rundown of this wikipedia page hah. It is not only possible for humans not behaving rationally, it is essential! Or tried to install tensorflow ayoo Sounds like Nvidia just needs to patent its trade secrets until Friday, thus making them useless to everyone for the next 20 years when they'll be so outdated nobody will use them anyway. Regardless of what is released if the license doesn't allow anyone to use it it's effectively useless. Aside from maybe a few pirated driver builds that will fix some linux issues and also install background bitcoin miners. I seriously doubt Nvidia will cave. Imagine having to install a different OS to run something, what year is this? Well that's basically all we do isn't it? Every exe you run on windows, every apt package you get on linux, every docker container, or node module, etc. Just layers and layers of running black boxes that nobody but the original developer knows much about. But even if you compile it yourself, what exactly are you gaining? Extra work for something you won't look into anyway? You'd think open source stuff would be more peer reviewed, but as a maintainer of a few open company repos it's surprising how much nobody actually cares and will just run whatever. Most of the time it works fine because the average person isn't a malicious actor, but every so often something gets compromised and it's always discovered by pure chance. This is the moment to retreat to the safety of LEO and observe from there. Fireworks ought to be good. With this one simple trick, you too can turn your local network into a cesspit of cybercrime! I was about to feed P = NP into GPT-3, sigh And that solar is the most expensive way of producing power per kWh and would go nowhere if not subsidized to the moon and back. Ford Nucleon It's always been a problem that the current way we do reactors involves lots of one-off designs, with gigantic powerplants that require too much red tape to get finished in a reasonable time frame. Now instead of that have a small modular core that is certified to high heaven and can be mass produced. It would cut down maintenance, deployment, construction, everything. I truly think this is a fantastic way towards a net zero future. Nah it's the other one that needed fuel from Libyans. Well that sure is interesting, it's the exact opposite of what I've read before. Having not read that entire novel, I do have to ask if that's taking the average yearly Wh of a solar panel or what it says on the tin? Because it'll only produce that in Mexico during summer at midday. These costs can't be fixed but likely vary significantly by latitude and weather type. Anyhow if that's somehow correct and the price is $29.04 for a solar MWh and $121.84 for battery storage, then taking night into account for a 1MW installation you need 2x the solar capacity to make up the night draw during the day and a 12 MWh battery bank, so in total that would be $58.08 for the panels and $1462.08 for storage. Not exactly feasible by itself still. That's simplified of course, as you don't get as much draw at night, but you also have to consider that in winter you'll basically get nothing from the panels, so you may need even more than just 2x. > In the best places With all due respect, that's a pretty bullshit metric. Most of the world's population does not live where solar works best, so you'll get only fractional output and much higher price to performance. Well there's this: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Picovoice/speech-to-text-b... So allegedly twice as accurate as Google Assistant, which sounds very impressive. No clue if it would run in real time on something like a Jetson Nano though. Yeah I panicked for a second then remembered it must be about the US state and we're safe in Europe... for now. > and RPI 3/4 Woah, now that is cool. Are you guys considering a Mycroft integration at some point? If there was one thing I would love for Blender to add is to have a way to scale selections to a specific size. Right now there's literally no way to do it except splitting it out as a separate object and then doing it via geometry bounds. The ruler tool is also so hard to limit to a specific axis and a general pain to use. Like is it so hard to always draw some text for all 3 axis to say what the selection bounds are? I'm perplexed that none of the so called CAD plugins didn't add this as a first order of business, but they bothered adding something as useless as an outline renderer. When I need anything that's dimensionally accurate in Blender I have to set up and scale the critical parts in Tinkercad first, then import into Blender to finish it up properly ffs. Does it have the option to lock the camera rotation around the Z axis yet like any other sane 3D viewer? Otherwise hard pass, because it's impossible to rotate the view properly. Was about to say, yep. "Oh, look! Here's Ara. Back from the dead. It's a miracle." It's free vs. $30-$40 I suppose, but you pay in hours spend trying to configure an open source project. As someone who grows interesting tree species as a hobby, inject this into my veins! This sort of biotech has so much room to grow (ha) and I'm frankly surprised that it's not being researched as much as possible. Algae make more oxygen but they don't store it (unless you count them being eaten by progressively larger fish until the last one drops dead somewhere deep in the ocean). Make mangroves instead, best of both worlds. I feel like the permanent DST option is a bit stupid in principle since as the other guy says it's about switching time zones and time zones should be primarily longitude based, not I-feel-like-being-in-whatever based because that's nonsense. As an example France and Spain have no business being in CET/GMT+1 at all. France is geographically entirely in GMT, while some of Spain is in GMT-1 even, I mean what the actual fuck. Time zones should be based on science, and work/school schedules should be flexible enough that people can decide on a company/institutional level when to start. If you want to start later, start later, don't fuck with the countrywide clock and make timekeeping a nightmare you goddamn idiots. > and not 1440 of them Well actually there are 96 of them in practice, I think it's tracked in increments of 15 minutes since anything less is a bit meaningless. Of course in reality it's continuous so there are infinite timezones, but the only practical thing we can change are hours so minutes don't get offset and make planning even more of a nightmare. If we used a more sensible base 10 time keeping one could probably do more. > picture how annoying it would be if you crossed a timezone line on your way to your (or your child's) school I'm pretty sure this happens in the US to people on a daily basis? It's the unfortunate reality of living on a rotating sphere that you really can't avoid if you cross country/state lines often. > they try to be useful I don't see how it's useful to keep west Spain 2 hours late to their actual sunrise time. It must be rather maddening. Portugal is always the exception :) Ah another one to add to the pile of things made by nazis that are still in use, along with the olympic torch relay and Fanta. Nepal uses a 15 min offset I think, but I wouldn't expect anyone to really use that in a practical fashion. I'd expect it to be used in say astronomical observations, where this sort of thing actually matters and isn't treated as made up or subject to stupid opinions. Or other kinds of calculations that need the sun's position to match more accurately. Then you just put it into a pot, hook up another pot with a tube, then set a fire under the first one. Basic distillation isn't rocket science. > on the theory that I will someday do neural network projects Haha, so I'm not the only one making that excuse for myself for years. Yeah you need the CUDA toolkit which comes with it I think Well it's both really, the most sensible version to use right now is 20.04. Not too far back for people to be dropping support, not too bleeding edge to have missing packages. 16.04 is really getting the axe right now. I think these systems were always intended for small scale use for detached villages and whatnot? I don't see a way they would be able to provide for city even if you made hundreds of thousands. If you want to support a civilization you better switch to something that can exploit the volume for increased efficiency, like an actual desalinization plant and a solar concentrator powerplant to run it. True, we could lower the population back down by exiling real estate agents. > But we're talking web3 here, not money What exactly, do you think web3 is? This is where Monero comes in. Assuming you want to actually get bitcoin first you'll need to buy it on an exchange which will charge your absurd fees to transfer it into your own wallet. And if you ever want to do the reverse you'll get charged those same absurd fees again. In the middle you have the space where you can do BTC to BTC transactions with somewhat smaller fees, sure. > I don't think it's a surprise that we now see an epidemic of kids with mental health problems To be fair, it's likely those mental health problems were there with most generations but went undiagnosed. We don't have a pandemic of cancer today, people just used to die from other shit before it got to them. > don’t believe self surveys of the children themselves Sounds like that would be very subjective and hard to compare? If there are unspoken rules that can't be defined then they're not rules, they're made up bullshit. Interesting how they seem to keep adding more and more sensors to it. Gotta have redundancy I guess. I knew you were gonna mention this one and I don't think it really qualifies as it's not really an unspoken rule, it's the pretty well known and strictly defined adjective ranking order. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Otto_Hahn_(ship) And the alternative renewables are pretty bad when considered in practical terms. Solar which doesn't work half the time, produces an oversupply during summer and doesn't work during winter, requiring extensive and expensive storage setups while providing a laughable output. Wind turbines which only work in specific places with stable wind speeds, with blades that last 20 years and can't be cost effectively recycled and produce a larger waste storage issue than nuclear. Not to mention the constant loud whine sound that drives people living close to them absolutely nuts. Geothermal which works only in places with magma near the surface, otherwise you need to drill down so deep that you destabilize the ground and cause towns to start collapsing into themselves. Hydrogen storage may be practical in some cases, but with 30% round trip efficiency it's probably not worth it when pumped hydro can do up to 85% and you also get what's basically a huge bomb waiting to level the city block. Sails, or their more efficient version, Flettner rotors, are a good starting point for significant cargo ship fuel reductions but you aren't gonna be powering them by wind alone. I think what Rolls Royce is doing right now with SMRs is probably the best way forward, depending on how small they can really make them. Would've been funnier: "Chess.com source code accidentally leaked when fork from Lichess got accidentally presented as PR" Yeah those were terrible examples. But more proper ones would be: truck and van drivers for mail, food and other delivery to stores, bus drivers, taxi drivers, farmers, police, EMT, etc. > Optimal Sunk-cost Strategy Heh Remind me to never buy a laptop without a healthy array of dedicated external ports. This is lunacy. I guess I'm one of those devs that you can't think of then. Main rig for remote work at home, laptop for the occasional trip to the lab. Honestly I can't imagine using a laptop for anything too demanding, the shitty thermals make me cringe. This guy gets it, more is always better. This thread is making me think there is some breed of programmer out there that has 8 work desks in their house and switches between them sequentially every 5 minutes. You seriously never needed to plug in a plain common USB-A flash drive or any other peripheral? Or flash an sd card or anything of the sort? Interesting. One might call it a "capture the flag" They died like they lived - Fast. Well despite being everywhere they at least seem to be mostly inert and don't really cause much issues as far as I'm aware? Our ancient ancestors were filled to the brim with parasites and still managed to do mostly fine. That's pretty fantastic news to limit our endless growth and destruction tbh. Yeah was about to say "so.. meshroom but restricted to iphones only?". No thanks. FYI it is in fact possible to manually adjust app permissions after you install them and Android will block usage if it's ever attempted. I usually axe permissions for basically everything and only enable what's actually related to core functionality. Does that mean that Whatsapp can't ring my phone when it's locked? Yes. Do I care? No. I wonder why emails on commits was ever mandated, instead of just the username. At least they didn't demand a phone number and address, the dimwits. So I can set up my global --user.email as <> and that'll work without breaking things on the upstream? Throw apt/snap/pacman/whatever into the mix and the answer is still "nothing". People act like package managers are somehow the end all but they're no more secure than going to a random official site and downloading some shit, it's just streamlined the process somewhat. In fact the latter is probably more secure, since the more the packages depend between each other the worse it gets. One random dependency can be hijacked and will be autoinstalled everywhere. Or someone can delete it and break half the internet as we've seen time and time again. Ah neat, will try and see what happens :D Well part of it is definitely caused by Putin or at least our response to his atrocities, but wasn't something of this sort definitely expected in any case due to the absurdly high spending and economic cratering that covid has caused worldwide? Do you think the US is alone in these hikes? The Eurozone is also showing very similar rates. It's unlikely to be something one country can fix by itself. Might be useful for electric planes or cars where you have very limited area? How high of a price multiplier are we talking about? 2x, 10x, 100x? I can't seem to find any place that sells these with a brief search, so I'm thinking 1000x. Well any area is enough area for solar power, you just don't get much out of it. I think for a car I remember some calculation at some point was that if you covered the whole thing in panels and let it soak in the sun for a day you'd get a few miles of driving out of it. Having more efficient cells would give you a few more miles I presume. Not too useful for the everyday user, but if you're doing an off grid trip it would be very useful if you camp somewhere and let your car charge for a few days. I guess might as well roll out some proper panels in that case though. Planes do have a reasonably large wing surface area that could be panelled up if they're not too heavy (you can make quite large RC planes fly perpetually in the sun even with regular monocrystalline panels) so there would definitely be some fuel savings from it if you had like a hydrogen powered jet that already uses electric propulsion. "Musk, what do your Elon eyes see?" "They're taking Twitter to Isengard!" You guys should start a fundraiser or something, so you can stop hosting this on your basement Raspberry Pi cluster and finally rent out some proper cloud hosting :D > Elon is going to be personally moderating every Tweet Why do you think he's doing neuralink eh? Wake up sheeple! There is this theory that at least US CVNs have enough power and the correct hull shape to hydroplane in an event of an emergency. It would likely do a lot of damage in the process so it's probably never tested, and it's classified so nobody really knows for sure. But if informed that an attack is imminent there may be at least one ace up their sleeve. I presume it would at least make a full embargo more likely? Well an ADCAP can do as much as 55 kts, which is probably the fastest conventional torps go, and you'd definitely buy more time to deploy countermeasures and decoys. A Shkval can go as fast as a missile, but it can't turn very well so you might be able to dodge it this way. Sure it's not a good outlook in any case, but it's better than sitting there waiting to be hit. And that would totally not infringe on anything else, right. Nice I've always been a bit suspicious that despite having seemingly no way of making revenue they manage to plaster every corner of the internet with their paid ads. Like, aren't they supposed to be a damn nonprofit or something? Makes absolutely no sense. They sure sound like a Microsoft shell company. Because nobody that's fully conscious will ever deliberately use Bing they had to get creative and rebrand it with the usual privacy and safety buzzword slogans that VPNs have perfected in the last years. Well it's more of a conspiracy theory really. Along with the Aurora aircraft, Area 51 aliens and the like. Just slightly more believable than the rest. > A displacement hull won't plane no matter how much power you put into the shafts. I wouldn't be so sure, the main difference between the two is that a planing hull has an angle of attack in regards to the water, so it can generate lift. You can achieve the same by increasing stern trim on a displacement hull. As for it being flat on the bottom, there are also less stable flat planning hulls that work so that doesn't disqualify it either. People crave engagement as much as they crave unhealthy food. Having a person stand behind you at all times with an infinite amount of the exact kind of burger you like isn't gonna help make you get thinner lol. And that's like the whole point of personalization algorithms. > Posts are shared with all of your confirmed friends once published (let the people in your life know what you’ve been up to) That part also seems weird to me, and also why I never really post anything to facebook these days (even if I used it more than once a month). Unless the things you're writing are stupidly generic they won't appeal to all your friends, especially since "social media friends" these days also means family, coworkers, acquaintences, that one guy you did a college project with and never talked to again, etc. Not actual friends. I know which of my friends are interested in what, and I can share what I know they'll be interested in hearing via DMs, leading to more productive discussions. I'm not sure what the appeal of friend-only self posts even is these days, unless you're planning a get together of some sort. If you're making a self post, there must be people that you don't know about that can see it, so there is some chance that you'll find someone new that's interested in what you posted. E.g. posting in fb or discord groups or in public like on reddit or here. Nah I'm saying that some things have a level of healthy natural scarcity to them. That scarcity can be removed artificially to not always beneficial ends. Would I want an unlimited supply of free chocolate? Sure. Would I trust myself with it? Definitely not. Same applies here. I'm aware that for example Tiktok owes its entire popularity to its smart filtering and suggestions, but that's also why I've never tried it myself. It's like going out of your way to try heroin or something. You know it's not gonna end well. Idk, my university teaches Solidity and has students write smart contracts. Maybe it's that 10 percent. It's still the same party in charge, it's not like much would change in that case. But yes, every bit helps. Have you accepted Jesus into your CI/CD pipeline yet? Yeah but microwaves aren't exactly neutrinos, those don't really interact with much of anything at all. Like comparing a sound wave with a dump truck hitting you in the face. Water absorbs microwaves like a dry sponge, which is why microwave ovens are a thing and wifi over water sucks. Humans are what, 60% water? Sure easily, as long as the ship stays within 1km of an active transmitter at all times and each transmitter has a power station on it to provide enough juice to push through the losses or is connected to a grid. Might be easier to build nuclear powered ships. Very KSP-esque, except there you usually have only one engine to work with har har. Is the vertical velocity in the same units as altitude? Seems like I can get like 5 m/s downward speed and altitude barely changes. Or is it set up as one or two decimals less? Someone needs to buy them and shelf out for up a second Raspberry Pi so they can double the amount of comments they can process per minute :D Question: Twitter is currently trading at 51.something USD. > Twitter stockholders will receive $54.20 in cash for each share of Twitter common stock that they own upon closing of the proposed transaction Isn't there an arbitrage profit here of ~$3 per stock or something? Am I completely nuts or is it a sure thing to throw literally all money at twitter right now haha. Well you're forced to sell for a profit, Elon is buying for a loss. > Year 40 Penduauu: month 1 of Spring, day 14 (DRINKING WITH KHONSU) "Khonsu, you have any good ideas?" "I have a bad one." Bah gawd it's Nietzsche with a steel shovel. Very cool! Though it looks like it has the same problems DML has, in that it's hard to get good bass out of them. If nothing else it would be quite useful for IoT applications, replacing ol' piezo buzzers, taking up less space and being more efficient. That would be pretty nuts, sending out a digital signal and have a built-in DAC for each emitter. Probably way too much bandwidth for any of the standard busses though. npm is what pip could've been if wasn't mismanaged into oblivion. > Maybe I have only seen bad codebases Maybe there are no good react codebases because it encourages bad code. The whole concept of having both code and structure definitions in the same file is just flawed at its core. Like deliberately writing all your js in html script tags for some reason, except with functional-style syntax that just makes it look more cryptic to newcomers for no reason at all. I was thinking more in the line of i2c, i2s, spi, uart, since I think all of those that you listed require very extensive circuitry to parse. (At least that's the motherboard makers' excuse to only include like 2 USB 3.0s and 1 USB 3.1 port and like two bazillion 2.0 ports) And where on the planet do you find oxygen in such concentrations? It doesn't build up in the environment to a lethal degree, unlike most local pollutants. CO would be a better comparison, and we have actual detectors for it in houses. Look at that subtle off-white metadata. Oh my god, it even has a watermark. > for being (1) toxic and (2) accumulating in the environment to a harmful degree I'm sure the actual standard surely takes accumulation levels into account otherwise it wouldn't make any sense at all, as you say. Unlike in the US, EU laws aren't usually written by idiots. > expensive materials and scale Aka, we'll never hear about this ever again. Hah was about to comment this very thing. Probably won't be as destructive as the one in the book yet this time, but give it a few years and it's geoengineering time. Yeah it gets monotonous after a while, but the first third of the book or so is very good. locks and loads clathrate gun Still it's easier to lay blame on the richest country in Europe for picking the cheaper and dirtier option while they could do better, than Poland for trying to pull itself out of poverty. Not to mention a large chunk of Germany's gas is used by the chemical industry, which is kind of like saying "we're gonna keep buying Russian gas to not hurt our profit margins". What we should really be doing is following France's shining example of complete nuclear power independence, but the time for that was 15 years ago and we're basically all fucked right now. ZX Spectrum, the OG Raspberry Pi 400. > why computers need to get faster so that we can run the latest code Wirth's law https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wirth%27s_law They must've allocated all the funding from the body design team, the i3 has some serious Fiat Multipla vibes. Yeah, add wheel covers and you basically have the LeMans prototypes instead.