Being from the midwest as well, I was horrified when I moved to phoenix and saw all the millionaires driving in their $60,000-$80,000 cars. Then I found out that the majority of the people driving those things make $80-$140,000 a year. People out here tend to live at the ends of their means. Its a cultural thing. Some of the best conversations I've ever had with people at coffee shops have started because of laptops. "Whoa, is that one of those XO laptops? Do you like it? Can I try?" I run a site called http://www.gibsonandlily.com all the people that post there are nerds, but it is mostly non-tech news...we kindof joke that we're like reddit and digg...but for adults. I'm on this "diet" and have lost about 45 pounds so far. Getting skinny always seemed like black voodoo or something. Looking at it the way I would look at hacking together a system made it really, really, really easy. What city are you in? Go get some Yerba Matte, the loose kind. But about 1cm of it in the bottom of a french press, and about 2cm of milk in the bottom of a 20oz glass. Mix. Then add a few squirts of peppermint. (like 4 squirts). I'm serious, this concoction has gotten me through more all-nighter-afters than anything else ever. Has anybody ever seen this website before? It feels like if you hired a "webmaster" from the mid 1990s to build you a domain parking page. It is AWFUL. Ummmm...it sounds like the guy totally violated google's terms of service. He was hosting ads on a domain-squatting site that had no content. The advertisers were refunded their money, and the guy's account was closed down. As somebody that buys ads from google, I would be pretty pissed off if I found out that i was paying $1 a click for my ads to be on a parked domain...which is why they have their terms set up the way they are. Yeah, it sounds like the appeals process sucks, and that they didn't give him a real reason, but "you are a leeching douche-bag cancer to the DNS" should be a pretty good hint. are you kidding? They're protecting the people that buy ads from them, people like me , people with no advertising budget that are just trying to get a few people to check out their stupid blog ( http://www.gibsonandlily.com ). Those ads cost something like $1 a click (or more). If I found out that my tiny tiny budget was going to ads on some stupid domain parking website, I would be LIVID. Yeah, google terminated his account. They did it to protect people like me, and they are the reason the reason that people like me use them. I'm sorry, but domain parking/squatting/tasting/leeching/whatever-you-want-to-call-it is an instant failure in my book. oh come on, you've got to at least plug your comic! What, you mean you don't want to talk to their nephew who is "also really into those computer things" (read: plays a lot of world of warcraft). Yes, I'm bitter. It annoys me that people thing that IT consists of helping you with your num lock button, blocking them from porn, and doing lots of things with cables. Can you make a social networking site for me? You'll have to do it for free, but I'll give you some of the stock. or inquire_cost(build_social_networking_site); while cost > 100 { bitch() moan() ask again() } a non-geek sees them as the same thing. Fire up web-browser->enter web address->Log In->Click on new messages Its the same as logging in to yahoo or aol for them...we see the difference becuase (i imagine) most of us have built mail servers. We know all about smtp and pop and imap. Most of us don't see facebook as email because we're thinking about the back-end of things. Where are you at in IA? /iowan that fled to phoenix and now regrets it.. He got sick of people asking him if he could make the buttons cornflower blue. I think that, if we're talking about the level of traffic that I think we're talking about here, it would almost HAVE to be a botnet. either that, or somebody at one of the bandwidth providers got really really pissed off at you...if the later is the case the guy (or girl...they can be vindictive as hell) has probably already been fired since, you know, they sortof monitor these sorts of things. Some people spent their high school years learning programming languages and reading books written by dead guys. To these people, living in your jeep is a LOT less scary that asking one of your classmates if you can sleep on her couch. I also just want to chime in and say that I absolutely HATE websites that feel like they're been over-designed. perfect = hackernews horrible = digg.com I feel like the "uses webframework python $buzzword, javascript $buzzword $buzzword $buzzword" speaks to this. SOOO many websites have got too many distracting buttons and things to click on, and no actual content . Look at something like craigslist...its perfect. It's clean, and it gives you only the information that you want. Look at hackernews...same thing, nothing but content...yes there is some of that web2.0 (i hate that term) sauce on it, but it is a compliment to the content, not the main attraction of the site. I hate seeing these print publications go, but I can't say that I'm going to do anything to stop it... They're just too expensive. $6 for a magazine (or more)? When I can get the exact same thing (or a better alternative) online for free so long as I am willing to lend my eyeballs to some advertisers, I am not going to cough up my hard-earned cash just so I can get that joyous tactile feedback of a magazine. If these magazines want to differentiate themselves from their online counterparts they're going to need to show us, their consumers, that they can do a better job than the bloggers. That is a huge task when you're competing against bloggers who are living the life that they're writing about (I'm looking at you, Bruce Schneier). Look, a magazine is a delivery mechanism. If you want to start a magazine you have to create your content, then find a publisher to publish it and distribute it, you (or your publisher) have to eat the cost of magazines that don't sell. You need to fill a whole however many pages long your magazine is. The internet is also a delivery mechanism, the difference is that if you build the content and put it on the digital newstands like reddit,digg, or gibsonandlily.com costs you absolutely nothing, infinitely less than it would cost to put it on its real-world counterpart. Print media is dying, or is already dead. Things like Communication Arts, or Print (these are both graphic design magazines) can, I think, remain in business, but the bubble-gum poppy trip such as 17 magazine, or Cosmo are going to disappear shortly (if they haven't already). Note...me mentioning 17 and Cosmo isn't because I'm a male chauvinist bastard, it's because I grew up in a house with 5 sisters...the house was littered with these magazines. Are you asking what HN's users have created as far as news aggregators go? http://www.gibsonandlily.com is mine. Its moderated, but I feel like it has a pretty good, pretty tight-knit community :) edit/erase: I just read the rest of this thread and time_management is an idiot that probably SHOULD be seeking therapy. Token Ring. Did he call it a magazine? Came here to say this. When I first landed, I thought the buttons on the right were something like what digg has, then I thought that they were the dates of some blog posts. I finally realized that they were points like digg has (I think?). An about section would be a good idea too. Is this place for short stories? Novels? Comics? What? Also, the meat of the page seems to be too...centered? For some reason my eyeballs like things to be on the left side of a page and not in the center. Just my 0.02 We're all geeks (and most of us are also programmers and webdevs) here. Howabout a technical description of whats going on instead of a canned response? If some of us using an older browser is going to break stuff serverside then I think you've probably got some major issues to work through. Howabout a "No, thanks. I'll risk it. LEMME IN!" button? I could not agree with you more. Look, if you can cut it as a programmer you can cut it is a programmer. Start programming, get involved in some OSS projects, get your name out there! If you really genuinely want to be a "Computer Software Engineer", spend 4 years networking with other engineers and honing in your programming skills, not taking sociology and micro economics. Go to an online-only distribution model and charge a premium if you want it in dead-tree format. If their journalistic skills are so much better than those of the bloggers, then demonstrate that to us. Best "hole in one" I ever had. (I am not a programmer, feel free to submit this to the dailywtf, or coding horror, or make fun of me and call me ugly if you want to). There was a huge huge huge file that I was trying to run a perl script against. The [text] file was about 3 million lines long. What my perl did was split it out into a CSV file so that I could actually work with it (the person sending to me sent it as a space delimited file that didn't really follow its own specs, or have any explanation about what was going on...blah blah, it sucked)... Anyhow, my perl (stupidly) was doing: foreach $line ( ) { do_something; } The problem was that it kept coming back with an out_of_memory error. The other problem was that it wan running serially (is that a word) on an 8 core box....it would peg one proc with the perl, but the other 7 would just sit there being lazy. My (very hackish/duct tape) solution was to split (which should have been a big hint) the file into 8 pieces, then call the perl for each one of the 8 chunks...8 cores, 8 threads...should be full of win, yah? I used wc -l $filename to find out exactly how many lines were int he file, and then gave my new perl script that as the number of lines for each file. The new script did something like: foreach $line ( ) { print FILE1 $line; } (there was a couple of if statements so that after it hit $num_of_lines / 8 it would go to file2 file3 file4 etc. After that mess was all finished, it would call a shell script that did: magicscript file1 > file1.magic & magciscript file2 > file2.magic & etc. etc. etc. until it was done, then it would do cat *.magic > fixedfile which I could then work with... I put all this into another shell script that did echo "FULL POWER TO MAIN DEFLECTOR (this could get messy, look out!)" perl engage.pl by some miracle it worked on the first try!! I have since fixed this mess of code. At the time it was a "we don't have time to do it right, just DO IT!" moment, so...whatever :). I love debugging...I even [sometimes] love debugging other people's code... Its a bit like being a kid, and going out exploring in the woods, or trying to figure out where your parents hid the christmas presents. Everything is new, and shiny (with other's code)...its fun seeing how other people do things... That and it is a puzzle. Doing stuff in the "real world" is boring, predictable. Doing stuff in code is fun. There are no "rules" really. The only limitation is how much yerba matte I can consume. 11. Being forced to use crappy vendor software that they refuse to provide documentation for and then get yelled at when it doesn't work and told that it is your job to MAKE it work. 12. Blind Carbon Copies 13. Being forced to do things the wrong way. 14. Being woken up in the middle of the night and having to walk somebody through how to check if their ethernet cable is plugged in for an hour and a half and STILL being required to be there at 8:00 the next morning. 15. Providing a "this-must-work-now" temporary hack because somebody can't figure out how to work an excel spreadsheet, then having providing them with this spreadsheet every week become part of your job. I am not a DBA, so don't listen to me, but: Because MySQL is free? There have been a number of apps (scripts, rather) that I have written at work that require databases to function. Mostly report, some contact management stuff for the marketing dorks, etc. etc. I would never ever even DREAM of using anything that costs money for this stuff, why would I? For an app that gets used by 10 people, that has MAYBE 100,000 records (that is the largest I could realistically see it growing to), mysql more than meets my needs... The scripts run on OpenBSD. They're python (with its CGI and MySQLdb modules) running on Apache with MySQL. All 100% free of cost to us. That's your problem, Oracle/IIS, you cost money. edit: Just to clarify...I'm talking about using databases for little in-house projects. I was the same way... I never EVER worse shoes in the summer time. By the end of it, I could walk across pavement without feeling the burn :) DING Torrents have become to much work . Maybe I have just been "out of the scene" or whatever for too long... In the days of suprnova, the front page would be filled with albums or movies with plenty of seeds and MODERATORS that removed torrents that contained crap or trojans. Bittorrent now is as bad as kazaa (if that is even still around). I buy TONS of music...mostly bands that I found back in the suprnova days, actually, and I buy most of it on iTunes... I'm at work...dealing with the idiots at the pirate bay is too much of a pain in the ass and not worth the $9 an album costs on iTunes. As soon as somebody comes out with something better , I'll migrate to that. You're exactly right, it is all about ease of use. Using torrents used to be easier than going to the music store. That is no longer the case. Although....there is still IRC ;-) The music industry is doing a pretty good job of that right now. It has gotten to the point, for me, that I wouldn't even know where to go to bootleg music anymore. With things like imeem or pandora, I don't need to. In fact, there was an album I wanted a week or so ago; I had to ask one of my little sisters what was the current tool that people were using to get music (she is in high school). Not wanting to jump through hoops (the website she linked me to was basically a front-end of ? intitle:index.of on google, I fucking loathe peerguardian and didn't feel like renewing my usenet subscription), I just bought the album on iTunes, ran it through qtfairuse (you'll need to downgrade to itunes V6 to do it) and called it good. They really are starting to figure it out. If you want an example, go to whitelabel.net. It is a tool for DJs to freely download new tracks (and sometimes albums) before they hit store shelves. There are no intrusive sign-up proceedures, just a username/password form, and a download page. That said, I believe that the RIAA is going to be going away very soon (the arm of it that it suing people, not th arm of it that regulates audio standards...kindof like the IEEE). The "temple" studio model is all but dead. The cost of entry into the music production world has gotten to a point that the small, studio next to your favorite bar (if you're in tempe az, you know what I'm talking about) is cranking out music that is on par with the stuff that the megacorp is. Hey guys, I deliberately left HN out of this because HN seems like the best Online community out there right now... Hope you find this funny :) >All three systems What does this mean? To clarify what is being said here (a lot of people seem confused by this)... A lot of these seem to be the difference between the Mac "This is ours, you can use it" philosophy, and the BSD/Linux "This is ours, WE can use it" philosophy. There are things about macs that, while they are probably obvious to mac users, are completely non-intuitive to everyone else. Devs don't want to spend time learning the quirks of a window manager, we don't care; we care about....DEVELOPING! When you've got something, like aqua, that just seems to continually get in your way, it sucks. A personal example: A few years ago, my parents had just moved into a new house. It was a really cool house, and they were really excited about it. I thought it would be fun to create a spoof of that show that used to be on MTV called "Cribs" (Athletes and singers walk through their houses and show them off with some slow motion/fast motion transitions and some hip hop music). A friend of mine helped by filming me walk around their house and host our fake cribs show. When it came time to offload the video onto my PC, we ran into trouble, I didn't have the right firewire port for the cable we had (it was his camera). "No Problem", I thought, "I'll just plug it into my friend's laptop (a mac), copy the video to his machine, then SCP it to mine." Hooray, "Unix-Under-The-Hood!". We imported the movie to "iMovie" (i think that is what it was), but I could NOT figure out how to save the video file. There was no "save" or "export". Nothing. I could "save to quicktime" or "save to the internet" or "save to $foo mac app", but no "Save to /home/scott/video.mpg". I finally had to "export to quicktime", then do a find. |grep *.mpg to find the thing. THAT is the sort of "getting in my way" that seems to be not only acceptable at Apple, but standard and required. Another example is iPods. Ever try and take a song OFF of your ipod? Yes, you can do it, but Apple tries to get in your way as much as they can. Oh. Sorry, I've been spending a lot of time around BSD lately. What I was asking was if you meant "Windows, BSD, Mac" or "Windows, BSD, Linux" or what. or want to take the time to actually rip an album from vinyl instead of cd. most vinyl is cut from CDs these days, not studio masters. So whats up with haskell lately? that was the biggest difference I noticed when I moved from linux(gentoo) to openbsd; the man pages. They're actually....really really really useful. I know this is blasphemy around some parts of the internet, but windows 2000/xp can actually be a decent OS if used correctly. don't worry, he is a unix geek as well... http://leapsecond.com/pages/unix/ I think it is more about instilling in them the idea that science can be fun. Umm? Give kids a little bit more credit than that... The boys look like they're in 5th grade or so...the girl looks like she is probably in 3rd? They aren't infants, and their dad obviously works in this field. This was a great opportunity for them to see what dad does beyond sitting in a lab all day. When I was that age I would have been ecstatic to see what my dad did, doubly so if it had had something to do with science. THE PLOW IS GOING TO MAKE THE FARMER OBSOLETE!!! Okay, I'm kidding, of course, and I struggle with this all the time. I mean, if a factor that used to require 1000 people to build cars now only requires 100, or 50, or 1 or 0 or whatever , then what happened to the rest of the workers? They have moved on to auxiliary industries such as engineering (somebody needs to design the robots right). The endgame, however, will be the mechanized production of everything. At that point, energy will be the currency (instead of labor..think about it, paper money is just a unit of time*energy). If we can tap the near-limitless supplies of energy from fusion, we will have achieved a nearly Utopian Society. He was interviewing at (guess:) google. My guess is that the culture there sortof enjoys these kinds of "traps". Its the "oh, this is cool!" design philosophy. There was a top gear episode, Clarkson was talking about driving...the quote is something like "THIS, now this is fast driving. Boring, smooth, not a lot of tyres screeching...boring, efficient... now THIS, this is TELEVISION driving, car going sideways, tyres smoking something furious! WAAAHOOOOOO!!! FUN! See the difference?" This is like...television design, its fun and loud, but not very effective. I'm sorry, this makes no sense at all. Carry On. I don't get this either...I seems like the most they send you is 3 pairs of socks every 14 days? Something seems a bit off there. This is why this sort of thing would never work for me...My routine when I get home is: Come in the door, pet the dog. Set the laptop down on the table, grab a beer from the refrigerator, walk out to the back yard, sit on the patio, kick my socks off, and start playing fetch with the dog. My socks end up in a pile on the patio and end up getting thrown away. If this place was 7 socks for 7 dollars delivered weekly I would sign up today. It is tough to justify the cost for this, especially when i can go to walmart and get ~10 pairs of black socks for $4. Maybe this is not aimed at nerds? (I'm thinking not). Cool idea though. I'm with the person below here that says they get their shirts from woot. So do I. Woot is so amazingly perfect, I wish they did dress clothes as well...there are no choices to make, yes, or no. That is it. You say yes and you have a shirt at your door (or in my case, my office) the next day. If it was $1 per pair including shipping I could justify it..so like...$30 a month for fresh socks every day. Wow... I had never seen that before, and honestly thought it was a warning about predatory lending...the person on the phone "you can do this" sounds like a drug dealer "just one hit". ...wow. To me, this illustrates a breakdown of our education system. Why was this kid not noticed, and nurtured? Not to play the nerd card here, but I can almost guarantee that if he had had an exceptionally good throwing arm (instead of an affinity for chemistry), his school would have noticed and would have helped him develop. Maybe I'm just bitter because I grew up in a small town and saw this happening all around me. This story reminds me a lot of a very close friend of mine that used to manufacture all kinds of different chemicals in his garage, used some of the same social-engineering skills to obtain the necessary equipment to do so (accurate scales was always a problem because people though he was making meth), and was completely and totally ignored by his school. It's depressing; excelling physically seems to be more important than excelling mentally. Where does that leave us? But it’s another sign that large private companies like Facebook are desperately seeking ways to find “liquidity” for their employees — especially now that the IPO market remains difficult, in particular for unprofitable companies. Well, this sounds fantastic. One thing to remember is who your target is. Lets look at an example that I had to deal with about a week ago: The company I work for is having a pretty large event coming up, something that our customers would most likely be very interested in. My boss's reaction was that we should grab the email addresses that we have harvested from our website (signups require an email address), and send those people an email telling them about the event. I'm sure that the majority of you can predict what my reaction to this was...something along the lines of "No, that is spam, that is bad, part of my job is preventing exactly the type of email you want to send out from making it onto our network. By harvesting email addresses from our website you are violating our customers trust; spam spam spam, BAD!" Naturally, the PHBs did not understand this and, despite my best efforts to stop them, they ended up sending the spam (although I forced them to use a different mail server than we use for sending mails). After much anger, and much thinking, I have come to a conclusion about this. I have changed my mind. Now...I, as a geek/admin, DESPISE the sorts of mass mailings that they sent out, but why? I hate them because I hear "mass mail" and immediately think "0mG G3t V14GRA N0W!", something that I hate. I know the sorts of slimey tactics that spammers use to evade spam filters, and actively fight against them. The "problem" is that the majority of my dislike for "mass mailings" are technical. I hate them because they are not what the email system was intended for, and because they are a pain in my ass. You know what, though, they're things that most of our customers want to hear. Looking through my email box, I see that there are some things (mailing lists, google's newsgroup summary emails that come every day telling me what happened in comp.sys.ibm.as400.misc that day, emails from a website called steapandcheap [like woot, but for outdoor gear], backup confirmation emails etc.) that are automated, and might seem evil at first (the commercial stuff like steapandcheap especially) but are actually things that I WANT to see. Where am I going with all of this? There is a good chance that your hatred for the sorts of tactics he describes here come from your nature as a geek. The unfortunate reality is that the majority of users just simply don't care. Look at things like myspace, look at success stories like that 15 year old girl that is making 7 figures with her website that does myspace layouts (err..I think she is like 19 now...she was talked about in the 30 woman web entrepreneurs making big $$ article the other day), look at facebook applications like honesty box, these things are HORRIFYINGLY bad from the perspective of a geek. But to a normal person, to the type of person that is keeping the "Click here for a FREE iPoD!" advertisers in business, and to the type of person you're probably trying to attract, these things that we might find "obnoxious", they find useful. It is a sad reality, but it is a reality nonetheless. I apologize for the moderate threadjack here, but I have a lot of respect for you guys and would like your opinion on something... How do you feel about these sorts of things (openid, I mean). I remember microsoft trying it long long ago and it being a colossal failure. A good friend of mine and I have a little blog/news aggregator/comment pool thing that we're both having a bit of fun with and he keeps suggesting that we use google connect. To me, these sorts of things take away from the community feel of places like HN, or reddit, or wherever else... What do you guys think? Was this a good move for facebook? This infuriates me more than almost any other social faux pas. This, and people talking on their cellphone in the car. ESPECIALLY people talking on the cellphone in the car. I have to turn the radio down, and I have to pretend that I'm not listening to your conversation. When you're finished, am I allowed to comment on what you were just talking about? Here is an idea, if the two of us must share a dinner table, or a car, put your freaking phone on silent, you are not THAT important and neither is anybody else. On another note, I am starting to believe that our generation is becoming culturally dead. I was recently at a "Rabbit in The Moon" show. Its a visual/audio spectacular/rave type of thing. Think big flame throwing half naked women, a guy in a giant hamster ball, and just general craziness. YOu know what drove me absolutely, completely, positively insane? It wasn't the teenagers on ecstacy in their "cuddle puddles" or the half-naked dudes running around trying to sell me drugs, it was the morons in the front row more pre-occupied with trying to pop off a photo with their telephone than with the absolutely fantastic show they could have been witnessing. WTF Is wrong with people? Is the crappy, grainy video with bad sound of the show that you can post on your myspace page so that your friends thing you're cool REALLY more important to you than actually EXPERIENCING what is going on around you? Is that what it has become now? It isn't the experience, it is bragging about the experience to people on the internet. It makes me sad :(. I think I might be one of the few young people that is not okay with text messages at all. If you need something from me, you can either call me, or send me an email... Chances are, if you're compressing it into 140 characters, that it isn't that important. If it IS that important, why the HELL are you sending it to me over some stateless, hacked together part of the cell spec that was intended to be used for sending out signal strength info instead of...I don't know...CALLING me? I tend to use texting/"checking my website" as a social cue to the person I'm with that I want to leave. It is my way of going "I'm bored with you. I'm going to make the situation so awkward that you want to leave". Here is a tip, friends, if I like you, either my phone and its battery are in physically separate locations, like one in the glove box and one in the trunk, or my phone is shut OFF...not on vibrate, not on silent, not on sleep; powered. off. If it ISN'T, it means that I'm just using you to occupy my time...my phone is on because I'm hoping somebody more interesting calls me. You're European, aren't you. Bastard. Just to clarify: What I'm saying is that my phone is usually OFF when I'm with friends. This is why it infuriates me so much when people use theirs around me. Algorithms don't have those pesky "emotions" or "gut feelings" to get over. Bosses do. How is bandwidth used any more abstract than electricity used? Grandma wants to video chat! She doesn't know how much bandwidth it uses! POOR GRANDMA! Grandma wants to run the air conditioner! She doesn't know how much power it uses! POOR GRANDMA! Maybe grandma should learn, eh? Lets say that the lotter involves guessing the correct 1 digit number (0-9). There is a one in ten chance of winning. The guy in front of you has a 1/10 chance of hitting the winner. You ALSO have a 1/10 chance of hitting the winner. The likelihood of you BOTH hitting the winner in a row is 1/10*1/10 = 1/100. So, yes, the person in front of you winning DOES decrease your chances of winning. You could also think about it like this: I'm sorry, I'm sure my lack of a maths degree is showing, but wouldn't the probability of hitting a random digit (0-9) be 1/10, but the probability of the hitting the SAME random digit twice IN A ROW be 1/100? Everyone could be creative, if given the chance I disagree with you whole-heartedly. Certainly everyone has the capacity for some level of creativity, but I think the type that we're talking about here is the same sort of gift that artists have. Similarly to how some people are simply born with a genetic predisposition towards athletics, some people are born with the same sort of genetic predisposition towards mathematics. The idea that everyone has got the same abilities is exactly the problem that we're talking about here. Some people ARE born with an advantage (or have one nurtured into them), and those people need to be allowed to excel, not held back because of those around them. Doesn't that contradict the rest of your statement? Yes, it does. I shouldn't have written that. I did because I was hoping to quell any "nature vs. nurture" debates. My argument assumes nature, then goes on to argue that those born with an advantage shouldn't be forced to suppress it due to some sort of self-defeating attempt to make children succeed. My point (sorry, I'm rambling) is that I don't want to debate nature vs. nurture, I want to debate the idea that kids that aren't excelling in a field should be encouraged to regardless of their natural talents. You need to substitute "winning" for "being an idiot". It is an english language problem...If you spend $90 on a $50 item, you lose because you are losing money. We are talking about lose in the "win/lose" usage of the word. You're not wrong , you're just confused. Do I lose when I get a soda from the soda machine at work instead of purchasing it in bulk? Do I lose if I purchase it in bulk from costco instead of pooling the resources of my friends, starting a company, and buying directly from a distributor? Is the soda machine a "game of chance"? The answer to all of these questions is "no". None of them are games of chance. This would be a game of chance if it was "pay $10 and you might win, but we won't tell you until the end" instead of "pay $10 and if somebody pays $11 we will tell you so that, if you chose to, you can bay $12. This cycle will continue until the item reaches a point that nobody is willing to spend more for the item" This is not a game of chance because you get to CHOSE if you are going to win, and they TELL you if you will before the conclusion of the auction (or game, in your description). You ARE simply confused about this, because it isn't possible for a rationally thinking person to make the argument that you are and mean it. Does the auction keep all of your money if you lose the item? As in...if you bid $10, then $12, then $14, are you actually spending $36 + bidding fees? Because if you're only paying for the item once you win it, that is NOT a gamble. Yes, there are fees involved. This is customary for EVERY auction. (I don't know about ebay, but visit a real-world auction sometime). We already do this in Arizona. Guys...1984 was a WARNING, not a set of instructions . In other news: home appraisers are much better at judging the value of your home than common sense is. This is why your 2 bedroom shack on the wrong side of town can be worth $500,000 /bitter Phoenician Maybe this is a stupid question, but why is google paying for bandwidth at all? Why doesn't google own their own bandwidth provider? Didn't they buy up a bunch of dark fiber a while ago? Lease it to the providers and use that to subsidize their own bandwidth. Or am I totally missing the point? Would you? For me, youtube has largely replaced pirating music as a means for discovering bands (this is why it angers me so much when videos get muted). The cost for me to check out a band I might be interested in is ~$0.00. If they started charging me for this, I would either want something that I got to keep, or I would start pirating again. I imagine that you wouldn't actually have to process the transaction until somebody owes a largish ammount of money (relatively). Something around $10-20. What would work even better (this is how allofmp3.com used to work) would be to buy a bunch of credits...$10-$20 worth of them, then as you make "micropayments", it draws from this supply. Google's ad program also works this way. You pay in $50 or so, then each click costs you $0.90 or $0.10 or whatever it is, it doesn't process a transaction for each one, it just draws from your reserve. This is good because it encourages people to continue using the service until their balance is gone. This causes the cost of moving to another service to increase. The idea of this isn't new, it's just stupid. It sounds like somebody needs to create a micropayment service. I don't have the coding chops, but I know a lot of the people around here do. You put $10 into a micropayment account that can then be used across websites like facebook or blogger, or whatever else service decides to do this. I could even see ISPs rolling this into part of your payment plan for internet...$50 a month for access, $10 a month that gets picked at by people that use micropayments. If anybody does this, will you buy me an Ariel Atom? Perhaps the problem is that they're spending too much on the education. BLASPHEMY! You may be thinking, education is PARAMOUNT to any civilization! We musn't cut spending on education! Does anyone here live in the Phoenix, AZ area? If so, take a tour of ASU's recent campus renovations. The new dorms look like luxury-condos. The buildings around campus match. ASU has gotten into the habit of buying up the most expensive property available, and developing high-end real-estate on top of it. Do we really need that? What we need are desks, blackboards, and good professors. I could not care any less what the building I'm studying inside of looks like. Are campus aesthetics really that important, or even relevant at all, to higher education? No. The answer is that no, they are not. It seems cliche' for a geek to get bent out of shape about it, but lets also look at the sports teams. How much money is spent on this educationally fruitless endeavour? What is the return on it? How does it effect education? Suggesting that post-secondary education should cost what it currently does is insane. Private institutions can do whatever they please, in my opinion, but the state schools need to get back to their roots. That is: intellectual pursuits, not physical ones. I don't know that library participation is so much relevant in the days of instant-access to the ammount of information that is available to us on the internet. A netbook-type replacement for the kindle isn't going to improve this at all. What is your point? I think that your confusion here stems from your misunderstanding of the people who are in the market for the kindle. They're not using it for anything other than reading books, and most of them don't want to. You know what demographic represents a large portion of kindle users? The elderly. While we geeks might enjoy envisioning kindle users as the sort of technical elite that salivate over the kindle's wireless distribution model, or its e-ink screen, the people actually using the device don't care. It is a book reader, not a mobile computing platform, I'm not sure how hard I can drive this point home. The people who really are geeks (people that use websites like HN), carry things like netbooks around because they have real keyboards on them. Putting a real keyboard on the kindle would ruin it. The refresh time on the kindle's screen (kindle 2) is almost perfect. It is almost exactly the ammount of time that it takes my eyes to transition to the top of the page and continue reading. For me, the experience with the kindle is better than experiences I've had with dead-tree books. I (and I suspect the overwhelming majority of kindle users) hope that amazon never changes it. You represent a very tiny minority of prospective kindle users. The people using the kindle just want it to work (this is why Bezos worked out the deal with Sprint). Have you ever tried walking grandma (Who is a memeber of one of the major groups the kindle is aimed at: The elderly) through setting up her ipod? Then transferring songs to it? Can you imagine walking the same person through the steps required to convert whatever file it is she wants to view on her reader, how to plug the USB cable in, what hole it goes in, what buttons to press, when to press them, what it all means, where the books are, how to find them on her harddisk etc. etc. etc. The kindle is good because it is simple. If you don't want that, get an old palm pilot or a nokia 770 (which is what I used before I got my kindle...palm back in early 2000 and nokia up until about a year ago). Did anyone else feel like the just read a paper written by a fourth grader with a thesaurus? He pointed out that it would be difficult to discuss this topic without it turning into snickering and red faces, the proceeded to make it into a lighthearted sortof joke of an article. Also, was I the only one that felt that the fact that the author was gay in no way whatsoever contributed to this at all? This is a mildly interesting article, but if you don't want to read all three pages let me summarize it for you: your penis has a ridge on it because sperm can live in a vagina for up to 48 hours. The ridge is meant to move any sperm that was in the vagina (potentially another male's) out of it. Longer penises can go further inside, and are better at removing sperm from further inside of the vagina. I also lost all faith in this article when they went to a sex shop to buy false vaginas and dildos. They make human reproductive analogs for use in the medical industry and experiments such as this one. They are near-perfect reproductions of the organs (they need to be for accurate research). I know this because a relative of mine is a salesman for a company that builds them. I just want to clarify: You are saying that a device other than the kindle, would service a market other than the one that the kindle does? I really very highly recommend that every geek/hacker out there learn lock picking. There is a row of padlocks on my desk at work that I play with every time I get stuck on a coding problem. It's really helpful :). (I also freed my brother's bike from the clutches of the bike rack after he lost the key to it a week ago). Go take a walk and look down. What you're looking for are street sweeper bristles. They'll look like sticks, but unnaturally straight. You can use of one to make a tension wrench, and the others to make your picks. NYT's registration wall is infuriating. Here is a working link: http://translate.google.com/translate?u=http://www.nytimes.c... That is what I did. I just wanted to share with everybody so that they didn't have to do the same. I'm apologize if the link isn't working for some people, I was just trying to help out. Justin.tv is a bandwidth problem. This is "easily" solvable using a CDN. Twitter is a database problem. I am not a DBA (but I play one at work!), but I believe this is "easily" solvable using sharding. As far as I know, twitter doesn't do this and nobody really knows why. From Terrible to terrifying: 35mm film sales have plummeted. Newspapers aren't going to disappear. Specialty newspapers like the financial times will always have their place on my breakfast table, but the boring, almost-pointless local news? Thats going on my kindle in a hurry. It's like anything (hosting I mean.) I don't care what you THINK you're selling, you're not. You're selling customer service. Lets look at my favorite bar. I go there ALL the time. It isn't even remotely close to my house (anymore), and the beer is silly expensive (because it's really good ). OF COURSE I could run to the local liquor store and buy it, OF COURSE that would be cheaper, OF COURSE I could then enjoy as much of it as I want in the comfort of my living room without having to worry about driving home (meaning I usually only get to have 1 or maybe 2 beers). So why do I keep going? Because all of the bartenders know me by name, they all know what sorts of beer I like (they have over 500 beers here, so them knowing what I want helps if they're making suggestions) and my glass is NEVER empty (If I'm having a friend drive). On multiple occasions, the bartenders have said "Hey, I just put 20 free credits in the jukebox, you should go over and pick some songs". One time, I had ridden my bike there and it started raining...I was about to head home when the bartender set a beer down in front of me and said "Why don't you wait it out, this one's on me". It's the exact same thing with hosting, or bananas, or toilet seats, car alarms, computers, lightbulbs, EVERYTHING. OF COURSE I could set up a box on my own, OF COURSE I could find a bandwidth provider and pay them, OF COURSE I could round up enough of my friends to make the cost of running the server less than what I spend a day on coffee, OF COURSE I could keep spare hardware on hand for when it goes down, but you know what? I don't! I don't do it because to ME, it is worth buying the customer service from slicehost to have them do it for me. THAT is what I'm buying. I'm not buying server space, or bandwidth, or anything like that, I'm buying SERVICE . Some companies are have figured this out (the one I work for is one of them), and those that have are thriving right now. (if anyone here is curious, the bar I'm talking about is called 'Papago Brewery' and it is in Phoenix, AZ...if you're in Phoenix, stopping here is worth it, trust me). I will be honest, I like ads. Wait, I should rephrase that...."I like useful ads." Yeah, thats better. My alter-ego is a recording engineer. You know the best place to learn about recording gear is? Recording industry mags! "Well, OBVIOUSLY, blhack, the articles teach you about the gear! DUH! NEXT! DOWNVOTE!" But wait, young troll, wait. The reason that those recording industry magazines are such great places to learn is the ads! The ads are targeted at recording engineers, and people working in studios. You may start out thinking to yourself "gee whiz, fellas, them recording equipments sure are neat!", but that is all you know about it! YOu know that there is a mythical land called a "studio" where magicians called "engineers" cook things in their cauldrons called "digital audio workstations" to produce wonderous audio adventures for your listening pleasure, but that is about it. You don't yet know the norms for how those DAWs work, what mics are useful for what, how much things cost, where they go, how they connect to each other, what ELSE you can do (outbourd effects [spells, I call them]) etc. etc. This is what the ads are there for. They're there to give you cues about what you should be looking at if you're building a studio. THIS is the holy grail of what google is trying to do! The advertisers know to just advertise their new condensor mics in the recording industry mags because they know who is reading them. What they DON'T know is who is reading BLOGS about the same things. That is where google steps in. Google crawls your site and tries to GUESS what sorts of ads you would be interested in. This can be highly effective, but it isn't as good at targeting as real people are. What digg is trying to do is figure out a way to bring humans back into the targeting equation. My prediction is that it will be a total failure, but it WILL mark a revolution in the way that ads are being delivered. (Affiliate marketers are already starting to do this to some extent by localizing their ads). The frustrating thing is that most designers really WANT to make interesting, artistic, beautiful ads. The types of things that people seek out. This doesn't happen because, often times, the people they're designer for look at it and don't "get" it. Look at the "think different" ad that TBWA did for apple way back when. The one that starts out "Here's to the crazy ones, this misfits, the rebels, the troublemakers". What does that have to do with apple computer? Absolutely, positively NOTHING, but you know what? I have that typed out and hanging on the wall in my office and I've watched the ad close to 100 times. Why is this? Because I love apple computer? Because I love TWBA? No. It is because this "ad" is art. This ad is the type of thing that happens when you turn a creative team loose and tell them to gasp get creative. Howabout the ads during the superbowl? Granted these are usually very very expensive, but my point is that if you create your ads as something that people WANT to watch (like movie trailers or music videos), they will. You're assuming that wealth and money are closed systems. They are not. Money is just a universal currency that we all use for work. Do you want a new ipod? Well, apple doesn't trade in man-hours, they trade in dollars. So what you need to do is get a job with somebody that will trade you some of their dollars for your man hours (think of an employer like a currency exchange). Once you have exchanged enough of the currency you have (time) for the currency that the currency exchange (your employer) has (dollars), you can take them to apple and trade them for an iPod. Apple then reverses the transaction. They take some of the dollars that you gave them, and trade their workers some of the dollars for some of their man-hours. Dollars are just a common currency. The INPUT (making it a non-closed system) is work. So no, by creating wealth, you are NOT simply robbing it from people. This is appropriately called "robbery". There is a slightly longer explanation here: http://www.gibsonandlily.com/cgi-bin/reply.cgi?thread_id=177... The game is utterly rigged in favor of the powerful I want you to think about that statement for a while. The game isn't rigged in favor of the powerful. The powerful are powerful because they have power. Because of this power they are able to influence things. Their ability to influence things makes them powerful. It's circular. I tried really hard, but I just can't take this type of writing seriously. Summary: Microsoft wants to expand their search market. They plan on spending a lot of money advertising this. This is a bad idea. Guy who wrote this, listen up: People do not giving a flying shit about the underlying architechture of any product they use. They do not care about the quality of results. They do not care about the logo on the top. They care about how they feel when they're using things. Lets look at apple's ipod. Yes, they are absolutely successful. Why is this? Is it because they have a massively superior product to anybody else? Or is it because they have advertised the living hell out of it to the point of an ipod being a fashion accessory/status symbol? Haha, ipods are so hip , what, are you behind the times with that other mp3 player? Haha, look at how happy I am with this terrific, iPod, I'm with it! I'm hip! The ipod isn't better, the feeling is better. Look at the bing homepage compared to google. They have a nice big graphic on there with lots of colors. Its kindof beautiful. Oh, and the graphic changes all the time! Isn't that great? It's like you'd have to go to the page a few times a day to see all the pictures. (now I'm adopting that annoying, sarcastic writing style. Sorry) In search, getting results is the easy part. The part that keeps people coming back isn't content, its the feeling that they get when they're using the product. I apologize, I should have been more specific. What I should have said was that results were important when web search was in its infancy. It has been refined to the point of irrelevance. What sorts of things do you look for that you aren't able to find with google? /me checks notes... I'll allow it. I used to think the same thing. My Brother in Law is a very seasoned pilot, so is my dad. I asked them about this one day. Like "guys, how do you go from flying around in little Citation 5s to flying around in massive jumbo jets?" They were confused about my question. Why? Because flying isn't flying, it's systems. You learn the GPS, you learn the autopilot, you learn the radio, and after that, you follow the checklist. You're just there to press the buttons, the rest of it is planned. They always joke that, "if you're flying IFR (instrument flight rating, meaning that every single one of your movements in controlled by the tower), you have to get clearance from control before you can scratch your balls". I still don't believe them, but just thought I'd chime in. Maybe you didn't read the article completely. He isn't just repossesing airplanes from businessmen, he is repossesing them from psychotic foreign dictators, drug dealers, warlords, etc. This is why he has ended up in South American prison. >He employs 65 "super repos" I doubt that he employs 65 full time pilots. It sounds like more him, his wife, and his two sons. The other people are probably just brutes that he calls up every once in a while for doing large things like taking a fleet of helicopters. Also, I suspect that that "tidy six figures" is a net after he has paid his employees. (I'm going to assume that they get paid per job, not per year). Can anyone explain what is happening here? The guy got fired for something to do with videos? Have you read the backstory for this? I know the guy that did this posts here. So this is to him: I am calling you out. What you did was wrong. As a geek you should know this. People that squat on domains hoping that people typo a URL and land on your page covered in ads is a cancer on the DNS. NOT ONLY is it a cancer on the DNS, it steals money from people who are legitimately trying to promote their own products. I have a little social news website that my friends and I post on. Yeah it is tiny, yeah it is worthless, yeah it is probably a complete and total mess of code that is wide open to any number of vulnerabilites, but you know what? It's my baby. I'm broke. I'll admit that. I don't make a lot of money. But ONCE, I decided to splurge a little bit on some google ads. Yeah, it was $50, yeah it was stupid and pointless and I'm not going to recoup it, but this is my hobby and I think it's fun. I cannot even imagine how absolutely blindingly infuriated (not to mention heartbroken) I would have been if I would have found out that this small ammount of money that I decided to "invest" in my little project had been squandered on some asshole leeching money from people with a landing page. Those clicks are expensive. That $700 or whatever you earned came from people like ME. You violated their terms of service and you deserved everything that you got as a result of it. I know we're supposed to be civil here, but honestly man, fuck you. What you did was very barely (if at all) above a pyramid scheme. Domain squatting has been around for a lot longer than google for domains has. Groaaaann.... Please tell me that this sort of thing is not going to become the norm on websites... This is the reason that I migrated away from facebook. Text. It works. they have something that pops up at the bottom of your screen to tell you that something has happened on the page. It only works when you actually AT facebook. Having that sort of "functionality" follow me around sounds like some sort of hellish nightmare. What? I'm saying that google ending their adsense for domains program would not cause the domain squatting industry to collapse. http://dhawhee.blogs.com/d_hawhee/files/109_fake_tits_real_b... I'm surprised that hacker news didn't get mentioned (okay, I'm glad they didn't mention it). IMHO, this moderation system is the best (or maybe a close tie with slashdot)...trolly posts don't disappear, they just get lighter and lighter until they all-but disappear. All it takes after that is a highlight and you can read it. I hope it does go this way... Why? Because I will continue offering content for free. (tip: I'm being snarky. If this does happen, there will be a LOT of people who still offer content for free.) "If you can't run that site with 750 people, you don't know how to run a business," No offense, but what the hell do they need even 750 people for? On UNIX/Linux it is also viewed by many as a modern replacement for Perl I still have a LOT of perl in use simply because of my hatred of python's regular expressions and I suspect that I'm not the only one... It probably has a lot to do with my lack of programming knowledge (I've never taken any formal programming classes [err...I took java in college but never actually went to the scheduled class because it was a lot of covering what these cRaZy things called variables were])... A replacement on python looks like this... foo = re.compile(" this works, but it just feels less awkward to me than $bar = s/ We teach people to be the status quo, we don't encourage them to excel. For me, summers were spent learning about computers and all the magic spells that I could cast to get them to do whatever I wanted them to. For some students, school is holding them back. If we want to fix things, we need to abandon this psychotic idea that all students are the same, that there are no dumb kids and that you can just dump 20 similarly aged kids into a room that has somebody standing at the front of it talking at them and that they will somehow come out of the situation better for the experience. I apologize for this being offtopic, so feel free to downmod me for it, but: Does anyone know what font they're using on this page? It looks like what happens when you try to trace a font using the "trace bitmap" function in inkscape. In other words: awful. You'd be amazed at the forces in place that so strongly coerce teachers to stick to the status quo. No, I wouldn't. Men sexually harass women because they are not sexist: Their theory is that men treat women aggressively just like they do men so they aren't sexist. But not being sexist means realizing women are different than men and treating them accordingly so their theory is nothing more than a word game. You have got a number of bizarre arguments in this post, but they're all arguable (kindof) except this one. Sexism is exactly thinking that somebody is different simply because they are a specific sex. The goal of "political correctness", as idiotic as it seems, is to have everybody treated as if they were carbon copies of one another. Not being a sexist would mean not acknowledging the differences between the sexes. Aren't browser-specific features one of the things that mozilla was supposed to cure? I don't know about that . My kindle seems pretty sturdy (okay, no it doesn't)...but have you ever seen how destructive a 3rd grader can be? I predict that, if this was tried, not a single kindle would make it through elementary school. My biggest disappointment, when I got my kindle, was how flimsy the thing feels... I was dreaming about a device that was going to travel with me everywhere I went (the way my old palm pilots, which are what I used to use for ebooks, did)... Perhaps this is a silly question, but what about using things like proxies? Also, aren't there any hackers in Iran right now? If anybody is in need of an SSH tunnel out of the country, I'm sure that some of us HNers can help out (isn't this sortof what TOR is for?) Is anybody here in Iran? Could you elaborate on what they're filtering an how? Could I trouble you to provide a link? I'd like to help out if possible (have a couple of spare servers not doing anything now). I have to admit that I am a little surprised and, quite honestly, a bit frightened that some of you are using facebook chat. Do you no longer have to go to facebook.com to use it or something? I think I have used facebook chat exactly once. It was something along the lines of "wtf is this thing popping up on the bottom of my screen!?" followed by me closing it. Okay that makes sense then. I honestly still thought that it was just a popup on the website...hearing that the HN community (which I consider to be one of the most 'with it' around) was using it was crushing to me. I really like your idea of the "rogue communication kit". Quite frankly it wouldn't surprise me if we WERE distributing this sort of thing, just very discretely. If we're not doing anything here, I will be very disappointed. What I would like to see is the United States leading the world in proclaiming that we're not going to tolerate this sort of crap. I do not mean dropping bombs. I DO mean doing "little" things like encouraging ISPs to set up proxies for Iranian bloggers to use. (The ones set up by individual hackers seem to get shut down just as quickly as they start getting used). I just feel like there are non-violent things that we could do to show our support for those that do not what Ahmadinejad in power. In case anybody doesn't get the "joke", microsoft recently launched a contest where they "hid" something on the web, but you need IE8 to see it. The former is idiotic, this is cool :) Good job, mozilla team! Microsoft is a running a similar contest http://www.microsoft.com/australia/ie8/competition/ That is one of the most ridiculous things I have ever heard. Does microsoft need to houseclean THAT bad? Really? This is horrible advice, don't listen to it. Buuuttt... Look at hacking your body the same way you would look at hacking a computer. What makes your metabolism tick? What you're going to find is that excersizing, and eating a LOT of proteing (so that your body doesn't metabolize muscle tissue [like your heart] while you're on your uber low cal diet) are the best way to lose weight. Don't eat anything (or very little) for like 2 days and the thought of eating a black and blue burger will start to seem repulsive. This is when you start eating fruit and chicken. Have you ever combined the cottage cheese and the apples? Heaven in my mouth. One of the most annoying offenders of this is the windows wireless configuration utility. It refuses to let you see the WEP key that you are typing, but insists that you type it twice. If it were something like "what is your favorite flavor of popsicls" and not "type this random 58 character sting of hex", then that might be acceptable, but it isn't. Really, who is going to be standing over your shoulder and memorize that? /drives me insane //iwconfig ath0 essid "blueberry struedel" key $foo ftw You must live in a fantasy land where the people working around you rational adults. Doing this in the real world will lead people to thinking you are a "dick". They do consult people with "knowledge" in the field. The problem is that the "experts" are experts in the sense that the kid up the street is to your mom when it comes to power-button usage on her new dell. That is, not experts at all, but full of enough bullshiat and hand waving that the judge (who doesn't know much, if anything, about tech. or the subject at hand) believes what he or she says as gospel. Double bonus multiplier if the "expert" is on the RIAA/MPAA/etc's payroll. No, twitter is run by a bunch of geeks that have seen countless companies like youtube get bought out for hundreds of millions, or in the case of youtube, ~$1.6 billion , and are hoping to cash in the same way. They're trying to let somebody else come up with a way of monetizing it, and probably hoping for google. It is considerably more than a handful http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_acquisitions_by_Google http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_acquisitions_by_Yahoo http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_acquisitions_by_Microso... I'll admit that I am very unhappy with my current job. Part of this is whining, I know, but just hear me out. One major, major, major problem with my job is that I work for a small company, and am the only person here that knows tech at all. This was really great for me at the beginning. I am very proficient in BSD and Linux, so everything (mailserver, file server, FTPs, VPN, firewall, etc.) was built on one the two. I've had the opportunity to work on some really fun projects. One of my favorites was building access points out of soekris boards and ubiquiti wireless cards (this was before ubiquiti started offering their own, vastly superior, vastly cheaper solutions). I'm also pretty proficient at python and perl. Because of this, I've had the opportunity to build some really fun in-house stuff that people have loved. I built us a contact management system on python, and I've built countless extraction tools (grrr...text files) on perl. Currently, I'm working on a content management system for our marketing department. This is all really fun and great, but remember how I said I'm the only person here? My typical day involves arriving here at 8:00 (or so, my commute is an hour long), then sitting in front of my monitors for about 9 hours, until 5:00 rolls around. During the day I CANNOT get anything done. I'll end up reading HN, or working on my own website. (errr..this is inaccurate. What I mean is that I don't get any of what I consider real work done. Just managing the little problems that the users have) Why is this? Well, a major part of it is the almost constant flow of interruptions from people who's computers are "broken" (I am "the I.T. guy" [a title that I despise], so every problem from a phone cord with a loose connection to a user that has pressed the insert button on their keyboard and now how a "broken email" gets handled by me). I'm sure that every coder here can relate to the frustration of getting halfway into a problem, then being rattled out of it by something like somebody not being able to figure out a numlock key and why, after they press it, their "numbers don't work". The overwhelming majority of code I have written has been done from the comfort of a barstool sitting at a local bar that I like. For some reason, I can get more work done there, or sitting in my backyard in a camping chair in my pajamas playing fetch with my dog, than I could ever even DREAM of getting done while actually sitting where I am now, at my desk. But that is just one part. Another part is that I am the the only person here who has even a basic understanding of computer systems. Remember the wireless network that I mentioned earlier? Here is how it works. It lives on a physically separate switch from the rest of the network. On this network lives an openBSD machine running openVPN. If a client on the wireless network wants to connect to anything on the "other side" of the openBSD machine (which has three interfaces, one of them on the private lan, another on the wireless lan, and another virtual interface that is a VPN tunnel between the two) it has to authenticate with openVPN. Pretty cool, huh? (maybe not, but I think so). Nobody here understands this. Is this narcissistic whining? OMG THEY DON'T APPRECIATE ME! Yes. Yes, it probably is, but it is difficult to get motivated to do anything when there is no payoff of "good job" from the boss. (judge if you would like). The only thing that gets noticed is that things aren't broken. Holy hell though, when they are... There was one time. One of our T1s went down (there are two, one of them for our private LAN, another for the internet lounge that we offer to our customers). My solution to this was to take an OpenBSD machine that I had sitting in my office, put it on both networks, and make it act like a gateway for our private lan so that we could route outbound traffic through it, and out the working T1. This wasn't a problem, but it took about an hour (at first I was going to try and do it without NAT, the problem was getting the router on the public LAN to route traffic destined for our private subnet back to my new gateway). Nearly the entire hour was spent in front of a terminal in our server room with my boss standing over my shoulder going "what are you doing? Why isn't this working yet? Blhack, we REALLY need this to work RIGHT NOW! I don't think this is going to work. We really need to think about another way to fix it, can't we just use the wireless (the public LAN has a wireless network available, I hope I do not have to explain why this would not work). Can't you just try it this way? (this person does not even have a basic understanding of routing, or what it is), have you tried rebooting it. Here, I'm going to reboot it. Just unplug it and let it sit for a while!" sigh I apologize for the stupid senseless whining here, guys, work can just suck sometimes when you're the only one here, ya know? Gets kinda lonely :( Thank the gods for HN. What are you talking about here? The mailserver is Postfix, the file server is samba, the FTP daemon is VsFTPd, imap is courier imap. Are you a microsoft rep or something? None of this stuff is even remotely "enthusiast". The Contact manager is just a web-frontend that I made for that sits on top of (and supplements) an existing system (as/400 green screens that they hate). I'm sorry, but this is kindof insulting. What do you mean "enthusiast DIY"? Everyone seems to be looking at this backwards... I thought that the prevailing view around here was that, when applying for a job, you are interviewing the company as much (and if you're talented, even more) than they are interviewing you. To me, if an employer asked me anything about my HN, or Slashdot, or reddit, or gibsonandlily, or facebook, or myspace, or whatever other silly social network I had signed up for in the past profile, it would be a "thank you for your time, but I'm not interested" response from me. I suspect that the type of employer that has issues with boundaries like facebook and myspace is also going to have issues with boundaries like "I am using the two weeks allowed per year of vacation to go to the lake with my family. I am not on call right now, do not get angry if I don't respond to your emails immediately". In other words, them even asking about your profile should be a major red flag. This is something I see frequently brought up; concerns for safety on cheaper airlines, that is. I can't speak for Europe, but in the United States, we have the FAA that pretty much dictates how safe the planes are. Flying a "discount" airline couldn't be any less safe than flying one of the majors because the FAA is dictating how they take care of the planes. OD = old drunk? Oh thanks.. Sorry, to the downvoters: I genuinely did not know what OD stood for (I usually see it used as a verb, not a noun) , sorry... This is all done at the threat of being replaced by a PHB's 16 year old "whiz-kid" nephew who "knows a lot about computers" and is "always playing with those things". Reading this honestly just made a huge smile come across my face, and a bit of a tear start coming into my eye. There might be hope. I saw my sliechost box go down for about 10 minutes. I'm really surprised that they haven't sent me an email yet, they're usually RIGHT on top of that... Anybody have any word on what happened? I'll see your "lease a car" and raise you "learn the auto market, buy a car, drive it for 3/4 months and sell it at a profit." Lots and lots of people do this for a living; they're called "wholesalers". You can pretty easily get a wholesale dealer license (go to your local DMV if you're in the United States). Once you have this, it will allow you access to dealer-only auto auctions, and the ability to sell more than 3-4 cars a year (I forget what the law is). Granted, this is a considerable amount of work, with a pretty high risk, but it can be really profitable if you know what you're doing. This mentality is frustrating. I used to argue with a close friend about this a lot... This is the difference between what I called "hippies" and "fascists" (this was a joke, I don't actually mean that the people I'm talking about are fascists or hippies). Both of these groups of people have the same fantasy. It is almost always something along the lines of "I want to wake up in the morning with absolutely nothing to do. I want to sit on the end of my dock in a cabin far away from anything and catch fish all day without having to worry about anything" or "I want to sail around the world". The hippie approach to this is almost always some derivative of "You can DO IT! Quit your job, get a cabin or boat or whatever, and just LIVE THAT LIFE!". This is ignoring what the actual goal is; not having to worry about anything. The fantasy is not having to think about paying rent, or electricity, or gas, or medical bills, or anything at all ever. The fantasy is having enough money that the only things you ever have to consider are things that you WANT to do, like fishing, or writing poetry. This is why the "fascists" take the approach of "I am going to work my ass off while I'm young, then retire on a boat". This approach ALSO has a major problem. Often times the "work my ass off" period results in the worker alienating themselves from everything that they love and are working towards spending time with; their friends, family, and loved ones. My advice? Invest in the lottery. Could you satisfy a nerds curiosity and explain what just happened here? I know several computer programmers that do this as a side job. Their analytical minds are well-suited to determining the value of cars. No offense to this guy, but the first argument that doesn't seem to make any sense is that you couldn't reproduce SO because it would take you 33 hours just to type the existing code back into an editor. It seems like a pretty arrogant assumption that the existing code is the simplest possible code that could be used to provide this functionality. Beyond that, he is ignoring the fact that...Stack Overflow is really not that obscure of an idea. There is posting questions and responses (or stories and comments); basically a blog which, by this point, is kindof trivial to put together. User icons and profiles? Seriously? Not to be a prick, but I implemented those on my own website in a matter of about an hour. From scratch...and I am not a developer. Okay, so...upvotes and downvotes and a frontpage that bubbles like reddit does? Mayyybe...how nice do we have to be to the database? select (upvotes/(now() - time_submitted)) as heat from questions order by heat desc limit 50; On a related note, he also mentions the scaling...so, what are our constraints here? What hardware are we using and how much do we get to use? Okay, then search. Seriously? This is also something that most geeks have written at some point and would have no problem dusting off. Granted, yeah, this guy is probably right. I don' think anybody is TOTALLY going to reproduce a verbatim copy of SO over the 4th of July weekend...but I don't think this guy (I am assuming he is the author of SO) should assume that he is th BEST, FASTEST dev in the world. Especially when he is talking about such a common problem; what is essentially a blog. The first couple of paragraphs where he said that it would be impossible to recreate SO in a weekend because of how long the current code was. This is making the assumption that the new code would be the same length. Am I the only one getting a 500? The important thing for geeks is to find a good peer-group. I know that, personally, if I didn't keep myself up intellectually, I would fall behind my group of friends, and wouldn't be able to keep up in conversations. This comic: http://gibsonandlily.com/comics/index.cgi?id=13 sums up what I mean (sortof). For me, I have tech. or politics, or science to keep myself occupied. That is what my group talks about. While group B is having a spirited debate about the one team of ball-throwers vs another team of ball-throwers, we might be having a debate about one group of politicians vs another. Its the same thing. For a technology standpoint, my friends and I all support one another. If I'm having a problem with a specific thing that one of my friends is particularily good at, I go to them to help me with it (there was a project recently where a friend was working on a REALLY large data set of climate information and was having trouble walking around in it. I, luckily, have a friend that works in the Computer Science department of a local Univ. specifically on these sorts of problems. She was the one that I asked to help us). Some people have friendships based on skills in basketball, I have friendships based on skills in technology. It is the same thing, my friends just have much less luck with the ladies :(. I think you're missing the spirit of this comment. They (he, I'm assuming) wasn't implying that athletes dont' work, what he was implying is that those that DO get lots and lots and lots and LOTS of recognition for it. If a geek accomplishes something extraordinary...nobody outside of his or her industry really cares beyond "is this going to help me get to espn.com faster?". Its sad, but it's true. It is cliche' because it is true. Could you please warn if you're going to link to a page that will launch a print dialog? I appreciate not having to click through pages, etc. a little warning would just be nice. I like that a lot of the community took the exact same stance that we continually whine about. Can't you just add feature XYZ to our website? Can't you just make the buttons cornflower blue? We (myself included) have become our own worst nightmare :( I am guilty of it too. I wrote a comment a while ago arguing that SO COULD probably be written in a few days. (btw: I don't like it. That was sarcasm.) I couldn't disagree with you any more. My usual (although probably totally unhealthy) habit of waking up and immediately (as in...within 20 seconds of opening my eyes) checking HN, gibsonandlily.com, reddit.com, and slashdot.com led me to this article. I read the entire thing from beginning to end (which is rare, for me), and thoroughly enjoyed the entire thing. In fact, as I was reading it, I kept remarking to myself how much I enjoyed the writing style. To each his own, I guess. It does frighten me a bit, though, that people make this complaint so much. What do people who can't be bothered to read a couple of pages worth of a story do when they are confronted by a book, magazine, or newspaper? (or a kindle). It sounds like he needs to lubricate his internet ports. But when you consider MySQL's web-centric history, its lack of transactional and foreign key support, and its relaxed attitude with regard to data integrity 2 things: 1 MySQL has had support for transactions since version 4. 2 Relaxed attitude towards data integrity Seriously? MySQL DOES have support for foreign keys. create table foo (blah, blah, blah) engine = innodb Sorry, I'm not trying to start an argument. That sentence just struck me as a bit inflammatory. On communication... I'm not so sure that programmers are bad communicators, as much as they just don't communicate in the same way those they're communicating with do. I know that I have absolutely NO problem whatsoever communicating abstract and/or complex technical concepts to and with my my peer group; I also have a hell of a time trying to figure out what some of my users are trying to tell me. I think too many people are quick to jump on the "Programmers (or just tech people in general) are JERKS! They're unhelpful and they always push back! They're arrogant!" While these traits might describe some programmers. They also describe some accountants, and some architects, and some mechanics, and some janitors, and some widget makers. It's frustrating sometimes that the burden falls on the programmer (or tech) to try and find a metaphor that the user understands, rather than the user trying to have a basic understanding of their computer. I'm currently working on a project that involves processing some really big datasets (okay, probably not that big for some people around here...but bear with me..). It starts as some text files with ~260 million rows of data. We're just in the beginning/test/planning phase, and this will eventually grow to >1 billion. People (non-tech) people in our group keep INSISTING that we use this database engine, or THIS hardware configuration (raid 0...which as already failed). They refuse to listen to those of us that know what we're doing. They insist that all of this data should live in one huge table (rather than our suggestion of either scaling it our horizontally, or using a directory tree and supplementing it with an index that lives in a database). Does this mean that we're bad communicators? I think not. I think that there is SOME burden to make sure that everyone understands everything that falls on us, but certainly not all of it. We need to be met halfway. The same goes for the ego. Do I have a huge ego? No, but I know for 100% certain that I'm more knowledgeable about these things than some of my colleagues. I also know that I am no expert on it. I'm open to suggestions, just not those that aren't based in any sort of basic understanding. Maybe bing is better, but the keyword there is "maybe". Even if it is, this is the same battle between blu ray and dvd. Similarly to DVD, google is good enough that the jump to blu ray/bing isn't really worth it to people (if the benefit is even visible to them). Sorry, microsoft, but I think google is going to win this round. I know that I'm probably wrong. Sergey Brin and Larry Page are neeeerdddssss , not business school kids that decided to make a web app. There is a good chance that they're doing this just because it's really really cool, and because they can. I imagine that if I ever had the sort of cash that they have, I would be doing the same thing that I do on the weekends NOW, but on a larger scale: geekery. Building a linux distro is geekery of the highest order. Good for them. Google makes billions and billions of dollars from their other projects. This is one that they can figure out later. :). (or I can figure it out for them now: adsense, lots of it.) I understand that google is a publicly traded company; they have shareholders to answer to, but I imagine that all they have to do is point at their earnings and go "trust us, guys...trust us". If anything, this will drive more traffic to their moneymakers. I think my delivery here might have been a bit..bad. I'm not talking about specialists giving abstract data to non-specialists. I'm talking about users that refuse to learn how to use outlook because they can just ask somebody else. This mentality of "I don't want to learn" usually leads to the belief that the person doing it for you is bad at communicating. If you highlight this, it pretty much reveals what the password is. I know that isn't what you're talking about, but it is close. I know that I couldn't read this even when I knew what I was typing until I highlighted it. I have seen exactly two people with them in "real life" (not a rental). The company I work for had a contest for our customers where we gave one away. I got to ride it around at work a bunch (I was the only one that could successfully ride it without risking a broken bone). The guy we gave it to drove it into his pool. Oops. The other one belonged to a lady that used to live near me in Scottsdale, AZ. I know this because I almost hit her with my jeep one morning. I was pulling out of a parking lot, and she was coming the wrong direction down the sidewalk, moving MUCH faster than anything on the sidewalk should, and generally acting careless. It has been pointed out already, but the segways don't really "fit" anywhere. They're too slow for the road, they're too fast for the sidewalk, and they're too big for the bike lanes. They're well suited for malls and airports, but I can't really imagine myself using them anywhere else. How well does this scale? They sortof glossed over the ninjitsu that is being used to link the two "bumps" together. My guess is that (since internet access is required), it syncs a clock within the bump application to the bump server, then looks for phones that were "bumped" at the same time. I'm sure I'm wrong, and would love to hear of other ways that this is happening. If I'm not, how does this scale up to the millions or hundreds of millions of users that it would require to actually replace the business card (which is what it sounds like it wants to do). Even if it isn't at millions, how well does it function at events where lots and lots of people are "bumping" (clever name, I have already verbed it)? Finally...and this is what would--to me--kill it: the blackberry does not have an accelerometer. :( That was my guess as well...geolocation, I mean. A major problem, to me, would be that the GPS in your phone doesn't usually work so well when it is buried deep in a hotel conference center... I'm sure that the app devs thought of this stuff, I just like trying to mentally work through it myself as well... I remember being a teenager, and hearing a lot of rumors that made it sounds like some big time engineers were pretty serious LSD advocates. From what I was hearing, most of the top scientists and engineers in the world had either used LSD, or were still actively using it. How common is that? Was this all just a bunch of BS? I know there are some really really fantastic coders that hang out here, do any of you guys actively use psychadelic drugs? As somebody that tries to stay away from any sort of drug (except alcohol. I have a weak spot for beer) as much as possible (including over-the-counter things etc.), has using these things benefited you in any way? The way that I have heard LSD etc. users describe its affects, it sounds like it would be anything BUT beneficial. ouuuuchhh. That sounds prohibitively expensive for things like news.yc (does this site produce money at all?), or my blog, or fark, or any other site that isn't backed by some sort of multi-million-dollar corp. and generating a couple million uniques a day (or more). My prediction is that, especially at that cost, this will fail MISERABLY. .com will still remain the brand-name, and anything else will be a generic. Similar to .net, .biz, .tv, .anything other than .com What really needs to happen is for icann to have a review board that can determine if cyber-squatting is taking place or not. The board needs to exist because a 16 year old sitting on theirname.com because they haven't bought hosting or anything yet, and a company that is sitting on a few hundred THOUSAND domains hoping to sell them are drastically different. I am perfectly fine with the former, and believe that the latter is a cancer on the DNS. Basically their needs to be a terms of use that prohibits cyber-squatting. These sorts of arguments really make me facepalm. Listen, Bruce, they don't literally mean that their OS will be completely and 100% totally impervious to any sort of malware or virus attack of any kind ever to exist ever in the future ever ever ever to infinity times infinity. They mean that their OS will be considerably more resistant to any sort of reasonable malware attack in the foreseeable future, and they're 100% correct. Windows, even just because of its target market, will be the low hanging fruit for as long as I think anybody can foresee. Simply because of this, linux and bsd-kernel based operating systems that are using proper user isolation (meaning not running as the freaking root account by default) are going to be more secure than windows. Linux has had a pretty long history of delivering on that claim...microsoft has not. have you added this to your hosts file? pinging news.yc doesn't resolve to anything on my openbsd, gentoo linux, or windows xp boxes. I imagine that it won't on the default install (and using (normal DNS) of most any computer. No, education is most certainly NOT the silver bullet for this (at least not our current system). There are too many kids in school, racking up absurd amounts of debt for worthless degrees right now . A backelor's degree is more-or-less worthless right now because it is so common. Currently, you'll need at least a masters degree if you want to get noticed, possibly even a PhD. The idea of "lets churn more people through this ridiculous system! That will fix the problem! The numbers won't lie! 4 years chained to a desk will fix the problem!" No. Please not more educations. "Sentimental Nonsense" is one of the most fun aspects of humanity. I fear a day (it will happen) when we walk around like the emotionless idiots found inhabiting the minds and stories of authors like Aldous Huxley. So to answer your question of "Who Cares": I do, deeply. I'm talking about Huxley's most famous work, Brave New World. I sounds like you haven't read it. I really suggest that you do, it is a fantastic, albeit frighteningly accurate (seriously drug companies, soma? you named your anti-anxiety medication SOMA!?!?), peak into the future. The drug does almost exactly the same thing as the one in the book. I cannot imagine that this was done just out of pure, random chance. My guess is that they either play nice with the publishing companies, or not at all. Believe me, amazon hates this as much as you do. They had to credit a bunch of people's accounts for the books. Amazon is a company. One that spends money. The publisher is not the ONLY person that is seeing a taste of the $9.99. They're out the money they had to give to sprint (is it sprint that provides the connectivity? somebody correct me if I'm wrong), and every other cost that was covered by the money you spent on the book. This was a horrible horrible move for all parties involved. Does anybody know if amazon actively checks the books put on your kindle via their email service? There are a number of books that I own in dead-tree format (some of them, multiple copies in dead-tree format) that they don't offer in the kindle store. This sort of move really scares me; I have been contemplating moving some of them to the kindle (I have the books in .txt format). It isn't amazon, it is the publishers. Somebody commented on my blog about this the other day, and nailed it pretty well: http://www.gibsonandlily.com/comments/4043/ It is most definitely not illegal. When you "purchase a book" from the kindle store, all you are actually purchasing is a license to view the book that is bound by amazon's terms of use. This is something that really irks me about people when they talk about diets. It takes a species more than 100 odd years or so to get rid of that "eat whatever the frak you can and store as much of it as you can because there is a good chance that you're not going to find much other than grass for a WHILE". Your body is NOT going to just "discard" (poop out) "un-needed" calories. The other thing that bothers me is people talking about "starvation mode". That just sounds like a buzzword (because it is). If you stop eating, you're going to start getting tired. THIS is the mythical "starvation mode". If you tell your body to just fuck off, and go jogging or whatever anyway (omg free will!) you are going to lose weight really really quickly. A good friend of mine is working on his masters in GIS right now. I was talking to him about climate models the other day (he works with climatologists) and he said something along the lines of "fucking climatologists, dude. Tell me what the temperature is going to be tomorrow, or in a week, THEN we'll work on what it is going to be is 40 years". I'm not saying that he is right or wrong, but I do really feel (feelings != science, I know) that if they (the climatologists) could give us some more accurate predictions of what they weather is going to be next month, I would have less trouble listening to them when they try to tell me what it is going to be in 30 years. I hate these sorts of things so much. "I'm sorry, your browser isn't supported" What? Chrome isn't supported? Were you people drunk when you wrote this? Howabout a message that says "the browser you are using has not been extensively tested, please use at your own risk.". Update to the latest version of SSH. This doesn't effect the latest version (last I heard). Wow...that is an update. The "ssh 0-day" from a week ago or so was only version I just moved ssh daemons that face the internet to non-standard ports. I suggest everybody does the same to prevent dragnetting (just to be safe). Don't even the most simplistic bots perform port scans to discover your services anyway? err...sortof. They're just looking at port numbers and cross referencing that to services that are known to live on those ports. Changing the port that SSH listens on isn't going to stop somebody from performing this exploit against one of your machines, it IS going to prevent you from getting auto-rooted by a bot that goes around looking for machines that ack on port 22. Think of it like a hidden door, but on the front of your house. To the casual observer driving through the neighborhood, they won't see it. To somebody actively trying to find a way into your house...you're going to need more. Money is a unit of work. It is an almost universally accepted abstraction of the "worth" of somebody's time. You could replace "dollars" with "bananas" if you wanted to, it is irrelevant. You know...reading this headline, I'm not sure that I even know of any consumer-level PCs that cost over $1000 (obviously servers, CAD/3d Modeling workstations)... I'm typing this from my acer aspire one right now and, honestly, this is more computer than I even need... I will admit that I am a bit odd, the only thing I really use my computer for is an SSH/HTTP client; certainly my usage habits are different than somebody like my mother.. But then there's my mother...I bought her one of these a few months ago, and she LOVES it. Her desktop machine (which she uses for running quicken or something like that) took a shit a few weeks ago, and her motivation to have me fix it is about 0. Her aspire is more computer than she really needs (except for, maybe, the screen. The resolution leaves a bit to be desired). So who IS buying computers that cost over a grand? Well, there are gamers...people who are most certainly not going to buy buying a mac (despite a lot of games being available on OSX, it still isn't up to speed with windows). They might spend over $1000 (I am not a gamer, so I don't really know what is required for gaming these days. If it can run tuxracer and armagetron then I'm content). Buuut....most of the gamers that I know buy their computers from newegg and put them together themselves. Even the desktops that I buy for my users at work only cost under $1k and that is with dell's "holy shit" service plan. Apple, you're dominating the over >$1000 market because you're the only one IN it. This claim would be akin to the coffee shop that I am sitting at claiming that they have 90% of the coffee market in Cross Lake, MN. They're the only coffee shop here. As seen here: http://www.gibsonandlily.com/blogs/72 I have heard countless rumors like this one; about apple developing a tablet. The question becomes "why?". I think that very few people would try to make the argument that the iPhone has NOT been a phenomenal success. Lets look at why... The iPhone is a computer. A pretty one, that can run lots of shiny, pretty apps covered in gradients. When people see it, they are immediately aware of how hip the person wielding it is. Apple took everything great about their desktop computers (pretty, fashionable, stable, simple) and condensed them all into a small, even more fashionable, even more convenient, simple package called an iBook. Coffee shop dwellers wielding an iBook could let their fellow caffeine-solution enjoyers just how hip they were, just how PRODUCTIVE they were with their wonderful macbooks. Then came the iPhone. Apple took all the wonderful things about their desktops (stability, simplicity, etc.) plus all the wonderful things about their notebooks (simple, fashionable) and combined them into a wonderful even MORE portable packaged called an iPhone. This iPhone could be carried in its owner's pocket. The look-at-me oppurtunities were endless. People could admire the superior technical prowess (complete with white apple logo displayed in stark contrast the black case on the back of the thing) of iPhone users on the train, or on the bus, or on the sidewalk, or in a coffee shop, or the office, or in the kitchen, at a restaurant...ANYWHERE! A tablet, however...what does this supposedly offer that the iPhone doesn't? It isn't as mobile, meaning less oppurtunites for look-at-me, it would likely run Mac OSX or some derivative of it.. meaning a hefty tax to the apple gods...it would undoubtedly be covered in ultra-high-gloss plastic, meaning that any hopes of replacing something like a panasonic toughbook would be seriously mis-guided. The only market that apple has not yet tried to dominate, and that it is in any sort of position to even enter, is netbooks. They had a sort-of false-start called the MacBook Air, something that I think everybody would agree is an example of just how much of a failure apple can produce. The next itteration of the iPhone is, most certainly, a netbook. The question is whether or not apple is willing to forfeit its position as a luxury item in exchange for increased penetration. A sub-300-dollar netbook is something that is likely NOT in apple's future. Apple has got something really great going for them right now. People WANT an apple. Macs are seen as something that is, in some way, better than their windows-based counterparts. Even Microsoft seems to be willing to admit this in their latest ads. In conclusion, apple will NOT be creating a tablet; it simply does not follow with the current trend of their products. If anything, they will produce a $500 netbook that is still seen as "better" than its competitors. If this happens, I predict low market penetration and ultimate failure. something that I tore my hair out over when building my website (gibsonandlily.com) was how to handle input santizing for mysql. I wrote some functions for it in python (and I'm sure that they don't work very well. Yes, I'm sure some of you could destroy my website...it is a hobby, please don't). I later found out (and I'm in the process of replacing code) that you can have mysqldb handle it for you like this: cursor.execute("insert into links(url,description) values(%s,%s)", (url,desciption)) where url and description (the second ones) are variable holding the values you want to insert. this was different than the way that I was doing it before, which was: insert_query = "insert into links(url,description) values('%s','%s')" % (url,description) cursor.execute(insert_query) I'm sure this sounds completely stupid to some of you who make your living writing web apps...but I thought it was really cool :). Yes. It has gotten even easier to do now... If you need to have something be permanently "shredded", you should consider a "high security" shredder. That is, one that not only shreds vertically, but horizontally as well. After that is finished, but the little pieces into water and turn it into mash. The other option is using acid, or.... not writing things down that will get you put in prison. Seeing snarky comments like this voted up to near the top of the page really illustrates the decline that HN has seen over the past week or so... I wish that there was a way for HN to meta-moderate. That is, give specific moderators a heavier influence over things (and new users almost none at all). I think his would help curtail the reddit culture migrating onto HN. It is typically not feasible to burn a large amount of paper inside of an office without anyone noticing. You could turn the paper into mash in an office. You could not do the same by burning it. I'm not exactly sure what you're trying to address here... This is a three word comment with absolutely no substance at all, poking fun at the headline. It adds absolutely nothing to the discussion about the iphone, and isn't really appropriate for HN. About a week and a half ago, this comment would almost immediately be moved to the bottom of the page, and made nearly invisible. A class action law suit has been brought against Amazon. This means that they have been "sued". what are they going to call their whois service? nslookup? I think they're probably more concerned with bringing it back up at the moment than they are with informing people about what is going on. (I understand that there are more than just engineers working there, but I can understand a PHB screaming at somebody to stop jacking around on twitter during a crisis). Either that or they hoped that they could rectify the problem before anybody noticed. FTA: The DMCA says, “no person shall circumvent a technological measure that effectively controls access to a work protected under this title.” Not to be a pedant here, but obviously the protection wasn't every effective. What is to stop me saying something like: "THIS POST IS ENCRYPTED WITH ROT26 ENCRYPTION" then suing the pants off of all of you for circumventing my protection? Yeah, that is a stupid example, but things have gotten WAY out of control here. Not to be the bearer of bad news here, guys, but I very much doubt that this is going to do much to slow apple down. Their core user base for the iPhone seems to be not geeks, but teenage girls. Even if it WAS just geeks, we make up a minuscule percentage of the population. Chances are that if I told one of my sisters, or my mother (who all have iPhones) about this, they would roll their eyes a bit, add an entry or two to the "brother is a conspiracy nut" column, and point me to the latest "omg cute!" app that they downloaded. The iPhone and the appstore are not going anywhere. If developers like us stop building things for it, people who value cash more than they value principles will take our place. As much as it sucks, this is the world that we live in. During the initial phases of adoption, yes, you are absolutely correct. Geeks provide a sort of "buffer" for the rest of the public; we test things and report on what is the best. The iPhone has reached a point where it isn't going to matter what we say anymore. Look at windows, how long have we all been screaming from the rooftops that it is garbage? How much affect has it had? Some, maybe, sure...but people look at their computers, realize that they can more-or-less get what they need done done, and then they forget about it and go on with their lives. People are NOT going to give up the iPhone on some silly ideological ground. Yes, this pisses me off, no I won't be buying an iPhone, yes apple is moving further and further away from something that I want, but NONE of this matters to my mom. Writing documentation is NOT fun. Writing really cool code is... What you're asking is that people turn projects that are "fun" into projects that are "work" and still do it for free? Really? Because I'm perfectly content using software that works, works really well (better than the costly alternative in some cases), and is 100% free. I'm totally fine with having to find some of the devs on IRC or a mailing list instead of having to look through some docs. Yeah, documentation is really nice, but suggsting that we stop using projects that have poor documentation is a bit silly. The United States is subsidizing the medical expenses of the rest of the planet . Who do you think pays for medical research and why? Who in the United States doesn't have access to healthcare? Quite honestly, I don't see why this is such a massive issue with everyone right now... Medical innovation (in it's current state, meaning building things on a molecular level) is prohibitively expensive. Gone are the days when a guy in his basement can hack out (or stumble upon) some great new wonderdrug like penicillin. These things are not cheap to do... Also, how does the US Gov't plan on getting the cost of healthcare down? If there is some magic wand that they can wave and make everything cheaper, then why don't they do it? Why do they want control over this so badly? This is common knowledge to anybody that works in medical research. I don't know of a way to prove other than telling you to go to a medical research laboratory and ask some of the people that work there. Most of them are going to chuckle a bit at your suggestion that I'm wrong. I would also suggest looking at the Mayo Clinic and Johns Hopkins, which are the premier medical research institutions in the world. (I'm sorry, this is also common knowledge...I can't offer you any 'proof' of it other than...look). Then it should be easy to support. Let's talk fact here, common knowledge is often wrong. Sure! In 2003 the United States spent about $94 Billion Dollars on medical reseearch. About 28% of this came from the National Institute of health. Yes, you are technically correct, this makes them the largest "single" contributor. ( http://www.medpagetoday.com/PublicHealthPolicy/HealthPolicy/... ) In 2002/2003 the UK (the largest EU contributor to health research) spent about $480 Million (400 Million Euro) on cancer research. ( http://www.pubmedcentral.nih.gov/articlerender.fcgi?artid=15... ) In this same period, the United States spent about $1.9 Billion. ( http://www.cancer.gov/cancertopics/factsheet/NCI/research-fu... ) I understand that these sorts of things are inconvenient, and I apologize for not citing sources earlier. Like I said, this is pretty much common knowledge to anybody even remotely familiar with medical research. In the future, I suggest using this website: http://www.google.com .. it is really great for helping you find things that support "common" knowledge. I have been able to create a similar phenomenon during very deep mediation. I would turn on a shower for white noise, then concentrate on just relaxing....eventually I would find myself in a very strange dreamlike, yet stil awake state. It was AMAZING!!! After "waking" I would feel enormously refreshed and energetic.... How does any of this bantering disporve my statement that the United States is doing the overwhelming majority of the medical research in the world? The United States is responsible for 4x as much medical research as the United Kingdom is. How can you in any way misunderstand this to mean something other than "The United States does more Research than anybody else. This is common knowledge". Are you illiterate? I got google voice about a week ago. The only feature that I cared about on the iPhone was visual voice mail. Google voice is many, many, many, many, MANY times better than visual voicemail. I will not be getting an iPhone now, thanks Google! Yeah, go to fry's and buy one. because twitter limits you to 140 characters of input. I'm sorry, and I think I'm not the only one that feels this way, but facebook is pretty much completely dead to me. Twitter has supplanted it. Twitter is great for exactly the reason that most people hate it. It fills the void while I'm sitting in line at Fry's or something; I can immediately see what some of my friends are doing simply by looking at my blackberry, as well as give them totally pointless updates like "omg I HATE THE LINES AT FRY'S!" (you can see all of my stupid, inane tweets here: http://www.twitter.com/blhack ). Facebook also just feels like there is too much going on...twitter does exactly one thing and it does it very well. For instance, I have a really fantastic pocket knife that a good friend bought me a few years ago. It has all sorts of tools, one of them is a screwdriver. Needless to say, it is not as good as...well...a screw drive. Facebook's status updates, and twitter's "tweets", while similar, just aren't really the same thing. Finally, there are a few people that I "stalk" on twitter that most likely have no idea who I am. One of them is a Poet from the UK...I get to see things like "I am release a few limited edition first run CDs from my original demo...get them while they're hot" (he is actually a rapper...but got started doing poetry jams. I feel dirty saying I follow a rapper). There is somebody called "Yuffster" (I thinks she is a famous dev of some sort? I don't know there was a post on here a while ago of "must-follow" twitterers and she was one of them...actually she was the ONLY one I kept following, everybody else tweeted like 100 times a day.) Sorry, facebook, but you have lost my eyeballs. Twitter offers a superior (and pretty much completely different) product. If they had somehow involved twitter in this, it would have been okay. Also if it had come from techcrunch. Okay, okay, kidding...to me, hacker news is "news for hackers" -> Things Hackers will enjoy -> not lolcats and news about 4chan -> not reddit. The girls in mini skirts, however, are a great motivator! Either enjoy your peacful basement, or get skype. (I got skype). Uhm...it runs linux. cd emacs && ./configure && make && make install Yes, X11 does come with a very very basic window manager. It's been a LOONNGGG time (I switched to windows XP) since I have had to install one, but I believe you can see it by by taking exec $foo out of your x11rc, then running startx. Right clicking will get you an xterm, and you can launch things that require a GUI from there... Surprise, people enjoy websites that make them laugh. lolcats and failblog require absolutely no intellectual investment at all. It's like eating a nice steak...it triggers that part of your brain that goes "this is good", but doesn't actually require you to do anything. This does, however, bring up another point...are there any other animals that experience humor? Wouldn't all of the torrents be more-or-less useless without the tracker? And by "more-or-less", I mean "completely". I'm not entirely opposed to this. In fact, I wish that more manufacturers would do it... I hate setting things on my desk, then having them slide all over the place...one of my favorite pieces of kit is my old 1987 model M keyboard. Not entirely because of the bucky-spring keys, the wonderful noise it makes, or the stark contrast between it, my monitors, my wacom tablet, and whatever new-aged gizmos happen to be floating around on my desk, but because of its heft. My frineds and I have got a scale for judging the utility of a piece of hardware. "could you kill somebody with it? I mean...in the event of zombie apocalypse, could this device be used to take down a zombie?" The answer with the model M is likely a solid "no". (it's heavy, and sturdy, but zombies are freaking TOUGH!), but it's close. The extra weight, even though artificial, gives us that feeling of "this is a sturdy piece of equipment". This is a good thing. I liken it to eating a nice steak. Your brain is going "good job! Eat a lot of this!" because it is assuming that protein (and fat, and all the other good things in a steak) is/are scarce, and that you should ingest as much as possible. Well, this is silly...steaks are not scarce! It's the same thing, it's false, it's stupid, it's trickery, but I still like it. I believe this is the inverse of a speedup loop. Although, if you removed it a few releases later for a drastic performance improvement, then I guess it is both! Good show! You may wish to visit this website: http://maps.google.com . Pick a location, then hit "street view". The story seems very similar in theme to this one: http://www.viruscomix.com/page473.html What company do you work for, I'd love a job... See, the way it is where I work is that you better fucking have your laptop with you 24/7 because if one of the duct-tape and chicken-wire projects that you're required to support goes down...well then hollly shit it better be fixed like RIGHT. FREAKING. NOW. (never mind that these outages and crashes happen at companies that we are customers of...as in: they won't let me into their FTP server to fix it when it is just fucking dropping connections for no reason). But by golly, we better be glad to even HAVE a job! See, if we whine, or don't perform 100% all the time every day (even during our "vacation") there are a few hundred qualified applicants ready to take our job for the same pay and the same requirements (these people will burn out in a couple of months...again...and the cycle will continue). How did this start? Too many people were told that they were special. Too many degrees were given out, and now the job market is flooded with people. We have a surplus of "skills". How is it that people can't wrap their head around man-hours as a commodity? De beers knows this, they keep vaults full of diamonds locked away in a basement in NYC because they know that if they dump all those diamonds on the market, the price will get driven down. We've been screwed. I'm sorry, this isn't entitlement. This is facts. We've been screwed. I came here to say exactly this... The actual search probably takes only several microseconds and was probably trivial to write compared the to the pretty visualization. Put your online identity in for a much more interesting visualization. I used "blhack", and it was much more accurate and interesting to watch. I'm sure this comment will get lost in all the clutter, but: I, up until today, didn't give two shits about ruby. I know that I had heard of this craaazzzyyyy "Ruby on Rails" jazz from about a year ago, and I know that people talked about it all the time, but I grabbed onto my python, looked the other way, and called it good. Now, I want to learn ruby... This guy seemed like he was all about teaching people Ruby, perhaps this was an attention grab? I say this as an SUV driving republican voting nature lover: A lot of people's first reaction to hearing this is something along the lines of "haha, see , hippies, see how stupid you are!??!". Just because humans at one point blindly destroyed everything they came in contact with does not mean that they should continue to, or should dismiss doing so as acceptable. You need to make your functions smaller and more generic... This is something I keep fighting against myself on, but it makes my code more portable... The problem is the depression (clinical depression) is one of the most horrifyingly over-diagnosed diseases on the face of the planet. EVERYONE gets depressed. If people didn't, we'd be living in Utopia. When you hand some person who is having a crappy day a pill and say something like "this is full of magic chemicals that are going to make you feel better", their outlook on life improves, and they aren't depressed anymore! Clinical depression is different. Clinical depression is as much a real disease as anything else, and it cannot be treated with a placebo any more than a broken leg can. Real depression is not a psychological problem, it is a neurochemical one... Clinical depression does not even always manifest itself as feeling sad or anxious. It can present itself as bad memory, poor focus, decreased creativity...These things, while psychologicacl problems, have neurological causes. Yes, being sad does as well, but being sad is as easy to "cure" as being hungry. This is why the placebo worked. The fact that "stimulus" has entered your standard issue citizen's lexicon as something that the government gives to a failing industry to keep it from failing is one of the most horrifying things to come out of the 2008 election cycle. WHY is this looked at as okay? I get that the headline was a joke...but why is it even funny? I'm sorry, I know this is off-topic (and more appropriate for a political forum like reddit), but I'm 22 years old. Fuck you , to the government that is taking away money that I haven't even had the chance to EARN yet so that companies that I have no interest in can continue existing. How did we get to a point where this is looked at as acceptable? Won't somebody please actually think of the children? You, government, the very people who are supposed to be looking out for me, are robbing from me in broad daylight, then having the audacity to tell me that it is for my own good?! What the hell is happening?!!? I agree with you, which is why I was 100% behind the troubled asset relief package. That was to help out the banks, which needed to remain liquid. I was extremely extremely vocally for TARP... This is something else entirely. I'm sorry, but no. If you're depressed, a placebo may improve your outlook and this improved outlook may present itself as a decrease in symptoms which, like I said, manifest psycologically, but unless you've got something to increase the amount of seratonin in your brain (which is used as a neurotransmitter...this is why depression can present as poor short-term memory, and poor focus) then you're fixing a physical problem with a psychological solution. If this makes somebody feel better, then fantastic for them! I'm sorry for being a bit combative about this...sever mania and depression is something that runs in my family, and debilitating depression and anxiety are something I've dealt with my entire life. Believe me, if there was a placebo-based solution to this, I would be the first person in line to get it... I don't mean to take offense, I know you don't mean any, but saying what you're saying is a bit akin to telling a cancer patient that they need to just get over it. I had about an hour and a half to kill before district 9 started this weekend...after screwing around in Best Buy for a while, I went next door to Chipotle. I figured I would be the only person in there, would be eating some veggies and stuff that had probably been sitting out for more than a few minutes, etc. etc...(it was 3:30 in the afternoon...from working in a restaurant during college...this is the WORST time of the day)... There was a line of about 20 people...and the place was nearly packed. I think I need to abandon this whole "internet" thing and open a chipotle. From the reddit thread about the same thing: http://microlove.ytmnd.com/ It is quite hilarious... I'm sorry, maybe my ignorance is showing here, but in the example, aren't they pretty much just describing a cgi? for example... example.com/cgi-bin/gettaxes.cgi?state=AZ&longzip=85251&ammount=82521&trans_id=23894 which returns some text? Am I totally missing the point here? Grr...I typed out three or four hilarious jokes about humans not being robots, but none of them worked, here goes: I can't find the link, but there was an article a while ago about a positive correlation between mental instability and creativity. The reasoning behind it was that people who are mentally unstable do not have the same sorts of inhibitions about "radical" ideas. They'll allow their mind to drift further away from the norm than what is...the norm. This, I think, is the reason why it's so hard to come to the solution to a moderately abstract problem if you're concentrating on trying to come up with a solution (at least if you're doing it alone...working in groups with a big ol' whiteboard and some mental lubricant [beer] can help too)... You need to let your mind wander a bit so that it stops over-analyzing everything...I don't know what you guys would call it, but whenever I code something that needs to "guess" a bit (image processing, for example), I code in a "fudge factor", that is: change this a bit up and down from what you read and see if it works. Letting your brain wander off to something unrelated to the task at hand, to me, is like letting it increase the "fudge factor" on whatever it is you're working on. You "don't care" as much about your task, so you pay less attention to making sure that it falls within norms. This helps you come up with more creative solutions (which are sometimes required). Is this making ANY sense at all? Probably not :( What I'm saying is that distracting yourself (by internetting) will help you find the solution to the problem that you're working on, and increase your productivity. I think you just got buzzworded, ;-)... It sounds like this magical "push" thing already exists. It is called "get" and "post". For example, my website is a stupid news aggregator ( http://www.gibsonandlily.com ). If a story gets more than ~30 points (which is really rare since there are only a few people that post there), it calls up tinyurl and says: "Hey...tinurl, if you wouldn't mind, could you please give me a tinyurl of this link so that I can post it to twitter?" Tinurl responds "Hey, I'M TOO BUY POSTING TO TECHCRUNCH, GO AWAY!" To which my server says "But c'mon, tinurl...pleaaaseeee????" Tinurl: "Fine, here, no go AWAY! Also, aren't I frigging revolutionary?!" Then it calls up twitter and says "Hey, uhm...brah, like zomfg wutcha doin? Check out this uber link!" and twtitter posts it. This isn't some revolutionary "push" feature, this is just standard cgi action. It sounds like this is the same thing, just in reverse...which really isn't that "revolutionary", more like "duh". Agree 100%. Playing rock band drums is essentially the same as play practice pads. I remember going over to my parents house one year...my sisters asked me if I wanted to play with them. Naturally, being a drummer, I sat down at the drums (and then went to my car to grab some no-crappy sticks...and into the garage to steal the drum stool from my old kit that is still sitting at my mom's) and chose "expert" mode. My sisters laughed and told me, since I had never played the game before, that there was no way I would be able to do it, and to choose something lower so we didn't just fail the song... They were...kindof correct...it was harder than I had anticipated, but I still finished with a pretty respectable score. The hard part about playing the drums on this game is that, as a drummer, the rest of the band follows you . It's really frustrating to have the machine tell you that you're off with you're rhythm, haha. One mode I really wish they would add to the game is...like..."free play". Assign a sound to each of the drums and treat the kit like a midi controller. I know people that already do this in their home studios (although as more of a novelty than anything else) and they actually work :). Point is: rock band is a really fun game, and playing the drums in it is very similar to playing the drums in real life. Doubly so if you've ever done any work in sequencing software. Playing rockband is like what I used to "see" as I was playing the drums after spending hours and hours in a sequencer. Is this a joke? A link to a 1 sentence post that goes to a bing search that somehow embeds a youtube video? Here is the direct link: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eqlq25PRbko Does anybody know what sort of card they're using for this? IF this was the case he wouldn't be able to telnet into port 80. Guys, if he can telnet into port 80 and do a get, that means that he isn't blocked (either by HN admins, or by his ISP). What browser are you using? Some browsers (like chrome) do weird DNS caching that can, sometimes, cause problems. The fact that you can get it from telnet, but not from your browser, means that you should be looking at your browser. Oh, I guess I assumed he was telnetting in, then doing a get... I was under the impression that he was able to do a GET once he established a connection... Thats why I suggested another browser. I've had this problem quite a few times (especially with chrome) because some browsers do some goofey DNS caching... Out of curiosity, how many of you just leave your access point open? I named mine "aireplay-ng" and gave it 32bit wep as a courtesy to any of my hacker brethren. Could you please explain this logic? Wouldn't ~90% of us attending college, then seeing its effects, qualify us to comment on the topic? Would you mind posting what the offending CGI was doing? If you coded up your index.cgi to walk all over the CPU as badly as it sounds like you did, something was probably very very wrong. That said, they were absolutely in the right to do this (except that they should have notified you first...). I saw that you (or somebody) used the analogy of a landlord and an apartment. Let's explore that further... Say you are renting an apartment, and the landlord doesn't charge you anything for water (which is pretty common, if not standard). Now, there is a bit of a gentlemen's agreement here. Yes, you have "unlimited" water but, like everything else in life, this needs to have the words "within reason" appended to it. Now lets say that, for some reason, your apartment was using 10x as much water as everybody else in the building...so much so, in fact, that nobody else in the building could reliably get any water. Your landlord calls you and says "Hey, joao, would you mind cutting the water back, please? You're kindof using too much", which you ignore. A couple of months later, again, the landlord calls "Hey, Joao, you're still using a shit-load of water, and your sortof hogging it all. Some of the other tenants are complaining...if you want, leave a key to your place in the office and we'll go check it out!" Which you respond "over my dead body". So, finally, after months and months of you hogging the water, they just use the master key to the building to go into your apartment, where they see that you've had the shower, the sink, and the toilet all running constantly for the last 4 months. They shut them off, then call you "Hey, joao, yeah, we noticed that you pretty royally messed up and kindof left EVERYTHING in the bathroom on at the same time. Not cool...so we shut it off. Sorry for the inconveinience. BTW, sorry for having to go into your appt. like that, but the other tenants were complaining. Here are some instructions so that you can change the lock on your door an keep us from being able to help you like this in the future. Have a nice day!" And your response to ignoring their totally legitimate requests for you to stop hogging all the resources is "WHAT A BUNCH OF PRICKS!!" I think somebody needs to calm down and take a step back from the situation. By that logic, all of the linux zealots out there should stop encouraging people to use linux since all the linux people already use it. Is that about right? We're telling the other 9% "Hey, guys, learn from our mistakes! Have a nice day!". Hooray for this analogy! Sadly, you didn't really use it correctly :(. Pausing the VPS instance would have been like locking them out of the apartment completely... I would much rather have a landlord come into my apartment to turn my faucet off (keep in mind: after I ignored her requests to for MONTHS) than lock me out of it completely. I wish getting the money that I spent back would have been as easy as switching to linux. Oh, idea, OPEN SOURCE SCHOOLING! This can backfire in a big way...I will post this in the hopes the person I'm talking about doesn't read this website (I find it unlikely that she does). I met a girl who seemed very cool. She was really smart, into computers (she's a programmer), funny, etc. etc. Basically everything that I look for in a good friend. SO I invited her out to grab some beer one night. Now, the thing is...I'm a bit of a beer snob. I invited her to go to my favorite beer drinking place...a place which features nearly 500 varieties of imported and microbrewed beer...all really great stuff. Well, when we got there, I ordered a beer that is ~$20 a bottle (it is a very very limited run that new belgium did, and is quite good). Her, not being a beer nerd at all, found a beer she liked, and ordered 3-4 of them...(it was a lambic from Belgium). Now, because I'm a nice guy, near the end of the evening, I got up and talked to one of the bartenders and paid the check... The reason I did this was mostly because this girl was not a beer snob in any way, and probably had no clue how expensive what she was drinking was. This girl decided that this gesture was me in some way trying to hit on her, and now refuses to talk to me. :(. Some people get really weirded out when you try and do nice things for them, so be careful. Some people even go so far as thinking that you're offering to buy them lunch because you think they can't afford it. Tread lightly, that's all I'm saying... Well...the thing is that I normally DO pay for my male friends. If I call them up and say ask them to go out, they're usually all broke (mostly students). I'll pay because, to me, its worth the extra few bucks to have somebody to drink with... (or are you saying that people are just being irrational? Your last sentence makes me believe so.) Anecdotal, but this seems to back up what I've experienced in life... I've dealt with bad depression for most of my life..and it really, really sucks. When I "come out" of it, I'll look back at some of the things I did and said while I was depressed and just be like "WTF!?". It will usually result in my apologizing to people around me for acting bizarre, and alienating myself from whatever friends I had previously made. Suck-zore. The GOOD thing about it is that depression has almost always been a major brain-catalyst for me. When I was young, the first thing that got catalyzed was dirt-bikes. For a summer I did almost literally nothing other than read about, and ride dirtbikes. I emerged from that knowing more than anybody I know of about all the racers and bikes and parts and tracks etc. etc. Then I discovered computers... I know it's stupid and childish to reference the Hacker's Manifesto...but that pretty much nailed it for me. Here is something that doesn't get mad at me for being depressed, or scream at me to stop talking back, or think I'm weird, or anything like that.... Hands down, my best code has been written while I'm depressed. For somebody that can't imagine what being depressed is like...imagine taking a photo that is out of focus, nothing really makes any sense at all. You can make out shapes, but they're blurry and not that meaningful. That is depression (well, that is actually a better descriptor for mania, not depression...depression would be more like really low light)... Sitting down at a computer and getting buried under a bunch of code is...in focus, if that makes sense. When you're manic, or depressed, code is something solid that you can grab on to. Sorry if this doesn't make sense. I'm sorry but this sort of thing is so unbelievably, blatantly obvious when it happens that if you genuinely believe that somebody is "casually" saying these things, you're a social buffoon. One of my friends is notorious for this. She is currently traveling around in Europe...every so often there will be something like "laying on the beech in the south of france today! France Je t'aime!" This sort of thing does not come across as even remotely casual, because it isn't casual. Why did she feel the need to tell everyone that she was in "the south of france"? Why not just "on the beech"? Because that sort of thing is abnormal for her. It isn't something that she normally does. She's bragging, and everybody knows it. Now, I don't mean to pick on my friend (who may actually be fictional), but I just want the people that do this sort of thing to know that it is very, very transparent. You're making yourself look like a fool, and informing the world that the very things you are trying to purport as normal for you are, in fact, novel. That is why you're mentioning them. I recently bought and arduino and have been having a LOT of fun with it... Last night, actually, I was the most giddy I think I have been in YEARS... I stole two servos out of a remote control plane from my childhood, and connected them to one another so that I could point a stick at almost any point...(think like what an observatory does...the end of my servo was the telescope)... Anyhow (this is going to be a birthday present for my friend that introduced me to this)...I connected an LED to the end of a stick that was connected to one of the servos, then wrote some code to spell out words with it in the air... Set a camera in front of it, turn the lights out, expose for about 30 seconds (or however long the drawing takes) and get a word...totally stupid, totally pointless and TOTALLY fun... For this project I needed: 2 servos (any servos will pretty much work...you can buy them at your local hobby shop) 1 LED some wire. Some Spaghetti sticks (I used these to make an "arm" for the LED). The birthday present is going to be a program that spells out "Happy Birthday" in the air, as well as the source code for it :). Honestly, after the servo went back to its "home" position, and shut off the LED, it took about 10 seconds for the photo to process. Seeing the photo come onto the screen with my message in it was AMAZING . Seriously, if you're even thinking about buying one of these, JUST DO IT! Playing with this thing feels like when I first started to code way back when... You're right...posts about this are more interesting. The annoying bit is her trying to play it off like this is a normal activity... I'm not entirely sure if this is a troll or not, but... rsync does exactly what you're looking for. You can also pipe it over SSH encyption on the wire. type "man rsync" at a shell for a description of how. I don't mean to insult you or your idea but, at least to me, this is terrible... There are a number of problems with it. You can't read the text without enlarging the comic. It takes more than 2 seconds to read...you probably aren't going to get that much investment from anybody unless they already know what this is, and care (they likely have an active desire NOT to see this). It is CONFUSING...I get that this has something to do with running SQL queries from within excel, but I have no idea what is going on in the comic. Is this the guys boss? Is this some vendor? Who is this person and why does he look so radically different than the guy behind the laptop? I'm still not even entirely sure what your product does...doesn't excel have the capability of doing this natively? I think if you wanted to do an ad...big bold letters that say "RUN SQL FROM WITHIN EXCEL" would be MUCH more effective than this... I made a submission... I think that, if you're going to go for something like this, it's important that people understand what is going on right away...(which is what you'll see if you look at my suggestion). Nay. Women are attracted to power. Famous scientists, authors, and artists wield power. In addition to this, the attraction to "intelligence" is like gravity...omnipresent, but weak in relation to something like the strong nuclear force (looks). (as with most statements, append the phrase "within reason" to this). Please tell me he reads the replies, because otherwise it means that I have been replying for no reason. Or would it still mean that I am replying for no reason if he WAS reading them, but not responding!? (as with most statements, append the phrase "within reason" to this). This isn't an exploit, it is a feature of almost every modern browser. Reading a few of the comment here... I feel bad for some of you. This isn't serious (at least I hope not), this is the sort of thing you get to toy around with in your head when you're driving on a long road trip or coming home from a long day at work. It's fun to think about this sort of thing (for me and, aparently, a few others at least...)...the way some of your are commenting on this makes me feel like you would be the type of people to ask "Why? Are we going somewhere?" of an invitation to go for a walk. I think that was the point... Most people aren't aware of this. Hopefully it was a success for you! http://iamtpain.smule.com/mysongs/uid/1/3532/?did= This is me doing it... This is a really great app. We had half the people in my office out in a room we use for presentations with this hooked up to the PA. We were all laughing our butts off the whole time, having a lot of fun. THAT sort of thing will sell... Very very good job, whoever wrote this. A lot of people seem to miss the point of social news. Hackernews is not a place where "people vote on stories they think that mynameishere will like", it is a place where people vote on stories that they like. The idea is that it is a group of like-minded people, and most of them probably have similar interests. If you want a website with moderators, possibly try fark. Am I missing a joke here? You posted this exact same comment (but linked to this page) in the page you link to. Which one do you prefer? People really open up to you when you call them by name... I never realized it, but almost every conversation I have on the phone goes like this: ring ring "Thenks for calling hacker news, this is PG, how can I help you?" "Hey, PG, whats up?" This totally throws the customer service rep off. Most people just ignore the name and start screaming off their question. It makes you different and "fun" to them. Think about answering the phone all day. Suddenly somebody showing an interest in you goes a long way. I never realized that I did this until a good friend of mine pointed it out to me. I now feel kindof bad about being manipulative :( (although unintentionally). The same thing also works for most other service people. Be nice to them. Treat them like people and suddenly things happen for you :) (there is a restaurant in Tempe, AZ that does not serve fried pickles. However, if you're nice enough to the server, they'll generally pull some strings for you and BAM! friend pickles. I emphasize that they don't serve them because, if you get a server who is in a particularly bad mood and you ask for them, they will get sortof angry at you. I think they're a pain in the ass for the cooks.) Umm...no offense, but how would you prefer that people be nice to you? Did you just hate your job? There is no sense getting mad at the people that were trying to treat you like a human being. I also spent many years working in service industry jobs. People talking to me like I was a person and not a piece of shit that was somehow below them made all the difference to me. To each their own, I guess. It sounds to me like you're assuming that everybody who tries to be nice to you is being fake . My being nice to people when I talk to them is a result of my mid-western upbringing, as well as my working the majority of the jobs I'm talking about here. It must suck seeing the world through your eyes. I agree to a small extent. Mac OS solves all of the hardware compatibility (err..most) issues that linux has, but it does not solve the software availability problems. Yes, you can dual boot, but that is a pain. Exactly. Currently, I have a tree full of putty sessions open to my most-frequently needed servers, and a cmd.exe window open for pscp/ftp. Windows, for me, has become a thin client. I looked at my netbook the other day and realized that I have pretty much nothing installed on it. Everything that I do happens either in my machine room at work, or in a datacenter. What are you trying to do on a windows install that requires customization? Also, fiddling with the wifi on *nix and fiddling with it on windows are...not quite the same thing. I have no problem with it on linux (in fact, I have destroyed several keyboards in fits of rage while trying to get it working on windows.), but my mother would have absolutely no freaking CLUE how to even begin trying to get it to work. What percentage of users do you suppose are doing these things? Less than 1%? Less than .5%? As far as setting desktop backgrounds...the process is the same in KDE as it is in Windows or Gnome. (FVWM, which is actually the WM I run on most of my machines with X installed is a bit different). As far as themes...I'm not even entirely sure that windows has themes. What do you mean by that? The DNS is depressing to me. The fact that I find a service like this as cool as I do really speaks to how messed up the domain name service is. Why is domain resale even allowed? "Ownership" of a domain seems silly to me. You should be licensing it from ICANN, and you should not be able to sell it. Part of the licensing agreement should be "if you are a domain squatting piece of scum, your contract will be terminated and you will not get your $6 (or whatever it is) registration fee back". I think that was sort of the point of the article... There is no "year of the linux desktop" because Linux and Windows should be looked to to fulfill different roles. To me, windows isn't a "real" operating system. I don't use windows for anything other than running putty or chrome. It isn't really doing anything. Linux, on the other hand, is at the absolute core of the business that employs me. ALL of our servers (except one domain controller) run either Linux of OpenBSD. If I had my way, all of the workstations would be running it as well. This is an okay solution for me, because all of my workstations have identical (or very similar) hardware. An install would be as simple as imaging a disk, running a few scripts to configure things like networking, and powering it on. Naturally, I can't speak for everyone, but I do have a considerably larger amount of experience with linux as a desktop than most. I also have a lot of experience with support. Supporting linux on a hodge-podge of hardware is definitely not something I would want to undertake. Guiding my mom through Ubuntu would also not be something I would want to do. I think a lot of Linux nerds (members of the church mentioned in the article), have a bit of a cognitive bias when it comes to how easy linux is to use. They WANT it to be easy. They overlook the bits of tinkering they have to do to actually get it working correctly. Like I said, this is all my own experience. YMMV. However, if you are having as easy a time installing and running linux as a desktop OS as you do with windows...please tell me what hardware you're using! The problem is that the apple version doesn't say "Microsoft" at the top. I know, this is a stupid joke, but I'm only half kidding. A coworker stormed into my office today livid because he needed microsoft office, not open office. "It's free! It's SHIT!", he screamed while throwing his hands into the air. I walked into his department and had him show me, on one of the other machines (which had MS office installed) what he was trying to do. I then walked over to his machine and pressed LITERALLY the exact same series of menus and buttons to get EXACTLY the same result. (it was excel vs OO.o calc). He had never even tried. Perhaps I should start lying to my users and telling them that Open Office costs $1000 per seat. I bet they would beg me for it then. As far as mail clients go. Get thunderbird and stop even thinking about the fact that you're using a mail client. I'll share something my mom said to me when I was scared of flying as a kid: "They pilot doesn't want to die either". That has more-or-less destroyed any fear I have of flying. One of my favorite things that it sortof related to this is HUGE sunglasses. My friends wear them all the time and it's a bit sad. If you're really pretty, why would you hide your face behind huge sunglasses like that? Then it dawned on me. Celebrities wear them to conceal their face when they go out in public. They don't WANT to be noticed, so they wear huge masks over their face. People saw these "upper status" girls doing it, and they copied it in an attempt to appear the same. Thus: huge sunglasses as a status symbol. The other thing about flying: I cannot even possibly describe to anybody who hasn't spent time in the captain's chair how good of a job the FAA and the aircraft manufacturers do planning for EVERYTHING . You practically have to ask for clearance, then follow a checklist, when you scratch your beard. Wow, I had never seen that before! The lights totally makes sense, though. As somebody with non-stereoscopic vision, I sincerely hope that this (3d) fails miserably. Going to the movies is one of my favorite pass-times. If this becomes normal, that will be ruined for me :(. Google voice not only replaces visual voice mail, it improves it dramatically. Apparently, AT&T sunk a massive amount of cash into this feature. Google also offers the ability to send and receive text messages (a major revenue generator for phone companies) for free. Google voice basically took every reason you should drop cash on an iphone, and gave it away for free. It says in the article that the administration at MIT has had a "crackdown" on these "hacks"? Pardon my language, but, are you fucking joking? If this is true, it is one of the most depressing things I have heard in a while. To me, these "hacks" represented a seemingly long standing tradition of "let the geniuses do whatever the hell they want, they're geniuses!". This doesn't hurt anybody, doesn't damage anything, why on god's earth would you ever want to punish them? If nothing else, this is bringing more good publicity to the school. These sorts of things are exactly the reason that I daydream about being able to go to a place like MIT. 'Tis is a sad state of affairs if these people are looked at as scoundrels and not heros. But calling them heroes is a bit of a stretch. And why is that? Football players earn the title of "hero". (at least at ASU they do). Why should intellectual accomplishments be any less note-worthy than physical ones? Fair enough. Here's your assignment: design a portfolio for yourself. Sorry I can't pay you anything, but I want it done by next week. I am so sick to death about these constant "privacy concerns". If you have some deep dark secret that you don't want the world to know, then don't go around posting it on a system that bills itself as a way of providing ubiquitous access to everything posted to it! These people who get concerned about privacy are the digital equivalent of somebody posting a billboard with their contact information, then claiming a violation of their privacy when people use that to contact them! You posted it online. On a public forum. You cannot expect even a modicum of privacy when you do that. If you have a problem with people reading what you write, don't write it! This quote speaks to the validity of the person making this claim. From TFA: Within 25 years we will be able to do an Olympic sprint for 15 minutes without taking a breath, or go scuba-diving for four hours without oxygen. BATBOY FOUND!! Page 33! NEW PICS! They're an easy target and they are very weird. Watch some of the videos of dissenters interacting with them. It's bizarre. I'm going to have to kindly disagree with this. Some people don't seem to understand that advertising is also about brand awareness . I've seen that damn "evony" or "ebony" or whatever it is free mmorpg ad all over the place, but have never clicked on it. I'm sure that, eventually, I will check it out. This isn't because of ONE website that I have seen the ad on, it is because I have seen it everywhere . The value (at least in some cases) is in LOTS of impressions. The CPM model will probably never die (and IMHO, this is a good thing). A lot of you seem to not like this very much... While certainly not very useful for things like technical manuals or mathematics texts, for things like news articles, I love this. The threshold at which I have to actually remind myself to pay attention is about 450wpm... Perhaps I am weird but every time pandora recommends me a song and I really like it, I bookmark it. I do this so that if I end up deciding I want to buy it, I can click through to amazon from them and get them some referal money :). It really says something about how good you are doing if people will go out of their way to make sure you get paid. It is a felony where I live...in Arizona. They certainly do not. The traffic jams that result from people slamming on their brakes in front of the cameras (I forgot the technical name for them. I just call them latency-jams...) have lengthened my commute considerably. As somebody who drives without a steel cage around them, you should support initiatives to have red light cameras removed. They increase the frequency of traffic accidents at intersections (both because people are concentrating more on "making the light" than they are "not hitting something" and because people slam on their brakes to prevent running a yellow) and do nothing to make them safer. That is a good point. I think the problem with the idea of Apple building an ereader is still in the e-ink... Apple likes things that are snappy, and clean...the current crop of e-readers do not fit that criteria... That said, if Apple DID make a tablet a book reader that came with a decent web browser, a good MP3 player, and a keyboard that wasn't completely worthless, and did it for under $500, I would buy. I don't think that will ever happen... :(. I had a teacher in High School that put her job on the line to pretty much make sure that my friends and I didn't end up doing this sort of thing. She would leave the computer lab unlocked for us at night and kindof look the other way when we would stay there until all hours playing in our own little DMZ. People everywhere take note: these kids aren't evil, they don't have an outlet for their curiosities and skills. I have a feeling that many of us posting here probably skated a very thin line between where we are now, and ending up a story on a tech news website about teenage hackers or in jail. You guys laugh... Keep in mind that, at this point, microsoft was pretty much nothing... Here was a guy that built something with the intent to sell it, and people said "too bad". Of course he was upset about that. Now, should he have been philanthropic enough to have just given it away to the community? Maybe, but it doesn't really matter...he coded it, and he did so thinking he would be able to sell it. I equate those that copied BASIC then to the people that use adblock now. No, they're not really harming the author, but it is a bit discourteous. I think he was just trying to illustrate that "C'mon, guys...I worked really hard on this...I'm not suing you, but just please buy it instead :)" Because it only offers a marginal improvement of XP. It is the same thing as DVD vs Blu Ray. To a videophile, the difference is obvious. To a normal person, the difference is noticeable, but irrelevant. Vista is blu ray and I suspect that windows 7 will be as well. I honestly think we've reached a point in desktop OS development where the average user simply does not care anymore. Things are moving onto the web now. People care about facebook doing a redesign, they do not really care what their desktop looks like beyond "does it work?". However, you lost me on the Blu Ray argument. If you have a 19" TV, no, you are not going to notice, or care, if you are watching a movie in HD or not. But on 50"+, it's so awful watching a regular DVD it completely ruins the experience. I'm going to politely disagree. I have been lucky enough to be able to afford a pretty sweet home theater setup. The screen is ~8ft (I don't know the exact size, sorry) and while I might care about the difference between DVD and Blu Ray on it, most people really just don't. Once the "omg that is cool!" affect wears off, people forget about it. They certainly don't care enough to spend the thousands of dollars it takes to upgrade their theater systems to it. I suspect that they also won't want to spend the hundreds of dollars to upgrade their computing equipment. The point was the Microsoft is releasing what is going to be another failure due to their ignorance about what people are using their computers for. Have you heard the ads? "I created a photo album on windows 7!" Did you? Are you sure you didn't just upload 100 photos to facebook and tag your family members in them? Also, the periods for whitespaces are because of the way that markdown (which is what the site uses) deals with newlines. I'll agree. That was sortof the point of the last paragraph... Right now (to use your analogy), Microsoft is trying to sell us bigger and better pre-amps while everybody is buying all-in-wonder digital systems. Everything is getting smaller (netbooks, smartphones like the iPhone and the Android), but Microsoft is about to release another OS with a HUGE hardware investment required in order to even run it. (edit: I was totally wrong about this. The hardware requirement for windows 7 can be seen here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_7#Hardware_requirements and is rather minimal). I was wrong to say "the end of desktop development"...more the end of an era or desktop OS development. Microsoft doesn't seem to get this (yet). I wish that firefox would start charging. Something like a $100 for a 1000 seat license or something similar. Why? Because when I go to one of my bosses and say "I think we try and transition away from IE. Here, this is Firefox, it is free and it is wonderful", their reaction is "Free?!" and visions of shitty freeware from the 90s fill their heads. In order to keep us geeks happy, they could offer a source distribution that needs to be compiled or has some trivial dependency that needs to be installed. I believe that was pretty much his...point. Nerds have become a culture all their [our] own. Us trying to be 'cool' in the eyes of people who aren't even members of our little society is kindof silly. I'm surprised that nobody here has yet mentioned Yerba Matte. I've never seen any studies or anything, just going on what I felt like my experience was, but it seems like all the benefits of coffee (altertness) with none of the bad side effects (jittery, crashing, etc.) Agreed. I am not a programmer by any stretch of even my own imagination, but I do have a website that kindof sortof seems to work. I've had things make it to the front page of here, and slashdot and was extremely surprised that it didn't just crash my machine (it's slicehost's cheapest VPS). This was weird to me because I grew up around fark and slashdot hearing stories about servers going down almost immediately after being posted. I think that those days might actually be gone. You can buy it at almost every "hippie" grocery store I've ever been to. (but the loose variety if you can get it). Beyond that, you can order it from ma-tea.com (this is where I bought it up until a few yeras ago when it became popular enough to start appearing in grocery stores). Out of curiosity, how long after you guys started it did you start seeing a lot of people other than you post links? I run a similar website and it has just been my friends and I posting for about a year now (which is fine with us)...interestingly (and one of the coolest feelings I've ever gotten, I'm sure you can totally relate) somebody that I had never even heard of posted my website to yours last night and told people to check it out...Since then we've gotten about 200 signups (and 3-4 people that have been hanging out on there all day today). Was it pretty quick after you launched reddit that you started seeing a ton of people using it? I had quite a while ago accepted that it would likely just be my friends and I posting on mine... A little under two weeks Well I definitely feel like a loser now, haha. Glad I saw you posting here. I'm sure that it's gotten old by now (although I hope it hasn't) but seriously good job on reddit. That website is leaps and bounds about its competition (who is its competition anyhow? digg? fark?). I've spent more time there than I have anywhere else...truly an awesome awesome awesome community. I hope you guys realize that, to people like me, you are literally a superstar, thanks a lot for responding to my question :). http://www.gibsonandlily.com Don't feel like that! What makes reddit so awesome is the community that these guys have built. It's not like they're going to suddenly stop being funny because the founders left! I'm sure they'll both keep posting and using the site...keep in mind that it's been their baby for like, 4 years. I'll bet they use it everyday; it would be like me trying to give up reddit, pretty much impossible since I've used it every day for the last couple of years. I say get a narwahl shirt, it makes other redditors easier to spot! Could somebody explain how it makes sense for a few nerds to do this, but it does not for yahoo? If geocities was eating that much of their bandwidth (which I doubt), couldn't they advertise on it? I just don't understand how a few geeks can like this enough to buy (or scavenge from their closet) the necessary equipment to do a project like this, but a multi-billion-dollar technology powerhouse like Yahoo! cannot. There really is something cool about knowing that you could completely tear the machine that you're using apart, and put it back together again with the tools in your backpack. Eek... Reading this article was like watching a nightmare become reality. I've been getting thrown into ehow.com quite a bit lately, now I know why the answers are so terrible. This sort of mathematical approach to maximizing profit is, to me, a cancer on the web. The analogy in the article was perfect, they're like the kid that screamed out the answer to every question the teacher had, but with absolutely 0 insight. Well...you could forge your user agent string in firefox :). here: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/59 It isn't very polite, but neither is not letting you in. (That said, I really doubt they care if you buy a shirt or not). A good friend of mine is the same way. He is a brilliant brilliant investor worth many many many times what I will likely ever make in my lifetime, yet his office consists of a desk, 1 other employee (his accountant), and a computer from the 90s that he uses to play solitaire. I offered to get him a new one, but he declined because the one he has does everything he needs. My first reaction was horror, but after having thought about it a while, it makes sense. The guy has been doing this since before I was ever a thought in my parents head, and he is very successful, why change? Their traffic suggests that there are quite a few people that do. Does it really matter if they're forging the digg count for the ads? Please forgive my ignorance as I am not a frequent user of that website, but the ads aren't things that naturally get put on the page, are they? The amount of "diggs" that an ad has is irrelevant to its placement, no? So...who cares? This is a bit like getting angry about a diner claiming that their soup is "famous". No, sadly, I cannot. My suggestion would be to visit the website. If you do, it is pretty obvious that they're getting quite a bit of traffic. I did something very very similar. I lost about 50lbs in about 2 months by very VERY closely tracking what I was eating. I wrote a super simple little web form for myself to input what I had eaten, and how many calories were in it. There were no fancy graphs or anything like this appears to have, but it made me very aware how what was going into my body. What made it great was that it was accessible from my phone, from my friends phone, from my computer at work, etc. etc. etc. If you care (although I suspect that anybody here could recreate this in about 10 seconds), you can check it out here: http://www.gibsonandlily.com/getskinny Has anybody here ever heard of/used joe's datacenter? http://www.joesdatacenter.com/dedicated_server.php They offer some insanely cheap servers, which makes me pretty skeptical. Does anyone know anything about them? (I'm not affiliated with joes DC, but thinking about switching from slicehost) The term CEO has, largely, lost all of its meaning. CEO is a specific role within a company; it is not an umbrella term meaning "person in charge of things". It makes me cringe every time I turn on the television, read an article, or listen to somebody speak and hear the term CEO used to mean "person who isn't a cubical drone". This is especially true if you are the ONLY person in your company. Saying you are the chief executive officer at least implies that there are other officers. I was actually a bit dissatisfied with how slicehost (part of rackspace, or at least using their DC) handled this last night. If something like this goes down, I want to know what is up within minutes of it happening. At least a "Yeah, things are going wrong. It's our fault, not yours.". I checked slicehost's website but...nothing. The only way I even knew that others were having a problem was by checking twitter. Seriously, guys...one of the things behind the pane of glass that says "break in case of emergency" needs to a sheet of paper with big red bold letters on it that says "TELL THE CUSTOMERS WHAT IS HAPPENING RIGHT NOW! DO NOT WAIT!" /yeah, yeah, I'm over-reacting. It's just really frustrating to be completely in the dark when something goes wrong, even if it is only for a few minutes. Exactly. I liken in to twitter's failwhale. What it is telling you is that something has gone wrong, and that it has nothing to do with you . To: The profit mongering companies I believe the preferred nomenclature is "profiteering gluttons". Haha I did "The Hacker's Manifesto" for a speech contest in high school...it was just funny and a bit painful when that movie came out. I think it is more along the lines of people being afraid that their users might break copyright law. For instance: my website allows users to upload profile pictures. From the sound of this, if one of them were to upload a copyrighted picture, _I_ am liable. My website is small right now, so monitoring this is feasible...if it gets much larger, I would need to hire a team of people just to police it. Obviously, if somebody says "Hey, Ryan, user $foo has uloaded picture $bar, would you mind taking it down?" I will, but if this is the way boingboing is making it sound...it won't be that easy. On the stupid smirking idiot appearing in your emails: It's marketing. They don't understand that you don't give two shits how much smiling is going on in your email. The marketeers are used to doing mass marketing to people who want $300 workstations for their houses, not people interested in buying some server hardware that they'll hopefully never see after it goes into the rack. They don't get that no matter how many smiling guys in suits they put in your email, it isn't going to change the hardware your asking about. These people seriously believe that if they show you crappy hardware with a smiling silk-tie-guy, you'll be happy to buy it because the silk-tie-guy gives you a good feeling when you see it, and you associate that good feeling with the crappy hardware. Sorry, ranting; we just got a new batch of marketing drones at my job who want to spam the living-hell out of our customers with this sort of garbage. I've been arguing with them back and forth about it for the last few days and I'm not making any progress. Mine too. In fact, I think that there is even a filter for spamassassin that marks emails with embedded images as "spammy". Finally which social media portal is so elite, so stealthy that they have no fears at all? I don't know if you'd call us "elite", but we're still really small over here (full disclosure: this is my website) http://www.gibsonandlily.com (this is mostly just my friends and I along with a few people that jumped ship from reddit) Most of the articles are science and technology related, with a few funny, economic, and political things peppered in. We are nearing the point when computers will be mentally equal, if not superior, to humans. Not even remotely close. In fact, if we ever want to reach a point where computers are as intelligent as humans are, we are likely going to have to start from the ground up with the way we build processors. Our computers rely on precision, our brains rely on lack thereof. Our brains were "built" from the beginning to match fuzzy patterns. I look at a door and I know immediately that it is a door, even if I can only see part of it and have never seen one that looks anything like it before. Computers are terrible at this. We're getting sortof-kindof-maybe close by applying bayesian filters to images, but you're talking about rooms full of specialized hardware that cannot even compete with the brain of a mouse. Additionally, that which makes us intelligent (what a delightfully indescribable word that is) is partially our creativity; which is something that computers are absolutely incapable of in their current form. Sorry, but it is probably going to be a while before engineers, or architects, or programmers, or babysitters are replaced by any sort of "machine intelligence". uhh...the point is that whoever is running your network is going to come across your browsing history at some point and that they dont care. i run a squid box with dansguardian for content filtering and, sometimes, it blocks things it shouldnt (if it were my choice, nothing would be blocked). as part of diagnosing what is wrong, i have to look through the logs...which contain ip address. im not snooping, im just trying to fix it for you. Just to be clear, I am an admin and have never, ever disclosed any information I have come accross in log files to anyone other than the person in question's boss (and this is only with a written request approved by my boss). To be honest, I couldn't tell you the browsing habits of any of my users beyond hostnames and bandwidth logs from our firewAll. I suspect most admins Are the same way (at least I hope). The mainstream media is certainly not dying ; the newspapers, and the television, however are. People forget that a newspaper, or a magazine, or a television station aren't news sources; they're distribution systems. Every day, I wake up and read things from: The Times Online, New Scientist, Scientific American, Wired, The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, Foreign Policy, The Financial Times, and probably more. The paradigm might be changing shape, but it isn't going to be that different. Websites like this one become new-stands, and the distribution changes (from papers and trucks to packets and routers), but that is about it. I don't know so much that anybody should be calling themselves a reddit "expatriate". HN might service a slightly similar crowd, but reddit and hackernews are, to me, completely different types of websites. That said, I love this website; please leave any sort of memes, pun threads, sensationalized headlines, politics, or circlejerking self threads like this one at the door. They're doing it to increase adviews. Why not just put more ads on each page? At the point where the page would get split, just put an ad. In case you're wondering, I think you're being downmodded for using the term "internets". (It drives me nuts that when people downvote you, but don't give an explanation) Given your karma and how long you've been here, you should know better! FOR SHAME! A few days ago, somebody had a made some silly comment like this: "OMG She is t3h winrar of t3h intarnets!". Their point was that somebody had done something very noteworthy. It added nothing to the conversation and was exactly the type of thing I think we're talking about here. I did what I think this thread is asking me not to and responded with something like this: "Just so you know, you're being downmodded for using the word 'internets', people around here don't like that" (or something to that effect). My question is if this was the "wrong" thing to do? I was wrong, and the user I was responding to had been here for a long time, but I felt like it might have been helpful to inform new people that the sorts of things that are welcomed and encouraged on reddit, are not here. Is this thread encouraging us NOT to do stuff like that? Okay, thank you. Are you going to get angry with me if I advertise my website (which is kindof similar to reddit) on there? I would hardly say we're "competitors" since we do about 1500 impressions a day and you do about 5 Million, but here's to hoping. :) Serious question, though, would that be disallowed in any way? A good portion of communication in most animals is done visually. These visual cues do not transfer very well to text (okay, they don't transfer at all). The emoticon can be used to help. For instance: You're an idiot. Does not mean the same thing as: You're an idiot :) This is why emoticons are an important part of comments. They make them flow more like a conversation. This is a bit inflammatory... IT departments are trying to maximize aggregate efficiency across the organization (which includes themselves). While it might marginally increase productivity of office staff if they're allowed to choose whatever mail client they're used to, it is going to require a considerable investment in IT staff to support it. Please keep in mind that an office full of programmers is absolutely not the norm. While programmers and engineers might hate the evil IT department, most offices wouldn't be able to exist without their mean policies. Offices have existed for centuries without mean IT policies. Are you suggesting that we do away with computers in the workplace? Unfortunately, the IT systems that people use in their offices, and the people supporting said systems are compliments to one another. Credit to SSChicken who pointed this out in a reddit comment thread. Permalink to their commment: http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/a5osy/oh_apple_w... Well, it looks as though they have fixed it for now. Apple, this is depressing. Pretty pretty pretty please do. Arduinos are really fun. If you get one, get the ethernet module for it at well (or, in arduino parlance: the ethernet shield). Last night, I finally got my ethernet module working the way I wanted it to...it seriously felt like the first time I glanced into a compiler back before I was even a teenager...it was sooo fun. I'm sure I annoyed more than one of my friends emailing about it at 2:00am. :-P This is the project I was doing: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yMAunBsv3xA Seriously seriously seriously get one. They are a lot of fun :). This was another one I did: http://www.gibsonandlily.com/blog/permalink.cgi?blog_id=74 I commented below with a couple of projects I have done, but this would be my suggestion: Get an Arduino Get an ethernet shield for it Get an LCD screen Get some servos (or scavenge them from old RC stuff if you have it). Get LOTS of those little jumper wires, they're really helpful. That should be ~$100...and will keep you entertained for a while (at least it has me) :). Cool article about establishing relationships, but I have a question... I'm 22 right now and have no family; the idea of having a project that I can completely immerse myself in (the type of things I see being linked on this website almost constantly) is more than enticing. (edit: to clarify, there are projects of my own that I've immersed myself in. The enticing part is being around other people that feel the same way about it. Writing my little news aggregator website on the weekends, or making arduino projects in my kitchen is fun, but it would be great to be doing this [working on projects] full time.) To those who have had the privilege (and believe me, to the people on the outside looking in, it is a privilege ) of working in these types of environments, what is a realistic set of required skills and how did you gain them? I've been coding in perl and python since I was in about 14 or so and feel like I can accomplish pretty much any task I want in it, but I know that I'm nowhere near good enough to start applying for jobs as a programmer. To those working in this environment: how did you finally know you were good enough, and how did you get there? Wow, thanks for the confidence boost, Matt. :). I guess I'll have to start poking around for some freelance work, then. sweet as bro :p I'm sorry for the slightly off-top response, but what does "sweet as bro" mean? Is that some sort of slang that I am not familiar with? Gotcha, that's what I figured :) Thanks. One of the most depressing sights I see these days is lecture halls full of students on Facebook. Ettercap, there's a plugin for that. Well... I think the point would be to direct them at their school's library page or, at the very least, wikipedia. (Not that I ever did this). I'm not sure if you're trying to make a point here but yes, that is pretty readable and useful. $60 Billion!? That's a preposterous amount of money! No way a court will ever grant that sort of thing. /oh, wait. A lot of people seem to misunderstand what this is for. This isn't about breaking into your neighbor's wifi, this is about professional penetration testers more easily being able to crack wpa-psk. Spot on. One way of looking at this situation is that it is an investment. Yes, we have to spend some of our resources in getting these people together to talk, but the return on our investment (the resources saved as a result) is going to be maaany times greater. I would think investment is something that most people on this board would understand... I know that this wasn't your question, but I was having this same problem for a while... My wrists and arms hurt like hell while I was at work, it was really awful. I get made fun of for it now, but what I did was take two keyboards, and use one for each hand. Spreading my arms apart so that my wrists weren't cocked out really helped me...so much so that I've been able to go back to one keyboard (my trusty IBM model M). Think more about hugging your monitor than poking it in the stomach (if that makes any sense...I mean the orientation of your hands). The other thing that I did was replace my regular mouse with a trackball. (A kensington expert mouse [ http://blog.nongraphical.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/08/expe... ). I really enjoy coding...so it wasn't so much a "what else can I do" situation for me, it was a "how can I keep doing this". Please don't take offense to this, but what kind of shape are you in? I found that losing some weight really helped my back problems. Bad luck, then :(. Sorry to hear that... Are you in a position where money isn't playing a huge factor? Something that I have always had in the back of my head to do after I "retire" is to teach. Once you finish your degree (didn't see if you said post grad?) you'll be eligible to teach in some states (I know you can in IA if you have a Bachelor's in anything). Just want to stop by and say that I used this service back when jedberg was here talking about it (a month ago or so I think) and was really happy with it. I had some problems with their credit card processor and they (being reddit) responded to my emails withing a few minutes until we were both sure that everything was as it should be (this was impressive to me because I was spending such a small amount of money). That and it ended up costing me about $0.10 CPC - considerably less than I remember spending on google ads back when I tried them. The lottery system really scared me, but it ended up working out pretty well. I'd definitely recommend it to anybody else. People say that redditors are a terrible market to advertise to (they use adblock, etc.) but I disagree. I think they'd probably be a terrible audience to market to if you're selling teeth whitener or pyramid scheme "Google pays me $1000/hr from home!" things, but if you've got something useful to show them (like a webapp that they would like) then you're going to be buying a lot of eyeballs for not a lot of money. All-in-all try it out - I was really happy with it. Well, nobody would pay $20 per impression. It will go exactly as high as people are willing to pay for it. This link appears to no longer link to a relevant post :(... Forgive my ignorance (I live in the rather land-locked city of Phoenix), but can you simply anchor a boat out in the water and leave it there? Would you have to pay a monthly fee to the city or something like that? Hmm, okay that makes sense. $800/yr (if that is what he is paying) sounds totally worth it. Looking around a bit on google (daydreaming) it looks like it could cost anywhere from $1000-2000/yr depending on the size of the boat. Internet would be pretty easy to solve, 500ft out isn't that far at all for a PTP wifi link (although the boat moving around might cause some problems with that if you're doing directional stuff). There's also 3G stuff although I once had to spend a couple of weeks working over my AT&T 3g modem and it was almost completely worthless... /someday Somebody is asleep at the wheel at nytimes. The video that they linked to for "there's a map for that" is awful . Here is a better version: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YCbYTrYD5y8 I don't know how much AT&T's network "rocks". I have a blackberry bold and most calls get dropped at least once during my conversation (obviously this isn't true for calls that are The 3G coverage is also dreadful. The phone will say "3g", but will time out when opening webpages with the blackberry's browser, using google maps, or trying to run the blackberry twitter app. I get absolutely no service at my house. AT&T has been talking about a portable cell station that you can buy, then pay a monthly fee to use (wtf, at&t? You're going to offload traffic to my network connection at home, then charge me for the privilege of it?) for about a year now, but it hasn't materialized (if it has, I haven't seen it). I live in Phoenix, which is a pretty large city. I would understand these things if I lived in a small town, but i don't. AT&T's coverage and their unwillingness to admit that there is a problem and that they are fixing it is unacceptable. If it were $150 one-time I would buy one today. Sadly, they are not available in my area (from what the link you supplied says). Please forgive my ignorance as I am far from any sort of database guru, but...so what? Mysql does everything I want and probably more since, as I said, I am no guru; there are probably tons of things I would use and don't even know about. I very much doubt that sun plans to (or could) come banging down my door demanding that I pay them for a license or stop using their newly acquired software. I guess my point is that mysql does everything that I want. If nothing new comes out, this is not a big deal to me. If it turns out that there is some new feature that i want, and mysql doesn't have it, I will have to switch to a database that does . Could somebody explain why I should care about this? It seems like people are crying over spilled milk that hasn't even been spilled yet. "Oh no! There might be features that might have been developed for mysql at some point in the future that I might miss out on!" ? I almost stopped reading at that point... A very wise and extremely successful businessman I know has as one of the core values of his businesses that we DO NOT BAD MOUTH THE COMPETITION!. Employees caught spreading rumors about competitors are reprimanded. Why? Because it makes the business look insecure. Your goal should be to be so much better than your competitors that there is no need to even address the issue. Trash talking your competition might net you some really short-term users/customers...but if you're not actually better, this bump will be very short lived. I don't buy this. Well, to be more accurate, I believe what you're saying, but I don't believe that it is a valid excuse. Most of the functionality of these drones could be duplicated with nearly off-the-shelf hardware. (at least off-the-shelf for Boeing/Lockheed/General Dynamics/Raytheon/etc). I think your post got caught in some sort of time dilation field from the 80s or something... Radioshacks only sell cellphones (mostly) now. :( Don't mistake what I mean here, General Atomics should be embarassed about this whole entire ordeal... But. Is it really necessary that they encrypt the video streams? The people these aircraft are surveiling, for the most part, know of the plane's presence. Are they really gaining THAT much of an advantage of being able to see their own position? Beyond that--not to go into full tinfoil-hat mode, but maybe this non-encryption is intentional ? Letting the surveilled see SOME of the footage, then playing LOTS AND LOTS more would only serve to confuse/frighten them. Did anyone else get the notification that newscientist is about to start charing for articles? This was one of my favorite websites, but I doubt I'll actually subscribe to it. I might pick up a dead-tree copy at barnes and noble every once in a while; maybe that was their intention? /sorry for the threadjack. I started with a host called "kiloserv"...I haven't yet met anybody else who has heard of them (saw them in a sig on /.); they were fine for something that I wasn't too concerned about (all I really needed was an off network box for testing my network setup at work). Kiloserv was $10/mo for a VPS, it never went down on my in ~2yrs, and it worked... That said, the bandwidth didn't seem too special, the company had 0 support of any kind...didn't offer a console, or DNS hosting (that I know of), and on and on and on...they worked, but not for a business. After them, I switched to slicehost (per a recommendation here) and they were/are awesome . Totally professional, good bandwidth, $20/mo, everything I wanted. I recommend them 100% to anybody doing a semi-serious project. After a recent comparison here, it sounded like linode was also really really good, so I bought a VPS from them ($20/mo again) to use a development server/sandbox. The linode box seems to, honestly, be outperforming my VPS from slicehost with benchmarks on AB (although this could just be a slight disparity between my httpd.confs on the two boxes). Slicehost or Linode are outstanding +1 to them. My next box will probably be a colo'd box with prgmr. ($50 for 1u including power and bandwidth is really enticing to me). Slicehost/Linode are what I use right now... I disagree. People populate areas and the technology follows them, not the other way around. One example of this is a place my family has vacationed since I was an infant: Crosslake, MN. Crosslake started as a small, sleepy fishing town with gorgeous views, nice people, lots of fish, and lots of wilderness--basically heaven for a Minnesotan. Because it was heaven, people started moving there in droves and drove the property prices to absolutely absurd levels. It went from a place where your grandfather might own a little fishing cabin, to a place littered with multi-million dollar estates that have $250,000+ boats parked in front of them. This had nothing to do with technology. Only recently (within the last decade or so) has the town started getting "modern". This didn't prevent people from flocking there. The thing that more often than not that list of 'random' names isn't random. Exactly. For instance, my firewall is called "charon". Personification is a good thing and should be encouraged. It's easier to visualize things that way. From an inside-out perspective (people such as accountants who see everything but, for the most part, do not understand it), naming servers like $function_$row_$rack_$slot or whatever else makes sense...it will simplify things. The problem is that it simplifies things from an inventory perspective, not from a "I'm trying to visualize this so that it all works" perspective. Think about it like this: you have things in your kitchen, right? Say you have a toaster, a refrigerator, a mixer, and a microwave. You would NEVER call them things like "appliance_counter1_left", "appliance_floor_right" etc. This would be confusing. It is for this reason that humans give things names; toaster, refrigerator, and mixer are all names , they're just very common ones. To be honest, I am more interested in the production than I was in the movie. Maybe this means that Avatar was done well, but I wasn't terribly wowed by anything in it. Yes, it looked real, but...so do movies that have no CGI at all. I guess my point is that the back-end stuff from this movie is the interesting bit, so the PR is welcome. Who cares about the plot? It's beautiful. Amazingly, wonderfully, brilliantly beautiful. There is a wonderfully realistic, fully immersive, 3D environment right outside my office window right now, but I don't care. Want to know why? Because the plot is boring. I get out of my chair, walk to my car, go to the gas-station, and then go home to play with my dog and go to bed. The end. People go to movies because it is better than reality. Perhaps those who never leave their couch are wowed by images that look exactly like reality, but Avatar's visual effects wowed me only in a "well, it looks like they finally did it properly!" sense. No offense to anyone who worked on this film, it is a staggering technical achievement, but it doesn't really do anything that reality doesn't. /this might be due to my being a bit bitter that I can't see the 3D version due to my non-stereoscopic vision :(. No offense, but I'm betting there are plenty of boring old real things that you haven't seen yet and that most of them will blow your mind. If this is just me, please don't tell me--being wowed by the real world is awesome :). Microsoft is a company made of very smart people; they're not going to let one of their flagship products simply disappear. This is why you would likely have to "train" it. edit: here is a relevant link: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=40L3SGmcPDQ&feature=relat... They begin training it at about 13 minutes in. Or perhaps they have already been where we are and have moved past it realizing there's a better way to live. My trek knowlege is pretty poor, but I want to say this is the history of the Vulcan. They're extremely advanced technologically, but choose to live a simple life. Unlike the Na'vi, however, they don't shoot animals with neurotoxin-covered spears, growl at things that make them angry, or try to fight a war against people with guns using the aforementioned spears. The Vulcan are one of the most technologically advanced civilizations in The Federation. If the Na'vi were an advanced race that chose to live simply, dealing with the Humans wouldn't have been a problem for them. IT was a link to an iPhone app. The iPhone app appeared to just be large letters that said "no". I'm not entirely sure what the point of this is supposed to be. What is the point of your comment here? It looks like you got downvoted in the other thread because you were whining about something irrelevant. Forgive me if I'm misunderstanding parts of this, I am laying in bed right now going through my daily wind-down and slowly falling into "sleep mode". It sounds like one of your gripes is that the post about Copenhagen showed up on reddit, then immediately showed up here. This is not a valid complain, I'm sorry. Reddit and HN are completely different types of communities. To complain that a story appeared on reddit, then appeared here completely disregards the fact that many people that read HN no longer visit reddit. As far as the story you were whining about (and yes, you were whining), it absolutely is relevant to the HN community (at least from what I'm seen in the last 1.5 years or so here). HN seems to be comprised mostly of people who have a very strong interest in sciences of all kinds. This is why psychology, neuroscience, physics, chemistry, and computer science articles make the front page and that is why HN is seeing such a strong uptick in usership. Your comment was originally downmodded because it was contributing absolutely nothing to the discussion regardless of how many people responded to you (I'm talking about the one stating that the copenhagen story had already appeared on reddit). I guess to summarize: you were downmodded because your comment, which contributed nothing to the discussion, pointed out something that most people found completely irrelevant. What you saw was the moderation system working perfectly. I'm sorry, but I just cannot get excited about an Apple tablet. I have a feeling that it is going to be like a macbook air without the keyboard: absurdly expensive, not all that useful, and replaceable with things in the PC world that are better and cheaper. Apple got lucky with the iPod in that they were the first company to do it right . They carried this success into the iPhone, but their iPhone success is starting to wane in light of the Android. I think that an Apple tablet is going to combine all of the things that I hate about the MBA with all of the things that I hate about the iPhone (appstore nonsense, restricting apps like spotify or anything with similar functionality). Good luck to you, Apple, but I don't see this succeeding. edit: I was mistaken about spotify, that is not available in the US at all. The point was that I was trying to find a subscription music service for the iPhone and couldn't. The general consensus among the people doing the same was that Apple won't allow it. But do you honestly thing 99% of Apple's customers care about, or even understand, the concerns you have? Yes, I do. What will the Apple tablet be competing against? It's the MBA all over again. Unless Apple makes a drastic change in their pricing philosophy, this simply will not be something I see most consumers justifying. Haha, no not trolling. Maybe things are different here, then? I'm in Phoenix and there are Android billboards/advertisements everywhere . One of the more brilliant ones was something I saw in a mall: it was a multitouch surface mounted in a poster-space running a game; kids were lined up to play it. People are genuinely, organically (as in not prompted by a billboard they just drove post) talking about the Android. Cellphones are something that falls under my umbrella of responsibility at work and I have had several people jokingly beg me to lobby for us to switch from AT&T to verizon so they can get droids. Also, on spotify: are you in the US? I was trying to find my little sister a subscription-based music service she could use on her iPhone and couldn't. I think I may have achieved a stable orbit around the planet with the red water. Fun game! (Vid is NSFW) Please pardon my ignorance, but why would Apple buy netflix? It doesn't really fit with their brand. (This is an opinion) The wolf does not appear to be casting a shadow even though the people do... Because of the internet. It makes it a lot harder to be crazy when accounts, pictures, and videos are going to show up online. Yeah, go back and watch the previews for it...I think there was a lot of footage that got cut. hundreds of thousands or millions. Are they telemarketing to a planet that I don't know about? Wouldn't that be hundreds of billions? Are they buying lots of duplicates or something like that, then combining all the info themselves? This is crazy. This is embarrassing.’. . . I said, ‘Give us the algorithms that allowed you to come up with this stuff.’ They wouldn’t even do that. And I was screaming, ‘You gave these people fucking money?’ That pretty much sums it up perfectly. I think part of the problem that allows things like this to happen is that, to some people, computers are magic. They don't understand how they work and feeding Al Jazeera video feed through a computer program and having it spit out terrorist plots sounds almost feasible. /facepalm oops. I don't think his goal is to be "readable". I feel like the way the TSA is responding to all of this should be familiar to anybody that has ever worked in IT. It's a lot like the people who refuse to use OSS software (with some exceptions like redhat) because it doesn't come with a service contract; when something goes wrong, there is nothing to point at and go "See! We did everything we should have to prevent this!" The TSA doesn't want to look like a bunch of idiots if something like this happens again because they did nothing to prevent it. With this, they're doing something and people, on some level, like it or are at least comforted by it. Not so fast... Some of the people criticizing the TSA (like Bruce Schneier) are absolutely experts on security. You're also right, the analogy of IT vs the users is a valid one. In this case, the IT department has told the users that they are no longer allowed to browse the web between the hours of 3:30 and 3:38 because it was during this time that somebody downloaded and installed a virus. Instead of actually addressing the root of the problem (our users can download and install viruses), the IT department has put a band-aid over it so that they can say that it has been fixed. Maybe it will be in a few years when my generation has supplanted the current generation of decision-makers, but not now. A short story: My company has recently taken a liking to buying lots of netbooks for our roadwarriors. This is...fine, I guess. In my ideal world, they would all be running a stripped down linux distro with fvwm, thunderbird, firefox, and tn5250 (damn you, IBM)...but this is how the conversation went when I brought it up. "Well...", the boss says apprehensively "I don't think so, they're not really familiar with that so let's just stay with what we've got" "But there won't be anything different! I will make it look and feel exactly like what they're already used to. It will be faster, easier for me to fix when they're on the road and just simply better in every single conceivable way!" "No...just leave what's on there on there." "Fine...are they going to need MS office?" "Yeah" "Okay, you know that the license for that is like $300, right?" "WHAT!?" "Yeah, $300...as in more than we're actually paying for the netbook. Can I just give them thunderbird for mail and openoffice for office?" "How much does it cost?" "It's free." "Free? Yeeeaaaaahhhhh....I don't think so." /me facepalm "Boss, do you understand that our mailserver, our fileserver, our firewall, our DNS server, our webserver, our database server, our VPN, and just about everything else other than the iSeries are all running on free software?" "Just get office" ----- So what is my point with recounting this little conversation I had? Openoffice might be a threat in the "college student looking for something to write papers with" market, but it isn't going to be a threat in the corporate world until it costs almost as much as MS office and changes its name. People who don't know anything about a product will just look to the price. "This burger from McDonalds costs $1.29...the one from Applebees costs $12.99...the one from Applebees is surely better." and so-forth. I really wish there was a version of OO that I could buy for $150...then I would finally get to start using it and wouldn't have to deal with Outhouse anymore. If you want a girl like you; make her smile. Yes, and if you want to win a race, simply go faster. If you want to get a home run, simply hit the ball harder. If you want to be a better programmer, just write better code. If you want to make your startup succeed, just get more users. If you want to make your dog start behaving, just train it. and on and on and on. Things like reddit or HN (or my own website) sound like they could be applied to this. Submit each proposal as a story, then allow people to vote on it, comment on it, etc. etc. I'll sell my site to the UK government for £1 million! Seems really snappy to me...I'm in Phoenix on Verizon. I looked for a decently large file to download from their site, but couldn't find one. Granted, I'm used to dealing with VPS hosts like linode and slicehost; maybe offering something like that isn't customary for hosts like this. Watching the TSA squirm over these millimeter scanners is almost entertaining. They want to do a full body scan, but...err..they have to blur genitals, so you could hide something in your groin region. They want to scan everybody, but...err...not people under 18, so you could hide something on a kid. So what do we end up with? We end up with what is, in my opinion, one of the most disgusting invasions of my privacy I could have even imagined and we're not even really benefiting from it because we're so concerned about being immoral (while taking what equates to naked photos of everyone) that we cut some huge massive holes in our security wall. Awesome. To me, this feels like a boss that screams up and down about security, then insists that his workstation be able to bypass all of it. http://www.gibsonandlily.com It is a place for me to play with python :). I'd say that for HN, absolutely not. One of the problems that I have with most moderation systems (reddit, digg, HN, etc.) is that everybody has got unlimited mod-power. I can only speak for myself, but when I get slashdot moderator points, I make sure that I use them correctly; it feels like a privilege to get them. Now, I don't think that that is the best way of doing things, but I think it is good. The way I did it on my website (which is small, so I haven't really gotten to see if it works or not) is that you have to earn your mod points by submitting things and then having others upvote them. Points also expire after 24 hours. To me, encouraging your friends to upvote your stories is okay with my mod system because if they upvote on thing, it means that they can't upvote another. I guess what I'm saying is yes , it is bad...but only because you don't lose anything by upvoting something. If mod points were limited, I don't see a problem with it, at least not as much of a problem...it would be a bit like encouraging your friends to use a product that you make, but still charging them for it. (my website is: http://www.gibsonandlily.com if you want to see the mod-system I'm talking about). Thanks :). Now if only I can figure out how to get people to actually use it, haha. I don't think that there is a perfect if/then way of solving this issue...this is why we have humans doing the moderating ;-). I don't run linux on my desktop because windows XP really does just work for me. I know the evangelists really hate to hear this, but I'm currently sitting in my conference room watching a DVD on our projector (I didn't even have to screw with xorg.conf to get the second monitor that windows treats the projector as working!), with a couple of sessions of putty running into linux boxes. I wouldn't run linux on my desktop for the same reason I wouldn't run windows on my DNS server: it's just the wrong tool for the job. (I wrote a blog about this here: http://newslily.com/blog/permalink.cgi?blog_id=77 if anyone is interested) Also Google's privacy invasions including Eric Schmidt's dismissal of the notion that people have a right to privacy. I'm sorry, but I understood his comment on this to mean "You can't put stuff on a server you don't own without...putting stuff on a server you don't own". I wouldn't lump Google in with Apple at all...google, at least to me, still isn't doing any evil. Apple on the other hand leaves me speechless. I think there are a enough programming articles here that it will keep most of the mouth-foaming politics-fans away. At least I hope. twitter seems like it could be useful for this: "At purgatory, snow is AWESOME!" "park city snow is SHIT today!" "ahhh #snowbowl, when are you going to get freaking snow machines already!" etc. etc. Why on earth is this comment being downmodded? Netscan makes a completely valid point. What China should, in my opinion, do is slowly phase google out; throttle traffic to google's servers and then release some news articles with false statements from google that they can't support the traffic. Getting the people of China to willfully abandon Google would be good in the eyes of the Chinese government. It pains me to admit this, but I think that there are considerably more people who care about Brittany Murphy dying than care about this. I suggest that you, instead, just subscribe to some RSS feeds. Does grooveshark pay royalties to companies other than EMI? From poking around their website, it looks as though a few college friends got together and decided to make a business out of blatantly ignoring music copyrights. I'm sorry, I hate the RIAA as much as anybody else, but I have a tought time feeling bad for grooveshark. The dads are probably all child molesters anyway. What possible reason could a grown man have to spend time with a child other than to sexually abuse them? In fact, we should probably take their own children away from them. /'tis a sad world we live in :(. Maybe somewhere there's a guy calling himself the greatest programmer in the world, but he can't answer any interview questions because it's all classified. The government seems to hire a LOT of these people; I meet them all the time. When searching Google Australia for [Aboriginal and Encyclopedia], there will be a disclaimer at the bottom reading “In response to a legal request submitted to Google, we have removed 1 result(s)... If you go here: http://www.google.com.au/search?hl=en&q=aboriginal+encyc... You will see no such warning. (At least I didn't) The biggest asset that you have and the one that can create the most money for you is yourself. Yeah, that sounds really cheesy, but you've already showed that it's true. Invest the money in yourself. Bank it and use it so that you can ensure that you aren't going to need to spend your time making somebody else money in the future. Some people have said to invest it in companies...the thing is that you are a company and it sounds like you're a pretty profitable one. I don't think so... I think the future of work is going to be ~10 work days, 6 days a week, and minimal benefits. The problem is that there are SOO many qualified people out there and not enough jobs for them. It's an employers market; they can make ridiculous demands, and people will show up to meet them because they have to. Look at movies like "Up in the Air"...there really are people that live their lives in airports and hotels. Yes, to the extent that the person in the movie did. This sort of thing is becoming the norm. In case you haven't seen the movie: it is about a guy who spends something like 300 days per year on the road. No, I guess I should have said "This is becoming the norm for me, for nearly everybody that I know, and for nearly everybody that they talk about.". Your insular social circle is abnormal. You say this based on what? Do you have links to studies or reports on jobs, travel, time on the road? This is something that really irks me about online discussions; we're not having a formal debate here, not passing policies, we're having an informal conversation about jobs. I gave an opinion and stated it as such...yet my opinion isn't valid because I don't have research data to back it up? A simple google search shows that my opinion is valid...Americans are working more hours per capita than they ever have before and this is a trend that is alarming (or at least interesting) to some people (like me). Here is one such article: http://online.wsj.com/article/0,,SB108924985484258191,00.htm... If you don't have an online presence, it must mean you have something to hide... If you look at their "products": http://www.rapleaf.com/products They're basically a data-mining company... I don't know...maybe the program was a test to see how the girl would react? I know that if I did something like this and the person I sent it to reacted with "meh, that's cool", it would mean to me to stay the hell away from them, or at least keep them at arms length. I think this is really, really cool. A friend of mine and I used to do this with each other; make puzzles and things and then trade them. It was really fun, and a really cool way of teaching each other new things we had learned. Exactly. The very sad reality is that humans really just were not meant to fly; we're too heavy. Luckily for us, we're smart enough to burn some hydrocarbons and lift our heave bodies off of the ground. Artificially limiting this ability using batteries is just silly. If the tech was practical (it isn't right now) or if this project was about developing batteries (it doesn't sound like it is) then fine, but can we pretty please see a gas version? everyone should be forced to support this company They're not trying to force anybody to support them. They're changing their business model in order to allow their customers to support them. Nobody is forcing you to read NYT, if you don't want to pay, don't read it. (I probably won't be paying, and I disagree with this, but it is their company to do with what they please) Do you run newsvine, then? Love your site :) I'm pretty partial to this one: http://newslily.com/default.jpg (It's called default because it used to be the placeholder photo on my website for people who hadn't uploaded a profile pic. I don't know who originally took it, or how to ask them for permission to use it, so I replaced it with something else. I keep it around because it's really funny though) >| How many of your average computers users really care about that? I'm sorry, but this is a terrible argument. None of my users care about having root on our file server either, but if I didn't have it, it wouldn't be useful as anything more than a very expensive paperweight. Most readers probably don't care if the authors have access to a typewriter, but they depend on that to be able to read books. Similarly, most iPad users won't care about having root on the thing, but they shouldn't . They people that do care about this are the developers, and the work of the developers becomes the tool of the masses. The complaint about this thing not being open is that apple is restricting what sorts of tools can be made. While the end-user might not care about the specific mechanism of restriction, they do feel its effects. >| There are SSH programs for the iPhone; there will be similarly useful utilities built for the iPad too. The idea of typing shell commands on a touchpad makes me cringe...do people really do this? Am I buying this device from apple, or am I licensing it? Why on Earth should I have to pay $99/year fee to run code on my own device ? Actually flagging stories is supposed to be for reporting spam, not for saying that you disapprove of them. Huffington post does the same thing with their article headlines. Users are always copy/pasting them into the story submission fields on a website I run. It's very very annoying. People had these computers for reasons other than to tinker . The example given in TFS is about a dad using a machine as a wordprocessor. I have an arduino board because I grew up tinkering and the arduino lets me relive the late nights spent up learning, but they are not something that anybody who isn't already a tinkerer will buy. I think the difference is that while there have been some smaller, less obvious things that you have been locked out of (gaming consoles, for instance) Apple has come out with what will be the future of computing, and they have blatantly said "This is ours, don't touch it. If you do, we will sue." >|Answer this: You have somehow given a completely unlocked iPad to a child that will run any unsigned executable. >|How are they going to figure out that they can hack its guts? I have no idae, I think the point is that they can't. >|Now answer this: You have given a child a personal computer running Windows 7 or OS X 10.6. >|How are they going to figure out that they can hack its guts? http://www.python.org/download/ http://www.gentoo.org/main/en/where.xml http://openbsd.org/ftp.html http://gcc.gnu.org/ http://docs.python.org/tutorial/ http://www.cplusplus.com/doc/tutorial/ The list goes on and on and on and on and on and on of things that I can do on my PC that I will not be able to do on an iPad. If the iPad philosophy becomes the norm (which it probably will) we're boned. Apple has set a precedent here. They have said "It's okay to release a PC, then totally limit what software can even be installed on it. It's ours, you're just licensing it and that is fine.". Other manufacturers are going to take note. I'm trying to find a way of buying this article, but can't :(. New Scientist used to be one of my favorite online magazines...is my only option if I'm looking to continue reading it to subscribe to the dead tree version? (If I'm the only one seeing this, it doesn't give me the full article, it prompts me to log in to view the rest. [I'm assuming the article is longer than 3 paragraphs]) There was a thread on there a while ago where some admins answered questions. They said that it was. Storing the username and password in the cookie is completely ridiculous, but I just want to point out that it doesn't appear as though twitter itself uses SSL either. Unless I'm completely missing something, neither does facebook, or reddit, or hacker news, or really any other website other than my bank. edit: I had a complete lapse of thinking here and am totally wrong about this. There are still lots of websites that do not use SSL, but twitter and facebook are not among them, nevermind. It doesn't look like reddit or hacker news do. reddit: HN: "Perpetual Motion" is a bit of a misnomer. The term should be "perpetual force". If it were "perpetual motion", then everything would constantly be in relative perpetual motion until death of the universe. For example: despite me sitting motionless relative to my computer, I am moving relative to the moon, or the sun, or pretty much everything else in the universe. This really contributes a lot to the discussion, thanks. Not to mention the courtesy of not promoting competitors products in one vendor's own turf. It's weird, I thought that once I purchased a phone, the phone became my turf. Kindof...blackberries proxy all of their web traffic through RIM. One of the reasons (I think) why they do this is so that they can compress images. How do you suggest places like the Wall Street Journal continue to fund themselves? My current model M is going to turn 23 in April...I suspect that it will live to see 45. These fine folks: http://www.clickykeyboards.com/index.cfm/fa/categories.main/... Sell what you need. The regular passive USB/PS2 adapters that you can get at best buy won't work. Don't be so quick to assume that youtube is losing money. Most of the analysis (and by that I mean guesses) of their financials assume that they're spending gargantuan amounts of money on bandwidth. What the people making these [un]educated guesses seem to ignore is that google is effectively a tier 1 bandwidth provider. It's very likely that they're paying little to nothing for bandwidth. This is, of course, also just a huge guess. Isn't it a bit incorrect (or at least irrelevant) to say that the robot is running Ubuntu? Maybe things have changed drastically in the last few years, but the last time I checked, Ubuntu was a pretty installer and package manager for gnu/linux. Uhh...which laptops have a recording light on them? Mine certainly does not. Before the theories start going too crazy, I'm going to venture a guess that this has to do with their datacenters. Didn't google build a hydroelectric dam somewhere in the northwest to power one? I'm guessing they're just looking to sell off the excess energy they're producing at places like that, I doubt they're looking to become your utility company. I'd really love to read this article, but this: http://i.imgur.com/JYdzS.png is what I see on my screen. I feel like I have to navigate some sort of maze with my mouse just to get the text :(. You know what I was doing when I was seven? Catching salamanders. Maybe your 7 year old daughter should be doing something other than watching youtube videos about creating website mockups. I'm all for involving your kids, and that is awesome, but it is a Saturday night, and it's rapidly becoming spring. Take your daughter out and do something fun with her. Aha, you think it's EASY don't you! Oh yes, anyone can be Nirvana if they grow their hair long huh? Don't be silly. If you honestly think that the same amount of time expenditure that goes into creating a video game goes into creating an album, you're insane . Look at how many albums are released every year compared to albums. Do you think this is because people don't want to make games? Whoa, I really apologize if I came across as harsh there, I seriously didn't mean any offense, just that at 7 years old, I wouldn't have even known how to process a youtube video, or what a wireframe even was . I guess my point was that I doubt the creator of this video ever imagined that a seven year old would be watching it, so it's a bit silly to get mad about the content of it. Also, when I made the comment I had just gotten inside from having my four year old niece help me tune up my bikes...it was really more of "hey, playing with little kids is really fun and everybody should go do it", not "GRR YOU ARE T3H SUX-ZORE!". Sorry, that came across wrong and I apologize; my bad. Do most professional programmers not ever work on personal projects? Think about what would happen if I were to donate a pallet of laptops to my niece's school, and then one of the parents accused me of spying on their kids through the camera. My house would be raided by a SWAT team and everything electronic in it would be taken...TVs hard-drives, computers, computer monitors, networking equipment, routers, servers, camera equipment, everything . The fact that this isn't happening to the school administrators is hideous. Not only did they admit that what they're being accused of is possible, they demonstrated it! Why, that's pretty impressive. It's too bad they don't offer VPS, :(. Are you the duckduckgo founder? I just wanted to say that I absolutely love your search engine. Really really good job on that. $800,000 per unit. They hope to get it to ~$3000 in the next 5 years. I think the box has to get heated to (or is heated to as part of the process) about 1000C. Here is another article about them: http://www.fastcompany.com/1557348/bloombox-bloom-box-fuel-c... It doesn't really look like there are any advertisements on the linked page, so I'm unsure of how this is "SPAMMING.". Is it really that much work to just not read the article? I love reading about reprap, and I think a lot of other HN readers do too. I think people are being a bit harder on this comment than they should be. It is phrased horribly, but I think jrockway might be making a valid point here. Reddit still exists, but in name only. The site from even a year ago is dead and I think most of those users have left. This isn't necessarily a bad thing for reddit...their pageviews are way up and they're seeing some growing pains, which is a great problem to have :). Maybe he "doesn't want to spend the rest of his life explainin' shit to people". I agree. In fact, I love this type of advertising. It made me laugh, I enjoyed it, and I even shared it with my friends. It's a win for me and a win for them. A lot of the newer infinitis are like this. In fact, a lot of new cars in general are like this, which I find absurdly annoying. I sortof like the idea of this website, but I cannot for the life of me figure out how to use it. Maybe I'm missing the point? It's for tracking how much you eat and work out, right? >Caloric deficits don't work well for long term weight loss because the body has a tendency to move towards homeostasis. Can you cite this? I've lost a lot of weight and kept all of it off by really really drastically cutting my caloric intake. This is something that I've never gotten: if your body could do the same work as it does with 3000 calories but only use 500, why wouldn't it do that all the time? One of the most amazing thing about this interview is just how well composed Mike Wallace is. Wow...I wish there were still people like this on television. I really don't understand this sentiment. If you don't like the ads, stop using the site. There is a coffee shop in Tempe, AZ that I very very rarely go to. Why? Because the wifi there is horrible. It's slow; there are too many people there using pandora and not enough bandwidth to go around. Would it be appropriate for me to whine about this while continuing to go there? When using a website (or any service) you are basically choosing to endure a bit of inconvenience (spending money, or viewing ads) in exchange for something you want (coffee, content). I get that people want to skip the first part, but I don't get how they think that could ever work. Hmm...forgive me as I am not a professional coder, and only dream about working in this sort of an environment, but.. Wouldn't you want to go in to the office pretty often? If your goal is getting things done, and going to the office to meet with your team is the best way of realizing that goal, then wouldn't employees come in as needed naturally? It's about $25 Million a year. Fantastic point. In terms of scaling, how much larger is twitter than twitpic? $160 Million larger? Won't a stuck accelerator pedal also be remedied by simply pressing the brakes or shifting into neutral? the person was too panicked to do so. Not to sound like a jerk, but if you're too panicked to do this, maybe you shouldn't be piloting a several thousand pound piece of steel around... Also, this supports my belief that every driver should have to know how to drive a vehicle with a manual-shift gearbox. Shifting into neutral would probably happen without much of a second thought for somebody who normally drives a stickshift. is it really even possible to do something like that? Am I not seeing something? Is there documentation for this anywhere? Do I have to screen-scrape the window or is there an API for this? This sort of complaint is common to both web designers and programmers. The problem is that most people don't know anything about design/programming, and so they don't understand that it takes a lot of time to do. Show somebody a patio that you built. They'll be able to see all the pieces, and how heavy they are, and how they all have to fit together just so ; they'll be able to comprehend that it takes a lot of time to move all of those pieces around and make them fit together. Show somebody the black box that is a website, or a computer program, however, and they can't even see the pieces, much less understand how they fit together, or how complicated they are. I'm a sys-admin, not a programmer...for me, the "OMFG THE COMPUTERS ARE ON FUCKING FIRE!!!!!!!" emails, which are always CC'd to at least 10 people, end up being something stupid like "Reset your password...that box, the one that keeps popping up telling you that you need to reset your password, what it generally means is that your password has expired and that YOU NEED TO RESET IT!" My favorite is when a printer runs out of toner and I get an email saying "Help!" (which I loathe ) "we're all 'down' over here and can't get anything! HELP! SORRY FOR BUGGING YOU!" This drives me insane because: A) Stop using "help", you're not 6 years old, you haven't fallen down a well B) You know how to change the toner, there is a stack of toners sitting right next to your printer. C) You're not "down", "everyone" is not "down"... you specifically cannot print, the printer is telling you that you can't print, and it's even telling you how to fix the problem, just LOOK AT IT! D) Saying "sorry for bugging you" has got to be one of the most obnoxious things you could even possibly say. Stop. If you need something, just ask for it. Comic related: http://newslily.com/comics/17 Also, in some ways this: http://newslily.com/comics/24 At least you get the descriptive "internet". Lots of times I just get "I'm locked up"... My favorite "I'm locked up" is when somebody else logs on to the workstation that the user normally uses. "Locked up" means "there is a different user name in the user name field that mine!". Another favorite is when a user types their password wrong enough times on our iSeries system. It does something called "varying off" (disabling the terminal until I re-enable it)...so they keep trying... at all the rest of the terminals . Pretty effective denial of service attack if you ask me! I remember one user who was furious with me because he had worked for the company for over a year, and WHY THE HELL HADN'T I SET HIM UP WITH AN EMAIL!!!?!?! I had...the trouble was that he had to click the icon (which is on his desktop, and on his start menu) labeled "email". Oh joy! Also, don't get me wrong, I love my job :), sometimes the users screw up, but it's generally pretty low-impact :). Here's something really cool about this: if you click the "crowd" icon (which is next to the links in the feed view), it will save the link, if you point an RSS reader at: http://newsyndicated.com/r/$your_username you will get an RSS feed of links that you have "Favorited". for instance, here is a feed of me: http://newsyndicated.com/r/Ryan I made this because I found that I was bouncing around the same handful of sites every day...and because I wanted a new side project to work on. I hope you like it :). Thanks for pointing that out...fixed it :). http://newsyndicated.com/embiggen.cgi Do you think I could get a tech crunch article out of this? edit: (I misread the joke, nevermind) re-edit: (Added support for saving messages..I wonder if twitter would buy this from me for a million dollars?) What do you do? The unfortunate reality is that this is a great way to make it onto your boss's shit list. This might not be a big deal for some rock-star, well known developers around here who have head-hunters beating their door down offering them truckloads full of money and a job in San Francisco, but for those of us who are the norm, we actually need to try and stay employed. I'm in the same exact boat. Every single time I've ever taken vacation, I have a blackberry tethered to my laptop and am helping people over the VPN. I am the sole tech for a company that has three offices spread across two states, and about 100 office workers...I also do all the ad design for any marketing things we do...what this means is that I'm the sys admin, the in-house developer, the desktop support guy, the creative director, and the graphic designer. Despite this, I get the feeling that my company is just itching to replace with me a recently unemployed best-buy geek squad employee who will work for half of my salary. Grr..sorry, now I'm getting a bit rambly, but sometimes I get the feeling that nobody at my office really even knows what I do here. Everything works, and there are rarely ever any problems that take more than a few minutes to fix. My point is that I hear this sort of advice all the time "Bah! Just leave your work at the door! They'll get the message!" Really? Cause the last time I was on vacation somebody let some people into my machine room who weren't supposed to be there...do you know what they did? They unplugged my mailserver...just unplugged it! (To their defense, they needed to charge their ipod, and the sign on the door that says "If you're name isn't Ryan you are definitely not supposed to be in here" obviously didn't mean them) Awesome! So what do I say? "Sorry, folks, looks like nobody is going to have any email for the next two weeks until I get back! Bah I'm on vacation, figure it out yourselves!" Do you think my job would still be there when I got back if I had done that? (This isn't as much of a problem now because I bought a serial terminal with a modem in it for when things go horribly wrong). During the same vacation, the phone system "went down"...verizon was doing some work up the street, and our voice T1 died...should I have just ignored my cell phone and told them to figure it out themselves? ("Uhh...what's a circuit ID? Errr...dmarc?") To be clear, I'm not complaining about my job...I love it and I love the freedom that it has given me to learn a lot of new technologies that I had never even seen before. My point is that your advice of "don't make yourself available" is absolutely horrible. Ahh...sorry :(, I submitted this from my RSS reader site...the domain should be fast company, not google. Fast company uses feedproxy.google for their RSS feed... Sorry. Agreed. I think there has been a mass exodus from reddit in the last few weeks. The quality of content there has gone down, and the quality of content here has slid as well as reddit's users bring their brand of news to the site. Ack, the guy either lied to you or you were at the wrong bike shop. Try and find one with some higher-end mountain bikes and they'll definitely have spokes. Most of them don't use Google at all. Google's chinese marketshare disagrees with you: http://gs.statcounter.com/press I had a similar thing happen (having to recover from a very very stupid mistake), I hadn't deleted everything, but I had moved the entire tree into /var/www (oops) This is an profanity-laden blog I wrote immediately after I figured out how to fix it and got everything back up and running: http://newslily.com/blogs/94 (I'll be the first to admit that I sound like an obnoxious teenager in this blog, and that some of the things that I tried to fix it were very naive...it was a few years ago that it happened and as stupid as it is to admit, trying to get everything back up and running made my adrenaline pump pretty hard, so...I apologize in advance...) To be fair: you had this happen on a piece of consumer hardware which can boot off of any of several dozen live CDs or USB drives, available off the internet at megabit speeds using one of the (no doubt) several other pieces of consumer hardware you have in arms reach. I wish! This was done on a VPS located god knows where and run by a company that was owned by people who didn't seem to speak any English. I remember emailing them and asking them if they could just move my dirs back using a chroot, but they had no clue what I was talking about. If I had allowed my SSH session to time out, I would have most-certainly lost the server and everything on it. I have since switched to a combination of slicehost and linode. I was being incredibly lazy and did the following: pscp *.jpg root@gibsonandlily.com:/ This was monumentally stupid, I know. Looking on the bright side of things, however, I learned my lesson :). Absolutely, and I didn't say that switching VPS providers was a replacement for backups (the linode and slicehost boxes now trade rsyncs every night which include mysqldumps). My point was that I think if a similar thing happened now , that the fine folks at either provider would be more able to help me out. Even still, I would much rather be able to just mv the dirs back to their proper location from a chroot than having to do a restore from scratch over the network. Is this person spamming? Flamming? Being somehow inappropriate? Guys, there is absolutely no reason that this comment should be at -4 (other than the caps at the end). Siculars is making a semi-valid point. Content publishes do want the internet to be static in the way that books are. They want you to go to facebook and see it exactly as they have laid it out and they want you to see it in this fashion because it is good for them . Please, let's not try and suppress comments just because we don't agree with them. That's inappropriate and, really, pretty juvenile. Sicular, you make a good point, but I probably would have left that adaptation of "First the came" off. In addition, I think that 100% flash websites are becoming less common (the only one I can think of right now is grooveshark, and I'm not entirely sure that that is all flash). To me, the 100% flash stuff was all about "what you see is what you get", so seeing it go away is good :). I think we might see a resurgence of this when the iPad starts gaining popularity. A lot of publishers are very intrigued by the idea of a static medium for their designers to work on. It should be interesting to watch. The poem is about allowing incremental changes because they don't directly effect you; the poem itself has absolutely nothing to do with the Nazis or German intellectuals, or the genocide. The poem uses what was currently happening around its author to demonstrate his point. This is the essence of art. > shameless plug as I don't want to post a message just to say this, but isn't HN too slow lately? I'm at the point that I visit the site less often than I was used to do as I don't want to experience the delay. I've noticed that loading my comment and submission history is really slow, but loading everything else is as snappy as it's ever been. I have a feeling that the front-page and comments get heavily cached, while our comment and submission history does not.