What about Atom? Isn't it better than RSS? "The compiler did not have a bug. The compiler never had a bug. The bug was always in the programmer's code and usually in their understanding of the language... It was caused by a misunderstanding of the way arguments to unprototyped functions were automatically promoted..." - I'd say the bug is neither in the compiler nor in their understanding of the language but in the language itself then. Why on Earth do we need a language that we can't use safely without "understanding of the way arguments to unprototyped functions are automatically promoted"? IMHO the number-one principle to be followed in every sane language design is the "principle of least surprise" (POLA). If the language can surprise you easily and lets you write weird code that is going to work a way different from what one will probably assume intuitively - that's a language made wrong. Who needs Google when thee is DuckDuckGo anyway? Switched to DuckDuckGo (after getting mad of Google demanding me to solve captchas all the time) about a year ago... 100% satisfied. Whether it's about a student loan or some other kind ow loan, how exactly are people supposed to pay with their professional licenses suspended? Isn't this policy purely nonsensical? Doesn't suspending such a license in such a case mean preventing the person from ever repaying the debt actually? Isn't it in the best interests of a creditor to help their debtors earn money rather than to prevent them from earning? Thanks. This way it makes at least some sense. But isn't it a way too brutal and still a way irrational from the society point of view? Effectively ridding a skilled person of a life, setting them broke and probably homeless as the result at the same time while funding other peoples welfare and undertaking all kinds of efforts to solve homelessness and joblessness problems on the other hand? I believe that legal barriers restricting qualified people's working rights are the next big thing ought to be abolished after slavery has been. Hopefully in future every person that actually can and wants to do a job will be legally allowed to apply, no matter what. Are current Intel GPUs really this bad? What are the app stores other than Apple? I didn't know they can block an app from Google Play for a particular country. Used to think it's an Apple-specific antifeature. The whole phenomenon of sugar and fructose being added to virtually everything is beyond comprehension. There are so many people, fat and slim, saying they don't want to be fat, yet eating foods with added sugar every day. Why not just replace all the added sugar with erythritol, for example? The whole situation with sugar reminds me of the situation with opium in early 19th century China How are these compared to Purism? I have always been curious if all the people saying they don't like 3D actually experience the discomfort they describe or just want to look fancy like old wine geeks. I myself have watched just 2 movies in 3D: Avatar and Resident Evil: Afterlife - both of them looked visually awesome and caused absolutely no discomfort to me. I would certainly love to watch Interstellar and Blade Runner 2049 in 3D, that's a huge pity that's not possible. IMHO all the people who claim having intelligence and education sufficient for a finance job should be able to use at least basic SQL and/or R and/or Q to work with up-to-date information straight from the databases without importing it to a spreadsheet first. Perhaps I am terribly wrong but my intuition suggests entrusting a company finance to a person unable to learn some SQL/R may happen to be a questionable idea. "Everyone talks about trying to create a new type of programming environment, something intuitive and visual and that lets you think in new and creative ways. Excel is exactly that" - yes, it is, except it is a way too old already though all the notable competitors seem dedicating all the efforts to reproducing its legacy as closely as possible. I'd love to see an attempt to design a brand-new spreadsheet from scratch, built around a modern programming language (like Python instead of fossil VBA), modern practical file formats (like HDF5 and SQLite instead of obscure and clumsy xls, xlsx and ods) and all the experience and advances in the UX science accumulated during the recent years. Good news are some projects are heading this way already, e.g. pyspread and jamovi (they can hardly be taketn too serious at this moment but at least they illustrate there are people that see the problems of "classic" spreadhseets and have viable ideas on solving them). Hasn't the world just agreed on migrating to USB-C for everything? > How do you mean it's "way too old already" I mean many obvious ways it can be improved have been discovered during the time passed. Although it obviously makes no sense to give up the whole thing just because it has been introduced long ago it still is not a bad idea to consider minor and major improvements or even rethinking the whole idea occasionally. We could still be using good old typewriters/teletypes if the fact they worked was stopping us from thinking about inventing tools to do the same job with less labour and more fun. Although the idea sounds intriguing for numeric data processing, the site looks suspicious and the article won't open. > Get the following datapoints from any IP address; Again :-( I just wonder if people will ever stop making assumptions about others given their IP address or hair colours and divide the Internet on these slippery grounds. The only legitimate and valid way to determine the client's location automatically is the browser or the OS geolocation API, and for the language it is the HTTP_ACCEPT_LANGUAGE header. The fact I have contacted your server from an IP address assigned to a Chinese ISP neither means I'm in China nor that I speak Chinese. Both of these are redundant as long as there is the country code already included in the API response object. If the geolocation api doesn't give anything - that probably means the user has chosen to configure it this way because they don't want to share their location. You should probably ask them in case you actually need to know where they are. If there isn't one (which is rather improbable - AFAIK all the browsers have it set by default), then it should be either English or both English and the language assumed given the IP address. This can be considered a reasonable way when it's about statistics rather than about an individual user experience. Usually right because people from these countries are trying to evade location-based discrimination and privacy infringement Hackers should really be writing more books for kinds. Not only about programming but about "life, the universe and everything" too - I wish there were an introduction into understanding myself, life, the society and other stuff written by a likely-minded person available to read when I was a kid. By the way, it would be nice to also include ISO 3166-2 state code (e.g. US-AL for Alabama, AU-TAS for Tasmania, TZ-26 for Manyara etc). I have once heard a beautiful song in a local swimming pool. I've shazamed and googled it just to find the only place it was available from being Audiosparx - a site I've never heard about before that time, seeming kind of an "audio clip-art" store, titled as "commercial music for video, TV, film and media". Great news! Could someone also introduce some legislation to neutralise FCC's requirement for WiFi router manufacturers to block custom firmwares plese? Doesn't he have a tech advisor of a sort who could possibly explain him the thing so he won't make comments this funny? Wow! So dark... I have always believed ALL the BlueTooth connections are encrypted strongly too. And this is why I thought BlueTooth keyboards are safe while common non-BT wireless keyboards can be easily sniffed by a neighbour. Does it make sense to start learning EcmaScript today? More and more people are migrating to TypeScript as the coding language, WebAssembly has arrived to replace JavaScript as the browser native language other languages will compile to. Isn't EcmaScript going to become legacy soon? I'm actually curious, seriously, not trolling. What does "demonetization" mean anyway? It's the second time I read about "demonetization" and I still don't get it what does this mean at all. I've just went by the link (never visited that site before) and it says "THIS REQUEST HAS BEEN RATE LIMITED You're making too many requests to our servers from this computer..." immediately. No. From home. And every time I try - I see this error message only. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OTk6m3U54po Content is the new oil, isn't it? A friend of mine once told me that swimming in Thames would be a serious mistake as its water is poisonous. Are the neonicotinoids the reason or are there other dangerous chemicals too? We, the people with ADHD are always annoyed by them, people writing 25-page-long articles and we are also very jealous of others capability to read them :-) What degree of privacy can it actually offer? This is amazing. IMHO Ubuntu, Elementary, OSX and other OSes that are trying to be practical, easy and pleasurable to use out of the box should offer this by default, together with tldr.sh. Really? I could never find it. Perhaps you've got an extension of a sort installed. Nice idea anyway, I'll give it a try, thanks! I doubt it sounds great but maybe the things have actually improved since the last time I've tried a text-to-speech tool. Although the article somewhat exaggerates the problem and in fact REST is great for many applications, truth is (IMHO) REST is indeed overrated and the RPC style (don't confuse it with SOAP!) is over-vilified in the IT culture. In so many (though far not in all of them) cases a concise JSON-RPC API would be a much more elegant solution than REST. I believe this is a great example of where the "right tool for the job" principle should be applied rather than a buzzword cult. Many comments here emphasize on the problem of developers expecting RPC functions to be as reliable as local functions are. Well, that's their own problem, IMHO. The only appropriate solution is to remind them they are doing it wrong, e.g. the same way REST gurus use to remind everybody they are doing REST wrong. In fact there is a huge number of "developers" around who just invoke all the file system, database and network (REST, RPC, SOAP or whatever) calls synchronously, don't validate inputs nor outputs and don't even wrap the calls in try/catch (believe me, I used to support a fairly popular API and had to explain this stuff to just soooo many people complaining about their apps hanging or panicking on occasions when our REST API quirks (e.g. a field is missing from the response) or fails). I am actually very sad IceWeasel has been discontinued. We the people really need a community-maintained reasonably up-to-date no-nonsence (without hidden extensions built-in, proprietary stuff hard-coded, legacy features (like Java plug-in - my government still requires me to use it!) force-disabled, random stuff testing etc.) version of Firefox IMHO. Perhaps. But does it incorporate the recent improvements that make Firefox fast again (this is an important part of what I mean under "reasonably up-to-date")? I don't think so. What if a person has no addiction but just enjoys a joint (or even some cocaine) on occasion, i.e. like other people can enjoy a beer or two at times without being alcoholics? Are they still going to force them through treatment or what? > How to make a political program out of anarchism? Just give up radicalizing it. Accept the society AS IS as a starting point and start stripping the state of its powers and ambitions one by one. Read through the laws, legalize everything that can be legalized fairly safely (e.g. legalize drugs but don't hurry to legalize private atomic weapons :-)) at particular stage, remove requirements that are not really necessary (e.g. repeal copyrights enforcement but keep net neutrality). It is crucial to implement this process in a mindful and responsible way, i.e. avoiding dissolution of government institutions that do an important job and have no decent private alternatives established to the moment or repealing regulations that are there to limit the powers of corporations (which will certainly seek to establish tyranny over the nation as soon as the forces binding them weaken). > We reject all societal processes that break that link — such as private property, exchange relations, division of labor, and democracy. This is a way too radical idea that can hardly be considered constructive or viable. There can be no hope for a society anything close to real to survive and prosper with no body of power over them unless all its members respect property and interests, safety and privacy, freedom and dignity of other members the way they would like others to respect those of their own. Also division of labor is an absolutely natural thing, goods and services are to be subjects of free market, it is perfectly correct for a doctor to concentrate on healing people and expect the people to care about his needs in exchange so he won't waste time e.g. cultivating foods to feed his family. The ultimate goal is not to destroy the system. It is to make every individual as free (keeping in mind that security is a precondition to freedom) as possible without infringing freedom of their neighbour, to decentralize and distribute power as uniformly as possible (while still letting and encouraging experts to make important decisions) and to establish Nash equilibrium so only minor fluctuations will occur and nobody will be able to gain enough power to become the new tyrant. The first time I've seen an ORM I was fascinated by this seemingly beautiful idea. But I have quickly realized that it's almost useless in real life projects, plain old SQL seems just much much better. Now I don't understand why would anybody use an ORM actually. Also, basic SQL can be easily taught in as little as 10 minutes (I have been initially taught it at middle school during MS Office Query, Access and VBA class). An image of a programmer that can't use SQL (I don't mean advanced cases which can indeed be a bit tricky but these are far beyond the powers of any ORMs anyway) seems really bizarre to me. Sure. I mean in all the real life projects I've seen from the inside, using ORM instead of SQL felt like roaming a forest on a gyroboard. > Traits: Extraversion, Agreeableness, Conscientiousness, Stability, Openness Obviously these traits can change. Although for extraversion it is questionable (extraversion is not a merit, it's more like a gender kind of a "trait"), development of agreeableness, conscientiousness, stability and openness is what defines a character maturity of adult/adolescent person. Why eat iodized salt? Wy not just take iodine supplement or just eat kelp? Or iodize some other foods perhaps? By the way I could never understand why do people add salt to everything, I personally don't like it much. Also, isn't it supposed cause cardiovascular health issues? Seriously? Do you mean real table salt (sodium chloride) will do this or just kidding (yes, I have read, watched and played Dune, all of them)? If yes, can potassium chloride do the same? Cool info, thanks! I didn't knew taking actual iodine solution like Lugol's is safe but now I'm going to explore this (though I am still not sure it's a good idea - isn't it better to take potassium and sodium iodides and/or iodates?). BTW I have started taking 1125 mg (300% RDA) of magnesium a day about a month ago (still taking) and it has changed my life instantly: almost cured chronic fatigue, sleep disorders and a heart condition I have had since childhood (but as soon as I stop taking this much and try lower doses it comes back). I don't add any salt to my meals (I mostly cook at home and rarely eat in restaurants) because of 2 factors: 1. I don't actually want it (with some exceptions, I don't find salted foods any tastier than unsalted) 2. As a child I was taught salt is extremely bad for health. This means, provided salt is actually necessary for health, I am certainly not getting enough. At the same time I find my heart (which has always been quirky, since my very childhood) working notably better if I supplement Potassium Chloride (which tastes almost exactly the same as Sodium Chloride to me, I can hardly tell any difference in taste even if I compare pharmaceutical grade samples). So the question is: do I really need to start eating common salt (sodium chloride) or can I just supplement potassium chloride on regular basis? Does the body really need sodium or is potassium a reasonable replacement (provided I drink a good amount of water every day too)? Isn't it anti-net-neutrality? Is it ok to build it into a major browser? I actually block all the tracking, malware, ads, social networks, fraud, gambling, porn (except a couple of porn sites I like :-)) etc domains I could find information about but this is my personal conscious choice, I have manually installed extensions for this and built the lists. Shouldn't other people do the same themselves too if they choose to or leave everything as is if they don't actually feel they need to change anything? From the practical point of view, I am afraid the trackers will respond a way if such a move is made on such a global level. Nobody was fighting AdBlock+ when it was only used by geeks and now as is it has gained so much attention there are a lot of sites that won't work if you use AdBlock+. Introducing te "do-not-track" header was a great idea but it has been completely ruined by major browsers turning it on by default so the trackers have legitimately chosen to ignore it. What I am asking about is scientific knowledge about whether or not potassium supplement usually lowers the amount of sodium the body needs to function healthily Simple as this. You would understand the fact you have to rely on yourself, science and peers' experience and knowledge more than on doctors if you were an immigrant grown up in a "2.5th world" country living in a "2nd world" one very-very low on money rather than a middle-class citizen of the USA ;-) To make it easier to understand I can say I rarely meet the same doctor more than twice, they are rarely brilliant or motivated and they use to make mutually-opposite claims on life-critical matters. The problem with legal movies are DRM, vendor/device lock-in, forced ads, regional policies etc. You can just download a pirated movie as a plain MP4/MKV/AVI file in the language you want (not necessarily the official language of your region) and the quality you want (some people like 30+ gib HDs, many prefer 5 of less gib per movie) and play it forever everywhere, including unsupported platforms (namely huge number of TVs and no-name set-top-boxes with USB ports, old PCs with exotic OSes etc). This (besides visiting cinemas, these 2 things don't really affect each other, people often do both for the same movie) is what almost everybody does in the eastern Europe. People don't really mind to pay some bucks for a movie/song/book/etc. but nobody in sane mind wants the crap I've mentioned in the first paragraph. Sell plain DRM-free standard-format multilingual downloadable files for humble prices (under $5 per movie) and you'll have almost all the audience pirate sites attract. > If the language of your account is set to something other than English, it unlocks subtitles and dubs for that language that you wouldn't normally have access to. Thank you for the hint, but don't you think this is a way ridiculous? Why can't people that prefer English UI (e.g. I do, although it's neither my native language nor the official language of the country I've moved to, I am fluent in all the three but am interested in content in other languages too and I always strongly prefer all the apps UIs to be in English) access content in other languages? Yes! This is another one I've forgotten to mention. And there also are many old and exotic movies/songs/books/games that aren't legally available anywhere. How does it solve the synchronization problems by the way? It's not always easy to find a subtitles file that will match the particular version of the movie second-by-second. > It can be built with gcc and clang Again... I understand many will argue but I also believe many will agree: we are to start phasing out C and write modern OSes in safe languages like Rust, Haskell, Go, Crystal etc. Because code written in C is almost guaranteed to be vulnerable. C has done its job when the hardware was slow and low on memory, electronic data was rarely life-important and when there were no languages and compilers that could be used as alternatives but that time has ended and now we are to consider different priorities. Is this about religion again? Or what exactly are they hated for? Can't service providers just offer completely ad-free experience to those willing to pay the price that would make this kind of subscriptions commercially viable? Why arrest them at all? They are so funny and ridiculous. Those whom they can scam are doomed anyway, the only way to possibly help them is to gain legal guardianship over them and filter their mail before it reaches them. What about HN/Reddit/whatever F5-ing disorder? :-) What I can't understand is why do people demonize Ponzi Schemes so much while lotteries and bookies of all kinds are legally available on every corner. I know quite a number of people who have consciously taken the risk of investing in an open (so I can't logically agree it being scam/fraud/etc although legal authorities can insist it is) Ponzi Scheme and have quit it with rather serious profit some time later. And I don't know anybody who has ever won more than a couple of bucks in a lottery. In my opinion a Ponzi Scheme (unless the potential investors are actually told a false claim that it is not a Ponzi Scheme but a low-risk high-profit enterprise) is not a scam but a game, similar to fishing, and even much more nice to people than classic chance games played in casinos. Why not just teach people basics of risk management, warn them 3 times and let them play if they want to? IMHO the one and only thing a government is to do to protect the people from Ponzi and other schemes is to make sure everybody leaves school with conscious knowledge of the following: 1. Every investment is a risk, you may win or you may loose. 2. The chance of loss is usually proportional to the potential profitability estimated. 3. Never invest what you can't afford to loose easily. 4. Don't be mad on the friend who has introduced you to the business if he didn't explicitly guarantee you will win - that was your choice. 5. Whoever says there is no risk and the success is guaranteed - lies, don't believe them and don't rely on them. Actually, if a person doesn't know this by the time they finish the school the time they've spent there has probably been wasted. As for me I've learnt about Ponzi scheme from a Khan Academy lecture (and yes, my time at school was a waste mostly, that's a pity there was no Khan Academy back in those years). So, is calling 311 the only way to report on such an important yet simple (not really requiring verbal explanation nor personal data about the witness) subject? I would never call a telephone unless the rats or whatever were actually threatening a life and I were sure I can't manage on my own. C'mon, it's 2018, people are using apps (anonymously if possible) and texting each other, if somebody actually calls me I expect them to be either dying or trying to sell me something I don't need! Why not just make an app that lets you take a picture and send it with a timestamp and the location data (and nothing else) embedded straight to the server? Let me be that dumb guy at the party that will ask: what exactly is "planetary scale application" supposed to mean? Search engines seem to fail finding a definition. > HTML is a pain for things that aren't documents. Indeed it is but there seem to be no relevant alternative. The only thing that is better [for apps] is XAML (WPF) but it is Windows-only. Aren't browser plugins considered a deprecated technology already? The latest versions of the major browsers won't even let you run Java applets AFAIK, everything is forced to go entirely web-native (compile to HTML+CSS+JavaScript/wasm) and I'm not sure whether that's good or bad so far... Obviously, where we are going is just exposing all the system resources (like file systems, GPUs, USB ports etc) to JavaScript/wasm APIs and replacing the whole GUI stack (X/whatevr, WM, etc) with just a browser. A browser is just a cross-OS compatibility layer now (and this is quite cool as you can now run considerably exotic OSes like Haiku or Solaris and use almost all the stuff other reople do). I have also heard ChromeOS is probably going to replace Android at some point. Sounds reasonable. Why don't people use it then? Are there any frameworks already available so one won't have to invent a GUI toolkit from scratch? Xamarin.Forms is cool but still doesn't work on Linux so it seems the same story as XAML to me - cool but of little use, unlike to HTML which is less cool but absolutely useful as it works everywhere. JavaFX - doesn't work on mobiles/tablets (there was a prototype in 2011, seemingly abandoned), sadly it seems to be about as dead as Flash and Silverlight now. As for QML - search results suggest it works everywhere but still hardly a popular choice for some reason, worth taking a closer look perhaps (but I still doubt it can compare to HTML as using Qt means producing binary builds for every platform to support AFAIK). Yet another 80386 on steroids with no 64-bit and no SSE or a real modern CPU capable of running all the today OSes and apps efficiently? Whatever they claim, in the present time reality the RC (Taiwan) and the PRC are 2 distinct independent countries that are not going to re-unite any soon. "Believing" any of the 2 just doesn't make much sense. Is speculative execution actually worth it? Can't compilers do the job and optimize execution sufficiently so we won't need speculative execution? Anyway, "caches of any sort" sounds frightening: I can remember disabling all the caches on Pentium-3 to make it about as slow as 80386 so some ancient games that can't run on fast CPUs would run ok and be playable. Also, as far s I understand, the division has began as a conflict of 2 political parties - the leftists (CPC) and the rightists (Kuomintang) that has escalated into a civil war. And as the result each party now controls its part of what was once meant to be a single country and claims the right to rule both. What makes me curious is why can't 2 parties just control their parts the way they do in Taiwan and PRC but do it peacefully and without nonsensical claims when the people of one part are more sympathetic to one and the people of the other part are more sympathetic to the other. Why is it so important to have one party to rule them all, including those who doesn't want it? I just wonder when will this nonsense ("banks saying no") end and when a financial system at least as free as cash and as quick and convenient as just using debit cards emerge. It seems that we have came to a point when we need to separate banking from state and police the way church has gotten separated from them earlier. That's a pity BitCoin has failed to do this. Hopefully Monero or something new will succeed once and set the people free... Why exactly would a rightist government attack pot business? It's business and rightists are supposed to be pro-business and anti-regulation, are they not? Is this effort just actually backed by alcohol industry giants sponsored lobbyists or what? Then who exactly are these people who vote this? Seriously curious. By the way, what is the status of addressing the Meltdown and Spectre vulnerabilities in OpenWRT/LEDE at affected platforms? One of the sad things is that people willing to just get a no-nonsense DRM-free MP3 of a years-old song they like for personal use (and sharing with a friend perhaps) are considered the same with those willing to get and even sell original stuff before it's even released. > businesses can be legal in states while being illegal under federal law It still sounds a way ridiculous for a thing to be legal and illegal at the same time. There ought to be a non-ambiguous mechanism to decide whether a business is legal or not. As long as the feds let the states decide on their own they shouldn't consider something to be a crime as long as it is done in a state where it is legal. E.g. pot money from Colorado should be considered perfectly clean while pot money from Idaho can be treated as criminal. Doesn't this make sense? > Banking is heavily regulated for a reason (terrorist financing Doesn't seem to help much, terrorists still get everything they need. Cool! Why exactly did it take so long BTW? (not complaining, just curious about the hard parts). Although the first computer I've used was a ZX Spectrum I was too young to program it at the time and have never had time to actually revisit it later. About a decade later (that was the epoch of Windows XP and Ubuntu already) I had a dream of running Visual Basic 1.0 for DOS on it, developing text-mode pseudographical winforms-like apps (clones of Total Commander and Excel :-)). Ever since then I have been passively curious about whether it actually is hard or not and why nobody actually tries this (isn't the GUI alone actually a fairly easy thing every computer can manage as long as we give up all the eye-candy effects and accept the fact actual calculations on data are going to be fairly slow?). Cool to see people have implemented something like this actually and have even done it in graphics rather than in just pseudo. Also, why can't we use modern languages like Python or their subsets to write Z80 programs, at least very simple ones? Any ideas on what can probably change the situation at some point? reg/pay-walled sites are no the only kind that should be discouraged - sites that will track you globally unless you block them globally should be discouraged too IMHO. Facebook fits both categories. No. E.g. I'm fine with Telegram & Signal + WhatsApp & Skype for the elderly. Having no intention to become a public person, do I really need a public profile on a web site that's whole purpose is to spy on me everywhere, analyse my behavior and contacts, sell the data to others and show me ads? I absolutely believe you. When I actually need to voice-call somebody (e.g. mom, granny or a client company CEO, all the other people I meet prefer texting) I use Skype - it does this much better than any of the competitors. So it sounds fairly probable it does video better than others too. > As we now know, insiders have been selling Intel stock long before the vulnerabilities became public. I understand this is just not legal, but otherwise why should they had not (i.e. why exactly is it illegal)? What the rationally logical plan they should have taken? Telling everyone about the vulnerability is irrational - it should be told to those who are supposed to write patches first, keeping the shares when you know they are going down is irrational too. > Usually MDMA has the backlash of lowering the amount of serotonin release in your brain the days after you take it, which makes you feel down. The so-called tuesday blues Usually MDMA has absolutely no observable backlash (it may still harm your brain though, even if you don't feel it, I don't know if it will or not) if you don't take it more often than once in 3 months (or 1 month if you insist, but absolutely never more often), avoid taking too much of it, take enough piracetam, magnesium and antioxidants (acetyl-l-carnitine, acetyl-l-cysteine, vitamins E and C, lipoic acid, CoQ10, green tea extract, grape seed extract etc) before, during and after the MDMA trip, take L-tryptophan+piracetam after the trip, smoke some weed (but don't do it in advance - this can cause a panic attack and nausea), drink enough water, sleep well and take L-tryptophan+piracetam again when you get up. What will follow is usually going to be a rather pleasant state called "afterglow". Taking emoxypine, piracetam, magnesium and St. John's wort during the days after to actually restore the receptors can also be a good idea. I have also heard eating some psilocybin shrooms can prevent MDMA hangover too but I doubt combining psychedelics is a good idea for everybody. DISCLAIMER: The above is a piece of theoretical knowledge provided for harm-reduction purposes only and not even proven scientifically (I'd be glad if the researchers could consider checking it). Use it at your own risk. Don't take what is not legal in your country. I don't recommend taking MDMA without a prescription though I do recommend to consider harm-reduction measures if you decide to take it. Anyway, make sure you are not allergic to any of the substances you are going to take, are not taking any drugs that may interact with them and don't have any other contraindications. Does this mean Skype will stop cooperating with governments demanding chat history disclosure? Here is the source of the most of this knowledge by the way: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FlMxTpONKT0 Adam at PsychedSubstance does pretty good job educating people about how to do the stuff right without getting your brains fried. His advices do work great, it would surely be awesome if the reserachers could validate and/or improve them scientifically (or at least make use of them practically so nobody will actually get sad or experience any other adverse effects anyway). > You kind of contradict yourself by saying there is no backlash and then giving a list of supplements to reduce the backlash... What I am saying is there will certainly be some backlash if you don't do anything to prevent it but you can (or you can not - sure I can't say these advices will help everybody, perhaps some of these may even harm somebody if they have some specific contraindications) effectively prevent about 99% of it. Perhaps my grammar is not perfect but I hope the idea is fairly easy to get. > What's not proven is those supplements you mention. Sure, not proven any credible way. Hopefully the researchers will read this thread, take these in consideration and prove or disprove some parts. > tests on mice In fact there have been quite enough "testing" on humans though it's neither scientifically clean (no double-blind placebo-controlled trials, no large control groups observed, no measurements etc) nor official enough for obvious reasons. Everything is based on personal experience people share anonymously, but believe me - though not formally credible nor systematic this data is very far from being entirely mythical and useless. It's absolutely worth testing by researchers we are talking about and, well... by unaccredited enthusiasts who are going to to engage in the research on their own perhaps. > There's also no evidence that supports 'afterglow' Sure, no evidence, just reportedly-systematic experience of anonymous individuals. Let's just say it may cause this state, not that it necessarily will. > and magnesium to reduce jaw clenching Magnesium is not just to reduce jaw clenching, it's also an NDMA antagonist, known to prevent amphetamine-type drugs tolerance. And it is also an important electrolyte that you may loose if you dink, sewat and pee excessively. > keep your body cooled (but hard to do at parties) MDMA is, arguably, much more fun and much more safe to take at home together with just the one you love. I especially discourage taking it at parties and especially mixing it with alcohol. > but doesn't affect the serotonin levels... Taking 5-HTP the days after... That's why I recommend L-tryptophan. Tough less-famous than 5-HTP (5-Hydroxytryptophan) for a number of reasons, it can be considered a more natural and more safe alternative to 5-HTP. L-tryptophan is the essential amino-acid naturally meant to be consumed regularly (it occurs naturally in many foods and also available in pure form as an over-the-counter supplement) your body uses to produce the amounts of 5-HTP (and then serotonin) it needs from it. Also St. John's wort is known to upregulate serotonin receptors and increase of serotonin (!!!up to potentially life-threatening levels if combined with other serotonin-boosting substances so never take it together with MDMA, only the day after!!!). Piracetam and emoxypine are not only antioxidants (in fact I don't even know if piracetam is an antioxidant at all) but nootropics that may improve brain blood flow, oxygen consumption and synaptic transmission, modulate the receptor complexes of the brain membranes by increasing their binding ability, stabilize biomembranes (i.e. membrane structures of blood cells - erythrocytes and thrombocytes during their haemolysis or mechanical injury accompanied by the formation of free radicals), have neuroprotective and anti-inflammatory action, change the monoamine level and increases the dopamine content in the brain etc. > but again, research is lacking. That's why it's so great to read about the ladies and gentlemen at the Pineapple Fund going to fund the research and that MAPS is undertaking it. And that's why it's so important to share every potentially valuable idea on the subject with them so they can use it in the research. There are 2 reasons I am writing this here: 1. I hope this can help people (though I am not sure it will help everybody) to save their health and prevent unpleasant experiences (as far as I've heard overwhelming majority of people who try MDMA experiences rather severe backlashes - this suggests they are doing it wrong and cause damage to their brains). 2. I hope this can provide the researches with ideas to start with when looking for safety measures to be proven scientifically. Surely "making sure that your schedule is clear of obligations the next day" is always a great idea but I think the stuff I've described above (including the previous commentary) should better be used too. Nevertheless, all the major emotions/moods one can feel: sadness, joy, laziness, vigour, fear, enthusiasm, anger, limerence etc are almost nothing but chemical conditions. If you feel panic or are angry at somebody - that doesn't necessarily mean you are in danger or that somebody is an asshole - that means you have elevated level of norepinephrine and/or low serotonin and/or something like that. Feeling lazy doesn't mean you have fallen to the sin of sloth but that you have low levels of thyroxine and/or dopamine and/or norepinephrine and/or serotonin and/or something else. That's a huge problem the majority of people don't understand this, just keeping this in mind makes the life a lot easier for you, your family and everybody around. Also it usually is enough to take something as natural, cheap and harmless as L-tryptophan (an essential amino-acid, the precursor to 5-HTP and serotonin, easily available as an over-the-counter supplement and found in many foods naturally) to fix the problem, SSRIs and benzodiazepines are not necessary in every case. In this case the researchers ought to test it too so it could be approved by the FDA together with MDMA because piracetam alone makes HUGE difference. If you are going to take MDMA and can choose only one supplement to use to protect your brain from adverse effects - that is to be piracetam (of course something better may exist but I have never heard of anything better so far). I can't confirm this scientifically but I could bet whoever has tried it (or at least the majority of them) will tell you this is true. By the way I live in Europe and have been taking piracetam (it is an approved medicine available at every drugstore here, over-the-counter in some countries, on prescription in others) every day (making just occasional pauses for a month or two) during about 15 years already and man it's just so great I don't want to live in a country where I can't get it easily. In my opinion (based on my own long-term systematic experience with it) piracetam is an essential for brain fitness, good quality of life, physical, creative, spiritual, educational and professional self-realization. And I have never had a headache during these years (except slight headakes that I had a couple of times after having drank a way too much alcohol) although I used to have headache almost every day when I was a child and wasn't taking piracetam! The only problem with MDMA is it is not legal in the majority of countries. Up to hundreds thousands (something less maybe, but still a lot) of people all over the world would gladly submit reports about their experiences of taking MDMA together with and without these substances (piracetam, magnesium, antioxidants etc) if this was not associated with risk of getting busted by the authorities. I have no doubt his advices would have been proven statistically then. Websockets can be used for many things and are actually a sound tech idea but I don't know about a single website that would use them to do something I need (no, I don't use social networks, don't play online games and don't use web voip - these are the 3 major areas that can make use of them) so disabling them seems a good idea. In general: disable everything you don't use - this will most certainly increase your safety and disrupt a huge portion of mainstream malware and spyware functioning. When I was using Windows I had a software firewall that would ask me about every app that is trying to access the Internet and let me choose if I want to block or allow it - I would only allow the web browser, the messenger and the SSH client and completely block everything else (DroidWall and XPrivacy let you do this on Android, LittleSnitch does this on Mac, I miss such a tool on destkop GNU/Linux a huge lot). Is there something like this for Chrome too? BTW I wish I could just disable all features but those basic ones every website uses (and "data URIs" support please!!! I really want to to disable it!) and enable them manually on per-domain basis (the way I do with scripts using NoScript and uMatrix). I agree - Python is great and rather neutral (as soon as snake_case_naming stops causing you nausea and as soon as you stop worrying about types and the fact you can't make a class member truly private) yet it has one thing I really hate - the module/package system. Coming from C# I could never "grok" it in Python (might anybody have a link to a great intro in this subject optimized for a C# mind - I'd be more than grateful) and being unable to split a single namespace into a number of files is outrageous (especially for an ADHD person who can't stand long code files and importing every this and that manually everywhere). E.g. I have file aaa.py, bbb.py and ccc.py (placed in the same directory but I don't mind adding a line of code to declare their relationship explicitly). What I want is not only to be able to import them all at once in ddd.py but to access everything from aaa and bbb in ccc, everything from bbb and ccc in aaa and everything from aaa and ccc in bbb [almost] seamlessly. I have tried this once and it didn't work although pylint has passed with no errors (surely I admit that's because of a mistake I have made but I haven't managed to find and fix it so I've ended up just putting all the code in one file). Anyway it's not what I need as far as I understand (I have described what I need in a comment below, the answer to mixmastamyk). > By some estimates, if the salt in the ocean could be removed and spread evenly over the Earth’s land surface it would form a layer more than 500 feet thick, about the height of a 40-story office building. Needless to say [almost] every land plant and creature on Earth would die in such an event. I just wonder (out of pure bizarre curiosity) what would happen if the salt in the ocean could be removed and put somewhere in the outer space - what part of the ocean life would survive and how much impact would it have on the land life. How does it happen India has Gini coefficient close to that of Canada (and better tan that of the USA, UK and even Australia) then? Though not an unquestionable and not ultimately reliable one, using comparably rare hardware and software usually is a valid security measure. Now as Linux has gained solid market share the "no viruses for Linux" era comes to its end and Linux-capable ransomware is emerging I am considering moving to OpenBSD not only because security is among the top priorities of its design but because it's a way more exotic too. > There are more Americans incarcerated per capita than in any other Westernized country on earth... With well over two million Americans behind bars, and even with more prisons being built literally every day... This is madness. Period. Something is being done fundamentally wrong and going catastrophically too far. Simply building more prisons is not a solution. And the fact the convicts are not given vitamins and other essential nutrients supplements has always seemed ridiculous and outrageous to me. Simply terminating them could be more humane than keeping them junk-fed letting their bodies and brains decay freely, taking not just their freedom but also their health (including mental health) away from them. This is not a way you can cure people from their behaviour disorders. > Average USA cost to keep one inmate locked up for a year: $31,000 By the way, any person that would earn this much a year is considered rich in Eastern Europe and Russia, the majority of people there live on less than $1000/month and those of them who care about health still get all the vitamin/mineral/aminoacid supplements and sound healthcare they need (+ education, sport, yoga/minfulness classes, entertainment, travelling, living etc) . Needless to say almost none of the people who earn $1000/month or more are prone to commit felony there (unless they drink a way too much booze), they just live happily usually as they have everything they need, feel safe and satisfied. This suggests that just giving the $31,000 or less to a man will probably do much better for him and the society than spending it on keeping him in the dreadful conditions described in the article. This reminds me of the idea of basic income again... Cool. I've been installing wget on every Windows PC in my authority since the days of Windows 98SE. Every net-enabled operating system is to have such a tool installed by default. Is it rational to have laws that rationalize irrational artificially? The reality is the majority of tech interviews today are filled with questions/tasks that have little or nothing to do with the actual job you are going to be assigned. In fact an average programmer doesn't actually need to know a single piece of computer science or math (almost all such stuff is abstracted by common libraries and frameworks, whatever is not can be looked up on demand) nor to memorize anything (thanks to auto-completion and all the docs and Q&As being just a couple of clicks away), let alone to have skills in solving puzzles. Yet every other interviewer will ask you to write code on paper and give you puzzles on computer science, physics and everything. They will also ask you about your previous salary and the reason you have left the previous job (both matters are purely private IMHO), why have you chosen them (ridiculous, I just want to earn living in a sound company and have sent the CV to a number of companies to land the first one that feels fine and wants me), what do you want to achieve in n years (never thought about this, just want a job) etc. And a funny thing: a friend of mine (an experienced developer with history in multinationals) has once told me he was rejected told being "too unsociable", "talking too little" which is the perfect opposite of what he actually is (dozens of his friends would undoubtedly confirm). Puzzles are fun, intelligence is reasonable to be benchmarked, nevertheless the interviewing thing is done at least slightly wrong usually IMHO. I just hope some scientific research is going to emerge in this area in near future to help rationalize the hiring process. As for myself I ask nothing but the candidate's opinion on some relevant subjects (the opinion itself doesn't really matter much but it can indicate certain degrees of awareness, understanding, intelligence and motivation, also the talk can somewhat demonstrate the personality) and their GitHub profile. > I have seen many developers who fail to do that. How do they happen to be developers then? Doesn't being unable to implement a FizzBuzz quickly imply they can't code anything that is more complex, by definition? By the way although I do understand programming (OOP, FP, SQL) and can develop a considerably complex app from scratch in an IDE like Visual Studio with ReSharper or IntelliJ Idea that would expand code snippets, offer auto-completion and highlight errors on the fly I doubt I can code anything more complex than a "hello world" using just Notepad and expect it to compile and run without errors immediately - I use to make small typos and miss some syntactical elements all the time thanks to my ADHD (but modern IDEs solve this problem). Also, a person standing behind my shoulder watching me code and counting time would decrease my performance by an order of magnitude at best. Does this count as a failure from your point of view? This obviously is true (a truism) but doesn't answer any of the questions. What do you think to be some best reader and other Android apps optimised for bw eInk displays? By the way, OnyxBooxx runs a rather ancient Android version - 4.0.4. > I have nothing in my GitHub profile. Some toy repos of no particular significance... I don't think that should make me un-hireable... Same thing with me but I don't think it's hard to spend some weekends and write something to express your motivation an illustrate your coding skills. > people that have kids tend to not have much spare time... my company has me going through some bureaucratic process for any sort of open-source contribution that I intend to make. I understand your point perfectly but what I don't understand is how does it make sense to hire a coder whose code (a real (though not necessarily big) app code, not a 5-minute puzzle code) you have never seen. Funny but I would really appreciate a good Paint.Net remake (usable on Mac, Linux and OpenBSD) more. Some people use onion juice mixed with some oil as nasal drops to treat running nose infections (dunno if it works actually). Pinta is nice though still not ultimately as great as the original :-) And it can be pain to install on some Linux distro versions (conflicting with both the Mono version in the repos (too old) and the latest Mono release (too new)) and it works quirky with XFCE. In fact I use it every day on Linux but I didn't know there is a Mac version too - already downloading it, thanks a lot! It's free but still Windows-only. I use it on Windows machines but miss it heavily on Mac and Linux. Perhaps somebody would actually port it to Mono if it was truly free. By the way I believe I've found source code of some ancient version of the original Pain.Net and used it (barely working, buggy as hell of hells though still handier than GIMP for quick and simple picture edits) on Linux before I've found Pinta which is, AFAIK, the same code fixed to run correctly on Mono and extended to include some Paint.Net features that have been introduced later. Makes sense, thanks. We are just speaking about different things then. All the times I were looking for coders I was interested in neither juniors (whom I would have to teach) nor seniors (who would lead the team) but middles (who would just write good code given a very specific task and very detailed design). So where is the new cryptocurrency they promised to issue? They absolutely should switch to cryptocurrency, a highly unstable currency is much better than a currency that is stable in its hyperbolic devaluation and can actually boost the economy. Why don't they do? I see... I used to think it's just WPF to be replaced with the old UI that was there until some version. It was meant to be backed by oil and to back the paper bolívars in its turn and I believe they really should start this ASAP. The only alternative is switching to Brazilian Reals, US Dollars or something like that but who is going to give those to them? A cryptocurrency done right can create worldwide-tradeable, hard-to-constrain value and liquidity immediately from nothing but the potential and I can hardly understand what are they waiting for. Is the ruling establishment there just so power-mad they won't give up the printer even in face of ultimate economic collapse? ... and screw it again a week later. If it actually works without serious problems (you know, some times you can install something, make it run and take some screenshots without it actually being usable in real life) then this is a bomb! I am pretty sure there are people who are willing to switch to Linux but are stuck on Windows because of the need to use most recent Photoshop, Illustrator, Office and/or Visual Studio. What the site promises looks INSANELY COOL but the app doesn't seem to work actually. Errors behind every corner, 100% CPU load all the time and the tutorial won't finish loading. This is not beta, this is pre-alpha at best. I really hope it's going to be fixed in near future, can't wait to actually try applying it. A relatively reasonable government like that of Argentina or Brazil can indeed implement a monetary policy and play with deficit and the rate for good but if it consistently fails to it ought to at least provide the people with a usable trading token so they can take care of themselves. It's hard to say what it actually is but given the news we get outside the Venezuelan government is little but useless (not completely perhaps, maybe it keeps drug cartels away or something), they should just issue a reasonably limited amount of relatively valuable currency, halt all but some essential regulations and leave the people alone. Budget deficit cuttig is not popular? I believe the result Venezuelans are getting now are even less popular. There is little (if any) virtue in developing a single installer to work on all platforms. People want a drag-and-drop app image for Mac, a PPA repository for Ubuntu and an MSI package for Windows and/or a simple "just extract and run" archive for their platform. Any examples of interesting drawings drawn with this tool? Cool! Thanks! Why exactly do people call good explanatory manuals "the hard way"? The hard way to learn something is using nothing but the official reference manual or the man pages. What I have found by the link is what I would rather call "for dummies" :-) I actually find those I tried rather unfriendly. Every time I have to convert something I start by looking for a quick-and-easy GUI solution but end up using command line because it's more intuitive (!), more flexible and it actually works (GUI wrappers don't always do, it often happens that you click "start" or whatever and nothing happens or a nonsensical error pops up). By the way it's always easier to teach a not particularly bright person to use a textual dialogue command line interface than a complex GUI: you just tell them (and let them write down) what do they have to type, what response they can expect and how are they to respond to it if it's this or that. I can remember how easy it was to teach my granny to use the UUPC e-mail system under DOS and how much harder it was to teach GUIs. In the current reality as it is tabs seem an essential part of a web browser and some other apps. But I feel like tabs should not be done by any app - a window manager is to take care of this IMHO. I especially don't like tabs in IntelliJ Idea: I never (except the cases when I want to detach one to a separate window) actually use them, every time I want to switch to a particular file in a project I choose it in the project tree in the left panel, the tabs only pile up atop of the editor pane and annoy me so I close them every now and then. The problem with this paper is that it ignores ADHD. It can be very difficult or impossible to maintain concentration for periods of time longer than some minutes (or even seconds) for an ADHD person and certain kinds of music can help mitigate this problem in some cases. BTW amphetamine works alike AFAIK: it induces hyperactivity and harms concentration in healthy people but calms ADHD people down and induces concentration and clarity on them. But the results are alike at least in some cases. I just tend to loose conscious awareness and feel extreme urge (like the urge to breeze you feel if you stop breezing and wait a minute) to switch to a different task (procrastination usually, that's exactly why I am writing this now :-)) every couple of minutes and focusatwill.com helps a huge lot by putting me in the state of flow. Same story with my GF, she has introduced this app to me in fact. That's exactly what I mean. It (I mean racemic street amphetamine, you can't get medical adderall in Europe) makes the majority of those who try it very agitated but makes some of those with ADHD serene and tranquil as a pure water lake surface on a windless day. I doubt it works on everybody this simple though and there hardly is any scientific research on this subject. What is horrifying here is that people are actually forbidden to communicate securely (ByLock is a secure messenger AFAIK). IMHO the right for privacy is to be absolute, mo matter what. No kind of safety or anything is worth living under constant surveillance and being unable to chat and be sure no 3rd party can read that. "get out of jail" would make more sense. Jailing can happen to be questionable, speeding or running a red light can't, it's simple and forbidden for a serious yet easy to understand and hard to argue reason. BTW another program (and a library) that should, IMHO, be made a standard component of every modern OS (except those that would choose to exclude it for a practical reason, e.g. some of extremely-lightweight and heavily specialized embedded ones) is SQLite3 I agree absolutely. Corporations should only pay employees money (including whatever amount it takes to buy reasonable insurance etc) and that should be up to the employee to choose an insurance company and pay them. Insurance companies should compete targeting not corporations but people as their customers. Can't it actually do this? Can't a club of people establish a nonprofit and buy insurance collectively somewhat the way corporations do? Would you mind sharing the country name? I am sure (because I've tried it myself) the quality standards differ by orders of magnitude in different countries where it works this way. > States set what insurance can allow. Why? From my perspective the whole problem with healthcare and insurance is these are way far from a free markets. Wouldn't it be better if the insurance companies would just look at what people want and offer just that for the prices that make both sides interested? I'm interested too (EMEA). Not only they will stand a chance, they will grow substantially as the only way to mitigate the governments efforts to enforce surveillance and regulations. Darknet exchanges will emerge if not there yet. People have been dreaming of real electronic cash nobody can know you have or give to somebody for so long and wont give up easily. By the way this can even happen to be the way to the new kind of economy that relies on reputation and competition rather than surveillance and prohibition. It can grow value of its own as the ecosystem grows and a black market can emerge for the needs of conversion. What makes you sure convenience will not improve? Great news. I have always believed Ponzi and alike schemes should be as legal and available as any other kind of gambling and lottery as long as the people introduced are well informed abut the nature of the scheme and the risks it means. I know some people who had participated in a distributed Ponzi scheme consciously and with notable success while I don't know a single person who had won anything above $2 in a lottery. Yes, a pyramid scheme, but Wikipedia still calls it a Ponzi scheme. I mean this one: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MMM_Global I don't recommend it, I also know many people who have lost their money of course though I still think it's much better than a lottery: the whole thing about profiting from it is investing humble amounts you can afford to loose and withdrawing at the right moment, that's a lot like fishing or trading BitCoins. Here's the discussion and the paper on vitamin D: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15867918 . TL;DR: make sure to always get at least 8000 IU of vitamin D per day (10 times the RDA) if you want to be healthy and have good bones, skin, mood, sleep, immunity and metabolism. I have also heard a rumor that recent studies suggest solid vitamin D pills are better than oil capsules. Would be nice if somebody knowing what particular study says this could share a link. Sorry. I've updated the comment and added the link. As far as I understand taking 10x the RDA won't have side effects because that's not an overdose, that's the correct dose and the RDA is a mistake. I haven't tried this myself yet though. I am taking 1000 IU now (and it makes a difference I can feel already as compared to taking nothing or 1 RDA) while waiting for the 10'000 IU pills to get delivered from eBay. I didn't knew I actually need this much before reading the paper by the link. I just wonder how does official data of this kind emerge if not based on any studies. So the RDAs are about just decreasing mortality rather than improving life/health, right? Thanks to existence of the short and long scales I have no idea what people mean when they say "a billion" or something like that today in the globalized Internet-connected world. Please avoid using such ambiguous words at all costs, use scientific notation instead. Useful to know. Now I will just guess it's the short scale if it's English (I used to think UK uses the long scale as all the other European countries do while the US uses the short scale). Thanks! PS: As for myself I just don't use the words to name numbers above million as I don't know what exactly do they mean for anything near sure but if I really had to interpret the word "billion" I would undoubtedly answer "a million of millions" (10^12) before today. Marijuana (as well as serotonergic psychedelics) generally makes people feel more united and similar in the positive sense, I don't know about any credible studies that would confirm this (although there probably are some) but I really doubt it can promote social hierarchization. Cocaine and alcohol, however, are known to stimulate aggressive-dominant behavior in individuals prone to it though cocaine will surely not stimulate obedience, it will stimulate people to resist propaganda/populism/nonsense and question more. The only well-known psychoactive substance that makes masses easier to manipulate is booze. Indeed Fish is bloody amazing! I've been using bash for my whole life and now as I've seen Fish I don't want to see any other shell (except some new one that might happen to be made even better) ever. It feels like a quantum leap of the same kind like the switch from ancient printer-oriented Unix shells (that didn't even let you edit the part of the command you've already entered) to bash. As for the scripting language part, however, I have always been wondering why do people use headache languages like bash/sh when we have Python. Might anybody have a clue - I'd appreciate if you could share. Who and why uses Facebook today anyway? All my friends use messenger apps like WhatsApp or Telegram to communicate to people they know in real life, sites like Reddit and HN to communicate to random crowd sharing their interests and Instagram to share pictures they take. I personally feel like Facebook is a concept fading into the past. UPDATE: The only thing I used to use Facebook for a couple of years ago when I had more spare time was finding events to attend for fun. Does anybody know a good alternative? There probably is a special app just for this. Another useful feature of Facebook seems to be the groups directory: there are groups in WhatsApp and Telegram but they are harder to find - isn't there a project building a directory of them already? A probable role Facebook may take in future is providing digital "passport" kind of identity. The Chinese Facebook clone is doing it already and the Russian Facebook clone does too though in much smaller degree. I live in Europe, not N.A. We use messengers a lot here and many people still use Facebook. I've heard that people use SMS and MMS much more actively in the USA (I have never used MMS and have stopped using SMS years ago). Why not remove Chrome, Safari and E-mail clients for inappropriate content too? Why not WhatsApp, Skype or iMessage? Telegram is just a wire, it's up to the users if they want to use it to talk to other users that speak 'inappropriate'. This is why I will never buy an iPhone (though I don't mind a MacBook as long as root access and legal ways to install Linux have not been locked on them yet) - I want to use the device the way I want, have full control over its filesystem, run the apps I want without all that store bullshit (which hits even harder if you live outside the USA by the way, in synergy with your local government bullshit and with what corporations think about your region market) and decide what is appropriate for me myself. Today Apple is a fascist organization. Historical fascists did fairly good in eye-candy design and hardware quality too but that's the only good part of them and it's pretty much ruined by so much crazy fascist bullshit to tolerate in exchange. Nice to know the details, thanks. But anyway, how can a messenger app know what content is going to be inappropriate? What if I call somebody when I am drunk and say something inappropriate - can the telephone app tell this in advance? How is a messenger different? > with aircraft that it was not authorized to use because they were not listed on its air carrier certificate. So much bureaucracy... BTW why won't some business fairness commission attack Apple for using their cellphone market domination to thwart competition and promote other products of their own like iMusic (e.g. the way they did with Microsoft when MS started shipping Internet Explorer built in Windows systems)? > It does integrate with Siri, which other music services cannot do, and it streams music on the Apple Watch, which other music services cannot (or will not) do. Any idea why? I think they would probably add this if Apple would provide a reasonable way to. Does anybody know if Siri and Apple Watch expose nice APIs that would let you integrate your iPhone app with them? > And the iPhone has a 30-40% market share or less on unit sales (depending on where you are). Although the iPhone-vs-Android comparison can seem to be in favour of Android, Android means many independent manufacturers competing and much more free market for the apps. No single phone manufacturer but Apple has such a market share, having 30-40-50% of the market under unconditional control of a single company means a way more of actual power and commercial value per percent for them than if it was about shares of multiple companies running same technologies summed. Here ( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16279975 ) is what I have been told in a neighbour thread: "With the iOS market share hovering slightly below 50% in the US, it's iMessage that is the main messenger, at least where I live... I don't use Whatsapp nor was I ever invited by someone to use it, but I heard it's basically the iMessage equivalent in the EU and in other places where the iOS market share is lower." I don't mean to argue nor am I a proponent of regulations. Just sharing thoughts. Thank you for the answer. Would be great if it could use SQLite and Electron already installed in the system instead of downloading/building them from the Internet sources unless that's really necessary (I actually find it strange node/electron still don't take care of this by integrating SQLite int their standard APIs anyway). The window just shows an empty brown field and nothing else, I could find no "start new scenario" or anything like that in the menu. Otherwise the idea is amazing. Surely SimCity 2000 is one of the greatest games ever and I can't wait for it to be implemented and extended as far beyond what it originally was as possible. Every currency is only worth what people believe it is, nothing else, it doesn't really matter what did it actually cost to make it. Even if that's true, trying to convince people it's not backed the way it was meant to is nearly as questionable ethically as issuing unbaked coins probably was. If people keep believing nobody will get hurt, if people stop believing the results can be catastrophic. Of course this is a slippery idea itself yet the matter is too serious to just ignore it. I am not begging you anything but think twice. I personally am not an interested party, I have no blockchain-related assets but I think about all those people who has and I see 2 possible outcomes: if it gets publicly confirmed that the coins were not backed many innocent people will loose their legitimate investments and if it's doesn't they won't, and this doesn't depend on whether the coins actually were backed or not. I don't advocate scam but punishing them may be not really worth the global consequences for people who were not consciously involved. I am not telling what should the people investigating this should choose, I am only telling they should consciously consider all potential results of their decisions. I personally believe that it usually is more important to save what we still have than to revenge what we have lost and that we should always think about the people who happen to be in a less advantageous position than we ourselves are at the time. In fact I love to speak unpopular and "inappropriate" things aloud and question "unquestionable", somebody has to anyway. I mean I already have sqlite3 executable in /usr/bin and the libraries wherever they are meant to be located. AFAIK Windows 10 comes with SQLite within $PATH too. I don't really code JavaSctipt so I am not sure but I think it probably is not really hard and probably is a more "right way" to detect SQLite binaries already available this way and use them than download/compile it for every new application using it. Of course it doesn't really matter but it would feel good for "unix way" perfectionists at least :-) Access Denied Don't get me wrong, I am not really arguing or trying to attach a moral label to whatever the side and convince you, but I am curious, perhaps there is an idea I can't get (I am a mediocre mind and didn't sleep well, that's possible). I feel like playing hide-and-seek trying to find it :-) Would you be so kind to confirm that you understand the rational (albeit questionable, possibly wrong, sure) side of my logic and try to explain if there are rational morality-free reasons other legality/justice/order (incl. preventing further market manipulations, unjustified profits and simple lie) to blow such a bubble up? I am just trying to view the situation from somewhat like a game theory point of view. I actually loved the concept of bare-number UINs used in ICQ back in the days when ICQ and AOL dominated the messengers market. Those were neutral, easy to share vocally, allowed mutable non-unique screen names and e-mails. That's a pity people don't use them any more. > Better Legitimate Alternatives By no way can a vendor-locked, regionally-policied, DRMed thing be considered a "better alternative", IMHO. I would rather pay twice (or even more) the price of the legitimate alternatives to just legalize the usage of unlimited, no-nonsence, DRM-free standard-format files exchange if only this was legally possible. OMG someone is finally going to tell me about how SVN can be better than GIT in particular cases! I have been asking this question for years out of pure curiosity yet everything I've received in response were accusations in trolling. The major problem with meth is that people don't know how to use it right (e.g. you are to take much much more vitamins (A and E in particular), minerals and antioxidants, piracetam and drink much much much more water (even though this will make you pee really often) if you use meth and you should never inject it but prefer taking it orally and in as small amounts as possible while still getting the effect (magnesium and piracetam can help fighting tolerance development) and you should avoid supplementing extra tyrosine/dopa). Another serious problem for those who want to use meth to improve their productivity and relief ADHD is that legal desoxyn costs enormous amounts of money and can be rather hard to get a prescription for (and is not available outside of the USA at all - if a qualified American doctor confirms you need it you will still have to use the black market to follow his advice if you travel abroad). There certainly are right ways to use drugs and doctors are generally supposed to know them. And some people without a medical degree/license happen to know too though they're quite rare to meet. I don't advocate mindless illegal abuse of any substances but I don't advocate mindless falsely-moralist medical purism and all the nonsensical "war on drugs" policy either. By the way I am about 99% sure that the main reason behind drug abuse epidemics, drug-induced degradation and deaths is lack of relevant education (the real kind, not just the scary "don't use drugs" stuff), lack of understanding and support. NO SUBJECT EVER should be made unspeakable. The more serious a problem is - the harder we are to try to actually understand it and everything relevant to it thoroughly and educate everybody to understand that. Imagine we would just teach kids not to use electricity / not to friend with those who use it and scare them about electrical shocks instead of telling them they should use it with their hands dry. I don't take any though I have given it a try many ears ago. I personally prefer alprazolam (aka xanax) now - it helps great with my ADHD too (especially in combination with piracetam and sunifiram) and is much safer as long a you don't abuse it (by taking high doses or mixing it with alcohol). Anyway, it is important to mention that FDA-approved meth from a licensed pharmacist costs are insane, street meth of the same or better purity is more affordable by orders of magnitude. There is also no such thing as "approved meth from a licensed pharmacist" outside the USA unfortunately so if you need it and go abroad that's a problem (I wouldn't even risk having it in my luggage). > My understanding was that Addrall and the like, while kinda similar chemically to meth Adderall is similar to amphetamine, not metamphetamine. If adderall/amphetamine doesn't help you sufficiently you need desoxyn/metamphetamine. > I've also heard that ADHD meds end up being counterproductive for people without ADHD too, though. This is true... approximately. In fact small amounts of amphetamine/adderall can boost concentration/memory/productivity in healthy people (not all of them though) too. I get you point, but... IMHO a huge portion of addictivity are the withdrawal symptoms that can be made much much easier (and last just a couple of days instead of weeks) if the measures I've described above were taken in advance (another huge part is about public stigmatization, lack of understanding and support - AFAIK happy people with loving families are by orders of magnitude less prone to become addicts). And turning into the "walking dead" is all about lack of the healthcare measures I've described above (e.g. my skin went bad once I've tried using meth for about a week many ears ago to manage with a project deadline but a strong E+A vitamin supplement has turned it back healthy overnight). > And correct me if I'm wrong, but are you advocating using meth to curb the withdrawal symptoms from meth? I am absolutely absolutely not, this is ridiculous. But I believe this is what many people do: they feel bad after the meth wears off so the take more of it. What I am saying is they should take big amounts of vitamins, piracetam and water instead (before, under and after meth) so they won't need more meth to go back to what feels normal. But I think at least 80% of meth users don't know about this (I had to educate some of them personally and this, together with support from people they loved helped them quit) and this is a huge portion of the problem. > From how I understand it meth floods the dopamine receptors in the brain and prolonged use effectively fries them, or at least they become dependent on the artificial dopamine rush that meth provides. This is true but slightly exaggerated. This problem is not really hard to resist and mitigate if you want (sad thing many people don't want as they have no other feel-good things in their lives, there also are some people that are dopamine-addicts by nature genetically - e.g. these are also prone to gambling). > As for the walking dead, here in Australia we have free socialised healthcare which meth addicts can access whenever they want. And yet they're still undernourished, missing most teeth, and engaging in what could easily be described as risky behaviour. I don't think you worry too much about all of your damaged or missing teeth when your primary concern is finding enough money to buy your next fix. Indeed deeply addicted people usually have no will, let alone knowledge to cure. By the way what things do you give away there at the centres? I would say piracetam is the most important thing but this is not confirmed scientifically by any accredited institutions so it would hardly appear in government-sponsored cnentres. It is also important to educate people about all the substances that tey should take together with the meth so it won't feel this bad after it wears off. > How it was described to me is that the dopamine receptors in the brain become "re-calibrated" This is true, but... > never come back to normal Never say never. They get back to normal rather quickly if you actually stop taking meth and start taking magnesium, piracetam and St. John's Wort and sleep well regularly. But I can't really tell for heavy addicts that inject meth instead of just snorting it and do it for years. I worry speaking this openly as it can happen to inspire some to try meth but I feel the knowledge must be shared to help those who are in the trouble already. If you know a meth addict that shows at least a minor sign of will to quit - don't blame him or tell him "just stop!", invite him to spend a meth-free weekend at your house, promise it won't hurt as bad as he thinks and feed him reasonably big amounts of the supplements I've mentioned. Another very helpful supplement is phenibut but it causes real physical addiction+tolerance itself so no more than 7 pills a month. Emoxypine and carphedon can also help a lot (safe, not addictive). > All that said I find there are some people who can be "weekend warriors" and smoke meth for pleasure without being swallowed up by it. That said I've also seen good people hollowed out by meth. I suspect it's gene based but that's suspicion alone. This is a very important thing to mention. People are different and should not be treated as perfectly equal. People that have the capacity for using substances consciously for good should not be denied the right to and stigmatized for doing this while people who can't should not be given the drug (e.g. I am pro 100% legalization of marijuana but against legalization of meth as only a minor portion of the people can manage with it constructively) and left alone without active participation of people actually understanding them. Who cares about what overseas intelligence agencies know of them? I would be much more concerned about the agencies that sit close enough to actually be interested in my person. I am exaggerating (McCarthyism is probably not this hard any more and people are much less prone to take communism seriously nowadays) but just for example: if an American gets involved in an anti-communist club in the USA China will hardly care about him in particular but if some of the people in one's phonebook happen to be communists the homeland agencies can actually go after him and ruin his life :-) I just really hope the information I share can help somebody to save their health and set them free. And I am very grateful to you for the kind words of appreciation - that's a kind of dopamine and serotonin boost those poor people we are talking about don't receive often if ever! Let me also give credits: portions of this information (e.g about need in big doses of vitamins A&E, about supplementing dopa/tyrosine while on meth being a bad idea (though good during the abstinence, together with tryptophan) and that you really must drink a huge lot of water on meth, e.g. 1-2 full glasses every time you pee - this will actually save your kidneys, not overload them) come from Quora and Reddit, others from Adam at PsychedSubstance on YouTube (see https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FlMxTpONKT0 - every advice from this video on MDMA applies to meth too), others from Wikipedia (e.g. about magnesium and emoxypine), some from my own reasoning and experimentation and the whole journey to understanding addictions has began with this extremely true video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ao8L-0nSYzg I have also tried everything on myself (many years ago, I have only met the person who given me the substance once while dead drunk at a club, can't remember his face, I don't have his number and I don't know where to get meth at all, believe it or not this is true) as well as just meth without the supplements so I could compare and confirm everything (that's not nearly as credible as a good double-blind placebo-controlled test could be but I personally have no doubts, especially in piracetam which is not FDA-approved unfortunately yet extremely effective and safe in big doses as my experience suggests). I am not a doctor, however, and can be wrong in some parts yet I believe no of my advises can harm more than just taking meth without following them (unless the patient happens to be allergic to a particular supplement or something like that). BTW, regarding the "invite him to spend a meth-free weekend at your house" part - be really careful doing this with people you don't know well, some real junkies (I haven't met any but have heard scary rumors, these were more about crack an heroine addicts, not meth, but people are different and some can be more madness-prone than others) can happen to be really dangerous, especially when they go crazy on the drug/withdrawal-induced paranoia. Make sure to keep your wife and children away, knives, guns, jewelry and windows well-locked and have a beefy buddy by your side for just a case - "better safe than sorry". And an addition about magnesium: don't use mg lactate with meth, I don't know the details but I've heard they don't fit together, prefer a chelate, oxide or citrate. Another might-be-important thing I've forgotten to mention is supplementing pro&pre-biotics: meth-induced diarrhea can harm intestinal ecology seriously and a recent study I've read about in New Scientist says the major portion of all body serotonin (which is crucial for emotional well-being and also affected by meth) is produced in the intestines, not in the brain. PS: I'm not on meth writing this much :-) Just too much coffee, "the stairs effect", urge to procrastinate and enthusiasm to help people by sharing understanding :-) I wouldn't call Ram Dass weird, but the others certain are. Especially that "amplified DNA of deceased famous people like Elvis Presley" stuff. So why exactly did they went this loon? Too high dosages? Or did they just realize they can imagine wildly and market that for profit? Why not just use Markov chains to generate nonsensical though realistic text of words that really tend to occur near each other? Cool as hell, I have always wanted this and have been thinking about such a flashcards base every day for quite a time already! Great news it's here! I just hope to see more cool free courses on this platform soon. But there is a feature I want badly: a KDE5 plasmoid widget to show the cards on my desktop, switching them every now and then so they will catch my attention and get memorized as I use my PC (I use it about 10 hours a day and I believe many other hackers do the same) without me having to dedicate time for this. I also believe other people might also appreciate similar desktop widgets for Windows, Android and other platforms. Another feature I miss is a button to discard a card. E.g. when I study country flags and see a flag I remember perfectly and have always knew - I want to click once and never see it again in the repeat series. Also, it would be nice if I could choose the correct answer (e.g. a county name for a flag) by clicking it among a set of options instead of typing it in manually all the time. Does it have an API? I would like to build an app around the flashcards database (a completely free one, giving full and very visible credits to SoYouLearn of course). Can I? So great that there actually are influential politicians who understand that universal income is not a luxury but a necessity for a modern society. Perhaps, yet having to type it every time (I ALWAYS know the correct spelling, for my whole life I have been wondering how do people actually manage to misspell English words, even though English is not my first language ans I have actually had to study it from scratch at the school) is extremely annoying and discouraging, kicking me out of the flow state quickly. I just wonder how much less efficient recognition is compared to recall. IMHO internet projects, especially free data-centric projects shold just be made as granular as possible. There should be a project to maintain the actual data base and independent projects to display and integrate this data. And as far as I know this is how it actually is in the world of OSM though the actual projects are not being developed and marketed actively enough. I may be wrong - I have never really used OSM (I prefer the proprietary map project native to the country I live in - it does the local job much better than both OSM and Google), just read about it a number of times. Forbidding hardware/software owners from exploring and/or modifying the device or the copy of a program they have legitimately bought whatever a way they want and selling their legitimate property (even after they have modified it) just ought to be banned completely IMHO. The main problem of BSD OSes (including FreeBSD and macOS) is that they include different (not 100% compatible) versions of the basic command line tools and the GNU versions usually are better. > I would argue it’s the GNU tools that are not 100% compatible. The BSD tools are very much the same as they always have been in Unix of old. Of course, that's the point: the GNU tools undergo relatively active development and grow better while the BSD tools don't. > So, if anything, it is GNU that is "different" and "incompatible". (Not necessarily a bad thing, mind you) What I mean under "incompatible" is not-supporting everything that the other does. Just couple of trivial examples: `sed -i 's/require/include/' Rakefile` throws `invalid command code R` Mac (you must use `sed -i "" 's/require/include/' Rakefile` instead) and `dd` does not support `status=progress` on Mac so you have to pipe it through `pv` and this is not free in terms of performance. Cool! Thanks! This is a thing I wish every program on every OS would support. What exactly does it do? Although it is such a buzzword nowadays I still have absolute zero idea about how are these "smart contract" things used and what Ethereum is if not "a better BitCoin" (and if it is - what kind of applications can you build with it? money exchange/ecommerce/gambling?). A smart contract is a computer protocol intended to digitally facilitate, verify, or enforce the negotiation or performance of a contract. Smart contracts allow the performance of credible transactions without third parties. Smart Contracts are self-executing contractual states, stored on the blockchain, which nobody controls and therefore everyone can trust. Etc... So what exactly can these be used for other than for what ordinary paper contracts are used? What does it mean to build an app with this? Is this just about developing digital wallets/baskets or what? Yes, I am this stupid when it comes to this subject. I would really appreciate if somebody could direct me to an article/video/book that would explain the thing from the practical point of view for a plain old application developer having zero understanding of what's this all about. And what can this be used for? I can hardly imagine any real-world application for this but distributed calculations like Folding@home, SETI@home, password cracking, DDoS-ing etc. And I totally can't imagine what can this have to do with a GUI framework like vue.js. I have felt this way for my whole life since my very childhood (when working meant doing homework). In my case this is ADHD. Ask your doctor about this. As for me (disclaimer: don't try this without consulting to a doctor, also note neither piracetam nor sunifiram are FDA-approved, anyway sunifiram should never be taken in doses higher than I do - it would do much bad and no good) I have found out empirically (I have tried many different things, adderall helped too but far not this great) that a combination of ¼ of a xanax pill once a day + a combination of 1200mg of piracetam, 4mg of sunifiram, 500mg of l-tyrosine and a strong multivitamin complex pill 2-3 times a day solves the problem by making me happy, concentrated and productive. Is there a reasonably simple (and reasonably documented) yet reasonably usable free open-source application of this kind available to study? By the way, can I use the blockchain as a decentralized replacement for a database (e.g. instead of MongoDB/CouchDB) for my app so that all the data submitted (provided it's lightweight immutable semantic data, i.e. "facts" accompanied with small (never bigger than 256 symbols, usually smaller) amounts of parameters) will be stored in the blockchain? If yes, where do I get started (without having any blockchain experience to the moment)? Is there some kind of tutorial that would explain this vue-ethereum-ipfs things (the README.md of the repo by the links makes near-zero sense to me but I am eager to develop a "multiplayer" VUE app that would store its data "nowhere and everywhere")? > You probably live in one of the less corrupt countries in the world, where the public record the ownership you hold over your house won’t disappear over night. In sufficiently corrupt countries they don't even have to disappear, they just can be either ignored easily or proclaimed illegitimate. A blockchain record saying you own something means nothing in countries where these are not legally recognized and I don't know any where they are (but Estonia, perhaps) and especially in corrupt countries where police and judges do whatever they are told by particular people rather than the law, the evidence or whatever. Also, a person can just come and beat the secret key out of you and submit whatever transactions he wants to the actual blockchain in countries like that. Elm is awesome. I just wish much more people and companies would adopt it (and ClojureScript) so it would gain popularity close to that of TypeScript. This could make the web (and the frontend job market) a better place. Indeed! As for me and for many businesses the most important question is what is easier to engineer, support and run on different platforms. For a person who loves Scala, Haskell and Python and have heard a lot about LISP (and even uses a DIY LISP notation to serialize some stuff in some projects) yet didnt't have time to actually study LISP yet... In what parts can LISP or Scheme be better than Haskell as a programming language from the practical point of view? I.e. why should I choose to code a program in LISP rather than in Haskell or some other functional language? Wanting to learn other tech is mostly a question of how much effort will you have to invest in it before you get reasonably fluent. I don't really know about Qt but if learning it is a matter of a weekend (provided you already know a compatible programming language and have experience in UI design) then I don't think it's a problem. But I doubt it is this easy with Qt. I have had an idea of developing a KDE5 desktop plasmoid widget so I have taken a look at other plasmoids QML source codes and they didn't look easy to me, it felt like HTML is more intuitive (although I am not a web developer actually). Just don't let an application to connect to the Internet unless you actually want it to (i.e. I would only allow the browser, the SSH client and the messenger). Good news this policy is rather easy to implement on Windows (Sphinx Windows 10 Firewall Control and many alternative application firewalls), Mac (Little Snitch) and Android (DroidWall, XPrivacy). Bad news it seems quite hard to implement on GNU/Linux desktops (I don't know about any practical solutions). > but prison was definitely justified IMHO prison is never justified for people that pose no physical danger to others. A reasonably big (as big as he can actually afford) fine and ban on working on government and financial positions could be enough. Take all the millions (and more) from them leaving them only the amount of money necessary for humble survival (a cheap room rental and mediocre meals) and give the money back to the victims. Ok, let's spend $33000 more on them every ear just to torture them by keeping them in the horrible conditions of a prison for the sweet sense of revenge... > What makes you think there would be more money than what the scammer took? They probably had something before they have committed the scam and they also might have been getting their fancy salary during the scam too... > We have no theory of language error-proneness Language error-proneness is directly proportional to the rate of usage of mutability and side effects. Immutable references to immutable objects don't quirk and pure functions always do exactly the same thing (usually exactly what you expect them to do). The first time I have tried Scala (having no prior functional programming experience) I was mesmerised with how well it worked: every successful build would result in a program doing exactly what it was supposed to do (run-time quirks or errors were extremely rare) and whenever a build failed it was usually rather easy to find and fix the failure reason. Theoretically this can be true. I.e. you can write anything (good or bad, correct of quirky, fast or slow) adequate to your skills in C so being proficient enough you can potentially end up with a C program that would solve the same task faster than a functional/mixed program in Scala. In practice, however, real-world Scala programs usually run approximately as fast (or faster) than real programs real humans write in C as far as I know (and can be developed/modified much faster). And they are less prone to crash, expose a vulnerabilities, produce wrong results or have portability problems. But they indeed tend to require a way more memory than you would probably fit in if you'd go the old-school way using manual memory management, sharing and re-using memory regions as much as possible. Mutation is not the only source of errors but I believe it is the source of at least 80% (probably more) of errors. RIP Heron (;,;) Cool! BTW, there is so much LISP on HN, I just wish it could actually get some momentum in the real world of production programming... Cool! Does anybody also know a good blockchain crash course of similar kind so one could grok all the major buzzwords of today? Both leftists and rightists have their strong shares of adorable and of disgusting stuff. I'd rather be a republican if not all the religious, nazi and false-moralist BS they use to promote. I'd rather be a democrat if not all the extra regulation, taxation, bureaucracy, hypocrisy/hyper-polite-correctness etc. Use i2P, Luke! I'm not a physicist but as far as I know the key concept of the Everett interpretation is that you can think of universe states as of vectors and perform mathematical operations on them. IMHO giving up the ability to think this way would be a tragic loss. Many other parts of the list would make a huge pity to forget too. This is adorable. I wish other sites like YouTube, GitHub, Wikipedia etc would also refuse to remove something or block something in particular for particular country. Why not just make a conscious decision to stop developing new features and dedicate all the effort to refactoring then? This ought to be built into everything so financial applications can stop using slow software decimal types. > If you're an employee building a product for a company, management's always going to push for features What company? What management? What customers? What features? Are we still talking about DOSBox? I would absolutely prefer my country to try blocking access to Github, Youtube or Wikipedia rather than Github/Youtube/Wikipedia to block particular content for it on its demand. In fact I would bypass the block anyway so it doesn't really matter practically but it matters a lot from the political point of view. The governments/institutions demanding web sites to prevent their citizens from accessing particular content are modern day legal terrorists and tyrants and nobody should ever agree to negotiate such things with them nor volunteer to participate in oppressing their citizens. It doesn't. And it is a mistake to take ethics for granted and think of it as a norm because the majority of people, including those who govern and implement businesses make unethical things every day. I hope this might change once but for today the only constructive strategy is to accept this fact and defend yourselves. The whole thing should be deprecated altogether. Even if true, the lone fact that a person had abused a substance (or not abused but used - taking a substance without a prescription doesn't imply abusing, there actually are some people capable of conscious and constructive substance usage) means nothing and should never be used against the person in any way. Separating families for just this alone is ridiculous. You still are to prove that the person has developed actual addiction/habit, aggressive behavior and really harms anyone but him/herself in any way (more than the sanctions will harm them). I don't mean it actually works this way (one actually has to prove the problem is real, serious and actually affects the children to remove them), I mean it should work this way (I've taken a look at the video, the first ⅓ of it) > Plays MP3s (also FLAC, AAC, AIFF and WAV) What about OPUS? The player looks really cool but OPUS (together with FLAC) is the audio format of today, not MP3 (in fact it is plain ancient and the worst option available today, worse than WMA, worse than Vorbis, worse than AAC, worse than OPUS). As for me I've recoded hundreds of gigabytes of MP3s to OPUS already to save huge lots of space (which is very precious on a 128 GiB MacBook SSD as well as on mobiles) without loosing quality. Did you know a 32 kbps OPUS podcast/audiobook sounds exactly the same as a 192 kbps MP3? The ratio is not this mind-blowing yet still very impressive for music files too: 128 kbits OPUS music file soudns like 256-320 kbps MP3. Please add OPUS support and I will start recommending your player to everybody. This is obvious. Whoever collects MP3 files already knows what a lossy compression format means. I don't mean recoding FLAC to OPUS can save space without loosing quality, I mean recoding MP3 to OPUS can save space producing a file of the same quality as the MP3 original is. Obviously it will have less quality than a FLAC/CDDA original but not less than MP3 (unless you actually set the bitrate too low). E.g. I am sure converting a 256 kbits MP3 to a 192 kbits OPUS means no loss anybody can hear and converting it to 128 kbits OPUS may only mean tiny loss almost nobody can hear. Speaking about lossy format implies there is always a loss from the mathematical point of view, no loss means no perceivable loss in this context. The same kind of loss as caused by using cheap audio cables instead of golden cables perhaps... (sarcasm) It would make sense to speak about quality loss if it was about FLAC originals but not if the originals are already MP3. You can't save what is not there. I have lost (left behind moving) all my CDs a decade ago already and I didn't have enough HDDs to use FLAC back in the days. Now I recode my 320 kbits MP3s to 128 kbits OPUS and can't tell the difference (although I am one of those rare people who can distinguish between high (128+ kbits) MP3 bitrates). C is great and SQLite seems doing amazing leveraging its power. Yet I bloody wish there were alternative (yet 100% compatible on the file format and SQL dialect levels) SQLite implementations native to specific languages/platforms (e.g. .Net). In just so many cases the DB speed is the least priority while simplicity and portability are valued much higher (in these particular cases). Every time I build a humble desktop .Net app featuring an SQLite database it turns into in a ridiculous "try this, google a lot, try that, repeat, .... oh wow, it works!... oh, it doesn't" nightmare and even if it actually starts working nobody really knows how to deploy such an app on another computer (especially if it runs a different kind of OS) correctly. SQLite is arguably the best of what has happened to the world of desktop/embedded databases ever yet lack of alternative (not necessarily this fast) implementations in high-level languages is its main problem IMHO. > For instance, Windows binary deployments are quite predictable (and often dead simple... It's neither predictable, nor simple nor easily portable when it's about a mixture of managed (C#, Java etc.) and native (C, C++, asm etc) code. I'm happy to know the Windows UWP platform finally has it built-in but I code WinForms and console apps targeting Windows 7 + Mac and Linux with Mono and using SQLite always means a problem (yet I always want to use SQLite to store anything (except just some things that obviously fit other ways of storage better) because it's great and it's a standard supported everywhere). In just so many countries (including those many people never know are in too) the state-led war on privacy and communication freedom is getting hotter and hotter. Some countries do it openly, some manage to look liberal until you look closer. Just try to start marketing a proprietary privacy-oriented messenger app or something like that and the intelligence guys will emerge promptly at your doorstep, demanding you to bake a backdoor in. Sad but true. I don't really know how are we (the people, who value privacy of themselves and of the others) going to win this war while keeping legal, it's an open challenge so far... AFAIK the fact of TOR usage is rather easy to detect. AFAIK (from some news here on HN) you can get SWATed and arrested for a mere suspicion (e.g a false positive by an automated traffic analysis system) of using an end-to-end encrypting messenger or even Twitter in Turkey. I doubt it is legal and safe to use TOR in such countries. We need something that is harder to detect on the client ISP side. > Technolgoists need to remember that tech is nothing without law. It works both ways. A law can be almost nothing without technical means to enforce it efficiently. There can be cases that make a law [almost] futile so the governments give it up. E.g. many governments tried to ban alcohol but it's so easy (yet dangerous as it can blow up and set the house on fire, especially if the cook is drunk and/or the hardware is amateur) to produce at home that fighting it seriously just doesn't seem to make any sense. Some governments have tried to ban the phalaris grass as it may contain tiny amounts of ​dimethyltryptamines but it just grows all over everywhere so they have given up the ban as it was almost as ridiculous as it would be to ban sand, flies or whatever this common. The problem is to invent a medium for exchanging messages that is easy to establish independently (no need for uncommon devices, no special requirements to the underlying ISP) yet very hard to detect, compromise or disrupt. This sounds like a serious challenge yet not like an entirely impossible thing provided breakthroughs in mathematics/cryptography, physics and the telecom tech still happen from time to time. Some political/economical factors may also play on our side occasionally. My hope is for the whole Internet to morph into a fully-decentralized distributed network employing DIY P2P links as its organic and vital part. Perhaps this may happen once if something is going to make classic ISPs unprofitable and stimulate growth of MESH networks with something like i2P serving as a layer connecting them in one secure and reliable global network. They can hardly run around sticking everyone for having what everybody can have easily and what is not easily visible unless too many people start collaborating and reporting each other. I am not even sure it has actually fallen. It seems a lot we are still living in what it has morphed into. Just out of curiosity, how many people have been killed by human-driven cars on the same day in Arizona? Indeed VBA is a very curious phenomenon. It is cool from the retro-lover point of view (and nostalgia makes me enjoy having to code it occasionally in the real life) yet a horrible atavism from the modern developer point of view. The built-in code editor is not much smarter than Notepad is and the language itself is a ridiculous cargo-cult-level OOP imitation with no real OOP nor functional (wouldn't these be of great use in Excel?) concepts, just a slightly face-lifted QBasic capable of defining simple algorithms and interfacing native code. I can hardly understand why it still hasn't been phased-out and replaced with Python or something like that. Why? It (VB6) was the first language I've learnt and I have had a lot of fun coding it as a kid (so I can think in it and have no bias against it) yet I don't understand how can it be considered productive or any good at all compared to Python or even JavaScript. One can probably say that Python and JavaScript are more complex and harder to learn - I would disagree: everything you can code in VBA can be coded in Python or JavaScript in the same manner, with the same simplicity and ease, conscious usage of concepts that can be considered advanced and/or tricky for non-programmers to undetsatnd is optional. What part other than the fact it doesn't ever change or that it reminds them about their childhood actually makes people like VBA? Indeed. Visual Basic for DOS was a mind-blowig discovery for me as a retro-loving kid that was coding VB6 for Windows while playing mostly DOS games. I wish something alike (though based on a modern language like Python) existed today letting us create modern cross-platform TUI apps visually... Same story. I have always been dreaming of a Linux equivalent for LittleSnitch. More than a decade has passes since I've switched to Linux, still nothing... > their users are there voluntarily Not really. Many people just feel they have to use Facebook to connect with the society efficiently. Some people even consider those who don't use Facebook weird. > I am getting a bit annoyed by how shocked people on here are about this. Exactly. Didn't people know all the proprietary social networks are spyware+adware? That's the way they earn money. BTW Ghostery says it knows 92 trackers in the social media category. I've only mentioned Ghostery to show there are dozens other social networks known spying on you. Do you happen to know one that doesn't? Physical violence is obsolete. Rioters are futile. The only way to victory over tyranny is inventing a kind of media efficient, reliable, anonymous, invisible and easy to establish enough to set information flows free without any compromises, totally or almost totally impossible to control, limit, eavesdrop or detect. I believe this is what separates the humanity from the next major level of development. The new messiah will be an engineer, physicist and/or a mathematician to invent whatever will make this possible. Whatever. A theoretical one. You name it. From whatever a political angle you are watching, you can probably notice quite a number of them in the world. By definition a regime is considered a tyranny once it starts doing harder to keep the power at whatever the costs than to improve well-being of the people. In the past people could oppose peacefully or violently, today they can't. My hypothesis is that a society where anybody can easily communicate to anybody secretly at any time will become an effectively self-regulating organism making cancers of organized crime and tyranny nonviable. Special services like the NSA or Roskomnadzor say they need to be able to eavesdrop and/or block everything to fight the bad guys, I believe this probably is a mistake (or a lie - everybody just wants the One ring and fighting the darkness is just an excuse to keep it) so whatever an app they try and fail to have/block has my sympathies. Once an app or whatever emerges able to stand the ground long enough and easy enough for everybody to use we'll see. 5hz binaural beats may help some lucky people (used to help me greatly once, stopped working some years later). You can generate them easily with SBaGen, just make sure to avoid joint stereo mode and bitrates below 192 kbits if you compress to MP3 then. Aren't all of these a way too complex? All I want of a "social network" is to create a page to express my personality efficiently (by presenting whoever interested some pictures, music and quotes I like, publishing some thoughts of mine perhaps) and let them leave me a message (not to talk, just to leave a message, I will contact them by the contacts they may provide (e.g. WhatsApp/Telegram/email) if and when I want). Nothing else. The page is to be easy to find for everybody and free for me to have (requiring no maintenance nor a hosting subscription). What options match this the best? There are Reddit and HN for crowd discussions, there are WhatsApp and Telegram to chat with friends, there is Twitter (with relaxed message length limit, finally!) to post your updates if you want and to contact people publicly. All we actually need "a facebook" for is to present ourselves. Gnome 3 is everywhere because it is the default in all the major distributions but this doesn't mean people like it. I personally think it actually is the weirdest DE ever and only popular for political reasons. Isn't Unity a way better and a way closer to OS X? Strange indeed. Maybe they are using some kind of Linux tablets? Gnome 3 seems an amazing DE for a tablet. Or maybe this is just a habit - perhaps they had to use Gnome 3 in the past and just don't want to change anything. I have hardly ever used a computer less than 5 years old. All the computers I've used (except the most ancient) had built-in graphics. Yet I have never seen a single sign of slowness from KDE ever. I totally don't understand people saying KDE is slow or resource-heavy. Manjaro with KDE is yummy. I am extremely happy with Manjaro. The only problem is it doesn't include a WiFi driver to support 2013 MacBook Air, you will have to install it manually if you have this model. What does Gnome 3 have in common with macOS at all? I use a MacBook every day yet every time I've given Gnome 3 a try it seemed a way too bizarre to me. It doesn't even have a traditional dock (unless you install one). Why download OpenJDK manually when you can install it from the repos on every Linux? I see. Thank you for explaining. As for me macOS is just the dock, the global menu (both replicated and enhanced nicely in Unity, as well as in KDE though KDE global menu works with Qt apps only and Unity global menu works with Gtk apps only) and a BSD terminal :-) As for Mission Control - I have never used it on Mac but on KDE moving the mouse cursor to the top left corner of the screen shows all the windows in the manner looking a lot like the screenshot in the Wikipedia article for Mission Control. As for the Gnome 3 top panel - I agree it is the most pointless part of it, I wish it could host the application menu the way it does in macOS and Unity. The problem is Linux apps seemingly lack a standard for this so it wouldn't work with all the apps, that's why I've came to the conclusion I don't need a top panel at all. What's the point of avoiding the standard Java installer provided by Oracle then? I thought the only problem with it is that you are not allowed to put it in the distros or automate its downloading. > I suppose most of the use is because they don't use the DE itself that much, it's mostly just a launcher for the stuff they use. Why not use a pure WM of a kind or XFCE then? > full-screen IDE on one monitor, browser and terminal on the other. What do they do with the activities stuff then as they use to have 2 physical monitors? That was the idea: the reason the majority uses Gnome 3 is probably not because they actually like it for its unique features. Sounds crazy. Would you be so kind to provide an example? Cool! Thanks! I wish I could +10 this. I haven't actually tested it so far but if it works it's amazing. By the way, isn't there something like this for launcher icon based indicators? Many apps show some status (e.g. number of unread messages, operation progress etc) as an overlay to their icons in the Unity launcher panel. Many apps (e.g. Krusader) do the same in KDE. Some (e.g. Chrome) do this in both the mentioned DEs but many non-KDE apps (e.g. Telegram) fail to do this in KDE. You mean the new year-based versioning system? I think it's not that bad (until they decide to introduce breaking changes). Indeed, Oracle giving Java EE away and switching to enterprise-hostile release cycle after watching peacefully at major browsers retiring Java applets support suggests it has lost interest in Java (but the trademark and, perhaps, some patents) but I still believe the JVM platform is still very far from its coffin as it provides great base for amazing aspiring languages like Scala and as Java itself keeps its pretty secure place among the most widely used languages. By the way, out of pure curiosity (by no means I intend to question your DE choice, quite contrary), have you tried recent KDE? I'm just curious if it actually misses some good parts Gnome 3 has and if these can be added to KDE eventually. Wouldn't it be a way too much? Wouldn't the people get the clue immediately in such a scenario? Pourquoi-Pas? Some words, phrases and symbols from foreign languages can become internationally-famous so almost everybody can understand them and also gain meme-like semantic self-emphasize. ¡No pasarán! ॐ PS: I have also heard it's quite popular among French metal bands to use German in their names to sound scarier (e.g. Blut Aus Nord). Of course it does and can deny it - isn't a user forced to grant the permission when installing the app? IMHO Google is to stop abuses like this on the Android OS level by means of allowing users to deny any particular permission an app demands and still install the app, encouraging users to grant/deny every particular permission consciously and forcing the app authors to handle denial of any particular permission gracefully without crashes and without denying to function (but in the cases when it is absolutely physically impossible to fulfill the function the user invokes without the missing permission). > nor do I ever acquire unlockable devices. Do you mean non-unlockable? > bad actions of a few What bad actions? If you mean an AI car killing a person - that's hardly "an action", that's an accident. Classic human-driven cars kill people every day yet are allowed to continue operation. Do people really expect self-driving cars to be not just more safe than classic but actually 100% safe? By the way I myself don't drive at all and only use public transport (and a bicycle to ride the countryside). A major reason stopping me from driving is I can't logically understand how can I make sure I am not going to kill anybody if I drive at a speed considered normal (rather than something ridiculous like 15 km/h) and somebody may jump out right in front of my car suddenly (which is very very far from an impossible encounter). I am totally car-phobic yet I really doubt suspending self-driving cars operation can make the roads more safe. I trust AIs much more than humans when it comes to subjects like this - they can fail occasionally (especially in guaranteed failure situations like when a pedestrian emerges right in front of you all of a sudden) but are seemingly less prone to fail than humans are. Thanks. This makes sense then. Why did they do this? As far as I know the selection of officially unlockable phones is extremely humble. Unlocking a phone usually means using hacks voiding warranty and/or violating licenses. I absolutely support the people choosing to go this way morally (and am one of them myself) yet I think it's sad that people are forced to do illegal-ish hackery to configure their phones a reasonable way and protect their privacy. I have also heard about a man that was put in prison for hacking his nintendo so the whole thing gets scarier and scarier. There is nothing wrong in telling what do you feel about something when you are asked. And there is no problem in expressing an unpopular opinion on HN as you can sign-up anonymously at any time and just share whatever thoughts you want. Paint.NET is by far the best the best picture editor I've seen. Not nearly as feature-reach as GIMP or Photoshop so not an option for graphics professionals but for casual usage - it's bloody amazing, extremely intuitive in particular. I use Pinta on Linux and Mac - it's not as great as the original Paint.NET but still very handy while GIMP is like vim - you have to study it before you can use it (and you are going to forget what you have learnt if you don't use it regularly). Many (not the majority but still many) people scroll straight to the bottom to see what happens to be there after reading the top comments and also quick-read the comments in the middle (as there actually are many valuable comments on HN). Anyway, hesitating to say something is not always the best idea, maybe it ought to be said aloud while everybody hesitates. In feature completeness - obviously. In usability - hardly. I have never seen any picture editor, free or non-free that I (not a graphics professional, just a webmaster) would enjoy using nearly as much as I enjoy using Paint.NET. Photoshop looks notably more stylish (Paint.NET looks great too, GIMP looks mediocre from the aesthetical point of view) and feels a little bit more intuitive than GIMP yet still very hard to use until you spend days-weeks-months studying it and gaining experience. Paint.NET is 100% intuitive, no need to study, you just use it, looks great, feels convenient and does almost (for some things I actually use GIMP occasionally) everything I ever need quick-and-easy. The fact it is free is an amazing bonus to such a great product. Well, I've installed the gmenu-dbusmenu-proxy-git package from AUR, enabled the global menu panel and restarted the computer. GTK apps menus still won't go to the panel. How do I turn this proxy on? Thank you for the recommendations, I'll evaluate these. BTW I think I would love a "VPN" (the term itself is misused massively, oftentimes it is just a proxy) accessed via WebRTC so it would be harder for the men in the middle to tell whether I am using a "VPN" or just calling somebody. Perhaps people in countries like China could make great use of such a thing too. That's exactly what I think (though I am not 100% sure). The time has came for this IMHO. It's time to delete everything and close our social media accounts. We ought to quit this game. By the way, do they understand people change? Immature minds are prone to idealize all kinds of bullshit (incl. marxism and eugenics), daemonize whoever and whatever does not fit in their view (usually extremely narrow to the moment) and shout about this aloud but they grow older, expand their understanding and change their views. How many people don't feel embarrassed reading the comments they have posted years ago? Is there a convertible "Yoga"-kind version available? I am considering buying it. Thank you for sharing the experience! By the way, have you tried using a stylus to minimize the amount of finger fat you leave on the screen? Or are the blotches on the cover actually so visible? Is there something like this available for Linux and Windows PCs? Great idea. But why RSS when there is Atom? Is there a tutorial on setting up your own? I've got a huge hosts file and would like it to affect all the devices at my home but setting up a DNS server always seemed high-level black magic to me. Schools are for educating, not for prohibiting or judging. If you believe vaping is bad for kids or whoever - educate them about why do you think so and let them decide for themselves. When I was a schoolboy everybody believed kids that smoke don't grow as they get older, nobody wanted to become a gnome :-) If there is a real health threat we are to be able to explain it to the children, if there isn't - we probably should just let the do what they want. How is densification of any good at all? Why not just develop nearby regions and move more housing and businesses there instead? BTW what are some good alternatives to Duolingo? More grammar-focused perhaps, less fun if necessary. I have given PC and Android versions of Anki a number of tries yet I couldn't understand how to use it at all. Why do people use xz anyway? As for me I just use tar.gz when I need to backup a piece of a Linux file system into an universally-compatible archive, zip when I need to send some files to a non-geek and 7z to backup a directory of plain data files for myself. And I dream of the world to just switch to 7z altogether but it is hardly possible as nobody seems interested in adding tar-like unix-specific metadata support to it. I have always been perceiving time just this way. What the article describes seems just obvious while fitting in the common model of time an schedules is rather hard and always very stressing for me. > zip is just as good A major problem of zip is the "codepage hell" (it has been almost eradicated in browsers but still lives in zip archives, e-mails and non-.Net Windows programs). With 7z you just always know nobody is going to have problems decoding the names of the files inside it, whatever languages those are in, regardless to the system locale. Running an URL shortener. So effort. Wow :-) On some forums/CMSes bare links to YouTube are converted to full-sized previews automatically and you can't disable this behaviour. You just make a piece of text a plain hyperlink to a YouTube video and once you click "submit" the parser comes into the play and a huge picture appears in the middle of your text instead of a couple of words. Masking the link with goo.gl solves the problem and adds an extra goodie letting you see how many people have followed your link. Shortened URLs are also easier to type by hand / read aloud and look prettier visually. > we will send a nice "we miss you, come back and here's X Naira voucher" email. The conversation rate for this one was always greater than 50%. Wow. I could never imagine so many people actually read marketing e-mails Wow! Would you mind sharing some practical advice on how to actually train to read this fast? Where can I download the device schematics (or order a pre-assembled device) and an instruction manual on how to use it? I really bloody want a kind of "a crutch" that would throw me in a lucid dream without all that "dream journal" kind of exercises. It obviously is a purely political decision having little or nothing to do with plain linguistic or practical value. So the only way to judge it as wise or unwise is how it is going to affect the country economical, social and political development in the long term. Using pure 26-letter Latin alphabet means using multi-letter combinations to represent particular sounds and/or using same letters to represent very different sounds in different contexts. Both things feel very ugly. I am not really familiar with non-european alphabets but Č (Czech, Croatian, Latvian) looks much better and easier to read than CH (English), CZ (Polish), TCH (French) or TSCH (German, I'm not even sure I've spelled it correctly, it may happen to be even longer and more weird in German). And you can fit more in a twit this way :-) When I was a student speed-writing huge amounts of text on lectures I went even further, e.g. using Ŋ in place of NG in Eŋliš :-) The idea that everybody must work and people that don't are a kind of evil, that everybody must sacrifice something (even when nobody actually needs it) to justify their fundamental needs being fulfilled (even if it doesn't actually cost anything) is itself a fundamental evil. The real virtue of economic development is setting everybody free. I get your point but AFAIK there actually are many people annoyed by the mere idea that some people wouldn't work and would just enjoy their free time while they work, but as for me if I were producing (voluntarily and without working too hard preferably) a lot more productive output than I need myself I would absolutely not mind if the rest was distributed among other people and I would not care whether they work or not. I would actually be more happy to know that the people my work feeds just attend a university, do art or just have fun rather tan that they spend their lives on a chair in a government-funded office doing some useless paperwork to justify getting what they get. As far as I understand modern production technologies may need rather humble number of humans to produce amounts of goods enough for much much much more people so the situation when one man work yields enough to feed a thousand is not a fantasy. I actually doubt many people that actually do useful productive work do just the amount to feed themselves even if they are paid just the amount. And there also is a huge number of obstacles that can prevent people from doing what they are good at or anything useful at all. In many countries and in many areas people still have to compete to get a job even if they are willing to work. A coder can be denied a job for not smiling enough, being bad at solving puzzles or having a degree less fancy than another applicant has. Will to do a job and will (and capability) to compete are very different things. I can hardly imagine how can StackOverflow be specifically hostile to women or racial minorities. I have never witnessed anybody being rude to another person for just their gender or skin colour there. Do anybody even care about who the author of a question or an answer is? A question is either interesting or nonsensical or normal, an answer is either useful or not. I don't think many people care to explore the author profile to write a gender/racially-specific answer/comment, also nobody is forced to disclose their race, sex or real name on StackOverflow AFAIK. At the same time all the "question quality" stuff seems a purist loon crazy well beyond reason. There are many highly-upvoted and much-bookmarked questions that are reasonable and interesting and have useful, highly-upvoted answers but get closed and deleted for stupid reasons so only high-rank users can see them. As for me I use to upvote (and hurry to answer if I can) reasonable and valid questions that others vote to close out of pure protest. Robots! As for me I just take good old piracetam every day (for more than 10 years already, huge doses occasionally) and feel great. Sadly it is not and will never be approved by FDA as no corporation is interested in funding credible research. Emoxypine is another substance that can be good do take regularly (though in recommended doses only, it is not nearly as dosage-flexible as piracetam AFAIK) if your brain fails to get the amounts of oxygen it needs. DISCLAIMER: I have no medical license or education. All my knowledge comes from Wikipedia, Reddit and my personal experience. The below is not a qualified medical advice nor a credible research result. No side effects specifically related to long term use are known so far. Regular doctor check-ups don't show anything that could be related. Stopping taking piracetam (I do it occasionally for a month or two as a safety measure) is also never a problem - absolutely no withdrawal of any kind. The Russian instruction manual put in every box of piracetam there specifically recommends (at least it did a decade ago) to start taking it regularly as you reach 50 and keep taking it forever to fight brain aging, European instructions (piracetam is an approved over-the-counter medicine in some and a prescription medicine in others) lack this recommendation and recommend to avoid taking piracetam for periods exceeding 8 weeks without a doctor recommendation. As for short-term side-effects (that can be experienced until a pill wears off) - it can increase anxiety/aggressiveness/paranoia etc slightly (which can affect you occasionally if you loose conscious awareness of the fact your feelings are altered by the substance, as long as you are conscious about it it is rarely a problem) and make it harder to fall asleep so don't take it at evenings and avoid it if you are prone to anger. Keeping your mouth shut is also harder under piracetam, make sure you don't tell people anything you shouldn't. You may need (not necessarily, it depends) to be taking piracetam (I take 1200 mg 1-2 times a day usually, up to 8 times a day occasionally) for up to some weeks before you start feeling the difference. WARNING: I'd also warn against taking it before driving (or try it with a bicycle first at least and make sure you do good at maintaining proper concentration), especially if you have ADHD - a piracetam-stimulated mind can start wandering between random ideas too vigorously occasionally and you can forget to pay enough attention to the road. It also makes many brain-affecting substances (including alcohol) act stronger and wear-off faster and cures/prevents (not entirely but the difference can hardly go unnoticed) hangovers. It plays amazingly well with alprazolam by eliminating drowsiness, maintaining sharp mind and vigor while alprazolam keeps your mood good and helps to concentrate. I believe it may also fight addiction/tolerance development but I have never been taking alprazolam or anything like that long enough to develop addiction. It is also important to mention that modern piracetam derivatives (like carphedon or sunifiram) differ significantly and you can't extend all the above to them. They act instantly and produce great synergic effect with piracetam (piracetam + carphedon feels like enlightenment the first time you experience that) but are much less dosage-safe (never overdose sunifiram!) and play different with other stuff e.g. carphedon does NOT play nice with benzodiazepines according to my experience (but sunifiram does, sunifiram + piracetam + alprazolam = great productivity; and sunifiram is also known to increase neuroplasticity in particular AFAIK). WARNING: I have no idea how any of the substances mentioned above may interact with statin or anticoagulants or affect blood pressure, please be very careful and consult with you doctor if you can (no american doctor can recommend piracetam or anything like that officially as these are not approved by FDA but maybe they should have a chance to warn you if your condition or the medicines you take are known to be incompatible with piracetam). I have asked a friend of mine to bring some from Russia - it is available over the counter there under the brand names of "mexidol" and "mexiprim". Amazon.com search for emoxypine also yields a number of offers. AFAIK it is produced in Germany and is also available there under some brand name I don't know. No world-class credible research seems available but Russian and Chinese research says it is safe and helps brain to fight suffocation and oxidative stress. What the Wikipedia article says and my own experience is all I know about it. A friend of mine has told me he has taken too much of it (4 pills at a time) once and it made him very drowsy. I have never experienced any undesirable effects myself (because I've never tried taking more than 2 pills at a time probably). I take emoxypine when I start feeling mild yet chronic feeling of suffocation during summer heat peak weeks. Walking in the woods helps even better but I don't have time to just walk there all day long. This happens to me every summer since my very childhood. I am not really sure if it actually works or if it's just a placebo effect (unlike to piracetam - I am absolutely sure piracetam effect is real). IMHO the problem with coding tutorials is they usually target people that have little to no idea about programming essentials and teach them just the very basics like key primitive concepts (what classes, variables and functions are etc), language syntax, frameworks elementary basics etc. Is there even a single tutorial that a self-taught undergraduate coder (who has already went through a number of simple tutorials, can code a number of languages like Python and C# and use GitHub) can take to learn how are real-world apps made, what do professional (professional ≠ veteran, it just means a person who earns their living doing it, working in a team usually) coders actually do all day long at their workplaces, what are they meant to know, how to solve interview puzzles and everything enough to go and get a coding job with reasonable ease? As far as I know many companies need coders that can join a team and start writing/maintaining plain ordinary code, not necessarily brilliant code, just code that is readable, maintainable, reasonably fast and reliable and solves simple tasks it (a particular piece of code) is meant to. As far as I know a huge portion of people can potentially learn to do this with ease (you don't need IQ>150 for this, 100 is enough, even 90 will do which means the majority of the population). But people don't know how. And knowing a programming language syntax and being capable to code a simple script for yourself isn't enough: 99% of people who speak a language and can write a simple essay have no idea about how to write a novel (not necessarily a best-seller, even a mediocre one) - they are to be taught to structure it, introduce and develop characters, describe places and situations nicely, bake an idea in, maintain suspense, organize their writing process etc - it seems arcane to them while it essentially is just a number of plain and simple principles that can be outlined in a single manual. If only somebody having both the knowledge (skill) and the talent to explain would bother to write one and wouldn't write a huge tome practically obsolete by the release date instead. Isn't it just about the fundamental algorithms rather than real-life production coding? Isn't plain piracetam (or something else, you name it if you happen to know) the best when the primary task is to increase cerebral circulation, maintain neuroplasticity and fight brain aging rather than to get stimulated or improve concentration quickly? Perhaps a good list of all the subjects with detailed commentaries could do. One could go find tutorials on specific parts then given the knowledge o what to look for and what's that about. May be short (yet illustrating the way it's done in the real world) examples on particular subjects could be included. I just wonder how many decades are going to pass before one of those new super batteries, caries vaccines / tooth regeneration techniques or cancer cures invented every year is going to be made available to the people. BTW did you know that umifenovir (arbidol) has recently been found[1] to be ~100% effective against flaviviruses (that cause e.g. tick-borne encephalitis, dengue fever etc.)? But I doubt American doctors are going to start prescribing it any soon if ever. [1] http://www.ceskatelevize.cz/ct24/domaci/2457559-nadejny-cesk... This has always been a huge problem for me before I've came to the idea of using Markov chains to generate new words :-) There are many ready-to-use implementations available. Just import a dictionary/text, generate a list of new words and choose the one you like. Why not? It may happen to be curious. And every kind of DIY bio-hacking community site may happen to contain some potentially useful data. Surely it has serious chances to be dangerous but I believe the audience of HN is smart enough to separate curious from stupid, double-check the curious with relevant scientific publication and other sources and be reasonably skeptic and sufficiently careful about trying it on themselves. So... surely stuff like this should not be mentioned among kids but I can see nothing wrong in mentioning them among hackers. > Given that HRT is a critical aspect of treatment, and almost completely safe Doesn't taking hormones damage the glands that produce them endogenously? I don't smoke usually but when I do smoke (about a month in a year usually, when I have to solve a lot of problems quickly) it makes me more alive, awake (in many senses, incl needing much less sleep and making it much much easier to get up), productive, confident, reasonably vigorous and masculine in general behavior (my gf loves this part) by an order of magnitude if not more. In an instant! Sadly/curiously strong nicotine gum doesn't work this way (I haven't tried patches so far), only cigars (I inhale the cigar smoke the way people do with cigarettes although this is not the way cigars are meant to be smoked actually) do. This makes me think I should be smoking chronically to improve my whole life but I just don't want to develop a serious addiction (nor to spread odor around me :-)) so I don't. It can be considered "over-hyped" in a way but I believe it is not hyped sufficiently as long as the majority of people still haven't mastered it. Lack of mindfulness skill and habit is pretty much like the "gluteal amnesia" syndrome: there is a natural thing your butt muscles should be doing all the way you go but in just so many people it doesn't, same thing with your mind and mindfulness. And you don't necessarily need an instructor for this: it's a valid way to get started but for many people (not for everybody, of course) some books and free YouTube videos can be enough as well. The entire cookie law seems pointless, by the way. It does nothing but annoys people with useless pop-ups. Every website uses cookies (and more) and everybody knows this. Concerned users just install extensions that remove them automatically. Definitely one of the best TV series ever. My opinion is exactly the opposite. So, clearly, it depends on individual taste. > tracking people without their knowledge, approval or a court order is just flat-out wrong. Requiring them to check an "I agree to be tracked" checkbox and signing an agreement (which has just happened to me yesterday in an EU country in accordance to GDPR) before they can use a product/service is hardly much better. This reminds me of the Android app permission system which requires you to allow an app to do everything it wants (including ridiculous requirements like when a game requires access to your contacts list) or just give up the idea of installing it (as for me I just grant the permissions at the installation time and then block everything redundant with XPrivacy). So I doubt it is going to do much good, a way like the cookie law doesn't really do anything but just introduces useless cookie warning banners. I have visited a drugstore to buy some vitamins yesterday. They have handled me a touch-screen where I had to check a checkbox (saying that I agree to allow my medicines shopping history to be stored and analyzed to track my health (which I obviously don't want them to do actually)) and an electronic signature tablet with a stylus where I had to put my signature. This was a mandatory condition for continuing using a discount card that gives bonuses when you buy meds. I could opt-out but this would mean I won't be given discounts any more. There are some that show the villain background, musings and/or rehabilitation. There also are some that show a hero becoming a villain. In fact many movies show and emphasize the reality is far from black-and-white. Unfortunately many people still don't get it and keep judging the characters just as good or bad. What's the benefit of using Ubuntu instead of NixOS if you choose nix package manager instead of apt-get? New caries cures/vaccines invented appear in news every other year (the only thing that seem being invented more often are new super-duper batteries) yet none of them reach general availability. The most recent discovery I can remember is about growing new dentine using an Alzheimer drug: https://www.nature.com/articles/srep39654 Anyway, I actually find it shocking that in 21th century people are still walking around with a part of our bodies rotting and consider it normal. 86400 - 28800 = 57600 ≈ 60000. This looks fairly realistic if you ask yourself about just how much time a day do you maintain perfect inner silence and equilibrium. I really doubt it's more than about the 400 seconds for the majority of the people who don't practice meditation (and even these 400 seconds are usually just the unconscious moments). Also ask yourself about how long do you usually maintain concentration at one single atomic thought contiguously without switching to random related and unrelated thoughts for even a moment. It's almost always fascinating to listen to a spiritual/philosophic teacher representing a distinct tradition you have not encountered before. Even if you are not a spiritual teacher, might you perhaps share some interesting details of the Mandaean world view, philosophy, practices and society? I believe the majority of people here have Christian/Judaic/Muslim/Hindu/Buddhist cultural background, could you possibly name some things that make your religion/culture different and that can teach others something new, cool and wise? Some interesting concepts and/or quotes by some renowned Mandaean scholars or some Mandaean proverbs perhaps? You're cool, dude! Definitely not an average person. What you describe is a meditation of a kind (there are many) actually. Have you tried the next level? Given you can silence your inner dialogue/monologue/etc while maintaining awake conscious mind and concentrated attention, "turn around" (your attention) and try staring at the still space that is the background to where endogenous mental stimuli (verbal/conceptual thoughts, images, feelings etc) normally appear, try to find where the point of "you" hides from which you look at all the images thoughts, stare in this direction rather than on a physical object or a thought. It sounds crazy like a camera filming itself without a mirror but it's possible in this realm and feels awesome once you succeed. If you feel like looking at your self may be unsafe for you then it probably is. > If you happen to have such a cable, your best advice is to throw it away and buy a new one that doesn't have this issue Why throw it away if I can happen to get a DP-powered device in future? And why has the FAQ article been removed? > He says if he had a time machine he could tell Guido in the future we’re all using structured programming Sounds like if people were not already coding C, C++ and Pascal when Python was invented... APL looks like the best programming language I've ever seen. I wish it could be extended with SQL and web-service mappings to input-output data conveniently and to use functions written in other languages (like C and Python) for acceleration and rapid logic prototyping. As far as I can see it doesn't do the heart rate monitoring - the only thing on the features list a smartphone can't do. What I really want (writing it here just in hope somebody might know a suitable model) of a hackable fitness device is to supply reasonably precise real-time heart rate data letting my DIY Android app react on its change. Is there something like this that can use a real data set to validate all the statements against instead of a set of hand-written formal assumptions? I've been thinking this for almost all my life: the voting systems used in almost every country are plain ridiculous. The only country I know that uses a system that sounds reasonable is Australia. > which system is the best Can't this be reasoned scientifically? Perhaps because emotions are easier to express and read this way rater than in text form. But it still feels to me like watching 99% videos is mostly a boring waste of time compared to quick-read text&picture scrollable feed posts. I'm just not comfortable with the slow pace and low concentration of the information flow in videos (and books). Is the "Twitter generation" that prefers to consume information quickly in small high-concentration portions passing away? By the way. I have recently thought about the elections in Russia and came to the conclusion the whole presidential system is flawed: a classic president has too much power and a single person elections are too easy to manipulate. Every time there are presidential elections in Russia everybody knows the outcome in advance, absolutely no viable competition takes place ever. But despite the corrupt system some states/counties/cities in Russia manage to elect reasonable candidates that are in opposition to the president occasionally when it's about parliamentary elections, especially about local parliaments. This makes me conclude the parliamentary republic system is better than the presidential system. Aren't such harder to find as video content is not searchable? So this is why they have closed Codeplex! > At higher price points you can get a chromebook What if I actually want the Android OS and/or if I actually want a tablet rather than a laptop and the price is not the reason why? > I know Android tablets haven't been selling well, but that's because people like me have been desperately waiting for a decent device to be released. Indeed. E.g. I want a tablet to be a as big as needed to view A4/Letter PDFs in 100% zoom without scrolling (so I'd be able to stop carrying papers with me) and have as much RAM as possible (at least 4 GiB). I'd also appreciate it to utilize the extra space available in this case by adding full-sized USB3 ports, and an external SD card reader to be used as removable media (in addition to the internal SD card reader to be used as the "hard drive" expansion). How can it be hard for a forum to comply to GDPR? What kind of private information does it really need to save? By the way, do modern antiviruses detect and cure DOS viruses? In just so many cases DOS games copied around between computers used to be infected, I suspect a portion of those available for download on unofficial websites can be infected to. Well, perhaps it can infect a half of the other games on the VM and encrypt the other half or something like that - not a disaster yet not a thing I'd like to happen :-| Not really. My uncle had to spend quite a time curing the OneHalf virus that I have brought with a game copied to our 486 DOS PC from a friend once when I was a child. I use DosBox with a single set-up for all the games and store them all in a single DOS/GAMES directory (with sub-directories of course) that I mount under C:\ root in the DosBox autoexec. Of course I have a backup but I can't even remember where :-] By the way, what I really love about GDPR is that now I finally can disallow a website to log and analyze my behaviour to provide any kind of "personalisation" they want and still use it. It's just so great they can't say "agree or go away" any more. I thought it was going to be another stupid thing like a "cookie law" (which, I hope, is going to be canceled now as we''ve got the GDPR), the recent US FOSTA or a "store all my data in my country on a government-certified server with a police backdoor" law but fortunately it absolutely is not. I really hope non-EU countries are going to clone this law, it seems to be the second (the first being the US net neutrality policy) law I love. It's infuriating ECC RAM doesn't come in everything. The reality is very simple: I don't want any website (except those where I choose to sign-up and sign-in with a personal account) or any of its partners or whoever to save any data about me and provide any kind of "personalization" (I have even set up an extension to delete all the relevant cookies as soon as I close a page). And now I have a right to demand this yet the sites choose to annoy me by requiring to disable every piece of this crap manually before letting me in. GDPR does not allow them to just deny me entering if I don't allow tracking but it seemingly does allow them to annoy me and I'm sure they're doing it as annoying as possible intentionally. By the way there even is a simple standardized way to know if I give my consent for tracking me or not without asking - the Do Not Track HTTP header field. That's a pity Microsoft has screwed it by turning it on by default. I wish GDPR would just require every website to respect this flag. Well, I obviously didn't mean hardware meant for specific applications where ECC would do notably more harm than good must use ECC anyway nor that non-ECC memory should not be available to those who consciously want it. Perhaps graphics rendering farms should be built with non-ECC RAM or with both kinds used together (ECC for the system code and non-ECC for the graphical data). As for me I'm just annoyed by the fact I have never seen a laptop that supports ECC (as for now it seems there actually are a couple of models e.g. ThinkPad P70). I personally don't really care about the RAM bandwidth, I'm still using DDR2 anyway, but I would love to use ECC. Are individual cores in this thing something nearly as powerful as in conventional quad-core desktop/server CPUs? Also can it sleep/downclock individual cores to cool down when its full power is not needed? Wow. Now I am amazed. Thanks! I believe the Facebook business model can be safely stripped down to the humane kind while still keeping viable. The revenue it can generate by displaying organic ads without excessive user surveillance (analyzing a user's likes and the kinds of ads they tend to click is ok, spying on every website they visit is not), without messing with politics and without selling data about the users to 3rd parties can still be enough to cover all the relevant expenses and generate profits (probably a way more humble than now yet positive) for the investors. Facebook can also employ the experience of it's Russian clone vk.com and let users share music (sharing the music that you like and that expresses the mood you'd like to share is a great way to communicate and many people love it!) while requiring those users who'd like to play long playlists in background pay a subscription fee. A number of other premium features that can add value to a subscription comes on to my mind as well: invisible mode (I'd pay for it immediately - I really hate when others can see if I'm online or if I've read their message, I have been actively hating this for years, this is infuriating yet I don't mind if solving this problem would cost a dollar or two per month), posts promotion, additional typesetting features, profile promotion (top-suggest everybody to add me as a friend), verified status for whoever wants it (not just celebrities), voluntary additional surveillance/curation (for parents willing to protect their underage kids) etc. Introducing a cryptocurrency dedicated to replace old-fashioned likes (e.g. every time somebody likes your post/comment you get a coin) yet traded at a cryptocurrency exchange and accepted as a way of paying for the premium features can be another opportunity. Organic possibilities are limitless. I vote for Ok on the left because Cancel should be easiest to find without looking and thinking. When I decide I don't want to change anything this window is for I just click the lower-rightmost button unconsciously, faster than I can read it, e.g. the way you slap yourself when you feel like a mosquito might be there biting you. So, when the button there is not Cancel this can be destructive. I can imagine an even more weird one: DOS, ASM, dBase... (;,;) > C is a straightforward Indeed, what can be more straightforward than manual memory management and pointer arithmetic... This was the most mind-blowing game I've ever seen, no other has ever made a more strong first impression. You should accept it to avoid attracting attention. You can get rid of it later. Can't it still contain a concealed microphone built into it that would record voice and transfer it over radio? >> You don't need Tor to do this. Tor is slow and frustrating. > I use a heavily-modified Firefox instance... So do I and it is slow and frustrating too. I just wish more web sites would provide official TOR and/or i2P addresses (so we wouldn't need exit-nodes) yet nobody among them seems interested in visitors they can't track. Both the fact there are hardly any non-illegal websites maintaining native TOR/i2P presence and the fact every major WWW site demands you to agree to be tracked now as GDPR doesn't allow this to be done silently suggests this. > Intellectual-property experts agree that existing EU copyright rules need an overhaul for the digital age Variations of this idea are the root of all the bullshit that has began with the DMCA and keeps on with periodical attempts to expand it with SOPA/PIPA/ACTA etc. Indeed. So true. > If city officials reject an application to let out a property, any future bookings are canceled It's unbelievable you are to ask somebody else's permission to be able to let your legitimate property in the 21th century USA. It looks more characteristic for Soviet Russia or something like that. Is having to let it on the officials demand regardless to whether or not you were willing to let it the next step? How is that a problem? Who wants to live long without staying young? I'd rather choose to die in my 40-es if I would get 25-yr-old body until the end of the life in exchange. Body/health (skin, brain, immune system, muscles etc.) anti-aging is the thing we need first, not longevity/immortality. I'm in my early 30-ies. I'm alright generally (I also look rather young and the doctor says my health is great) but I already feel loss of vitality, stamina, flexibility and regeneration. I felt like an invincible superhuman when I was 24 and now, despite maintaining fairly healthy lifestyle, my knee and back hurt occasionally, I can't f-ck without making a pause every couple of minutes (used to do it for hours contiguously and vigorously until 28), I have to eat healthy to maintain satisfyingly low weight (no wildly bad diet could cause a fluctuation in my weight until 24) etc. I also feel very satisfied by the life I have lived and occasionally think I wouldn't mind to die happily at any time the G-d would decide my time on Earth to end (yet I absolutely do mind to live long enough to get Alzheimer's, cancer etc, I don't fear death yet I do fear senility). I have started to work-out vigorously to revitalize and develop my body and mind recently so perhaps everything is going to change as I achieve the results yet I doubt things like my knee are going to regenerate (this has been scientifically proven impossible in 2017 or 2016 as far as I can remember although I can't find a link to the paper now). It seems it's a fact that 30+-yr-old bodies are generally more fragile and less powerful than 20-yr-old ones. Saying simple it comes from the same place where jobs eliminated by automation go. From the purely practical, pragmatic point of view both GM and OSM are very far from perfect. Similar services offered by local service providers can be much better in some cases. For example Seznam's Mapy.cz is feel much much better than Google Maps when it's about the Czech Republic. I don't work for them, that's my purely pragmatic user experience. I can see no reason why it can't be HTML AND PDF. A well-composed HTML document can be turned into a well-composed PDF automatically on the server side or in a couple of clicks on the client side. It is always more convenient to use PDF rather than HTML when you want to save a document to your computer or put it on a USB drive to print it on a nearby printer. I don't really know about Microsoft Word but LibreOffice can produce fairly good PDFs including a table of contents if the original document is outlined properly AFAIK and it can even include the source document in the PDF so the user can open it for editing. Your commentary actually makes me curious what might be some problems of Word/LibreOffice-produced PDFs, can you name some? Psychedelics are a good thing yet sure as hell not for everyone. I really doubt selling them freely in every supermarket is a good idea but I believe nobody should ever get arrested for possessing them nor even for producing them for personal consumption or sharing it with friends IMHO. I think Schedule IV is probably the most adequate status for things like LSD (which is safe physiologically but can harm some mentally sick people psyche/adequacy seriously). As for things like MDMA (which can hardly cause any psychological harm and only causes physiological harm if used improperly) or 6-APB (which has effects similar to those of MDMA but isn't known to inflict any harm at all) I would vote to legalize recreational use. And there also are some more exotic psychedelics like 5-MeO-DMT (don't confuse with regular DMT! ordinary DMT can indeed harm some people psyche though this doesn't happen often) that have little if any abuse potential for which I can see no reason to control them at all. I'm just curious how is the smartphone generation going to write code... Wow! I've started with 2.5 mg and now 20 mg does nothing to me. I've been doing it sooo wrong. I hope the tolerance is going to fall now as I've stopped taking it and I will be able to use it the right way going with 0.3mg. That's such a pity you can't just get any better kind of a sleeping pill without a prescription if you don't want to mess with circadian rhythms and just want to fall asleep whenever you have time but can't. So many people actually have irregular schedules: day and night shifts mixed chaotically etc. I actually don't think I know anybody who would go to bed at the same time every night. I wish I had Ambien for occasions like that (I don't drive) but it seems impossible to get without a doctor. In fact I've tried to do some research but failed to find any information about undesirable effects and DON'Ts of melatonin at the time when I've started taking it (some years ago). It seemed a wonder drug everybody should be taking all the time - it just makes you sleep well whenever you choose to, protects from oxidative stress, boosts your immunity etc. But now I know: tolerance (including tolerance to endogenic melatonin which means screwing your natural circadian system) is what you pay (I could find not a single mention of melatonin tolerance until today). I would try another country. There are many countries where medical assistance is much more affordable than in the US (while the quality is still very reasonable) and where you can easily buy comprehensive medical insurance that would cover a lot (and without any co-funding) without being employed. If you actually have almost no money so you can't even afford an airline ticket - then I don't know how to help you (I would buy you a ticket if I weren't broke too). Curious to look at. Sadly still not what I need. What I need is a Twitter-kind with support for Markdown, editable, virtually unlimited post length (not because I mean to post really long posts but just because I don't want to think about how long exactly my post is and count letters) and multilingual posts feature (write both English and another language versions for every post and let users switch between them). Also plain-text URLs are usually a waste, just add support for good old hyperlinks. Now as Twitter has extended the post length limit (the old limit was just ridiculous) I would stick with it if only it would add the multilingual post feature. Taking 1/4 pill of Xanax occasionally together with 1200 mg piracetam + 3 mg sunifiram + another 1200 mg piracetam pill some hours later is amazing for concentration (but that's my personal experience, just sharing it, I don't recommend this to anybody, also neither piracetam nor sunifiram are approved by the FDA). Almost cures my ADHD and anxiety altogether and makes me happy and super productive (as compared to my baseline which is severely hindered by untreated ADHD and anxiety). And no addiction ever (perhaps people that take higher doses get addicted but I don't). God save the black market and the grannies who don't mind sharing a pill. I really believe people should stop this witch hunt and embrace the BLTC (better life through chemistry) philosophy and start developing ways to fight the bad effects (physiological addiction, withdrawal syndromes, tolerance development, liver/kidney harm, receptors disregulation etc) instead of outlawing substances that improve quality of life. A person mood/attitude and performance is 99% chemistry and demonizing the very idea of seeking to improve it (even above what is considered a norm) is madness. The "downsides" are still much better than those of alcoholism. I just hope (and believe this may happen this way) more people are going to give up booze and drugs and switch to the weed. As soon as I've tried (for a number of times, the first experiences may be confusing and even scary) the weed I've forgotten vodka as a nightmare, now I just smoke some weed about 2 evenings a month in average. I still highly recommend to stay away from the weed if it's not legal at your location however - messing with criminals and cops can really ruin your life. If it's legal for medical use only - don't hesitate to ask the doctor (but don't be pushy or play an expert, doctors hate this), some progressive doctors at some locations may actually prescribe it for addictions, depressions and eating disorders treatment, not only for cancer/aids. > Whiteboard coding is nonsense Absolutely. Asking a person to produce correct code with just a whiteboard/pen/notepad is like asking a surgeon to do with just a kitchen knife. An intelligent code-completing&checking IDE, a debugger and the Internet should be considered parts of a developer's body nowadays, restricting usage of these makes just as much sense as restricting usage of glasses for reading or requiring people to get to the office without using personal/public transport vehicles. I could hardly understand why do people use Slack at all. Once I've read the BetterSlack features list I've came up wit the idea that perhaps it could make Slack useful and I might re-visit it. Such a waste. What is the logic in this? How could the company behind the app possibly prevent this and what is it meant to do now? What if a librarian would go nuts and kill somebody, would they burn the library to ashes? How to procrastinate recursively? Cool! But... I've taken a look at the curriculum and the question popped up immediately: what if a person already knows a fair portion of the subjects like basic HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Python, C/C++/C# and Java and has even developed some simple websites using pure vanilla HTML+CCS+JS+PHP in their past (and has experience in building and fixing PCs) and just has no skills in computer science and in how the things are cooked together in modern-day production coding? You say you teach from absolute zero, is it possible to skip "this is a HTML tag", "this is a variable" and "print 10 even numbers in the console in a for loop" parts? > Lack of a real technical / engineering department A decent news website is quite easy to set up with Jekyll or WordPress and there are so many people that can do this around all over the world, there is no real need for an engineering department. I didn't say good. I said decent. As for me I would avoid WordPress at all costs but the fact is it can be used to get the thing done tolerably well and there are just so many people who can operate it. I can't even understand the diagram: how is exhaling into a glass of water supposed to make breathing easier? I'd say this is defiantly unethical yet I feel like this can actually be considered a good thing to exist: the web being monopolized by just one major browser/engine (which is Chrome/Blink/WebKit nowadays) is obviously a problem so anything than can increase presence of alternative browsers/engines can be considered a contribution to the web ecosystem diversity (although, honestly, I wouldn't recommend any of my friends/clients to use a Microsoft-made browser as these have a strong history of being far behind the web standards progress and exposing system vulnerabilities via ActiveX). People who write inadequately negative reviews should be punished too. I used to think there is another government agency in charge of alcohol and nicotine - ATF yet FDA makes sense as it is about safety of a thing people consume internally. The 4-Hour Body is a great book too. I hesitated to mention it but if you mention the 4-Hour Workweek then I feel like it is to be mentioned as well. is there a similar topic for videos? Some YouTube videos can cause profound changes in yourself an your life in minutes (if you are sufficiently open and actually want the change). Sabbath is not enough. There is so much progress in automation yet it has been so long since the last time the standard work week length has been decreased. Why the heck is it considered a norm that all the people are supposed to spend almost all the time (that is left after sleeping, home maintenance and gym) at work? > some take it even further by abstaining from things like online shopping or even watching television I used to believe Mormons don't have TVs at all and that felt admirable. I'm sure there is a great video or a great book just for you answering this question but finding it among all answering the question in the ways that are not going to help you may be a problem. Threads like this may help greatly. "In a nutshell" being the kind of open I mean means that every time you read/listen to somebody your prime interest is to understand them (even if they speak weird to nonsensical) and find how, when and why can this possibly make sense (if you fail - try harder and harder) rather than the opposite and being always willing to rationally disprove, correct and expand your view rather than to prove you're right to the others and yourself. In the majority of arguments (and whenever you read/listen to somebody whose views don't mach yours perfectly, an inaudible argument is happening inside your head and chances are you lack conscious awareness of this) each party seems mostly interested in defending its view and disproving that of the other but it usually is more beneficial to "be open" and think about how the opponent's view may possibly enrich mine. As far as I can see from the article the "birds" were of the ostrich kind, not the flying kind we imagine when hearing the word "bird". As far as I know the modern science also says that many dinosaurs that didn't fly also had feathers. So why aren't the other dinosaurs considered "elephant birds" while this creature is? Opinions are hugely undervalued nowadays. > useful opinions based on the practical experience of making stuff work A kind of opinions from people who are far from being established experts in a particular area are called "a fresh look" and may occasionally happen to be useful too as well as opinions of people who are more of generalists and theorists than specialists and practics. Opinions from skilled experts may occasionally happen to be a way too biased. > Opinions on the best x are largely useless... half of it wasn’t a debate on why JS is good/shit and how WASM is the next Jesus? If they uncover a lot about why and do it concisely I would not consider them useless. That's my opinion :-) Absolutely no. The idea of introducing one universal connector standard itself sounds reasonable but it still is a way ahead of time. Nothing should be "ditched" before the new standard and its ecosystem matures (do you remember for how long did USB co-exist with COM&LPT and for how long did ISA slots co-exist with PCI? - that was good!). Also one port is not enough, I want to connect my wired headphones and a power bank to my cellphone at the same time without using any additional dongles! And at last but not at least there are things tat are so good (with simplicity of their technology nature contributing to this) even while being a very old invention that inventing reasons to ditch them is either hypocrisy (aren't big corporations pushing digital audio transfer technologies just to facilitate vendor lock-ins and DRMs?) or onanism. Do we really need to reinvent a wheel just because it is not patented? I actually use startpage.com now. Searx seems curious, thanks - the idea of a self-hosted meta search engine seems curious, I hope it is going to get more steam, perhaps it also could leverage strong personalization and access to my browsing history and bookmarks (which I certainly don't want 3-rd parties like Google or any to have). I still believe eating more onions is a great idea because of the fructooligosaccharides (prebiorics that good gut bacteria feed on). I actually dream about bringing Atom (as far as I understand it's better than RSS but RSS just seems a better brand-name for this, in fact in many cases when you click on a link that says RSS you'll get Atom) back, expanding it with social functionality like likes, reposts and comments, implementing it better (auto-generated feeds on many sites are pretty crappy) and popularizing generic feed readers so non-geeks would be able to interact with others' self-hosted blogs (like my blog built on GitHub Pages) as easy and fun as it they do with Facebook, Instagram etc. > Stupidly inflexible paper length requirements Paper (or whatever) length requirements (and even voluntarily maintained traditions like when people write many-screens-long articles on Medium or a whole book when the whole valuable idea can be perfectly expressed in a twit or two) is among the things I hate the worst in this world. IMHO shorter (more concise) is better. Writing long papers has always been a huge pain for me and I've always been using dirty hacks like increasing fonts, interline spacing, margins, adding more pictures etc, IMHO inserting more unnecessary text is a much more evil thing to do and papers that are made actually long this way are a pain to read and a time waste. I've tried Evernote a couple of times and don't even understand why people use it and why does it take more than a couple of devs to maintain, it seems sooo simple (yet hardly intuitive) and lacks any smart features I sought when looking for a personal information management tool. The whole practice of putting non-violent people in jail is just so absurd. Whatever. The only kind of people that should actually be jailed is those who are prone to physical aggression or invasion into others' private space. I upvoted your response as your ideas are very reasonable but as for me, I don't like e-mail for a number of reasons, both psychologically subjective and technical. The first things the e-mail ecosystem is to do to become more adequate to the modern day world are to deprecate all the codepages but UTF-8 for any part of a message (header included), eliminate the overquoting tradition (including full text of the message the message is a response to) and introduce an efficient thread tracing mechanism instead, establish a more reasonable signature culture (i.e. people and software to stop including redundant and useless information in the bottom of every message) and make Markdown a core part of the standard (while HTML should better be deprecated). Isn't being able to reliably and precisely predict anything is just about building a sufficiently precise model of the system? So, if we could build a sufficiently precise model of the world we live in wouldn't it also "automate science"? In fact, some people say our universe and we ourselves actually are such a model already. And although it may be impossible to model the whole universe with model scientists in it, I'm rather certain it is going to possible at some point to build an artificial brain that is going to be a model of an extremely smart human additionally enhanced with direct interface to huge databases and computational powers this way being able to figure out almost anything swiftly making an extremely resourceful automatic scientist. No, you shouldn't be as long as this isn't going to help me regain what I've lost and I don't want the government to spend my tax money on maintaining the jail to keep you in where you are going to be useless and miserable. Perhaps there are people who can be satisfied by the fact the person who has made them struggle is put in struggle but I certainly am not of this kind of irrational, your struggle isn't something I can eat or live in. I would prefer to force you to return what I have lost + some extra and would even love to help you to find as a well-paid job as you can manage with if you don't have the money so you can earn it and pay me. I believe the whole statement saying that QWERTY layout is designed to slow typing down is probably a myth as I find the letters that stand right near each other in a word being neighbors on the keyboard just so often. > Share most of your code between the web, iOS, Android, and Windows How is it better than React and React Native if it still is web+mobile+Windows and doesn't offer Linux and macOS support? Also doesn't the fact React is by Facebook and ReactXP is by Microsoft and introduces Windows support look suspicious like if they were building an incompatible version of React like they've done with Java in the past? > Can we please stop trying to Javascriptify everything? Good news is they have invented a better programming language called ReasonML for React. This is another example of age-based discrimination. Take a random adult and a random teen and the chance the teenager is going to be more smart, agile, conscious and simply decent are fairly far above zero. There are a lot of decent and stupid people among both teens and adults. There is little reason for people above 13 to have more limited rights than people above 18. I try leaving Chrome every now and then but every time it turns out Firefox is just too slow to tolerate and this was the initial reason why I've moved to Chrome some years ago (yes, my PC is old and I make heavy use of extensions). What if there were driving statistics that imply people of a particular skin colour or gender participate in car crashes more often? Would it justify discriminating against them and limiting their rights? Should every particular member of this group be made responsible for the mistakes of the others this way? What are the pros and cons of upgrading to Mojave for a hacker using a Mid-2013 MacBook Air? Is that true that Mojave looks ugly on non-retina displays, won't allow your scripts to access some stuff previous versions allowed, integrates with Apple's internet services and DRMs more tightly and can have problems with playing old Windows games like Fallout 3 with Wine? Thanks. > Boot Camp and VMWare are still around At least it's too space-consuming to maintain a separate Windows system on a 128 GiB SSD, Wine/CrossOver feels a better solution in the cases where it can manage. Almost always. And almost everybody is more or less mentally ill in a way or another, me included. Well, removing SOAP is a little too radical. Indeed nobody likes SOAP and it is mostly used by EE guys but there still probably are many non-enterprise public SOAP APIs. This makes me wonder if they are going to remove XML support in the next version :-) Also, JavaFX is amazing, I actually wish it would get more popular, it feels like the best GUI framework I've seen so far. Idea/PyCharm/etc say they work better with Oracle JDK but I haven't noticed any difference so there seems to be little reason to install Oracle JDK ever. Perhaps it has some features some devs use in some special cases but in general, the Open JDK seems working equally well. > Every time I find interesting (and frighting) that we are nothing but a collection of ourselves and virus and bacterias, written down to our DNA and RNA or living together with close dependence deep in our guts (literally). That's our bodies, not us. "Every time I find interesting (and fighting)" that people believe they are nothing but a collection of cells, chemicals and feelings. Most people (outside the audience of the HN perhaps) don't even recognize that the feelings are actually the chemicals and have little to do even with the objective reality, needless to say with their true self. Believing you are your body is almost the same as believing that you are your car or your GitHub account. That's not we, that's our bodies, our "cars" with baggage (memories etc) in them, in our true self "we are all Kosh" © Overwhelming majority of people just live in permanent "rubber hand illusion". Getting rid of the illusion and recalling who you actually are is, however, easy as 1-2-3: 1. get cousciously aware of your emotions and thoughts, distance from them and obseve them 2. turn your inner gaze from them to the direction of where do you feel you observe them from 3. recognize that what you see there (it looks like just nothing, just conscious "empty space") is the actual you and you will never be able to "unsee' that. One doesn't need any kind of religion or spirituality to realize this (although it actually is taught in the Tibetan religious tradition of Dzogchen), it is as simple as realizing the rubber hand is not a part of your body. > You're a substance dualist, then? Not really, I am a non-dualist actually but introducing non-duality in the current context would be a way too off-topic and unnecessary. I prefer not to go into the spiritual stuff beyond what can be easily experienced by everyone unless asked by a person specifically interested in this kind of information. > it's purely an exercise in philosophy and logic It's not. It's of little use as long as it is. One has to experience that. That's why I've mentioned the rubber hand illusion. Imagine your hands have been covered from you since you very birth and you have been believing the rubber hands are your real hands for your whole life, then the cover is removed and you experience your actual hands for the first time - it feels like this (approximately). This is how I've got into Buddhism - all the major religions tell you unverifiable things and demand you to believe and here the whole clue is a thing we can experience directly. I've used a quote from the Babylon-5 show because it's a lot about this and you suddenly find yourself understanding the Vorlons' "Who are you?" and "We are all Kosh" after you experience that. I also suspect this kind of realization may happen to render people nearly-immune to addictions, I would even do some sort of clinical testing if only I had enough money (by the way, some time ago we have already seen news about mindful people being scientifically proven feeling less pain here on HN). My recommendation is to keep wondering. As for me it took me about 30 years of wondering before I've suddenly found it (by stumbling upon this fairly fun Buddhist monk lecture[1] while being extremely depressed and afraid and searching through YouTube looking for some psychological technique to relieve that). Whatever what I've found is from the philosophic or spiritual point of view, from the pragmatic point of view it seems an extremely powerful key to emotional well-being. AFAIK there is a fair amount of scientific research effort taking place around mindfulness and other Buddhist stuff, perhaps sooner or later this is going to draw some scientific attention too. By the way, it seems at least some scientifically-minded people happen to come to similar ideas occasionally, e.g. I've recently stumbled upon similar concepts in a book by Itzhak Bentov and was delighted by his scientific manner of exploration of the question of "life, universe, and everything". [1] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=frQVcizEkmI Why? How is it better than the original OpenJDK? There seems to be no answer to this question in the repository readme. Don't worry, I appreciate your care but don't mind "an attack against my interpretation" :-) It seems that I will have to introduce the actual Buddhist (Nyingma/Bön Dzogchen) non-duality interpretation of this in a more or less simplified way to make it (including the "We are all Kosh" part) more clear but be warned, it may sound a way too bizarre. I don't insist it's true and my initial intention was to leave it for the people interested in going this way to discover on themselves as it makes little if any sense before the experience. Ready? The "true self" you can directly perceive this way is just one for every sentient being (my true self = your true self, "by reference" not just "by value", it's the same object, not just same class) and it is kind of the absolute, the only thing that actually exists, everything else (including our feelings and beliefs (our ego), bodies, cars, events and everything) is an emanation of it, like a wave on the surface of a lake. The idea of everything being just an emanation of yourself seems less weird or even rationally obvious if you apply this to "everything in your dreams" but the real life is considered to be a phenomenon of little fundamental difference from a dream. I am not a real guru and may probably explain the things wrong so whoever interested should better watch a lecture of the actual Buddhist (Bön) teacher[1] (it's rather fun, easy to listen and made as free of any religious mumbo-jumbo as possible, the chant in the beginning is very short but the guided meditation that follows the introductory speech is important). Obviously, the interpretation of a skeptic materialist capable to experience this "true self" and observe their ego is going to be it hardly has anything to do with any kind of absolute and probably is not a real object (needless to say shared between everybody) but just a sort of feeling produced by our bodies. I believe neither of these interpretations can be rationally proven correct or wrong (it's a transcendental matter) but regardless to which one do you stick to it seems fairly easy to recognize that your feelings, your beliefs, your addictions, your DNA and dopamine receptors are you in the same degree as your left hand thumb is. Keeping consciously aware of this as constantly as possible may gift a person with an amazing level of emotional balance and having the direct experience of "the true self" can strengthen it to an incredible level (and as a bonus probably let you actually feel less pain when it hurts physically[2]). Deep recognition of the Buddhist interpretation ("rigpa") also gives an awesome sense of union with everybody and everything, blissful presence in every single moment and sets your free of sorrow and worrying. [1] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=frQVcizEkmI [2] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=17935554 But why would one need their own version of OpenJDK today? Just introduce a syntax to define immutable variables (e.g. like "val" in Scala) and to mark particular functions as pure (easy to implement manually as a decorator in Python, I've been using it a lot) and memoization becomes a seemingly easy task. Why a new language? By the way it seems very sad to me that the majority of imperative and hybrid (functional×imperative) languages lack syntax for immutable variables: in just so many cases I introduce a variable to store an intermediate result of an operation an don't mean to re-assign it ever after, it's nice of a developer to define this intention explicitly and of a compiler to raise an error when the variable is re-assigned accidentally - this simple feature is among the reasons why Scala programs usually are comparably easy to debug and run as expected as soon as they get compiled successfully. It feels like I didn't really get it given your explanation as I still can't understand why doesn't Scala (as a language, I know its actual compiler doesn't handle memoization on itself and won't remember the exact type in many cases (see "type erasure") actually) suit these needs? > Default typeface I adore this for whatever low or high tech. As for me all this web-font stuff seems a huge piece of BS (except for rare cases when a website is meant to be more of a piece of art than serving a practical function or when you need to use an exotic language letters of which are rare to be found in the standard fonts on clients' computers) and I just block external fonts all the time. So did I, the first Scala experience was shockingly pleasant (I indeed "couldn't believe my eyes" and literally thought "that's so weird, it probably works just so wrong that it results in an illusion of working right", it felt like magic and this way frightening): it either fails at compile time (throwing very informative error messages some of which can be unintuitive and seem weird as long as you don't know what do they mean but let you identify a problem easily as soon as you learn to read them) or just does what you meant it to do. But the programs I've written can indeed be considered trivial - I didn't make any serious use of actors or weird types, I mostly used it as "a better C#" + humble amount of FP but it seems to me that this makes my point make even more sense - write almost the same program in a very similar style in 2 languages and one of them requires a way less debugging. I understand this, but can't an object be considered immutable when all its fields are immutable and all its member functions (but the constructor perhaps) are pure? And isn't this what C# structs (and Scala case classes although both can be equipped with mutable fields and impure methods if the developer wants but this isn't a recommended pattern) are meant to be? If this doesn't solve the problem then what is the solution proposed? PS: Whatever, it pleases me that somebody has finally come to the idea of a heavily-memoized language that would still support mutable imperative parts and tried implementing it. I've been thinking "why the eck there is no language that would memoize pure functions automatically" for so many years already (but I've always been dismising the idea of building it myself as I lack sufficient background in computer science to build a compiler that would produce reasonably fast programs so it would be impractical to invest time). The only language I've found easy to add automatic memoization to is Python. PPS: That's a pity Todd Nowacki has been flagged, HN should really learn to distinguish between garbage fast commenters and qualified resourceful writers. It seems I couldn't find it by googling "python memoization" when I've initially come to the point where memoization has become a necessity for me. I've found some custom solutions and built my own inspired by them but suiting my needs better (e.g. memoize to a database + cache in the memory). I'll take a look at functools.lru_cache and consider migrating to it in the cases where I don't need persistent memoization of big datasets, it's always better to use a standard solution when it's enough, thanks. Cool. Won't it break if a function is "pure" from the practical point of view but in fact uses some variables (e.g. configuration parameters) declared outside of it? Cool! Building big-office/building-size WiFi networks had always been such a huge pain... Thank you for sharing your experience! I know this (and even use this occasionally), that's why there are whole separate families of collections in Scala - mutable and immutable collections. And I think it is possible for the compiler to figure out if a type (e.g. a collection type) is mutable or not given its source code and even if it isn't it probably can be made possible by introducing some sort of special annotations to class definitions. By the way, I've got a question to programming language engineers and people keeping track of emerging and experimental languages: is there a language where everything (or almost everything, excluding elementary types and structs perhaps) is an "actor" and every class method call is an asynchronous message passing? Together with an idea of a heavily-memoized language (which Skip is meant to be an implementation of) this idea won't leave my mind for years since I've first learnt about the actor model. Yes, that's what I mean but I'm not sure from the theoretical point of view. I used to believe a truly pure function isn't mean to access anything but what is passed to it as an argument so it makes me wonder what a particular implementation may expect. Whether or not this is Ok can also depend on a particular language runtime or library (and I'm far from an expert in the Python VM internals so far) - it can be impossible or quirky for a function executed asynchronously to access something that belongs to outside of it. Not using custom web fonts that have to be loaded from external resources doesn't imply using pure defaults of the client's system. You still can specify font size and style with pure CSS. Unfortunately, it has been discontinued long ago almost immediately after being introduced. And for the .Net ecosystem this means it can hardly be used nowadays as it is probably incompatible with modern libraries. Great news! Seems like I (not a doctor but probably the most medically-qualified person in any group of random people that doesn't include anybody with actual medical education) probably won't end up doing an appendectomy on anybody after I move to a deep rural area... Wait? Did somebody ever doubt this? I always believed collecting phone numbers for their marketing needs is exactly the reason why do any of the social networks ever introduce SMS auth. Being a person fairly interested in medical science and lacking insurance I always take care to have some antibiotics for just a case (I ask friends from Russia to get them for me, you can buy antibiotics without prescriptions there) although I hardly ever use any actually. Needless to say, I'm going to take quite a selection with me when I travel to some place where they're hard to get and there are no doctors around. By the way one should better have antibiotics ready when performing this kind of surgery or chances are their patient is going to die of sepsis. Would you mind telling what's there? It says "Unfortunately, our website is currently unavailable in most European countries..." as I open it directly and shows no article body as I open it through us.ixquick-proxy.com. Where does it send the money? What countries does it work in? Does it require any kind of identity verification papers? Thanks. A nice-to-know lifehack, I just really hope I'm not going to need it but who knows... BTW I've actually bought pure butyric acid in a fish food store to produce sodium butyrate in my kitchen and take it instead of the human-approved supplement which is available on Amazon but is fairly expensive by the east-European income standards (and, according to the scientific papers I've found so far, hardly does anything if taken in the doses it is usually packed in). The good news is "real you" probably are not your memories - these are yours , not you . The bad news is you are probably going to forget this and have a hard time getting the clue if you lose your memory. But perhaps it may be right the opposite - maybe one with all their memory lost may automatically get "face to face" with their "real self" actually. I would love to test that given a guarantee that all my memories are going to return soon. I've heard some psychedelics can induce this experience (and the memories are supposed to return as it wears off) called "ego death" if taken in sufficiently high doses. Perhaps I have even had such an experience but I'm not sure if it was that: I've once smoked some strong weed after drinking too much booze and forgotten everything (for about half an hour) - the feeling (but no information) of self-identity remained perfectly intact but I was afraid to leave the bar as I had no idea of where do I live and how do I get there. True. But how much sense does it make to believe a 18-year-old one is going to be so much more reasonable than a 17.5-year-old one that it would make such a fundamental difference worth such a difference in legal rights? Time doesn't even exist objectively, needless to say, the idea of using it as a precise measure of a character maturity is a disaster. A human body already has a lot of tools to fix almost whatever get broken in it given necessary materials, elements and motivation. I still can't recognize why aging can be considered inevitable in such a system that is very far from closed. All it takes to find a way to rejuvenate it effectively is to determine everything it needs and how to motivate it to activate the necessary repair mechanisms. Because living organisms are not closed systems and include mechanisms specifically "designed" to fix themselves. They consume energy from the outside to reverse entropy in them. IMHO no app that doesn't really need location data to perform the very function people install it for should ever be given access to this data. Same applies to Internet access and other app permissions. > As such, it is also an uncommon practice to lie about symptoms during an office visit that was required for some other reason, to get a prescription for antibiotics that is not immediately needed. Wait, do doctors actually prescribe antibiotics given just invisible symptoms and no actual flora analysis? What's the point of the prescription system them? Isn't a doctor meant to find out what specific bacteria causes the problem and choose the right antibiotic to target these? > Since most of the coupons you find on these pages don’t work, you may have wondered why do these coupon sites even exist? Their primary goal has been and will always remain to attach a browser cookie to your web browser I really wonder why deleting all the cookies for a given website as soon as you close it isn't the default behavior and not even a built-in option in web browsers. I use Vanilla Cookie Manager in Chrome to make it work this way. AFAIK incognito mode doesn't let you whitelist certain websites you actually want to save cookies. I would love to see the sources of MS DOS 7.1 (the version included with Windows 98 that supports FAT32) actually. And Novel DOS 7 (that supports multitasking) if possible. Also these could make an amazing contribution to the FreeDOS project and possibly add some steam to what the world of DOS is nowadays. I love DOS. I believe I've once seen parts of some leaked DOS (6.0 5.0 or 3.0, I can't remember for sure) source code that was at least partially in C. I'd name "Farting around with config.sys and autoexec.bat" among the things I enjoyed the most in my life. That's a pity you can't find a job to be paid for this nowadays... I love it nostalgically (and I actually enjoyed using it back in the days), many people still use some flavor of DOS e.g. in supermarkets and post offices. I believe there is a lot of old hardware that is only compatible with DOS still in use. If Google would introduce something like a free online version of SQLite that would be possible to query from a static site on GitHub pages - that would be cool... BTW I have never actually installed (and never seen installation discs of) Windows before Windows 95 - we just copied it between PCs. > Kept us from using it to play games :) Why? All the best games ever run under DOS! Not simple enough to attract anybody but geeks. The landing page of a project with ambitions to replace the existing web should target simple users and let them get in, see and access the value in a matter of a click on a very visible button labeled in a very obvious way rather than requiring them to learn how it works (the majority of people bringing money to the internet have no idea of how it works and little desire or capacity to learn that) and expecting them to get a clue they are supposed to click a button with a mysterious label "get a POD" and making them decide if they want their free pod to be provided by a commercial or a non-commercial entity (I bet they will rather click "apps" but there seems to be nothing there). Geeks like us are probably going to love it but geeks alone can't replace the web and fill it with economic value, we are to attract ordinary users. IMHO the right for secrecy of correspondence should be absolute and included in the constitution. Nobody should be legally allowed to wiretap anybody (but a victim that expects a call from a criminal and has given their consent perhaps) ever. Nice try, officer, people advocating against privacy and Internet freedom always use child protection as their banners but start abusing the anti-privacy facilities for whatever else they want (and that's rarely about children) as soon as they manage to establish them. What I mean is it's Ok for an officer with a search warrant to look inside a big crate but if they actually find letters there it's not Ok to read them without the consent of the recipient or the author. Can I specify a regular expression as an argument to a string type or demand an integer or a real argument to be a solution of a certain equation with this? Can it also handle validation of certain data against other data in runtime (e.g. load a list of available options from a database and make sure no value that is not in that list gets is allowed as a parameter to a certain function)? Sounds like an abuse of the youth naivety. Many people don't care about their future until they graduate and make their fair amount of mistakes and selling their privacy is going to be among the mistakes they'll probably regret later. I see. Thanks. The main problem of Visual Studio is that it doesn't work on free operating systems. > Will end-user applications ever be truly programmable? If so, how? Emacs, Smalltalk, Genera, and VBA embody a vision of malleable end-user computing: if the application doesn't do what you want, it's easy to tweak or augment it to suit your purposes... With Visual Basic, you can readily write... Lisp was great and VBA was fun back in the days and I love it nostalgically but today VBA looks ridiculous because it actually is neither functional nor an object-oriented but a toy language and the fossil VBA IDE kept integrated in all the modern MS Office apps without an improvement for decades feels like a disaster. It ought to be replaced by either a modern dialect of Lisp (which is improbable as Lisp looks ugly and feels unintuitive to non-geeks and geeks are not the relevant target audience of Excel macros functionality) or something like Python (the best candidate that can probably satisfy everybody). > Today, however, end-user software increasingly operates behind bulletproof glass. This is especially true in the growth areas: mobile I believe the main reason here is the cost of supporting (and developing too) the apps and forcing users to do what you want. It's easier when you know all the possible use cases in detail and you are who designs them. > and web apps. Web apps don't operate behind bulletproof glass. Thanks g-d we still can view source, inspect, change and script almost everything in the web with the developer tools integrated in every major browser. > So far, things have turned out fine — I’ve only been billed a $150 copayment for my ER trip... Copayment should be eliminated too. Paying for an insurance I want to be sure that if something happens to me I don't have to worry about anything, even about having spare $150. Well, I have narrowed the statement to be about free OSes because there is a version of VisualStudio for MacOS as far as I've heard and because whatever works on Linux/FreeBSD usually works on MacOS too. I mean it should be cross-platform in the way VSCode is. I don't use Linux for ideological reasons, I use it because it works a lot faster (especially when using PyCharm - the difference is drastic) and more reliable than Windows and gives me "almost-MacOS-and-much-more" experience on my PC. Modern apps targeting professionals and enthusiasts should be cross-platform (run on Windows, Linux and MacOS) and not force you to choose from just one or two major OSes. Does it integrate with Gitub Pages? I'd like my personal WiKi to be shared as a part of my Jekyll-powered Gitub Pages blog (and I'd love to see more people go this way sharing their knowledge). In the Czech Republic copay is optional (depends on the insurance company and the plan, not really widespread, the majority of people don't have copay) and nobody seems to be misusing this. You can also just buy insurance that is going to cover almost everything (and with no copay) for reasonable money without even having a job (if you actually have a job the insurance costs you and the employer a fixed percent of your salary). Some times the laws change (just to get changed back some years after) and compulsory copay gets introduced but it always is just ~$1 (which would be enough to repel bored grannies and homeless alcoholics that just want to hang out if there actually were any, but in fact there don't seem to be any actually misusing hospitals). Hospitals don't look and feel as fancy and cozy as they do in the USA and a stationary patients' diet is a disaster from the dietary value point of view but in every other aspect everything works amazing. > What's the successor to the scientific paper and the scientific journal? Why not just a kind of an article-centric social network where scientists would publish their articles and reference other articles, other scientists (and whoever who has found an article relevant to their practice or research) would write their comments, score the articles by various subjective parameters and mark experiments they have managed or failed to replicate? Of course, there is to be moderation to fight junk comments and a way to weight the things that affect the ratings by the reputation of who contributes these. If I were a scientist I would rather publish my research on my own blog if this didn't mean almost nobody is going to find it and take it seriously. Back in the days, there were no blogs people all over the world could view and that's why we needed journals. I believe journals would not even emerge otherwise. If the Internet was somehow available since the earliest days scientists would probably just upload their works there and care no more (but to receive feedback perhaps). That seems a really weird move for a place where almost everybody has a car. It would be reasonable if the public transport system was well-developed, growing rapidly and meant to be the main means for the people to travel the city but isn't the USA (with exception of a small number of places) primarily a car country? I actually wish there were a whole [laptop] computer and an OS designed around an e-ink display so it wouldn't be a pain to use in bright direct sunlight. Why would an e-ink device even need a screensaver or to turn the display off? Isn't just leaving a displayed picture as it is the most energy-efficient and display-saving solution on e-ink? > Interesting that "possessive" is considered a case here. Is that how Turkish speakers think of it? I doubt many native speakers of any language ever think about cases, they just use them intuitively. > When I studied Turkish in college, we learned that there were only 6 cases (and Wikipedia agrees) I don't really know about Turkish but in some languages there actually are more cases than taught at school. E.g. Russian has 6 cases "officially" but in fact there are more than 15. OMG. Thanks g-d I have a PocketBook rather than a Kindle and have never seen ads on e-ink... Thanks. Nice to know. Perhaps, if you make it black-on-white and if your diplay is not glossy. Even using a classic gray-on-black terminal becomes hard when the sun shines in my window (I have curtains but not thick enough, I'd rather install jalousie but some members of my family resist this for aesthetic reasons) while I actually love sunlight and fresh air and could enjoy working outdoors during sunny days if only the display would stay readable. > And part of the problem is, of course, that writing a good post is much harder than writing a witty tweet. As is reading it when "a good post" implies a long post. Authors should better realize brevity is a merit and learn to organize the information they seek to share in more concise pieces easier to digest. If encounter a post that seems interesting and fits on one page I will surely read it. If it's about 1.5 screens-long I may read it. If it's more than 2-screens long I will only read it if I believe it is probably going to change my life. And my screen height is just 900 pixels. I've waited for about half a minute and the page still doesn't display anything but just loads my CPU (I have retried a number of times with no luck). > With cheap music streaming services such as spotify, apple music and google play as well as video streaming such as netflix and amazon, does anyone need bittorrent anymore? When it's about music/video, although I still listen/watch Spotify/Netflix, I actually prefer to have the tunes I love stored in bare audio files, DRM-free, and play them without using an Internet connection, I also prefer to watch movies on my non-smart internet-detached TV by just putting them on a USB flash drive. But I hardly ever download music or videos from BitTorrent actually (although I have indeed downloaded rips of some albums I have legitimately bought on CDs in the past), BitTorrent is not only about pirating this kind of content. I also doubt there would be much progress in ease of access and affordability in the recording industry without competition with the file-sharing world. 30 seconds should be far more than enough in whatever a case. Needless to say I have all the tracking scripts possible blocked as, probably, almost everybody else on HN. > It is a file-by-file [search] on your phone And what are they going to look for? Does it save the data on the user PC or on a server? Fortunately, there is a number of static hosting providers that are better than the old generation nowadays (e.g. GitHub pages, Netlify, Aerobatic). I just hope the content archive is not going to be lost. If this is true, it's a design mistake. Backlight should never be paired, it should be activated on demand either by a button or by an ambiance light sensor. Having backlight turned on when reading a book on an e-ink screen during a day is a ridiculous waste of battery unless you hide in a closet. > Windows, so not a full OS Thumbs-up! I get what you mean but this sounds brilliant :-))) All (AFAIK) the health insurance companies in the Czech Republic are private (public actually, but not state-owned) corporations that are regulated heavily but in a very reasonable client-oriented and a little bit socialistic way. Every person is legally obliged to have a paid health insurance but the coverage is the same while the cost is a fixed percent of their income to be paid on monthly basis so poor people pay less and get the same service. People that don't have legal regular local income (e.g. foreign students) must buy insurance approximately the same way tourists do when traveling abroad (everybody else can also go and do this and it's as easy as buying a cellphone subscription, that's almost a free market). Exactly the same thing in the Czech Republic. But I wouldn't say "sadly" as the $1 visitation fee was introduced and removed a number of times and it didn't change anything. Is it meant to be a better alternative to Keras? GoG and HumbleBundle are the only ways I buy games ever. I don't want to pay for DRM-ed stuff I can't just download and use at any computer I want. Some games are (maybe all the games nowadays, some years have passed since the last time I did) but I just buy the whole bundle (for a price slightly bigger than required to get the maximum version) and don't play the steamed games. Once there was a steamed game I have really wanted to play I have bought it this way legitimately, then downloaded a pirated version and played it instead. I hate telemarketing, election influencing and political social network bots impersonating people altogether so it sounds great but doesn't this probably mean it is going to become illegal to build a chatbot, give it a human name and a [legally acquired] human face avatar? Will it actually affect telemarketing/political bots only? BTW I have always wondered why do only the major political parties and their allies ever use bots for political influence. Obviously, real geeks could do much better at this if they would want and there probably are many gray/black hat hackers that would probably not hesitate for just moral/legal reasons but there still seems to be no bots that would try to influence something like the votes on net neutrality, ACTA/SOPA, the European Internet copyright law etc. Because of the low quality. All the bots I've encountered were ridiculous. Like different "people" starting to follow me on Google+ (obviously intending to attract my attention so I would follow back) at the same moment and posting exactly the same (equal as string values) "thoughts" simultaneously. You can also find crowds of human-impersonating political bots posting exactly the same things on Twitter and in comments many times.