Professor was suprised that there are two distinct set of rules, game rules and social rules, and that by breaking social rules you can anger people? Somebody should go to his office and pee on his desk explaining to the professor that he is not breaking any game rules (in that case called 'physics'). Professor could be also suprised by revelation that in real world also two distinct set of rules exist. Maybe he could write about this afterwards. Splitting people around you into groups and labeling them as 'us' and 'them' lies in biology. It can't be totally suppressed. What schools could actually do is to give those two colored T-Shirts randomly to the kids to create artificial division that would allow them to get past the tribal labeling period without forming persistent bias based on some real unchangeable (although insignificant) quality such as skin color. Two black holes colliding. In Britain international criminal lord could sue Interpol for libel and win. I think that only sensible way to deal with the libel is to allow it. It's already that way in reality. If someone spreads a rumour about someone else to hurt his reputation the source of gossip is impossible to track and impact can be devastating despite all the clarifications and court judgements. Explicitly allowing for libel could do the same to impact of false claims that possibility of posting anything on the internet did to perceived credibility of any unverified information. Those laws might be fine when small amount of influential people could effectively disseminate information but in the viral age of today, when false information written on someones anonymous blog can sweep across information agencies all over the world the libel laws effectively serve only trolls and powerful organization to fight journalists. Actually this page is brilliant. I have not included php.js in my projects but used this page many times to find out how to do in JavaScript things that are easy in PHP but in js ... they are not easy at all. ... also often you don't know or even can't estimate how much dollars something can bring in in long term. If you are starting new unique venture you can't really estimate potential gains. But from history of man kind seems that investing in new things and even exotic research is in the long run extraordinarily beneficial. Gains from gathering resources and building ITER (or GPS, or orbital power plant) earlier not later can give humanity much greater benefit than it would gain from instantiating 5 mln startups with 1/5mlnth of the used resources. I'd even say that no value can be created by human activity (by means other than resource exploitation) if it does not involve inventing or applying new technology. Can't people use some better models for monetizing on their creations in place of old "Pay us or we won't show you!"? It's hurting all of us and we have technology now to deal with this some better way. Study comparing apples to oranges ... Why anyone takes this seriously? Just because of thrill value? From Wikipedia: However, this study has been considered to have next to no scientific value, because it compares the irradiated population with the much older general population of Taiwan. A subsequent study by Hwang et al. (2006) found a significant exposure-dependent increase in cancer in the irradiated population, particularly leukemia in men and thyroid cancer in women, though this trend is only detected amongst those who were first exposed before the age of 30 Dolphins do sleep. But only with half of the brain. One of the functions of sleep might be just inactivity but another much more important one must be associated with neurons. I think sleep (namely REM phase) is needed for neural network to avoid overlearning. That's why sleep deprived persons hallucinate. Their neural network is overlearned to recognize stimuli from senses and it recognizes known patterns even if stimuli is week. Nothing better to avoid that is to disconnect neural network from muscles (to avoid hurting yourself) and discharge neurons randomly for some time. "Understanding a pointed finger may seem easy, but consider this: while humans and canines can do it naturally, no other known species in the animal kingdom can." So chimps can't follow finger if it's beneficial for them? Or dolphins or crows? My friend was afraid that someone might want to hurt her dog by feeding him something nasty, and since there is much more right handed people she taught her dog to avoid treats given with right hand. Dog gladly accepted treats given with left hand. At first I was amazed that dog can discern between left and right side of human or the world. That's not something that comes easily even for humans. After the dog refused to take treat lying on the inside of my left hand I turned the hand by 180 deg along wrist-elbow axis and placed treat on top of my hand. Dog accepted the treat without much hesitation. Dog did not understand the concepts of left and right, just relied on placement of the thumb on the human hand he saw. That's how I circumvented her little security measure and hacked into her dog. ;-) What amazes me is that in relatively short lists of things on internet I often see duplicates. May this be lists of jokes, arguments even photos. Copies are usually close to each other, often on the same mid sized page. Is there something in creators psyche that causes having a blind spot on such duplicates? Example from this article: 4. More than half (51.9 percent) of respondents were the first in their families to launch a business. 11. Entrepreneurship doesn’t always run in the family. More than half (51.9 percent) of respondents were the first in their families to launch a business. Surely this can't be sole reason for all occurences of this effect on the interenet (and even in books). ;-) That's not the point. I am not talking about lack of originality. I am talking about failure to notice duplication in short list of supposedly interesting content published by oneself. From my experience on pair programming: - it occurs naturally if you give two programmers one computer and one problem. - one programmer becomes tactician/executor, other one becomes strategist/supervisor - tactician thinks how to make loop to iterate properly, strategists thinks why to make loop and what to do next. - it helps immensely to have someone who has different ideas than you on your side, if you are willing to submit to this ideas if you don't have other than idealistic arguments against them. I found it much easier to achieve "pair flow" than just "flow". I think someone should write internet worm that upgrades IE on the computers it infects, spreads for after a while then closes hole through which it spreads (so the computer won't get infected again) and then delete itself. The fact that such worm does not exist yet after all years of IE6 suffering might mean that worm writing hackers are assholes. The cause could be that inside the block there were already the /* */ comments, and editor did not have single keystroke option to add // at the beginning of each selected line. Ok. So I have another theory. In place of false there was previously some ugly condition and he wanted get rid of the things that were done on this condition with minimal necessary effort hoping that someone in the future with more time (maybe even himself) will clean that up since doing cleanup in such case is not hard thing to do. "Companies succeed with single founders all the time. Just look at Digg, Craigslist, eBay, Netflix, Wordpress, Wikipedia, Amazon, TechMeme, PBWiki, TechCrunch, TechMeme, and Etsy." Again repetition in short published list. Am I going insane? Do you also see this? How that happened? Maybe I am indeed going insane. Again repetition in short published list. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=834697 "Companies succeed with single founders all the time. Just look at Digg, Craigslist, eBay, Netflix, Wordpress, Wikipedia, Amazon, TechMeme, PBWiki, TechCrunch, TechMeme, and Etsy." Do you imply that people who ignore some laws do things only for profit? I know that such worm could accidentally be harmful. But IE6 is also very harmful. Security issues in IE can attribute for large fraction of infections with malicious software. Drugs can have side effects in some percentage of treated patients but if they help more than hurt they are still used, especially for diseases where no good treatment is available. Just like in case of IE6. Probably only small fraction of current IE6 users needs IE6 and would revert to it in case other than reinstalling windows after total system failure and thus involuntarily bringing IE6 back on board. I guess there is no good way to weeding out IE6 from corporate environments. Maybe MS should just revoke their licences to use IE6 and sue them? It's interesting question in general how to weed harmful piece of software out of ecosystem. I have friend like that and he saved my ass many times. When I was stuck trying to find satisfying solution, he was almost always coming up on the spot with something simpler then I was striving for, but upon close inspection good enough. If I pointed significant problem in his solution he either came up with fix or abandoned his idea without regret. I like to think that I design better apis and libraries than him because I concentrate much more on what I want to have and try to weed out any inconvenience, but when I can't get what I want then he comes up with the idea I actually can get and is good enough. I think the idea is awesome. It's so much more convenient to go to one place aggregating information from internet to decide whether brand is trustworthy instead lurking around different hard to read forums to get the info yourself. Therefore it's a good free service for customers. It also may become good service for companies because as massive amount of people starts using his site to get information about brands, he offers the companies cheap way to cover up their errors for large part of their potential customers. Guy is a genius and Lisa Barone just doesn't get it. Being Chief Branding Officer probably makes you angry about anything that may help customers recognize true value of brands. Venting anger helps. Often when I was pissed off at my client I wrote angry letter pinpointing all the inadequacies in his behavior. After I wrote it I was calm enough to write another letter where I proposed constructive ways to alleviate the problems we had. Of course I was just sending the second letter because only useful purpose of the first one was to help me calm down. I agree but it's a fun idea to anonymize such unsent angry letters and publish them for own and other peoples amusement. Plus you can learn a lot from other peoples mistakes, may that be mistakes of the criticized ones or the critic himself. From my experience I learned one thing. AVOID DUMB PEOPLE. Never work for dumb people. Never work with dumb people. No matter how beneficial for you the deal is (or seems to be) so far, if you notice that people you rely on are dumb, just quit as soon as you can. Dealing with dumb people almost always backfires hurting you financially and psychologically. I don't say that you have to quit as soon as somebody around you does something dumb, but you definitely should quit as soon as you learn that someone you rely on is dumb, even if he hasn't been dangerous for you so far. There is only one sure way to prevent all kinds of attacks involving javascript. Never emit contents of any variable to the browser without treating it with htmlspecialchars() (or equivalent) first. If you want your users to post formatted content either don't use html for formatting (use something like markdown) or parse the html to tree, and run it through whitelist filter that will let through only tags you want to pass, only attribute values that you want to pass, and only values of attribute that you want to pass (defined by narrow regexps that dont allow such thing as background:url(javascript:)). To sum up never mix other data types with html (kept in static places like template files or read-only database tables), unless you are absolutely sure that they contain html you want to display, either by htmlspecialchars-ing them (safe and fast general policy) or by parsing and whitelisting (for cases that you really, really have to allow some html). Think like that and you will save one dollar in computing power during normal operation and lose over nine thousand when you'll be forced to clean up mess after xss worm attack. Maybe it would be more useful to declare what types of exceptions method handles. Declaring what types of exceptions methods (throws|receives and not handles) should be optional. The way it is now is too much work and too little gain in typical setups. > The string conversion issue was brought up because I think it is an excellent case of 'programmer knows best', but the exception causes the whole dataset to be rejected, not just the one record out of 3.9 million that were fine. The programmer first has to know that he has to make decision what to do with partially wrong input and there is no better way to let him know than throwing exception in his face. Then he will know that there is configuration option that will let him to go around the problem one or other way. Default option in case of any trouble should be exception bubbling up with information what can be done to avoid it. a() throws Exception; b() throws Exception; c() throws Exception; eeeverbody() throws Exception; There, I dealt with exception handling. The more you have, the more you waste. If you have a lot of your working hours available, there is a greater chance that you'll waste them on useless crap like freaking out and stubbornly making useless misguided things. It's better to be a bit lazy and treat your work as scarce resource and think about ways to allocate it better. > That's like saying, "Much more important than breathing is having a beating heart." According to modern resuscitation guidelines this is actually true and meaningful statement. > Working hard does not guarantee success, but it improves your chances. Not a bit if you are doing the wrong things, as you may learn from many startup failures. > They don't want to accept the fact that there may have been guys that could outdo them, but didn't bother. I guess I was one of these guys too. I perceived striving for best grades as inefficient use of my time. I remembered interesting things automatically, I memorized things useful for applications of interesting things with bit of effort. With the rest, I didn't bother. For much effort on my side reward would be very little if any, so I was satisfied with any grade I got, as long as it was passing grade (it was not always easy to get, lack of interest and reputation in the subject sometimes makes getting passing grade really hard). I believe that striving for best grades can have significant mental risk because some things depend only on chance and there is nothing more stressful than seeing how your hard effort becoming pointless by silly accident of teacher being in a bad mood. That changed a little bit in college. There I was satisfied with grades that gave me grade average high enough to get highest merit-based scholarship, because I always liked getting money for something else than my time. With this strategy I ended up as one of 10 best graduates. Along the way, when current school topics aligned with my interests I was getting highest grades. In case of C++ course after spending week on reading interesting half of Bjarne Stroustrup's book, on tests I was pointing out the mistakes in test questions, and providing two answers, one according to intention of the question writer and other according to exact erroneous phrasing of the question. The grade I got was something like A++ (no one else got it) and it was illegal so on later occasions it was counted as A+). When topics diverged from my interests other people were doing better. I wasn't jealous of them because I was never interested in competing with them on their ground and I was pretty sure that on grounds that were important to me they could never be significantly better than I was. When I think of this now I never actually felt good about beating them in my domain. I felt that if they were as interested in these things as I was they could achieve similar results as I did. All software that someone wants to be protected by copyright should have source code publicly available. That would be exact equivalent of standard patents. If you publish all the details of your invention you get temporary monopoly on manufacturing it's copies. If not then you get no protection. > The same reason as copyright – to protect innovation. Does the innovation need protecting? And if so then protecting from whom? Would copy-pasters do more damage to innovation than lawyers do? Grading on a curve is a strange idea. It completely destroys incentives for pear to pear learning, that was very important part of my college experience. I learned a lot by explaining material to my peers. It would be much harder if there was something as discouraging as grading on a curve. Also third point seems valid. In software any change can be made technically at any stage, at cost of work hours (that can be sometimes priced as low as 0$ in case of unpaid overtime) and the software quality. The quality is hard to quantify. You can tell apart perfect from usable from unusable, but software very rarely achieves perfect quality and usable software has fair margin from being unusable so changes rarely bring easily noticeable degradation of quality. But changes do have cost. Developer time has to be paid one or another way eventually and degradation of quality raises maintenance and bug fixing costs. All this has to be (and is) factored in the price of the software. On the other hand I think the first point is completely bogus. Computers are extremely cheap. Before personal computers I'd have to buy very expensive manufacturing machine to provide such value with so little work. If I had no money to start with I'd be forced to work for somebody who had capital to purchase the machine. I might never be able to afford one myself. Actually software is extremely cheap because computers are cheap. Software that costs zero could not be possible if computers were expensive. In my country (that fortunately is not third world but also not the first world exactly) I can buy decent (not high end) computer for my monthly developer earnings and I consider this to be really cheap. There is no other machine so cheap that could provide me with way to produce so much value. chan anons could probably refactor this into some foul meme Maybe you are being downvoted for spelling cheap as cheep or maybe some programmers feel offended by your "cheap programmers" that sounds degrading. "Less affluent programmers can buy cheaper PC's" sounds better. I always wonder: "How can they enforce such laws without putting police officer behind everybodys back 24/7 ?" and if they can't why do they come up with such laws? In my opinion that's exactly why SETI has not detected any signal. There is a very low probability that two civilizations will be using radio waves for few exactly same centuries (even taking into account birthday paradox). Civilizations just few hundreds years more advanced than us probably routinely use cheap neutrino based communication channels. Sadly even if we can detect them they will be probably multiplexed, compressed and encrypted so much that without proper (impossible to guess) algorithms they will be indistinguishable from background noise. Looking for radio waves in space and sending them is almost as dumb as making big fire to create huge smoke signals for aliens and using looking glass to spot same kind of messages from aliens in the sky. I also implemented for my purposes backup scheme that deletes older backups in order to keep backup density inversely proportional to age of backups. Does that mean Apple can sue me because they came up with the same scheme and patented it? _In the corporate structure the to do list doesn't appear at the "C" level._ I guess nobody at "C" level has actually anything that he has to do. These people just wander around dreaming solely or collectively with similar people and/or yelling at subordinates. Look at biohacker42's comment. Autodesk theoretically might raise it's prices since there is more value for customer in item that can be sold when it is no longer needed. > Maybe at the time this was a fairly unique idea, but now it's common place for many many websites. It would not be if Eolas could help it! fail early, fail often ;-) "[x] early, [x] often" is nice rule. Why not apply it to failure? So much like me, especially my deficiencies as free-electron are painfully obvious to me. What's even worse, I'm a loner so there's no one to compensate for my deficiencies. Guy is whining that Google dared to clear up some of the mess of book copyright that was hurting human knowledge preservation and dissemination. He thinks that since Google is rich and can spend money on what they want then whatever they achieve is cheating. He perceives that any endeavor Google decides to spend their money on indicates a precious market that they want to monopolize. He somehow not manages to take into account that before Google took its shot it was a messy desert. To paraphrase Nancy Kress, question is not who should be the repository of such public trust as knowledge. Question is who can be. And it seems that Google is first to stand up to this task. It just shows how dumb are large organizations. Single human being doing educated guesses can be smarter than corporate entity. Great leaders perceived efficiency is effect of two factors. One, they manage to actually strongly influence what happens in their organizations. And two, they are not dumb. At least one of these just must be false for Steve Ballmer. Static typing gives you 'redundancy of meaning' solution for a fairly rare and not especially harmful, or hard to detect by other means, error of holding some data types under identifier that you meant to hold values of different type. It's a hard solution (vide generics and all the redundant typing) for minor problem and it cannot justify its existence on such basis. For me static typing is just a hack on the side of compiler guys to make their work easier for them. It was claimed to have benefits for programmers at later date. > Why do so many people talk about youth as some sort of idyllic time in one's life? I totally second that. Youth consists of people telling you what to do and hitting you without any consequences for no apparent reason beside their own amusement. For me things started to lighten up during college. At last there was almost no boring things to learn (in comparison with previous stages of education) and virtually no homework drudgery. There were fewer interactions with people that were likely to assert dominance over me just on basis of formal authority. Vacations lasted three months. You didn't need to take notes during most courses, just xerox them from someone with better handwriting week before final exams. After college life got even easier. I just have to earn enough money to keep myself and people I care about alive. The only struggle I have today is to build wealth generating system that makes money for me without putting in additional work so I can relieve myself from the last obligations. Paying bills is easy, acquiring and keeping job if you are educated in something useful is also easy. Politics you can withdraw from. Disappointments are spread through all life and they are more harmful when you are young and emotional. Being forced to learn boring stuff on daily basis for 10+ years (that actually longer since you are younger) while coping with your emotions and huge amounts of people you meet is far more hard then anything in adult life. If you positioned yourself so well in life then accumulate wealth, wait for retirement and do whatever you like then. There is never too late to become entrepreneur. Being successful entrepreneur is about hiring guys smarter then you anyway so age is no barrier in becoming one. I'm using language without static typing for most of my work and I can hardly remember any bug that was caused by having wrong type of data in unexpected place. I remember very well redundancy of using language with static typing, I know how much boilerplate code is needed in languages such as java, and how complicated can generics become in C# if you want to achieve fairly simple architectural things that can be concisely expressed in dynamically typed languages. I don't think that's the case. You praise us for having unmatched aptitude for understanding complex systems. While it's probably true, reading such open praise made me uneasy. Strengths do not balance weaknesses because understanding thing fast and thoroughly does not help me to finish what I am building before loosing interest. Sometimes you have to pull off any dirty trick you can google on yourself. Strapping myself to chair with trouser belt worked for me once when I had to do work for customer but my brain constantly zoned out away from drudgery and was raising my body from the chair and sending it to kitchen to look for something unspecified. > He rejected the idea that unrestricted access causes overuse, calling that "nonsense promoted by insurance companies .... There's nobody I've ever met who gets their pleasure by seeing doctors." In my country where medical care is completely free (only medicines cost but they are often partially subsidized) there is problem with overusing doctors time by old, lonely people that just want to talk a bit and meet person that is concerned about them. Of course 100$/month price tag would drove most of them off. Funny thing is that there are ideas in my country to introduce personal health insurances to get rid of ... long waits for some procedures and wasting money. That must be interesting problem if two antagonistic solutions fail similar way. That's the way it's organized in my country as well. You have to go through GP to see any specialist (with exception of dermatologist, urologist and perhaps few others). It sure helps to save specialist time but there are public complaints about wasted GP time. Maybe the trouble in my country is just lack of money for medical care. Not really. It takes less than 10% of your income and it's almost completely deductible from income tax. Main trouble is that you have to wait long for some procedures (but not for general care), and that doctors and nurses as government employees periodically go on strike. I recently mailed short set of logins and passwords to my old customer instead of my current customer. Source of my mistake was that these two people shared both first and last name. Fortunately I felt uneasy and double checked to whom actually I sent the email, and after noticing mistake I promptly changed passwords and sent them to the right guy this time. For some time it is. You can be well for some time just with the oxygen lingering in you lungs and in your blood, as long as the blood is circulating through your body. Right. Because who could build a successful company selling soft that can do some math priced at thousands of dollars? Isn't the math free? People who would buy nice mobile interface for wolfram alpha are not the same people that buy "paper toss". > The game is however slowly rising up the charts (e.g. top 100 apps in Japan) I wonder if any of these can be due to a buzz generated by people playing game for free? I modern harsh world you have to give away a lot to actually sell anything. You can't sell a newspaper without DVD. You can't sell DLC without giving free client to anyone who wants it. You can't sell a game without giving cash to advertisers or free pleasure to pirates. You choose what you prefer but pirates will get what they want anyway. Because they can. And where do you place huge amount of interesting innovative flash games available completely free? Why the thing that keeps them from occupying the same quantum mechanical state by holding them apart (like in neutron stars) is not called force (the fifth one)? That's actually quite funny that we call 'fundamental forces' only the forces that we can't explain the source of. Most open source software is created with the purpose of making grandiose amounts of money, but rather for fun or for showing off. But it's still business and lots people make a lot of money out of it. I'd say first rule of programming is KISS. It kinda includes your rule. Maybe it's just involuntary reflex. I met someone who said he works as admin and complained he can't find a job in the town he lives (he commutes more than 4 hours a day). I couldn't understand that, but later in conversation I learned that he's a windows admin. Then I had the eyebrow rising involuntary reflex and everything became clear to me. Windows admin skills are kinda useless in town where most companies can't afford to use MS solutions where good open source alternatives exists, let alone employ many windows admins. Not in my country. And if they do they don't have money to hire administrator. Son in law of the owner can usually take care of things well enough. Funny how those kinds of calculation fail to take into account how people were slacking of before twitter and facebook. I guess there wasn't articles titled 'Reading newspapers at work costs economy 2bn' because offline slacking off is harder to monitor. Shouldn't something be done about the way we work to get real and take into account that human cannot concentrate on boring tasks for 8 hours a day without breaks? Watching windows logo while your computer boots up is kind of waste. You already bought up this windows thingie and won't be buying another one for a couple of years, so why not present you with Big Star logo or Mc Donalds or something else. Pausing your boot up process to show you the commercial is completely different (complete no no) thing. Actually having apple logo on lid of your laptop is also a waste for the same reasons. Jobs should strike a deal and put Mc Donalds logo there. Lazy and dumb programmers are ok until they discover copy-paste which unfortunately happens very early. "What's the word for bribing people with their own money?" Discount. Nice case study of what happens when delivering software is left solely to corporations. The trouble is that as engineer or researcher you have to actually do some hard, useful things. As for financial sector, so much money is floating around these guys that they can earn exorbitant wages almost effortlessly without having any skill at all. I guess people claiming they can predict future always earn disproportional amounts of wealth without doing anything useful. That is as long as everything goes well. Squeeze this free-riding and casino mixture that is called financial market a bit and you will have plenty of smart people available for hacking physics as they loose incentives for hacking money game instead. I overshot myself a bit with "without having any skill at all". I meant "without skill that they must had to get comparable salary from engineering type of job". Also I didn't mean CRUD jobs because they are probably same as everywhere else. Smart person with a bit of social aptitude can pass them fairly fast. I don't think that during work you would be using skills that you were tested for during interviews. Any highly profitable branch that does not require skill has to have high barrier on entry. Because if not, soon all people would d it, and that would make it less profitable. If job actually requires skill then barrier of entry need not to be so high because lack of skill will quickly become apparent anyway. For example barrier of entry to my college was fairly low (it was technical and not many people actually wanted to get in because math is hard so the college set their barriers fairly low to not put people off, this also probably had to do with the way the school was financed). Semester later one third of the students were gone. After first semester only half remained. > At Microsoft, a new PhD in computer science makes about $90K, while Microsoft pays newly-minted lawyers $140K. And the gap grows after that. That really shows who brings beacon to MS. :-) I encourage all people who enjoy seeing lots of bikes on the streets to visit Florence, Italy. When you are there buy bike for 50 euros and sell it for the same amount when you leave. There are literally hordes of bikes parked everywhere. In this city crowded with tourists you can safely ride a bike though dense crowd, and leave your bike anywhere next to fifty other already parked there. Of course bikes do get stolen as everywhere else so locks are obligatory, but herds work for bikes as well as they work for herbivores. I have a friend who studied econometrics. They learned quite cunning math during their courses. Trouble is that they didn't understand it. They didn't know where it came from or why it works. It was black box to them. What is more this math allowed to calculate things according to one of many competing economical models which none of have been proven in any way to be actually true. It's all fine at the university when you research models, but later on the job it's completely useless. These people perform calculations on daily basis that they do not understand as a form of cargo cult. Later I had a pleasure to work for econometrics professor and his PhD employee. Even they didn't understand all the math they were using. I'm sorry but I am not proper researcher so instead of pieces of evidence I have only experiences and thoughts most of the time. But I still want to share them with anybody interested. Math requires a lot of memorized knowledge to solve anything interesting. Without knowing the right theorems to use in the proof you are trying to compose ... all your efforts might be futile despite having excellent problem solving skills. Math uses mountains of knowledge derived over many years by hundreds of the smartest people in history. You just can't physically repeat their work for the purpose of making your proof. You just have to know what is known so far. For me one of the most fun parts of educations was non-organic chemistry in primary school. So little to learn and you could attempt to solve problems that twisted your brain like a pretzel (and succeed). I could solve problems my teacher couldn't because I was probably smarter then him and we both knew the same about the problem domain because it was all that was to know. It could be easier to understand if instead using z-Transform they shown that you could do better numerical second order integration if you take few previous points into account instead of just one as in naive method of integrating twice with forward Euler integration. Of course purpose of this lecture was probably not to make you understand what you are actually doing while numerically integrating, just to teach you how to put this stuff into simulink that has z-Transform as one of it's primitive building blocks. I was always annoyed during college how math notations occluded what was actually happening. I always had to translate math to common sense. Translate derivatives to speeds of gain, gradients to slopes, vectors to movements and so on. Only then I could understand why given theorem actually might be true (and useful). I could often spot some error in lecture during this process. Unfortunately my peers were most of the times not able to do the same (at least not in real-time). I think much more general understanding could be achieved if my teachers could stand back from math notation and do some hand-waving more often. Smart = Intelligent + Having a lot of domain knowledge It's as simple as that. Being intelligent can also make transforming information to knowledge easier. If you have high IQ and still are stupid that must mean that you don't pay much attention to the domain that you are stupid about. > Bugs in the application resulted in garbage in the database that wasn’t discovered until a couple years and terabytes later. One of my colleagues had the joy of spending 6 months as “data garbageman” cleaning up the database. Cleaning up should be faster. It's strange that thing A is optional but without doing thing A up front you can get yourself in a mess such hard to clean up. If thing A is optional cleaning up the mess resulting in not doing thing A and having bad luck should be much easier. Db guys tend to overlook interesting problem how to get out of the mess. They just have pie in the sky rules and if you don't use them all and get yourself into trouble then it's your fault so suffer! Mr. X got fired because Dustin published his email. What reasonable man could publish somebody's email in which author bitches about his corporate workplace and expect not to get him fired by this? Corporations perceive them selves as saint. If anyone complains about the smell in their cathedral he gets kicked out. You can probably get away with such offense if you are customer but never if you are employee. Another question is: Is money worth so much to justify visiting such smelly place daily? It's actually quite funny that they fired him for violation of NDA. It's like an old joke that someone got punished for disclosing military secrets after he said that general is stupid. With longer eyeball you don't tire muscles in your eye by looking at close objects so it's actually a gain not a loss. I'm attributing my ability to look at screen for 8-16 hours per day, every day for last 15 years to this. Of course progression of myopia is very bad but I think it can be almost completely attributed to wearing corrective lenses. If your eye elongated to adapt and you trash benefits of this elongation by wearing glasses without changing you lifestyle then you encourage further elongation. Before I formed my theory about myopia it progressed already to the point where I couldn't look at computer screen without glasses so not wearing them for most of the time is no longer an option for me. Three years ago I bought myself new glasses but now I started noticing that they are no longer adequate when I have to look at distant objects. They are of course still perfect for watching computer screen. My plan is to buy myself new ones and use them only on occasions where I will need to look at distant things. For other needs I'll still use outdated ones. That kinda reminds me how when you upgrade hardware for your webapp new features quickly crawl in that utilise the hardware. They might not be needed but they become possible so they come into existence. To reduce amount of bureaucracy you'd have to pick some work-consuming area of the operation, make it obsolete by government act and fire all the people that were doing that work so they will not be available for other tasks inflating them. To avoid their complaints you should still pay them salaries for few years but allow and encourage them to find themselves another job outside government sector. First of you are already burned out so make yourself two year holidays to rebuild your strength and relationships with the people you care about. Surely you must have accumulated enough wealth by now to afford such things (of course this will require cutting down on some expensive stuff). After two years start freelancing. Eventually build a startup. Live happily ever after. There is a very long way form audiophiles to people who delay giving hastily developed precautionary drug against illness that has 0.02% mortality rate on diagnosed patients. Audiophiles are just people who pay vast amounts of their expendable money for feeling well. They are just plain stupid because if they changed their friends and forgot the audio thing altogether they'd feel well at no cost. Cautious parents just show reservation and that is not stupid at all. Especially taking into account in haste preparations of the vaccine, major amount of money that is going flow to pharmaceutical companies and information noise generated by the media. You don't want to be early adopter of potentially buggy solution if your kids health is at stake. > PS if I was marketing the swine flu vaccine, I'd name it after a kid who died last season and put her picture on the release form. Ah the old "Buy our stuff or your kid will die like this one" pitch. Always works. I just say that mentioning audiophiles and swine flu vaccine in same article makes me uneasy. And not acting on something you hear in media is neither stupid nor irrational. Are there any means of knowing if your opponent is cheating in online poker game? How can you be sure if he is not supported by bot or if he hasn't some means of influencing what cards are dealt or knowing what cards have been dealt to you? Is there some poker specific cryptographic tool for that or you must just assume that system you are using to play is completely secure? So basically you just trust that poker sites do not have backdoors? That's not something I'd bet my money on. I was wondering few times after encountering concept of artificial neural networks why people use them as they do. One or two layered perceptron taught with back-propagation has just as much to do with how brain works as anything. Why don't people just build network of simplest possible silicon based components with bounds that remember whether they were recently active, and strengthened if a moment later it occurs that reaction of a network to a given stimuli was proper but weakened if it was improper. I bet you could teach this kind of network anything if it consists of enough elements and density of connections is sufficient and you can counter in period of random component discharges to simulate sleep and thus avoid overlearning. Brain architecture, chemistry of synapses are just implementation detail of this general idea if your have to build it out of biological cells. > Your proposal dismisses just about all we know about neurons, and ignores all we don't yet know about neurons. Yes. That's because I think that the things we know about neurons are mixture of recipe for great adaptive control system and implementation details of this idea in biological hardware. In fact I think that most of the things we know are implementation details (although valuable form medical point of view and intrinsically interesting). > Reproducing such simplifications in hardware, as you propose, may result in products that find a technological application, but don't advance our understanding of brain computation. I agree. I don't claim that such neural network can help us understand how brain works. But I bet such simplified artificial neural network could learn how to walk, run and jump maybe even see - as good as a child. > You'd be hardcoding a battery of special cases. I think that you are referring to my statement about sleep. I believe that sleep is not special case of anything but essential thing for any neural network learning. I have not heard about single organism with neural network that does not dream (perhaps with exception of one human being, Ngoc Thai). I interpret hallucinations resulting from sleep deprivation as symptoms of neural network over-learning. I think that periodical disconnecting of neural network from sensors and actuators and letting neurons discharge randomly is essential for proper learning. > While we expect the brain to be hardwired in some regards, its agility and flexibility are mighty. I think that specialization of some parts of the brain for some tasks is just minor optimization. I draw that conclusion from the fact that young human with large parts of his brain missing can grow to be perfectly fine because other parts of the brain train themselves to replace functionality of missing specialized parts. > Your model falls short of emulating even our current limited notions of brain computation. True. But I am not striving for modeling biological brain. I just want to build new brain in silicon. Evolution is simple idea obscured in details by strange biochemical hardware it has to run on. I believe that same is true for neural networks. > Unlike games like chess or backgammon there's currently no AI / bots that can beat no limit holdem or omaha. The University of Alberta and others are studying the game but it will be some years yet before we have a poker equivalent of 'Deep Blue' beating the best players in the game. If I were successfully researching poker bot I would not go public with this. It seems that discovery of this cheat was mostly due to the newbness of the cheater. If skilled player possessed backdoor access to poker system and used it wisely, peeking in only from time to time when it's necessary and might go unnoticed he'd be rather undetectable. I was amazed when Google released Chrome (the browser). One day there was nothing, the other day there was web comic explaining dream about the browser and the next day there was the browser itself. How could they build a web browser in complete secrecy without anyone spilling a word about it to the public? I didn't know it was possible in times when even government documents make their way to the web and copyrighted movies are routinely published as torrents days before their premiere. FusionGarage won't be developing this themselves. They will just covertly sell full documentation to some Chinese company that will manufacture it in huge quantities for Asian markets at first. We are going to see CrunchPad in few months from now under completely different name. > Truth be told, if just a name and perception of gender creates such different levels of respect and income for a person, it says a lot more about the world than it does about me. People who succeeded and think that they own it all to their skill, persistence and diligence should read this. Being lucky on some trivial things like name or gender may have affected your success more than you think. It's also supported in PHP preg_ functions, but instead (??{$regex}) you write (?R) I'd really hate to belong to last mortal human generation. > Despite years of trying, making programming languages look more like English hasn't helped people become better programmers. That's because human languages are geared towards interactive communication not towards describing problems and solutions precisely. That's why computer languages resemble rather precise math language. I don't like idea that you should keep inconvenience in place to keep of idiots. Idiots won't succeed anyway but inconveniences harm professionals and novices. Maybe PHP is too easy but mysql_real_escape_string() is too damn long. And that's why web is full of SQL vulnerabilities. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bBUc_kATGgg I dedicate to you the 4-th verse of this song. War machine sending data through unprotected channel? In XXI century? After two world wars and a cold war? How? I am really glad that I've read this. I plan to build a bit unorthodox website and I was intending to use PayPal for money transfers between the users. After reading this I am almost sure that my PayPal account would get suspended at any decent amount of popularity. Can you point out some other alternatives? I was thinking about money bookers. Does your bank reject payments to your account done with moneybookers and you have to explicitly remind your bank that you want those payments and then everything is ok? Eat food. No too much. Mostly plants. 'Mostly plants' refers to the only piece of diet world that has been proven by science. If you eat more plants you have lower risk of many severe diseases. That's all we know about diet for sure. The rest is guesswork and wishful thinking. To my knowledge there were numerous studies confirming that eating plants often lowers risk of diseases such as cancer. Maybe you can achieve similar effect with some other precise diet but eating mostly plants is the easiest way to improving your health and lower you calories intake. Waking up in the morning is living against bodily clock in my case. I go to sleep when I feel sleepy. I wake up when I have enough. My sleep time usually somewhat overlaps with nighttime but I can occasionally skip a night by waking later and later in subsequent days. I eat when I'm hungry. I should have serious health problems by now according to any chronotherapist. I'm sorry. I don't really care enough about eating to do a research on it. I just cited advice I've seen lately because It was just as verbose as in my opinion it should be and was in line with the things I've read earlier. > I think you've misunderstood - the argument is not to keep inconvenience in, it's to avoid taking things out which aren't actually a problem in practice. I really don't know what can be kept because it's not the problem, because I tried to get into programming and I succeeded. All barriers were passed. But the same barriers that I've passed without noticing may effectively discourage someone else. Programming language is just UI of the complex automation system. It should be as easy, clear and intuitive as it can be. In my opinion same general rules should apply to computer languages design as to UI design. Designing good language is not about how to enable programmer to use hashmap (or whatever) with fewer keystrokes but how to make a man that has never seen a hashmap before to know at first glance that it might be solution to his problem and how to use it. > Therefore any attempt to turn a programming language into English is not going to address the real difficulties of programming Turning words into English is not gonna help much. But finding metaphors for programming concepts (for example dictionary instead of map) that are less mathematical and more similar to concepts encountered in everyday life might improve accessibility of the programming world. I also think that computer should try to guess what you mean by what you are writing not give you a finger over a missing semicolon or quote. If there is ambiguity in what you have written he should ask you additional questions to establish what you want. > It's like making a bike easier to ride by gluing the rider to the seat - sure it's technically "harder to fall off", but the problem isn't usually the rider falling off the seat - it's the whole bike falling over, taking the rider with it. I see simple programming languages and systems more as a training wheels that protect you from falling off with the bike and never trying again. They introduce you to concepts of pedaling and steering so you can get some fun out of this activity and eventually teaching you how to keep balance by not punishing you too severely for loosing it. > Likewise, the hard part of programming isn't remembering precise and finicky syntax - it's making sure your own thinking is precise and finicky enough that you can accurately express it in such a finicky, precise language. Right. Even if you know exactly what is the datatype that you want to define you may have a hard time expressing it properly in C even if you are pretty good novice programmer. That is just anecdotal example of syntax that can be obstacle even for smart people. We might have no idea what syntax might be obstacle for less mathematically inclined. > I'm not arguing in favour of long function names (I'm not entirely sure how you got that from my post) - Sorry. I mentioned PHP and that particular function because PHP is often perceived as too easy language that enables people who don't get the programming concepts to program and make a mess. I strongly disagree with that notion. I think that PHP's popularity is due to some very good decisions simplifying design (like single datatype to express various lists, dictionaries, arrays, lack of need for conversions between strings and numbers, run and forget model without long lived server side entities) and it's security issues are due to some very bad design decisions (one of them being the one I mentioned). > I'm arguing against people who think that by changing "print('Hi there');" to "print 'Hi there'" they've somehow solved the problem of "programming being hard to do". Claiming that such operation solves the problem of "programming being hard to do" is just silly because making programming easier is much harder thing that involves some real research on how people learn how to program. But I think that this improves things slightly. Every unnecessary operation that has nothing to with you goal and lies between you and your goal is bad. Same as in UI design. All this ( ) ; is strange crap for graphic designer who wants his Flash flick to go to given page after clicking on it. > What you really mean here is that humans are complex and adaptable and have a theory of mind, whereas computers aren't and don't. That exactly what I meant. > This, however, is not a fault. I work in web development, and I see every single day confusion and problems caused by a mismatch between what someone asked for and what someone else understood they wanted. Coming from the same environment I also see how this confusions are avoided. And that is by direct fast two way communication that does not end too soon, talking, drawing pictures, pointing fingers and prototyping. I imagine same solutions should be incorporated in programming environments to make them more accessible. When you don't get what someone said, you just say to him what you understood and sometimes what he might meant by saying that and he agrees or clarifies until you both are sure enough that you share the same idea. That kind of dialog might have place in programming environments. Code completion and parameter hinting are very crude and silly attempts on making such dialog. Despite their silliness they are immensely useful. > When you're writing computer code you should specify exactly what you want - architects don't design a house by drawing four walls and a roof and some rough, to-the-nearest-metre dimensions on the back of an envelope, because then houses would fall down and kill people. I just think that architect should not necessarily need to be all human. Some technical details can be worked out in dialog between human and machine. > The main problem is that people are lazy, and think in generalities. That is the problem but thats just how humans are. Even programmers. It's not gonna change so things should be designed in such way that allows people to be lazy, still got the things done and not to hurt themselves. > That's fine for socialising, but many things in life require precision (especially in our increasingly-complex society)... and lazy people used to relying on implication and inference find it a great effort to be as precise as is required. This effort comes more easily if you can clarify things step by step and not have to be perfectly clear from moment zero. I think current programming environments seriously impede designing solutions to problems because they require precision too early and do not infer enough in proper way. > it's for people to learn to request what they actually want, instead of asking computers to essentially "do some stuff with a thing". It's not gonna happen. It lies in biology. Organisms always try to achieve goal with least possible effort. Progress is not done by making slaves not lazy but by inventing steam engine that enables lazy people to do more. > It's not a question of success of communication - it's a question of imprecise requirements, lossy communication methods and inescapable rules of information theory. In my opinion programming is about forming exactly same idea in two places, programmers brain and computer hardware. Designing a program is part of programming and computer should play more active role in this part. That is horrid. After comparing human to human conversation and bot to human I feel like goal of conversing with computer is so far away. People communicate through such narrow channel. Few words, almost no grammar and they still can stay perfectly in sync. If bot tries to imitate the style it descends in pure nonsense. If it does not it still seems like it's not capable of understanding anything. I think another approach would be to ditch grammar and just build some kind of word and word combinations associative database fed with extensive memoirs of single person. If bot spots a question it should respond with closest word combinations found in database. Also it should remember what was said and use it as a context while seeking for answer. Right, but it's still winning the game. If you don't start by copying single human you will always end up with patched up Frankenstein like creature that can be easily discernible from human. Besides, mind is just big lookup table with simple, not very effective reasoning engine and desire to fill in the gaps in the table. I highly recommend reading "The Drunkard's Walk: How Randomness Rules Our Lives" People perform worse than monkey while predicting random future events because they search patterns everywhere, they think they 'figured things out' and they choose less randomly which is not a good idea if you are betting on truly random event (such as raise or fall of stocks) since by not betting on outcomes mistakenly identified as unlikely reduces your chances. Investment advice: 1. You can predict nothing so don't play short term and don't watch the stock market information, it doesn't help people that spent entire life trying to predict stock market even a bit so it won't help you but it will take a lot of time and will trash your emotions. 2. Buy whenever you have money. 3. Sell whenever you need money (and by need I mean REALLY need). You may postpone buying a little bit if you see declining trend and loosen up a bit on 'really' in 'REALLY need' if you stock is currently worth much more than some time ago and tighten it up if you lost some money on your investments, but I am not sure if that does any good or harm. You can read interesting things about FOXP2 gene here http://seedmagazine.com/content/article/the_evolution_of_lan... Finding about dolphins not mentioned in article: Dolphins have names in dolphin speech. Sequence of sounds unique for each dolphin by uttering which other dolphins that know him might call him. Interesting. Men have more variance in aptitude but there is same amount of boys and girls in math olympics (in countries with gender equality). That might mean that people able to achieve olympic level of math skill are actually abundant enough so small random pick from all available people with such potential does not show differences. Thank you. I should have realized that differences in standard deviations can tell almost nothing about differences in number of far outliers. > (Also, from what I know, too, the selection processes of countries like Romania, Bulgaria, Russia, Ukraine, Hungary, China, and the USA are anything but a random pick. They can be quite grueling, actually.) I didn't mean that getting into Olympic is random pick from general population. But since not every person that is able to achieve Olympic level is in the Olympics (some smart students might not care, some not so smart teachers might not care) it is kind of random pick of all who could theoretically pass the grueling trials. I second that. You want to cripple pirated version of your software in specific, obvious, maybe even fun way. The Sims had such protection. If game was incompetently pirated then player could not kill cockroaches in the game. It was specific enough so when people googled for some info about cockroaches they were finding out that the cause is badly pirated version. Some of them might have bought legal version. Others just looked around for more thoroughly pirated version. But every one knew game is good and solid. Maybe this tribe has small mutation in FOXP2 gene causing impairment in comprehension of typical human grammar. EDIT: Maybe not. > Gordon ruled out mass retardation. Though the Pirahã do not allow marriage outside their tribe, they have long kept their gene pool refreshed by permitting women to sleep with outsiders. Unless this mutation is dominant. > A Pirahã child removed from the jungle at birth and brought up in any city in the world, he said, would have no trouble learning the local tongue. I wonder if they tried that. This is one of the reasons that open source is great thing. If you encounter bug you may go as deep as you need to. No inaccessible black boxes in your way. When I encountered bug using MS software in my projects I could go only as far as their bug tracking site that had my bug an it was more than year old. This happened to me twice. On the other hand when I found bug in prototype.js I could fix it myself. They even accepted my patch and included it in future release. In practice annoying bugs can be caused by few easily understandable lines that no one bothered to look into so far. I can't wait to turn it into webapp framework. There is no better tool for improving government image that terrorist threat. It's objectively pretty harmless threat that can be medially inflated to such great size that control and security provided by government will seem absolutely essential for all citizens. I can't think of another harmless thing that will make having government along with army, security and spies appear equally useful. War is good at justifying existence of army but it's devastating so should be avoided at all costs. Cold war was playing nice for few dozen of years but enemy collapsed. So now we have terrorism. Good thing is it's much safer for us. There is no correlation between gun ownership and murders because if you want to kill someone and plan for it you have fair odds of succeeding even if you use rolled newspaper as your murder tool. On the other hand there is a correlation between gun ownership and homicides because killing human accidentally is most easily achieved by use of gun (maybe I'm wrong and the car is best tool and gun second best?). > All I have to say is that if it wasn't for the miracle of Christianity, we'd be on %@#&ing Mars by now. Amusing comment. Some time ago while looking at some painting in Florence depicting Ascension of Jesus I had following idea: Time travel is actually physically possible only very hard to come up with. Christ was rouge time traveler who wanted to pose as god (like in 'Behold The Man') and got himself into a mess. Angels were rescue team that were to revive him and bring him back, but unfortunately the myth that our unfortunate traveler had started screwed up development of human thought so much that development of our science was delayed and took completely different path, far away from any ideas that might lead us to time travel before earth will be totally forgotten (Asimov's foundation like) or destroyed by future generations. Since Jesus and angels that took him will land somewhere in the future there actually might be second coming. Sort of. i hope we will be able to compare notes on development on human thought then. I'd say that greatest data structure in all languages is PHP array(). It's actually an ordered dictionary with default implicit natural number keys. Efficient enough to represent concepts such as arrays, sets, queues, stacks, trees, graphs without bothering with hashtables, linked lists, reallocations and other underlying data structures tailored for specific purpose. Author assumes that his friend didn't realize that he is at loss with the case which is unlikely. There are people who prefer to punish others that in their opinion misbehaved event at their own expense. Pleasure from punishing misbehaving one is greater for these people than loss that was necessary to deliver punishment. Money is no less virtual than pleasure from single person point of view. I ran linux on desktop for close to a decade. Things I've learned from it are invaluable to me. I came from windows where I learned all that user can learn about it, which was not much. I switched to linux for anything else than gaming and Visual Studio jobs and lived (more or less) happily ever after. When I first touched mac two years ago I was angry about the UI that was completely counterintuitive for me. When I found console things brightened up. I thought "Hey! It's linux inside, only packaged as annoying toy." I could even set up nat when I needed it. It was only a bit more complicated than in linux. I haven't found any killer apps. When it died on me recently I wasn't really shaken. I just felt bitter about the money. Few things to outline my perspective. I'm a programmer, I don't like paying for hardware more than its worth. I don't like paying for software. Joins don't scale. The drift from desktop software to software as service (usually free up to some capacity) is a good thing for linux because it fills some gaps in availability of some useful software on linux. Personally I had far worse experiences with commercial software than with free software so I am not especially eager to see commercial software on linux. I think on linux commercial software has hard time competing with the software developed open source way. From the standup I've seen: The reason the caveman were skinny is that before they could eat meat they had to chase it for few days and kill it with a stick. This reminds me universe of Culture novels. I fully agree with you on everything you said here. Nope. I honestly think that that this is one of the main reasons PHP is popular and is able to power even the most complex websites with ease. Before PHP I did Basic (Atari), 6502 Assember, Logo, ACTION!, Pascal (Kyan, Turbo), C++ (Turbo, Borland) , Java, C#. After PHP I did JavaScript and Python. First I've met PHP-like arrays in awk and was astonished with its versatility. I still believe that data structure that allows person to make a queue, stack, tree, even graph easily without knowing any theory and planning anything is one of the greatest things I've encountered in programming languages. I am very dissatisfied that python does not have standard ordered dictionary and strongly differentiates between tuple, array, set and dict even though they provide just overlapping subsets of odict functionality. I've read this few years ago. I felt like this guy crept into my head, teared out my personal exact believes and published them on his website. Other Android phones are to Nexus One as Firefox is to Chrome. If Google does the same thing as you do it doesn't mean it doesn't love you anymore. It still will cooperate with you and it still will pay you. It just wants to try out some things but they don't want to force you to try it for them. Nexus One is to smartphones as Chrome is to browsers. Nexus One is to android phones as Chrome is to Firefox. It's not a revolution, it's not instant blockbuster. It's just Google trying out good things as always. Amusing idea but theory that underlies calculations is full of unreal assumptions. Let's consider spherical cow in vacuum instead. Are you sure your lock can't be opened without trace (bumped)? Car lock can be easily destroyed. Locking your car when you have nothing valuable inside may cost you the lock. That was in the case of my friend. Also possibly window if interested party has just a stone on him. Aversion to grind is why I prefer Diablo 1 to Diablo 2. First one is hard enough to be adventure. Second one is just a grind. My aversion to grind might be also the reason why I don't seek daily job. Insurance will pay and raise your insurance premium because you become higher risk person. In my bank one time passwords do a very good job. Of course I rather avoid doing banking from windows. Great. Now I just have to find someone to pay me for reading internet, ranting and solving problems of my choosing. Corruption. You pay 100k dollars to few government higher ups to back up your case then you can sell lots of 40k dowsing rods and no one will argue because higher ups can't be that foolish, right? An if they are you can't say this out loud. Especially because this is about security. Important stuff. You may have to do some sciency talk that no one will understand or verify but all will revere. Tamiflu is being purchased by governments for exactly same reasons. You just have to grease the wheels then you can roll like hell. That's quite horrible. That means that people of power consists of two groups. First group built of individuals thinking they deserve power, who take much for themselves illegally and other group of individuals thinking that they do not deserve the power, who perceive immoral actions of the people from first group less immoral then they actually are. Juvenile? That's a real problem people face every day because some designer/programmer failed to foresee it. This automation tool is a way to deal with the problem the way that user can understand. Sure ifconfig is superior way to do it bu it's beyond reach of most users. This kind of gui automation tool is something that empowers normal people to get around their problems. Yes. I was reporting realization that came to me after reading this, not the results of the research. My opinion is of course simplified (there might for example be a third group of people in power that don't have opinion on whether they deserve that power or not who behave like rest of general population and judge morality of acts closer to average judgment). What struck me that part of people who have power, those who have high moral standards for themselves (possibly induced by feeling that their power is undeserved) might tend to overlook immoral actions of their peers just because of some glitch in our biology. There are two services. One is producing unique content and second is delivering content to people who are interested. Traditionally first service was paid by establishing monopoly for second service and channeling disproportionate gains from providers of second service to the providers of first service. Since second service became ubiquitous (anyone can provide it at almost no cost and without involving anyone else except himself and his customer) it became virtually impossible to uphold this model of financing creative work. Of course no one gives away old ways without putting up any fight, especially if old ways brought him mountains of cash, but all antipiracy campaigns are just futile attempts to play against the market that due recent developments in communication technology made coupling used in the past infeasible. There are new ideas (new for the industry) how one can pay for creative work. Some are advertisement based. Some involve entangling content to services provided by server that is under complete control of party who has deal with content producer. Some (dumber ones) involve closing up content delivery process by limiting capability of device. Some things turn out to be more profitable some less. Market adapts to advancement of technology. Some people are not seeing money that past experience led them to believe they deserve but that's just the way life goes. Technology giveth, technology taketh away. There is very funny comment to this article. I sincerely believe that it is ironic. "I've never liked Linux. Firefox is faster and more reliable. Less buggy too." Funny thing that under the article advertisement for this appeared: http://www.ideal-case.com/demon-silicone-series-case-for-iph... > They figure the only people who won’t want an iPad are people who don’t like magic. Now I understand why I don't want one. I don't like magic in my reality. I prefer tech. "Any technology that is distinguishable from magic is not sufficiently advanced" so Steve, round up your engineers and send them back to drawing boards because everybody (apart from apple marketing) can still see the difference. Third verse of this song tells all about the homeopathy that is to know: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bBUc_kATGgg What is more: More expensive placebo works better than cheaper one so price of homeopathic remedies is in some way justified. I don't think that privacy in this case is all that good. If there is a law that you could break without knowledge and without harming anybody then this law is against common sense and should be abolished. Upholding privacy as a way to get around stupid laws is like suppressing exceptions in computer programs so that errors would not manifest themselves. Because no one is bothered there is no incentive to fix it. When it comes to laws we don't need privacy as much as we need common sense and latitude. In short term you are right. But in long term you end up with buggy law system in which you know you can be prosecuted for your daily activities. Such system is fertile ground for corruption ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1063485 ) and straight way to totalitarian state when you always know you've done something that can put you in jail but just hope authorities won't find out. That significantly limit your incentive to oppose activities of the state. That's exactly what I'm talking about. Silly laws exist because they may not be obeyed. Citizens get around them, enforcers get around them and the message never bites the policy makers in the ass - the people that are responsible for this mess are often not even aware that they made a mistake. So I am claiming that loss of privacy that I perceive inevitable in face of modern and upcoming technology is not necessary bad thing because it may create the demand for fixing some stupid rules that may cause some of us harm. > I'm not sure that's the case - the examples I gave indicate that when you force employees to abide by bad rules, they just start acting badly. If there is a strong asymmetry between law makers and people who must respect the law (such as in case of employers and employees) people will obey because they have no choice. But even then they will vote with their legs leaving environment that is governed by stupid laws. In case of state and citizens in democracy there is no such strong asymmetry because government must maintain appearance that it works for the people. > it's quite possible that the reason the laws are broken is because they can't take every situation into account, not because their authors were stupid. Same thing with computer programs or any complex system but it should not stop us from striving for improvement and inventing tools that may make such improvement possible. I think that surveillance is one such tool that allows to monitor how much harm enforcing given law can cause and may lead to fixing the law. Slowing to 2-3 ft/sec. is different from coming to a complete stop because if you stop, you must start again and it takes few seconds (especially if you don't have automatic transmission) and that's the reason you don't do complete stop even if when you should. That few seconds might save your life. That's the reason Stop sign and Right of way sign are two completely different things and you are required to do a full stop at Stop sign. I think that takes much "free" from "free market". Why can't buyer do whatever he wishes with the item after purchase? I wonder to what building codes are shanty towns built or trailer parks. I wonder why government won't go bother them. I think obligation has to be actually paid up by the receiver for the transfer to be effective. They are not that stupid. > Sokolsky has calculated that at 3×1020 eV, even a single proton could travel no farther than 10 megaparsecs I wonder how fast proton looses energy (due to interactions with photons of background radiation). How much energy it would need to travel to us from edge of observable universe? Particle have (very short) wavelegths associated with them. It might be interesting to observe larger amount of such high energy photons coming from same point in the sky especially if there is a black hole near their path that could bend it slightly. Maybe we could get some diffraction patterns. ... yeah I'm probably insane. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ultra-high-energy_cosmic_ray As a kid I wrote AI for snake in Atari Basic. I was very proud of it since it played aggressively and when you moved your snake close to its, it turned to get in you way when it was sensible. That kinda illustrates what I mean. You can effectively perform legal action against single guy who was smart and rich enough built huge castle for his family (and probably did it smart way), but you can't do anything effective to protect people inhabiting most dangerous buildings because you don't have tools to enforce building code on them. Periodical tearing it down doesn't do anything good. I have a question for physics savvy hackers. Can you point me to some description about how it is possible that anything has ever fallen into some black hole despite infinite time dilatation and space compression at event horizon? Sorry for departing from topic of the article but I thought about it much and have doubts about holographic principle being valid if event horizons don't grow, so I wanted to make sure that they do. I don't think that there was any mention that error rate was dependent on manufacturer. > Some naive intellectuals want to abandon copyright altogether. It's more like "Some are abandoning copyright altogether." now. > Dress Suits As soon as they make suits incorporating Polartec and Goretex I'll think about wearing suits. Until then I prefer my comfort over pretty much anything. I make exception only for funerals and weddings. Can you as us citizen register company in Canada and provide your services in US? Is there anything against it? Import tax on services? In my country there is a problem with employers forcing their employees to fictionally incorporate, so employer can save on social security (in case of 1 person companies social security is not associated with actual income, but can be paid in low minimal monthly amount, of course lower monthly social security payments means lower retirement benefits which is not good for fictionally incorporated employees). Our IRS equivalent decides that incorporation was fictional if former employee has 1 person company, has only one client and this client is his former employer. If you have multiple clients and none of them hired you before you started your own company then you are safe. This is interesting but I'd prefer to see mathematical proofs explained verbosely line by line in this fashion. Transition between two lines of mathematical deduction can be denser and more cryptic than any verse of any rap gibberish (not to mention more useful). It's not about swear words. It's about lack of any meaningful content. Just bragging, trying to shock by disgusting and being an asshole to everyone, especially woman and police. Instead of thousands rap songs you could have only two: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqXi8WmQ_WM http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xC03hmS1Brk Wow, touchy. Don't Tell Me What I Can't Do! ;-) (sorry 6-th season just started and I'm somewhat influenced) I listen to rap music. I've heard hundreds of songs so I'm at least order of magnitude less experienced rap listener than you. I often like the music and interesting music tricks. I think rap music is averagely innovative and pleasant to hear. I can even quote some fragments of lyrics (surely not as many as you) but that's not because I like them. It's just because when you throw shit at wall some of it will stick. As for educating myself no one can know everything so I prefer direct my physically limited learning capacity at different subjects. If you have free capacity I'd like to interest you in a thing that I consider clever lyrics: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zmfo-eL9VKc I don't want to enrage you or continue this discussion. We have just different tastes. I'm writing this because you phrased your suggestion in a way that you seem to be expecting an answer. The song you suggested is a nice song. In a summer radio kind of way. Like an average pop song. Reminds me of "Save Tonight" (which btw I consider much more awesome). Lyrics are good especially if you are slightly detached from real world an in "sad reflection on life of some people you've never met" mode at the moment of listening. Sorry if you took my comment as offensive, that's my last one. Is that more effective than burning natural gas in turbine? EDIT: In the movie there is a statement that it is twice as effective. Another question: How much a natural gas turbine of the same output costs? There is a claim in the movie that Bloom box uses half of the natural gas that would be required to produce same amount of energy in the power plant. If that's true (even if it includes price of energy delivery and income of energy producers) it's really going to be revolution in energy production. Especially considering how much energy is currently produced from natural gas. I think "Infringer!" sounds really malicious. I could imagine Hollywood B-type movie with this title. They claim that it's twice as efficient as grid. But this might take into account losses during energy transfer from power plant to receiver. Infringe 1. To transgress or exceed the limits of; violate: infringe a contract; infringe a patent. 2. (Obsolete) To defeat; invalidate. Hmmm... This name might actually backfire if second meaning was to be brought back from obsolescence. I think that this covers majority of funny movies. Couldn't you just pin it in place with hundred steel ropes or something? I don't suggest hanging it on strings just pinning it. Hundred was also a symbolic (a lot) rather than real number. Is no Chinese! Is dang robots tha took'ar'jobs! > When I buy the dead-tree version of my local newspaper, I have no expectation that it should be free. I don't buy newspapers and I'd be insulted if cafeteria that has those papers lying around would charge me for reading it. Are there any research that indicates that presence or absence of copy protection has any effect on sales? How can you measure that? You can't make a grand premiere of the same game with and without protection. I checked another project of that guy mentioned in the interview: http://www.superstructgame.org/ and I noticed that one of the movies he uses ("Outlaw Planet") has been pulled down by youtube due to copyright complaint from Stanford University. I didn't know universities are so evil that they sabotage projects of their graduates on basis of copyright. Even highest IQ single man can have is small when compared with capacity of few people combined into a good problem solving process. Two people with IQ 120 can be smarter than one with 210. Not to mention if they all use computers. If you want to make yourself feel better go and pass Mensa entry test. As a programmer you are already highly advantaged by knowing such concepts as xor an other bitwise operations and knowing how to animate a moving point (erase it and draw it again some distance away in each frame). There are puzzles based on these concepts. I took that test once and had all answers correct, which means I have IQ at least 156 (Binet scale) but might be much higher since I still had almost 30 minutes left. Your "programmer value quotient" is definitely not IQ. Knowledge and experience acts as IQ multiplier when tackling known class of problems. I think there is a number of 1.2x programmers that you would prefer to hire instead of single 2.1x programmer. For all activities there's a number like that and it's pretty low. What really can happen if someone cuts random wire? I think worker reaction was bit too nervous. If in fact cabling is redundant there should be no problem with cutting just one wire. Science does not rely on geniuses and programming also shouldn't. There is simply too much to do to wait for genius to do it. If your problem is too hard you should rephrase it, break it into easier parts, limit domain to what is necessary and give up some constraints. That's what people do in science and that's what worked for humanity so far. > Open-source is free like puppies are free. You don't write a check to get it, but you have to support it for life. Your employee's time is not free. Working around bugs is not free. Having nothing but the Web of Lies Internet to rely on for tech support is not free. Nice piece of FUD. I'm aware of that. I don't claim that author is stupid or mischievous. I just say it's a nice piece of FUD. I didn't expect to be downvoted so heavily about it. Replacing a wall would take much more resource than replacing one of thousand cables and you know exactly which one. Ever heard of Lorentz transformation? As for SR Lorentz gathered all the pieces together. Einstein "just" looked at them from different angle and what he saw was shocking. Apart from that Eintein was not the most intelligent man that ever lived. He was smart enough man at the right point in history. Genius, but not thanks to his capacity but to his achievements. I'm not sure what you mean by "contradicting Heinlein". The Starship Troopers Heinlein? ;-) Do you curse and swear if someone for fun shreds blank piece of paper that he found in your office? It's all about value of property, effort to replace it and the disruption to operation. If they have redundancy in cabling all of this would be minor and shouldn't cause such strong reaction. I second that. It was as if I read smoothly written SF novel (by Henry Kuttner). And yet it was about real people and events. For me it's all about speed. Funny thing is that the same thing made me to switch from IE to Firefox. Only things that may keep me with Firefox are now Firebug and FirePHP. What's the point of writing algorithm as lambda calculus? Can you do some automatic optimization on algorithm when it is described as this "birds" or check it for consistency in a way that is not obvious when we describe as series of commands to be executed? Wow. That method of swinging on the swing actually is innovative. At least for me. I never did that by pulling one chain and the the other. I always sort of balanced my whole body to start and keep swinging. I'm eager to try this new method. Should I apply for some kind of licence to that guy? I don't live in US is that patent valid in other countries? Why is that illegal? Apart from acting against somebody's terms of service and circumventing some protections? Selling tickets for fixed price is kinda strange idea. They should put up some continuous auction. Maybe that would better reflect the actual value of tickets at different moments in time. http://izismile.com/img/img3/20100304/daily_picdump_357_127.... If I have: do_thing_A_and_after_that_call(function() { do_thing_B_and_after_that_call(something); } do_thing_C_and_after_that_call(function() { do_thing_D_and_after_that_call(something); } what should I do to execute some E after both B and D is finished? I think that non-blocking effectively means introducing easy syntax for parallel execution while complicating syntax for sequential execution. I think parallel and sequential execution should be easy: on T1 and T2 do E where T1 = (A; B), T2 = (C; D) > Finally, to answer the grandparent question I don't event have a kid! ;-) Thank you, that was the thing I was looking for. My question now: What happens if one of the promises fails? Is a promise group disposed then? Solution offered by Periodic would wait forever. How do you break Node.js? And if you break it how much it is broken? With mod_php even if you kill or freeze single apache process your app is still up and running for other users. What happens if Node.js crashes or hoards resources? I think over last years jQuery won popularity contest with prototype.js and other libs. It's very handy and consistent. Lots of plugins exist that provide additional functions. Don't think about how fast it is unless you have solid evidence that it is slow. 11:44:33 AM Alex K: that makes it sound like it may not be worth huge optimization? 11:44:46 AM Alex M: no, not really 11:44:56 AM Alex M: I’m a purist though 11:45:18 AM Alex M: so this makes my world Last two lines scares the hell out of me. Apparently Mozilla liked Metalab design so much that it was getting ready to actually use it in their product. Price happened to be too steep so they passed. What Metalab should do is that it should contact Mozilla and tell them: "Look guys, we saw that you put much effort and actually introduced our design into development version of your product. We think it really looks great so maybe you should reconsider and purchase this design from us. We can give you discount on this." Instead they went "This is mine. You have not paid to touch it. Don't touch it! Hey, everybody!!! They are touching it but they didn't pay me!" ostache, clostache sounds funnier From what I see is more like: Why do you touch my apples? You said you didn't want to buy them for 10$! Stop touching my apples! Thief! Thief! Make him stop touching my apples! Or maybe fitting the dress you said you didn't want to buy would be a better metaphore. I can't force myself to think about the design as an item that comes in a opaque box with price tag. You have to try if design fits. If it fits you keep it, pay for it and everyone is happy. If not, you don't pay for it and toss it away what apparently Mozilla did. Same thing you do with photographs. You try many of them, but buy only the ones that go into final design. I wonder if MetaLab pays for all the photos that go through its designers hands. There are some screenshot that prove that at some point that design was tried to be fitted. That's all. Not that Mozilla took design home and unboxed it without paying. Maybe dumb Microsoft MDI concept will stop to haunt us now. Each IDE for last 15 years has same set of functions, and they are vastly insufficient. Shit that happens in your typical program is really much harder to observe then it should be. Program is interconnected mutating tree. Why the hell we are looking at its latest snapshot through set of flat files showing encoded parts of these trees grouped chaotically? On the other hand, why anyone who tries to actually show trees forces me to enter 2+(2*5) as five nodes without using my keyboard? Swapping forbidden data, library of forbidden books, underground leaflet campaign, clean samples for urine test. They are just preparing kids to get by in future America. That's a good thing. Aren't the adults alway freaking out about youth and trying to contain them as they were wild animals with every measure available? Funny. "Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep" is one of the cases for me when book is way better than movie. I literally feel asleep on Blade Runner. Twice. Then again maybe I was too young then to even watch this. I think I should try and watch Blade Runner again. But that is gain at the cost of people suffering from lack of clarity. You could say same things about lack of clarity as you can say about corruption. It's huge potential gain for some people but horrible waste of resources to every one. Nice thing would be to have automatically checked assertions, constraints so help spot interactions between law to be introduced with existing laws. All that would require to parse language into what it actually means. So we will probably have to wait for strong AI to see any significant improvement in lawmaking. But as author of this post postulates using readily available tools for dealing with complex text documents today also would be nice. Same thing with me. If I hear that someone except from my closest friends utters my name while speaking directly to me, all my alarm bells start ringing. It's stupid, because I know what my name is and people who did that in the past tend to turn out to be malicious. Nope. People who screwed me over in the past were smiling and saying my name with very pleasant and respectful voice with intention to genuinely make me happy. On the other hand my friends use my name only when they talk with each other about me in my presence or when they call me to get my attention. Pomodoro technique. You pick task that can be done in 25 minutes, you set up timer for 25 minutes and start working. You do your best to finish the task. When timer rings you set it up to 5 minutest and make a 5 minute break from computer. Take a walk to the bathroom, get coffee, do some push ups or sit ups, talk to your colleague who also uses same timer to regulate his work. 5 minute is long enough to rest and short enough to not forget what you were doing. 25 minutes is enough to get something done, and short enough to wait for 5 minute break. Just two rules, don't do anything except the task at hand during 25 minutes (you have no time for that!) and stop doing what you are doing when timer rings. I also use the break to plan what I'll be doing next 25 minutes. If I have task longer then 25 minutes then I break it into smaller parts. Trouble with that technique is that it becomes very hard to start first 25 minutes. It was just 500 factories. Probably any company today that has at least 500 factories has similar (modern) hierarchical system of control in place. AI is effectively replacing free market from inside out not top down like in government attempts to instantiate centrally planned economy. > ... he doesn't support the idea that the bankers are motivated by selfishness. ... Isn't that assumption always taken by default when considering nearly all market actions? That actors in the market are primarily motivated by selfish goals? In my country equivalent of FED has only one goal: Keep inflation moderate and manageable. It works out pretty well. > you are going to spend your money as soon as you get it - this has more ill effects than I can enumerate You are referring to hyperinflation? When money can loose significant value overnight? Or maybe you know what bad things are caused by high (but reasonable) inflation? Most US citizens not only spend all the money they have just earned but they spend money they are yet to earn, and their economy was rolling just fine. I think there is some good insights in this. As I see it: FED + Banks is a system of issuing money. As economy grows it needs more money. FED decides how much money is needed and banks determine who needs it and gives it to them (getting healthy profit if they were right). Banks found a way to circumvent FED limits on making money. They made much more money then the FED intending them to make. That money was pushed mostly to real estate market driving prices of houses up so they became completely disassociated with their real value that they may present to anyone. It was kind of spotlight hyperinflation. Each dollar was worth lower and lower fraction of average home. Money was seeping to the rest of the economy but since due to technical advancements real value of economy was growing probably faster then FED expected that inflation was not noticeable in other markets. When credit is paid back the money that was created when credit was given is destroyed. When situation is stable and credits are paid back at predictable rate then banks just give new credit in place of old ones if they are needed and allowed by FED and everything goes just fine. But when credit defaults money all borrowed money not paid back yet is also destroyed. If huge quantity of credit default at once huge quantity of money is destroyed. What is more it's money that belongs to bank is seriously crippled by this. Not only he didn't earned interest rate but also he has less money to give new credits and create more money to profit out of. Defaulting on massive scale is something that current system of issuing money is not protected against. I'm not entirely sure what happens if bank needs to destroy more money for defaulting credits than it has. Bank obviously goes broke but is the rest of the money still destroyed or not? Since a lot of money was destroyed there is possibility that there is too little money now. As far as I know there really are no good ways to estimate how much money is needed (FED and equivalents in other countries do it by more or less educated guess). Maybe issuing more money could help, maybe that is not needed. It's not that obvious as post author has stated but it may be worth a try. Also grudge about wealthy is not very polite but it might be true that they fear inflation more then they should because of their wealth. Disclaimer: By 'creating money' I don't mean literally printing it, just borrowing many times over the money that bank has (or borrowed). By destroying money I don't mean burning it but just owing people who deposited money in the bank and not having cash to give them back their money. Are you saying that grease monkeys should be rarely seen, never heard, should stick to their crap and let real specialist to handle the money? After all they do so well. Poland I was a bit imprecise. Not equivalent of whole FED but equivalent of part of FED that makes decisions about monetary policy. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monetary_Policy_Council In Poland monetary policy is understood as keeping prices stable not as attaining a set of objectives oriented towards the growth and stability of the economy. If the inflation was kept under control (not too low, not too high) then they would not do anything other then usual. They of course monitor unemployment but only because unemployment rate (which is currently 12.7%) can influence future behavior of inflation rate. I don't think that this is a conspiracy theory. Just observation (fairly obvious, although I am not sure if right in that case) that selfishness can sometimes lead to actions that harm economy and the people. Greed is (not always) good. > Would you like to see a code check-in by Paul Krugman? I'd gladly welcomed code check-in from 8 year old if it nailed the problem. Maybe subsequently rinsing the price as this guy did is also viable (although non obvious) strategy. Especially for macarena like products. > "My conclusion to all of this," Refenes said, "is that the people who you're selling to on the App Store are not necessarily gamers." That's a clever and funny insult. Gamers as in game players but also gamers as people who have any wit at all. I think it's like this. There are people rich enough that there is not much difference for them between 3$ and 300$. Some of this people own iPhone. They don't really care what the price is. Apart from their richness they are normal people who like to buy dumb toys. By pricing your fart app at 300$ you tap exactly into this market. What's interesting that despite rarity of rich dumb people you may be well off with targeting them. I think it was more about aesthetics. They wanted their bed to be perfect (that's why choosing took them so long). Since it's rare purchase 500 pounds more or less had no value in comparison to regret of getting the wrong one because it was cheaper. Price (if not exorbitant) is often not an issue (at least for some people) when choosing items that are meant to look nice. ms demo of border radius works in Chrome as well It designed what experiments to commence to solve the problem. No biology undergrad was able to do it so far for "orphan" yeast enzymes. I think this is significant and that such automated experiment design and execution might replace some researchers. Does Google advertise Nexus One at all? > But it didn't conjure these designs out of thin air. And human scientist obviously do? Of course you had to give the robot required knowledge on the plate because it couldn't pull what it needed to know from library. After all, books are written in some incomprehensible human language. The moment that robots will begin to understand human language people no longer will be able to call them just tools. Proof from the beginning of this article is ok but you have to reduce hypothesis to axiom using only operations that transform one line into second line that is true "If and only if" the first line is true. Following proof of 1 = 0 does not have this property. I was taught that this kind of proof is named "proof through equivalence" (my own translation) and should be avoided because it's easy to mistakenly assume that two lines are equivalent but there is only one way implication between them. Citation from the blog: We offered Lucas $20 for taking out the garbage each week. Twenty dollars for five minutes of work, an extreme amount, just to see of our instinct was accurate. He seemed excited by the prospect of all that money and the first week eagerly took the garbage out. We immediately paid him the $20 he had earned. The following week I ended up taking the garbage out. Even though the $20 offer was still in effect, Lucas had no interest. It simply wasn’t worth it him to do something he didn’t want to do. We could have raised the offer to $100, or $1000 and it wouldn’t have mattered. Question: Does any one know how to alleviate motivational problem described above? Not in psychopath but in otherwise almost normal person. I wonder what new words they can come up with. Thief does not really work because for centuries it too obviously meant something very different. Maybe one could find some good word in world of sex offenders and perverts? How do you call jerking off to someones picture that had not been explicitly sold to you for that purpose either by model, photographer or someone who has agreement with both of them without informing any of them what you are doing especially if some people buy exactly this picture from them for exactly that purpose? If you ever successfully hack your motivation please let me know how you did it. I have same problem as you but I fail to develop even simplest routines myself. I do things periodically only when there is outside pressure to do them periodically. Like going to school or to work. Otherwise I do things only if they bother me directly or I have spark of enthusiasm to try something out or straighten something out. I could just sign last paragraph of your comment with my name. In bit-torrent terminology leechers do upload but they do not have whole file. Seeders have whole file which means that the keep being connected to torrent network despite the fact that they have no longer any selfish goal in this. > I asked him if he had ever seen background galaxies distorted into spokes in the absence of luminous foreground galaxies. He said he had seen the phenomenon, but he said it was caused by "something else." Has someone seen some picture and/or explanation of origin? > The question is what motivates Ben Bernanke's decisions as the head of the Fed? He is still Ben Bernanke, right? Does the hat he wears change him? Assumption that people undertaking government position will forget about what their life was all about up to that point seems far fetched. Playing chess is not so much about reasoning. It's more about pattern recognition and assessment. To play chess really well you need to have embedded awesome heuristics in your brain that shows you what the good move is. I played with two people. One about same IQ as me, maybe slightly lower but having extensive experience (at least in comparison to mine) in chess (he played a lot as a kid, I played maybe 100 games total, never with significantly better opponent). Second guy I played was more intelligent then me but had almost no experience in chess (he was incredible mathematician, transition between two lines of his proof that he saw obvious, required whole page of my reasoning for me to be understood, he represented my country in International Mathematical Olympics, he got master degree one year ahead of time). With the first guy I won exactly once. Before that I lost about 20-30 games with him. When I played the other guy I was astonished how dumb moves he made. I won with him effortlessly first time. I didn't say that I thought that this mathematician was intelligent because he was incredible with math. I just stated that he was he was more intelligent than me (which I base on all experiences I shared with him, same as with my "chess-master" friend). Then I just gave some additional trivia about him to show what things he was capable of. My personal feeling is that having high IQ can help you raise your skill in something up to a certain point fast. After that if you are not genuinely obsessive about this subject you flatten out. People who are more interested than you (but are less intelligent) can catch up and surpass your skill. IQ doesn't determine how good you can be but only how fast can you reach your max. > People will look very far down a page if (a) the layout encourages scanning, and (b) the initially viewable information makes them believe that it will be worth their time to scroll. If I behaved like that I'd never seen nice and interesting eye tracking diagrams in the middle of that post. For that article what's above the fold is quite boring in comparison to the rest. What could stop China from setting up their own root dns servers and issuing only the domains they want and rerouting queries to IANA and ICANN root dns server to their own? Don't you think that he wanted to get caught eventually? I think this was the safest way out of criminal lifestyle that could probably lead him to premature death. It worked out great for him. Just selling movie rights would earn him loads of cash. Not to mention being most renown bank security consultant in the world. That's a good thing then, that he videotaped cool and impressive stuff he did and kept records from security cameras that were in place while he was operating. Maybe he didn't steal it for cash but just for the thrill of it? Do you sell in your cups and diplomas? If you were him how would you make a safe transition between criminal world and legal world that would guarantee that you will be able to sleep well every night till you die of old age? He is not mafia type guy. How long do you think it would take for him to start being the target for guys that hurt people that would want to use such skill as his? He's a clever guy, don't you think he might be asking himself similar questions? What the stuff is "meant for" is often not important in real life situations. If you have pallet of Coke to move, a bike and no driving licence that you don't care what the bike was meant for. If you have to hammer a nail but you only have pilers in your close vicinity you hammer it with pilers and don't care what inventors of pilers meant them for. I'm not trying to draw any parallels to RDBMS vs NoSQL just pointing out that what often matters in real life is what problems are solved with which tools and why. What the tools were meant for is pie in the sky. Why thinking that other people are stupid is such prevalent? It leads to so many misunderstandings. > Mac OS X comes with a command-line terminal and a variety of other ways to mess with and, yes, break your system. When I got my hands on mac for the first time I was frustrated by user interface, but when I finally located terminal I brightened up "Hey. It's unix. I know this!" I can't even imagine how terrible would be to have cool device that can do much but it's sealed from tinkering. This seems to be very heavily skewed towards US. Also something wrong with average completion times: Get a tatoo - This goal takes 6091 years to complete This is probably associated with the 'loose weight' theme. It means: "Drink water instead of coke or some other sugary drink." Representative sample of this size would be something. But that's just some visibly skewed sample. > If you flunk an interview, you don't move onto the next interviewer. If you fail, the interviewer comes back and says, "Ah, well, the guy you are supposed to meet with is in a meeting. He's key to the interview, so we're going to send you home and have you come back another time." What's the point of that? Why they don't say it straight? As far as I know high quantities of SO2 shield earth from sun rays causing cooling on global scale. I've recently heard about volcano eruption about hundred years ago (maybe two hundred I'm not sure) that caused ground-frost in July next year severely harming crops and causing hunger that led to many thousand deaths in US and all over the world. So if you are afraid of global warming you should welcome every volcano eruption with joy as its SO2 emission counter-effects influence of many millions of tons of CO2. I had roughly same experience with men and women. If they can't program they do not genuinely wish they could. They just say "It's so cool YOU can do this." > This whole premise is stupid. We don't seem to have a problem with the lack of female linesmen, plumbers, construction workers, electricians, HVAC specialists, or garbage men. Computer science and engineering has inherent research component in it. We do our little own discoveries on daily basis while researching annoying bugs. For research there is much value in diversity of approaches. That't why some people pity severe lack of women in computer science. They believe that this could increase diversity of approaches and give us better solutions. Also there is no lack of electricians today but the need for computer scientists is exploding. During the war electricians and other factory workers were needed so there was push for women to take these professions. We don't have a war now but soon development of our civilization might be capped by lack of competent people to program our machines. That would be severe waste of time. Shouldn't you have taxed it as non monetary gain? I get this comments only if I code on the fly when they are present. They see that there is nothing and after some keyboard clicking there is something. I think that author claims that Apple will always be one step ahead of the competition even without paying attention to what developers think and do and that's because Apple gathered a lot of money and they can put it into designing new gizmo and marketing it furiously so the user-base builds up and developers will follow because they are money-whores. I guess the point of this comparison is showing what's smarter: investing or buying junk. > As all political intervention (initiation of force) in the marketplace is outlawed under capitalism, a harmful monopoly under capitalism is impossible. That's at least a bit naive. If declaring something outlawed made it impossible we would live in completely different world right now. We could manufacture teleportation device powered by only clever lawmaking. This kind of statements seem like sticking fingers in ones ears and repeating a mantra. Market draws it's power from being multiagent and dynamic. All monopolies are evil not because they exploit workers and consumers (which they may o may not actually do) but because they harm things that power market. They reduce number of actors, narrow choices and lower the speed at which market adapts to situation. I think that humanity still has trouble with accepting insignificance of its efforts. We cannot even grasp how advanced would be civilization that is 1000 years more advanced than ours and 1000 years is a blink of an eye in comparison to most likely time of offset between two neighboring civilization. Hit earth for resources? If an alien civilization has capability of interstellar travel at galactic scales then it surely has the abilities to harvest necessary resources from uninhabited planets that are much more common in universe. Alien civilization might be interested in life itself though. Life is a evolutionary solution of a very complex nonlinear problem. Designing proper life for given sets of conditions might be hard even for very advanced civilization so they might be interested in every instance of naturally existing solutions such as place where life evolved spontaneously. Try squeezing considerable value out of your iPod. It's much more likely that it will squeeze value out of you. You are still better off with 0 dollars in worthless stock. And the beer I drink also improves my coding skills, and the coffee and the nicotine. Stop trying to pass your costly and possibly damaging addiction as something that improves your life and brings you value. I guess I'm asking to get heavily down-voted but I'm not all that into music. I know some coders that can't work without radio but radio is a torture for me when I try to concentrate. I even read about one guy that thinks that he codes best when he has TV on (spidweb guy, you have to give it to him that he makes amazing stuff all by himself, but I personally think he would have no problem concentrating with pack of buffaloes running over his body). I tried once coding with TV on and I lasted a minute before It drove me nuts. I can bear songs if they are in language I don't understand. I know that some people have better or worse resistance for distractions but I can't believe that some people concentrate better with distractions than without them. Substitute music with drink and imagine that your job is a doctor. I'm just trying to point out that there is a possibility (a bit far fetch I agree) that listening to the music while you work is kind of mind numbing mild drug that maybe helps you to suffer through the drudgery of workday but it might be harmful to your ability to concentrate and the value of your work. I agree that generalization from one instance is wrong. But you can't assume that every case is different because if you did that then science could not exists. If you would assume that each subsequent item would fall different way there would be no point in searching any universal law of falling. You construct theory about something with the data you have, and try to gather more data and see how it fits. Especially you look for the data that doesn't fit. As I live my life I gather data and construct theories. I shared with you with one of my theories that seems to check up so far. Namely: Music helps you the same way that glass of whiskey helps some doctor, cop or worker of printing press to deal with dull and stressful job. In my opinion it creates an illusion that it's beneficial for you, same way as you feel better after drinking coffee or alcohol. You get accustomed to music, listening to it makes your brain addicted to such stimuli and when you abstain from it you have trouble concentrating. That's why you have such trouble concentrating without music.Music gives you value. It only satisfies your addiction. You can argue same way that nicotine gives you value. > What is that number? Who knows! From article: When Reflexive games performed a series of experiments with anti-piracy measures, they found that they only made one extra sale for every 1000 pirated copies they blocked Besides if you successfully lock away pirates you loose all the good publicity that they give you on forums (provided that your game is any good of course). Couldn't the 'kick' be attributed to passing close to a black-hole? In Poland price online is not even an offer. It's request for offers of purchase from customers. When buyer puts item in the online basket and fills in his details he is making an offer to the seller that he wants to purchase the goods at the given price. If the seller sends the buyer confirmation email stating that he actually wants to deliver the good (automatic notifications about registering buyers offer do not count) then the contract with all the following obligations is formed. I found this game few days ago. I had few approaches to accept only equal number red/blue. First I attached binary yellow/green counter starting at 1111 to the end of the tape and with each pass of the tape I removed one symbol and incremented the counter if the symbol I removed was blue and decrementing it if it was red. At the end I checked if counter is still 1111 Worked perfectly until robot with only one empty space at the end of his tape was encountered. Then I came up with much simpler solution. Interesting thing is that machine you build is painfully stateless. Each test you perform which result you want to keep in mind has to branch your machine into two separate nearly identical branches. It was very refreshing for me to think about whole state traveling around your program as a single container with very limited access. I think it might have taught me about programming Turing machine and how different it is from every day programming. Thank you HN for tip that I can flip element with space bar. Without this information I got stuck at Ophanim level. Maybe I'll be able to finally beat it now. My solution to this was bubble sort. ?lvl=27&code=g12:4f0;p11:4f0;y11:3f3;r11:5f1;q10:4f2;c8:3f3;c8:4f3;c9:3f0;c8:8f2;c8:9f1;c8:10f1;c8:11f1;q9:8f2;b9:9f1; b9:10f3;r9:11f0;p10:8f0;c10:9f3;q10:10f3;c10:11f0;c8:5f3;c8:6f3;c10:3f0;g8:7f3;c9:7f2;c10:7f2;r11:10f1;q13:11f1;p15:5f1;b16:5f0;r14:5f2;q15:4f1;c14:4f0;c13:4f0;c16:6f1;p12:9f2; b12:10f1;r12:7f2;g11:9f2;c11:7f3;c11:8f3;c12:8f1;p13:7f1;c16:7f1;i14:7f7;c15:7f2;c13:6f2;c14:6f3;c14:8f3;c14:9f3;c14:10f3;c14:11f0;c13:9f2; I'd try to test if your muscles are actually fatigued, or if your brain just thinks that they are. Also I'd try to test my self in sleep lab to establish if there are any abnormalities in your patterns of sleep. If muscles are ok, and sleep is ok then I'd try to verify if neurotransmitters in the brain are normal. After that I'd try to do brain biopsy to see if neurons are looking normal. Also you can just take 5mg of melatonin at 21:30 and half an hour later turn off the lights and go to bed. You'll wake up early in the morning refreshed. After 3 days of such therapy you turn from owl into lark. First day may be a bit awkward but effect stabilizes fast. You may stop taking pills after some time but if you do be super careful not to stay up late because if you do you will turn into an owl again equally fast. Falling asleep after taking melatonin in interesting feeling. Your breath slows down and it gets shallower. It seems that there are some symptoms of genuinely falling asleep but not all of them. Probably because serotonin mentioned in the article is still high (or something). Funny thing that you don't feel drugged. You feel just physical symptoms of falling asleep not the mental ones. You can easily overcome pill you took and perform any task at almost unhampered performance. Even pull all-nighter despite the pill. But if you go to sleep half an hour after the pill you will fall asleep. 520$ buys you 7 year supply of every day melatonin Here taking melatonin is listed as one of the tips how to improve your short term memory: http://www.progressivehealth.com/short-term-memory.asp And here are some google answer from 2007 listing researches on possible adverse effects of melatonin: http://answers.google.com/answers/threadview?id=284734 First I was taking 5mg. I did not notice any signs of resistance building up, but I felt it was a bit strong for me. Now I'm taking 3mg which is barely enough. With such a small dose moving my day to fit social norms takes up to one week. > Actually, I think the idea is that males have higher variance on a variety of attributes, due to higher expected utility, in an evolutionary sense, from trying high-risk, high-reward strategies (standard disclaimer: do not anthropomorphize evolution, do not equate evolutionary goals with conscious goals). I think if anything it can be attributed to lower evolutionary obligation of males rather than to higher expected utility. Breeding for males is fairly easy so you can have a kid even if your IQ is 60. Child of woman of such low IQ would have much higher probability of dying. Also males having single X chromosome have higher variability in traits influenced by genes on X chromosome as the defect of some gene of X chromosome won't be alleviated by correct gene at the other X (because there is no other X in males). Personally I don't care if all Einsteins and Newtons will be male but since more and more scientific discovery rely on joint venture of tens or hundreds of scientists I really think that you should not pass up on opportunity to encourage half of the population to go into science just because there might be some relevant skewing in right tail of distribution. I think MS dropped the ball with Excel similar way as it did with IE. Users of Excel see its great potential and its intuitive interface and use it for things that builders of this product have not anticipated. What's wrong here is that builders do not follow users and don't try to improve their product to better fit what the users are using it for. Excel should turn into actual database many years ago. Personally I'd like to see Excel migrate in this direction: http://dabbledb.com/demo/#play ln(e^(2πi)) is not 2πi http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=ln(e^(2%CF%80i) ) It's similar mistake to claiming that sqrt(square(-2)) is -2 Does anyone know "moneybookers" horror stories? I think this service is unencumbered with overprotective US consumer rights. Are you sure that he was doing that? I didn't read through whole thing day by day but on day 1 he uses his food money to purchase non food items because they give him coupons worth more than what he had to pay for them in cash: http://www.grocerycouponguide.com/articles/eating-well-on-1-... On one hand it's not the most economical use of your time if you can sell the time you spend on doing this. On the other hand if you can save 5$ by sacrificing one minute you can get pretty decent hourly rate on your effort. Also this guy seems to be having a lot of fun gaming 'the system' and blogging about it. I like talks by scientists who talk about their jobs. This one is especially captivating for me: http://www.ted.com/talks/rebecca_saxe_how_brains_make_moral_... I also like answers to questions after this talk. Why companies even care about what their shareholders think? It's not like they gonna show up with their shares and ask for their money back. Only things that I can think of is that members of the board might care because they can be sacked by shareholders, also company might want to pat shareholders on their heads because it is planning to sell more of its stock to gather some more free cash and wants it to be as much as possible. I don't think you can sack google founders and I don't think google cares about money from selling shares anymore, so why anyone at google should care about what shareholders think? I think that's the trouble with the intellectual property rights today. You feel happy and thrilled that someone used something yours in something good, but you are afraid that you are sucker for feeling that because course of action that is touted as moral and right is to sue their asses. I think experiences are highly overrated. What I've seen, done or felt quickly gets pale and fades into the background. For me nothing can replace learning new interesting things and understanding new interesting concepts. No. Just learning and understanding. It happens mostly inside my head when I'm in front of a book, sheet of paper or a computer. Such interaction could hardly be called experience. Not for me. I can jump into something I understood at any point of my "education" and find my way around it with pleasure. I can relive in my mind photos made by somebody else accompanied by a story. I feel that history is just one of possible fictions. The fact that it actually happened (even to me personally) poses little significance to me. Physics on the other hand is something real, very distinct and intrinsically interesting. ... so live it, be present in it, forget it, make up a story about it, tell the story many times to same people ... I think it's also proven that you loose things that you understand and/or care about much slower than others. About rewriting memories... You do not only fill the blanks in your memories. Your brain also fills the blanks in what you are looking at, the exact moment you are looking at it. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vBPG_OBgTWg > These man-made radiation belts eventually crippled one-third of all satellites in low earth orbit. > Wilmot Hess reported in 1968 that some Starfish electrons remained for five years I guess that came unexpected. I think "please pay me for the sheet music so my kids won't starve" argument is much better than "pay me because it's immoral not to pay me and you'll go to jail" Begging better reflects position in which technology puts artists today. It is same situation that was throughout all history but last hundred years. You quickly get used to good things so now people think that they are morally entitled to being paid for what they created. As a programmer who had bad experiences with salespeople it's hard for me to say this but creating stuff does not bring money, selling does, and selling became much harder if the only thing you know how to sell is service of providing copy of some (your) work and value of such service to your potential consumer thanks to recent developments dropped to zero. Too bad our galaxy occludes most part of the picture. I'd like to see that image distorted in a way that better exposes how sky looks when looking directly up and down from galaxy plane. In my country (at least in case of computer software) it may lead to 5 years of jail time. > First, how would this energy be liberated, Hopefully some other way than just by taking it out of diamond anvil. If not than this is much less interesting although at least of some interest. > and would that be more energy than it takes to run a diamond anvil cell? Do you want to get more energy than you put in? Did you thought this through? > Second, isn't this similar to making a gun that shoots bullets faster than ever before, and calling that "second only to light-speed?" I think if this material can hold more chemical energy per unit mass than any known conventional explosive material then it's something worth noticing. > Now in the end, we might look at Onoda as a fool and worse, a murder of innocent people. In the end, he was both of those things, there is no denying it. Funny thing is that at war time being idiot murderer of innocent people is just fine. I think there should be much more footage from war zones. Maybe then people would stop looking at war as sane and sometimes appropriate option. > His new album is his 27th release and may be distributed via Warner Brothers in the US – but there will be no downloads available in the world. No legal downloads. > Whereas if you start trading derivatives, you can lose a million dollars (as much as you want, really) in the blink of an eye. > ... > Investing bypasses those alarms. You're not spending the money; you're just moving it from one asset to another. Which is why people trying to sell you expensive things say "it's an investment." "Investing" in derivatives is like buying million dollars in lottery tickets. Same way you could "invest" in forex or short do stock trading daily. You are not investing while doing those things. You just happily buy risk who someone with more wit and better ways of estimating it is selling. If I were to say how fortunes are lost I'd point to gambling. And, yes, gambling includes "investing" in risky things you actually know about no more than the person who is selling them. And I'm talking about actual knowledge, not about your gut feeling and things you think you know better. I'm just curious. Do you have any example of country (region?) that had a real option of waging war against its enemy but chose to surrender and got worse then it would get if it choose to wage war? (by any reasonable prediction, of course) > honorable war fighting One part of me gets it how war can be honorable. Thoughts about protection, bravery, planning, cunning, destruction of evil enemy. On the other hand I think that this thoughts are cultural imprintment reinforcing primal instincts embedded by evolutionary means in times way before industrial age. Concept of honorable war in our heads is with such contradiction with any serious war fought with modern equipment that I feel that it's one of these things that made sense in early days of humanity, like seeing danger in dark barely visible shapes, but unlike those harmless artifacts when mixed with modern technology our glitch that makes us think that war can be sane misguides us into doing really harmful and dangerous things. I'm sure that you can somehow differentiate between investing in government bonds and "investing" in forex. Maybe there is no sharp distinction between one and the other but I think there is a spectrum of actions between investing and gambling. When you surrender then your losses should be usually lower then of that when you loose. Otherwise there would be no point in surrendering. I'm guessing that surrendering early might often lead to much less damage than attempting to wage a war against serious opponent. Ok. So we are almost 100 years from the last significant reduction of work burden on humanity. How many times industrial technology has doubled its efficiency since then? Why Americans still work as much as then (or even more)? Where the benefits of having better industrial technology went? Is your daily life that much better than life in 1926? Does cost of any advanced piece of equipment that you use now in your life that did not exist back then justifies all of your effort multiplied by our incredible technology that seems to be be missing? Did you grandfathers actually told you that they worked like dogs and were poor? I think a lot of people don't share your story and don't play with data for fun all day. Instead they still put 40 hours/week plus unpaid overtime into a job they hate that makes them unpleasantly tired. Ok, so income tripled from 15 to 45. How about purchasing power of that income? How much housing could you buy for that income back then an now? How many children could you raise back then and now for that income? How does tripling even compare to increase in efficiency of industrial and agricultural production? "Losing farm" is impossible now? I'm not asking you questions. I'm sharing my questions with you. If you don't want answers to those questions then don't seek them. I'm extremely annoyed about how there is no native datatypes for HTML and SQL and they are just plain strings and are allowed freely to be created from strings glued together with any arbitrary data without any default escaping what leads to SQL injections and XSS attacks. Oh wait. That's true for (almost?) all languages that are used to writing webapps. Actually PHP arrays are ordered dictionaries. Python got standard implementation of this kind of collection type just recently. This 'Frankensteinian mix' is the most versatile collection type I have seen so far and I attribute large part of PHP success to having this as first choice when in need to keep collection of elements. You can build vector, list, stack, tree, map without even knowing what those are just confronting what abilities you require with what PHP arrays can do. Can we just declare this law as unenforcible and make it void? I'm not sure. This would be first real number there. Unless you count the DRM costs in. Try St. John's Wort. This http://www.informationisbeautiful.net/play/snake-oil-supplem... indicates that it's provably effective against mild depression. I had a suicidal ideation when I was young but I realized that no matter how worthless I feel dying is the most dumbest, useless, worthless thing I can do. The ultimate loss. Ultimate fail. And no one would care so theres no epic in this. Also it would hurt only my mom who is the person I am most reluctant to hurt. Plus even if I don't see any future for myself I am extremely curious what will future bring to the world. Of course maybe I didn't actually learned anything and it's just my mind chemistry changing due to growing up. Bananas contain magnesium. Magnesium is supposed to reinforce your mental strength. Most antistress pills you can get without prescription have it. Too bad they tested iPhone 4 while wearing their rubber lab gloves. Funny how movies there show that iPhone loses bars after gently holding by the base but you have to grab HTC Droid Eris really high and squeeze it like mad to get the bars down. tl;dr GPU dies because connectors between chip and the board fracture because of thermal stress due to some poor engineering choices on NVIDIA side. Owners of mis-designed chips (used in many dell, hp, apple) laptops can somewhat alleviate the damage by resoldering connectors by reheating the board in the baking oven (sic!) or using blow-dryer or heat-gun. Isn't there some kind of law that citizens have right to record public servant on duty? In Poland you can record policeman on duty (provided that he does not work under cover at the time). Also police cannot routinely record you during for example being pulled over to check your driving licence. That said practice is that policemen routinely record citizens on such occasions and try to make life miserable for the people who record them by even arresting them on false pretenses. Ouch. I came to stackoverflow from search engine multiple times while searching for solutions to my problems. I was pleasantly surprised how fast I could find question that was asked and after confirming that the asker has similar problem to mine how fast I could browse through responses. Also I could get to know reservations other user had to responses (stated in comments to those responses). I shouldn't probably be surprised by my amazement because the thing that recurrently cropped up in my search result in old days was experts-exchange. After multiple visits I finally got curious what is that site that helps me so often and I clicked link in the orange banner on the top that drew my attention. Up to this moment the only parts of the page that I've noticed were, questions, answers, comments and banner on the top. After I registered and answered few questions I picked tags that interest me. They are visible on the right. Tags are for answerers not for askers. Tags visible to unregistered users are just cool unimportant bonus info similar to pageviews and they are placed in the bottom right when nobody even looks if he's not bored and exploring. There are maybe some features that are not necessary, and some missing but what is important for me, no unnecessary feature ever got in my face while using this site. As for the proposed redesign I think it's horrible. You can barely see votes and up/downvote buttons that are very important for this site to work. If people can't find them and hit them less often more bad answers would be mixed with good ones. User info is in prominent place and it is almost of no importance ~8k rep guy can give you bad answer. Votes on answer matter, not the rep of answerer. Also insane spacing around it immediately kills aesthetics of the whole design it might have possessed. I rarely see something that awful outside of works of beginner designers (and yes, also developers). Putting main menu in the right top corner where are all the things that you don't usually care about until you want to search for something or log in is a bad idea. But I don't use this main menu all that much so probably it wouldn't hurt too much. ... Besides if you see input box in the top right corner what do you expect it to be? A spot where you can place your pizza order? Even if that box was empty as long as it looked as input box I'd have thought that this is serchbox and when I put some stuff there and hit enter site will be searched for occurrences of it. Questions are just barely discernible from answers. Stackoverflow does this better but I'm not sure why. Maybe with spacing? Maybe by not discouraging you from reading it by putting it somewhere in the middle of gray background? Only thing I think might be good in the redesign is exposing "Ask a Question". But I think SO does almost as good by surrounding this option with plenty of whitespace. As a footnote: Don't try to redesign how thing looks until you understand what it does. "By developers for developers" sometimes works. I have a much simpler idea that does not provide so much functionality but it prevents sql injections. We should have datatype for SQL, and special literal for it. Functions that execute queries should take only parameters of type SQL (never strings). There should be almost no way to construct SQL from string. There should be 'formatting' operator that allows you to put values in SQL and it should do default escaping on them. As for XSS attack I'd suggest HTML datatype with its own literals. Output functions should only accept HTML (not strings). Similarly there should be almost no way to convert string (or any value) to HTML without escaping it. I too found registering with open id confusing. I actually searched around the web how my openid url should look like and pasted it in input box. It didn't occur to me that Google logo below might be a button that will do that for me. By developers for developers does not always work. In my opinion it mostly fails when it comes to IDEs (with some notable exceptions). 100 operations is really small sample for something that happens once in a 100. If you have chance 1/100 of death then with sample 100 you have to have 0 or 1 deaths to fit in 60% but with sample 200 you can have 0,1,2,3 deaths to still fit. It's just 60% is harsh limit for small samples. There should be some lower limit on sample size you have to gather for given probability before you start judging. Either that or threshold should depend on sample size and probability, but limiting sample size might be easier to understand for general public. > 12.5 kilotons TNT / (6 years + 9 months) -> horsepower At first I thought that this is some peculiar quality of bizarre american unit system that energy released by kiloton of TNT divided by one month equals power of one horse. As opposed to usual joules, seconds and watts. Amazing how fast you can do "back of the envelope" calculations with such tool empowered by default with unit conversions. Depends on whether 2000 ml in the study was measured assuming STP. I guess it should have been. > one array type that doubles as a list and a dictionary. Dictionary keys are iterated in their original order. Retort: Python 2.7 and 3.1 finally has standard ordered dictionary type (OrderedDict from collections) with basically same functionality. >> the ternary operator/statement (... ? ... : ...) > Retort: Python 2.5 has conditional expressions http://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0308/ looks more like a hack than a feature You are right. I misread this PEP. Sorry. Watch these videos and understand them: http://www.khanacademy.org/ You can start at as basic level as you like. Expose yourself to lost of proofs of simple theorems. Try to reconstruct proof after single reading (with understanding why steps follow one another). After a while you will see how information flows within a proof. Basically expose yourself to a lot of math proofs and be sure that you understand why every element of each single proof has to be where it is. Can't they just stop improving it and keep it running? It's not like they need to save their server resources. Actually "keystroke by keystroke" is one think I'd gladly tossed out of wave and what they wrote seemed humble to me and I got a very positive feeling. Unfortunately what they have is a closed tool so it's something completely different. I hope that he's not gonna jinx it like few of his earlier predictions. > Intuitively it is obvious, but why is the relative reasoning incorrect? Because in the reasoning symbol A is used to denote "expected value of a random variable representing the amount in the envelope you picked" but later on "expected value of a random variable representing the amount in the envelope you picked provided that you picked envelope with more money" and "expected value of a random variable representing the amount in the envelope you picked provided that you picked envelope with less money". Error comes from splitting reasoning for two cases and failing to factor in the condition on which you split in your further calculation of the cases. If you solve some equation and you have to split your reasoning in two (or more) cases, the while reasoning those cases you have to remember the condition that you assumed for given case and factor it in (possibly toss away some solutions). I'd like to see some day less one dimensional way of writing down mathematic reasoning so one can see how information flows through through the course of a proof and errors like this would show up more easily. Ad.1 If in the reasoning A is a fixed number then you can't assume that you have 1/2 probability that the other envelope contains more money. Probability depends on distribution and if you don't know the distribution it cannot be calculated. Fact that it cannot be calculated does not entitle you to assuming its 1/2. If you have problem with that imagine stack of cards. You and your opponent pick one card. Whoever picks higher card wins. Until you see your card you have 1/2 probability of winning. But after you see you just picked 3 you see your probability of winning sharply changes (depending on what cards are left in the stack). Ad.2 When you don't open your envelope you must treat amount in it (A) as random variable. Then all I wrote in post above applies. It doesn't matter that you did not looked into an envelope. Because whether you got higher or lower amount is significant and you don't know which occurred you must split your reasoning and consider both cases. But upon splitting you must remember that condition you assume for each given branch of your reasoning must be taken into account. You can do this by pruning your random variable A with the appropriate condition and that influences its expected value. So by all means you can sum up expected values but not before appropriately adjusting them with the conditions you assumed for branches of your reasoning. Consider solving equation x^2 + yx +1 = 0 While solving your may split you reasoning to three cases depending on whether y^2-4 is larger, smaller or equal to zero (even though you don't know what is the value of y). But when summing up solution you must remember that you assumed something about y in your branches so for the x you've found y can no longer be any real number. Samsung Galaxy i9000 currently best smartphone on the market. 4 inch super amoled display. 16 GB of built in storage. Supports up to 32GB micro SD. Also runs on android so you are safe from Steve craziness and Steve tax (unlocked costs half of iPhone 4 16GB). Most powerful GPU. Runs Quake 3 like a charm: http://www.tgdaily.com/mobility-features/50507-galaxy-s-thra... Let's denote expected value of money in envelope I picked with A. If I want to switch I have to consider two cases. Let's label them e1 and e2. e1 means I picked envelope with smaller amount of money. e2 means I picked envelope with larger amount of money. Probability of each case is 1/2. What is the expected value of money I'll have after switch? Let's consider first case: S(e1) = 2 * A(e1) which mens two times the amount of money I had PROVIDED THAT I PICKED ENVELOPE WITH LESS MONEY. A(e1) is not equal A If I denote exact amount of dollars in envelope with less money by X then A = 1/2 * X + 1/2 * 2 * X = 3/2 * X but A(e1) = X Similarly considering case e2 I get expected value of money after switch equal S(e2) = 1/2 * A(e2) which means half of the amount of money I had PROVIDED THAT I PICKED ENVELOPE WITH MORE MONEY. Again A(e2) is not equal A but 2 * X, if you prefer not to use X then A(e1) = 2/3 * A and A(e2) = 4/3 * A To sum up probability of each case is 1/2 so S that I use to donate expected value of money I could have after switch is equal to: S = 1/2 * 2 * X + 1/2 * 1/2 * 2 * X = 3/2 * X = A or if you want without using X S = 1/2 * 2 * 2/3 * A + 1/2 * 1/2 * 4/3 * A = A So there is no gain or loss from switching. You can switch zero or more times without changing expected value of money you will get after opening your envelope. Similar reasoning can be conducted for any amount of envelopes and any probability distribution and I guess it will to same conclusion. I'm not sure if observable symmetry of situation can be taken as proof of this conjecture but I sincerely hope so. Paradox comes from using same symbol A to denote three different expected values of random variables which I denote above as A, A(e1) and A(e2) If you have further doubts about above "relative" reasoning I'll gladly try to clear them up. > Because, you know, no Scandinavian women ever kill themselves at double the rate of Americans. Is that true? All women or only mothers? This would be a strange bias. General suicide rates are not that much different? What reasoning leads to claim that E[Y/X] = 1.25 ? It can't be the reasoning from wikipedia about two envelopes problem because it has error in steps 4 and 5 so results in step 7 and further are nonsensical. I painstakingly shown how this reasoning should look like to be right and that in fact E[Y/X] = E[Y] / E[X] = 1 They have your number so you can tell them to include it in their sms when they are sending it to you. Or better yet their own number. Your spamfilter might let such messages through. Or at least name or something. Anyway you they have to provide some details about themselves in sms so you can know who contacts you. Thinking further voicebot to filter out call spam also would be nice. ;-) That was my first thought but I checked suicide rates by country and they are not much different between Sweden, Canada and US. Now I noticed that there's list of suicide rates by country and gender here http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Suicide_rates There seems to be higher rate of suicides in females in northern countries but they are much less likely to commit suicide than males. Suicides in males seem to be correlated more with economic situation that latitude. Assumption made in article that suicide rates are correlated with how much child care is provided by the state seems unfounded. > Kids don't smoke because a camel in sunglasses tells them to. They smoke for the same reasons adults do, because it's an enjoyable activity that relieves anxiety and depression. He totally lost me here. Workers are replaced in industry by machines and computers http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1157018 and they move to services. Services are funny things. If I clean up your place for 1 mln dollars and you cut my hair for 1 mln dollars then we raised GDP by 2 mln. As technology progresses economy becomes more and more detached from reality. People manufacture insanely advanced items almost for free and produce most complex intellectual property literally for free and money more and more represents just back-rubbing and gambling. It might be extremely healthy for economy. Market works because consumers make thoughtful decisions. Poor people have to put much thought in their purchases. Increasing money available to poor people without making them feel rich increases market ability to prefer more efficient producers and service providers. Of course curbing commercials a bit to allow people to make less brainwashed decisions also would be good for market. You also need safeguards in place so companies in search of greater efficiency won't release harmful products. > I'm assuming that if I pick random PhDs and hot dog vendors, I will get a higher average IQ from my random PhDs. Are my PhDs strictly greater in IQ than my hot dog sellers? Maybe, maybe not. But will, say, 99% of my PhDs have a higher IQ? I'd bet on that number or something like it. Are PhDs dominated by technical types? Can you have PhD in arts or post modern philosophy? Does that require high IQ? > No, they were not. There were a few geniuses back then, the ones we still read and write books about. All few tens of thousands of them out of billions. But the average was vastly below the modern-day. Not everyone could write a book back then. Not every book from back then survived. You can't tell how many ancient Ramanujans left no trace. Ingenious concepts of later ages often cropped up multiple times centuries earlier only to be dismissed and forgotten. That said you are spot on environmental factors. Here http://www.ted.com/talks/esther_duflo_social_experiments_to_... it is said that thing as simple as deworming might increase very significantly children spend on learning and training their intellectual capacities. That's something smoker might say to rationalize his/her choice when he/she had any choice to make. Nicotine only alleviates anxiety caused by lack of nicotine. Instead starting smoking she could withhold her pee to feel greater relief when she finally pees. It would be just as much help in coping with life stress as cigarettes are. Lack of support for this claim in that NY article is not proof for it's falseness. Author in his rebuttal also did not show that suicide rates of women correlate with their happiness nor that their average happiness of all woman in the country has anything to do with amount of child care provided free if charge. I think it's far worse because he claims that more people help you with your burdens the less happy you are which seems paradoxical and tries to found this claim with suicide rates which seem to have some apparent correlation with how much sunlight individuals get. I personally know young mother who gives her 3 year old daughter all her awake time and I find it hard to believe how she could not benefit from easing up getting child care for her. 24 hours in a day is for one person just barely enough to take care of the kid. You need other peoples help and I don't see how making it easier could lead to lower happiness let alone increasing suicide rates. No hits. My two bullets: ## You stated earlier that evolutionary theory is essentially true. However, you have now claimed that it is foolish to believe in God without certain, irrevocable proof that she exists. The problem is that there is no certain proof that evolutionary theory is true - even though there is overwhelming evidence that it is true. So it seems that you require certain, irrevocable proof for God's existence, but accept evolutionary theory without certain proof. So You've got a choice: (a) Bite a bullet and claim that a higher standard of proof is required for belief in God than for belief in evolution. (b) Take a hit, conceding that there is a contradiction in your responses. You chose to bite the bullet. ## You've just bitten a bullet! In saying that God has the freedom and power to do that which is logically impossible (like creating square circles), you are saying that any discussion of God and ultimate reality cannot be constrained by basic principles of rationality. This would seem to make rational discourse about God impossible. If rational discourse about God is impossible, there is nothing rational we can say about God and nothing rational we can say to support our belief or disbelief in God. To reject rational constraints on religious discourse in this fashion requires accepting that religious convictions, including your religious convictions, are beyond any debate or rational discussion. This is to bite a bullet. I read some time ago about tribe which members are extremely generous, friendly and selfless. In research turned out that this tribe had in the past many violent neighbors so close cooperation of tribe members was absolutely necessary for survival. Tough environmental factors probably lead to increased cooperation as well. > In this case the change intended was to that of a higher or lower social class than the individual perceived he normally belonged to. The researchers then asked participants to indicate what percentage of a person’s income should be spent on charitable donations. They found that both real lower-class participants and those temporarily induced to rank themselves as lower class felt that a greater share of a person’s salary should be used to support charity. Perhaps this paragraph can plug first few of your perceived holes. You can learn about IP protection in different countries here: http://www.ted.com/talks/lang/eng/johanna_blakley_lessons_fr... >> I’m not thinking the way I used to think. I feel it most strongly when I’m reading. I used to find it easy to immerse myself in a book or a lengthy article. [...] Now my concentration starts to drift after a page or two. I get fidgety, lose the thread, begin looking for something else to do. I feel as though I’m always dragging my wayward brain back to the text. The deep reading that used to come naturally has become a struggle. > The author is Nicholas Carr. According to Wikipedia Mr Carr was both in 1959 and thus is now 51. Like me, Mr Carr is aging, unlike me Mr Carr seems to be blaming changes in the operation of his mind on the Internet. I'm 31 and I feel same change in how my mind works when confronted with a book as Nicolas Carr does. I can't blame aging and I've spent most of my time for last few years reading the internet so there might be something to it. It might not necessarily be bad. I was always impatient with books that had low ideas/wordcount quotient. I couldn't force myself to read Hobbit and I fell asleep on Bladerunner at the same time immensly enjoying short stories by Henry Kuttner. I think that internet just brought down my tolerance to level I never expeirenced before. I can't even imagine what would happen to my brain if I fed myself with TV or The Times at the same rate as I'm feeding myself with internet. Hey. It's business not accademia. When giving a task you have to be prepared that not all of your requirements will be met. Great so there are different kinds of people. You prefer slower pace, I need more ideas per absorbed data unit to keep being interested. My expeiriences with computers started probably more or less as early as yours (although I can't with clear concience call them business) but It's not about computers. It's about internet content. I was always impatient but I see my impatience significantly grown over the last few years as I read internet blogs and sites like digg, HN and similar. I reached the point when I can start reading Terry's Pratchett new book, stop after few pages and forget it for weeks or months. Maybe you don't spend as much time reading internet as I do (I really can't imagine how could I read more of it) or it has less (or no) effect on you but that doesn't change the probability of such correlation occur at least for some people. > The design of the brain is in the genome. Given how much computation takes to "decompress" information about what a protein is built of into 3d layout of that protein (vide folding@home), statement that you could "decode" half of the genome into working simulated system is bold to say the least. Trouble with simulating human 1 to 1 is not with how complex human itself is but with how complex, bizzare and computationally powerful is physical hardware on which program "be human" runs. > A house and senate that behave like toddlers (complete with screaming matches, name calling, and taking their ball home) This is not US specific. When I was in high-school I dismissed politics as politicians behaved like little children from my point of view. In some countries there are even childish physical fights between politicians in house (probably not senate). In countries outside of the US there is also trend of children leaving the nest later that before. This is especially notable in Italy and Japan for what I know. Personally I correlate this mostly with pricing of housing that is essential and limited resource. Housing is hoarded by capital owners in purpose to lend it to people who have not amassed enough capital (yet). Because of that price of housing raises uncontrollably to the point where almost no young people can afford not only buying a house but even renting one. In Japan when you start renting a flat you are obliged to give owner customary 'gift' that is worth two years of rent. Because keeping house empty is small cost for owner it's better to keep it empty than sell it at lower price. This prevents prices from dropping even when there's no demand at high price. Prices of rent follow prices of houses. Of course all of that is just my uneducated guess. 100$ per party baloon? That's pretty expensive. Maybe it would be good strategy to buy pressurized canisters with helium, stash them under your home and your kids or grandkids could sell it and become pretty wealthy. I wonder why you got downvoted. That's probably what people who influenced decision about selling US helium reserves are doing right now. > [...] It is true that the information in the genome goes through a complex route to create a brain, but the information in the genome constrains the amount of information in the brain [...] This is false. Genotype-phenotype is not general purpose compression algorithm so there is no limit. You could theoretically compress all information about the universe in single bit. Algorithm for that would be: If you see one then you should return full information about universe and if zero then you should throw exception: "Error in input data." Not every phenotype can be compressed to genotype. There is no DNA for animal on 17 wheels or for a cheese-cake. It is more similar to fractal compression or procedural generation where huge (even infinite) amount of data can be "compressed" into simple rule. If simple math can do something like that then complex machine of physical interactions can do much more. Folding is easy in comparison with precisely simulating protein interactions that make cell work. I think we have only satellite view on that and are largely unaware of many emergent elusive but necessary phenomenons that occur in that network of interactions. Also if you think about protein folding like about calling library functions don't expect sane interface and clear separation of abstraction layers there or in any other place. It rarely happens with intelligent designers. Evolution used every dirty hack in every place it could. Everything is so heavily interlocked that I think we will be able simulate living organism right after programmers will become obsolete. Do you know how fast it usually leaks? Presence of mass [1] shapes space time so that standing still and moving undisturbed looks like traveling over conic curves. [1] also presence of energy and movement of mass and energy I believe speed of light in vacuum is invariant because universe has maximum speed and light can't go faster. If it wasn't invariant then in some cases it would have to. Then again why universe has speed limit? Does it have anything to do with causality? > And why does the mass curve spacetime? Because that's exactly what means to be a mass. You can't call something a mass if it does not curve spacetime. > “There is no wrong way to hold it” As opposed to some other Apple products. Imagine how would you order a human to build you window with a table view, etc. If human would not know what style of window do you want then he would ask or assume something and allowed for your comments. "Programming" humans is much more conversational. Your workers know what to assume and when to ask. Also naming is not something that people usually do when they tell what they want to have. "Put new button in the window." I have only one window, why should I name it window1. When I will have second window I'll probably refer to this window as the first one, and to the other as second one, or other one, or the blue one. Or if everything fails I'll point it with my finger. Programming will always be hard because deciding on what you want is hard. People can't do it at first and they need conversation to understand what they can and cannot have and decide what they want. http://www.worldlingo.com/ma/enwiki/en/The_Market_for_Lemons... Probably in this case it would be enough to require inclusion of quotient between exclusive and total space in all advertisements and agreements. There should be some bounds on advertisement. Can commercial lie about facts? Can it promote alcohol? Can it promote medication without obligatory warning? That's probably just a wish of seed manufacturer. See "seed piracy". If I can put debian on my phone then I guess I could also put crapware free android if I wished. Also probably there is some method of uninstalling crapware without reinstalling whole system and eventually people will find out what it is. >> How did this growth start? In his book “The Enlightened Economy,” Joel Mokyr of Northwestern University argues that the crucial change happened in people’s minds. Or you could just say that they invented and started using steam engine that removed the cap on physical work output of any given population. They just needed to dig some coal, so they did. Rest is history. This is amusing: http://translationparty.com/#7966687 So basically what is the message in this article? "Avoid lonely people." Pervertedly ironic. Amazing. And is that legal? In my country there is limit on how high interest rates can get. Maximum credit interest rate is ... 20%. Of course loan sharks are circumventing this rule in every way they can by requiring from you to buy additional services and insurances. What's evil in payday loans? High interest rates. If Google was offering payday loans at 5% annual interest rate how would that be evil? No profit for Google from such loan? How doing unprofitable things was any trouble for Google? I think no credit at all might be better alternative in many cases. Taking credit with interest rate 2500% is rarely thought trough, free, conscientious market decision. If you don't have money this month how can you be sure that you will have such money, plus insane interest rate, next month? > If you want to cross inter-stellar space in any kind of reasonable time - O(human lifetime) - you need to go faster. Or you can just make people stop dying after this unreasonable short 80 years. Let's suppose there is a lot of water. Can you imagine weather at terminator with incredible winds blowing from hot side to cold side and back closer to surface and evaporating oceans on hot side that constantly rain down on the cold side of the planet? First order of business for any life that might arise there is to NOT catch the wind and NOT get in the flow. Piezoelectric tendrils gathering energy from ever flowing water. I like that. If the book contains no ideas next month I hardly can remember about what it was. If author of the book actually bothered to put some ideas in then I remember those ideas and usually the book in which I encountered them for many years. vide Iain M. Banks "Use of weapons", Orson Scott Cars "Ender's Game", Vernor Vinge "Fire upon the deep" or Henry Kuttner novels, Terry Pratchett "Nation" If you don't remember the books you've read then change the books you are reading to some that have actual content not just crafty words. Read about earned income tax credit. I think your tax might go below zero and you can get refund even if you have zero income. > ... Americans having the world’s highest worker productivity. Is that valid? Here I can see something different http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:OECD_Productivity_levels_2... Although there probably is some measure of worker productivity that US ranks best. That http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Right_turn_on_red is the source of almost all dangerous situations I had on the roads as pedestrian. The one single time when cause was different that I can remember was when somebody drove in one way street in wrong direction and I was crossing the road assuming that this was impossible. Turning off and on GPS i configuration helps. Yay like windows! I'd call it lack of belief in success and lack of belief in value of success even if it is achieved. > likelihood of searching for a new job increased This is a good thing for the job market. There might be some companies that have some better use for those employees if they want to pay them more. And if there is no such companies then dissatisfaction from pay might be impulse to improve ones skills. Don't look for a job. Look for task that someone wants to pay to be done. Do it. Get cash. Repeat with increased cash per unit of work until you will be able to pay other people to do some tasks. If your search space is almost unbounded then you are almost surely stuck in some local optimum. This is necessary but not sufficient. I use facebook but I still don't get what is the point of using it. I don't know exactly what is that but I read it with pleasure constantly switching from understanding it as irony on tech side and then on business side. Author of this post is almost surely techie but probably bit tired of people totally downplaying business side. What makes you think that it came from mind of MBA? Apart from the fact that unknown author of this piece said he is MBA? So basically you can kill source of income of any website (and probably the site itself) by clicking its ads and not buying anything. Don't tell 4chan. Or anyone with access to botnet. I heard that this actually works. I've seen this advice over the internet: If your account is suspended just open another one. You have much higher probability of using it that getting the original working again. Why Google just doesn't lower value of his clicks accordingly instead of closing his account? This all or nothing, good or bad approach doesn't seem to fit grayness of reality. If you are leveling in real life sometimes you wake up and see emptiness of this all. Sure, what you achieved in life provides comfort for your body but body is relatively easy to comfort if mind is happy. If you are playing game all the time there is not much time you have to be "awake" and you may even never be fully "awake" to notice and appreciate your handicapped life. People can have handicapped life even when they don't play games. They just stay for years in the same place despite their apparent efforts. You picked home ownership and you pick food according to your income. If you fail at your job you will starve and loose your home because you entangled your burdens with your paycheck. Perhaps his friend choses food and roof far cheaper then he could afford in order to have more time to spend freely not on paying for those. So it is preferable to participate in real life instead of game because it is uglier? No game in my life was nearly as addictive as reading HN (or digg before that, or watching news on tv before that). Games in my life reach at most level of wikipedia reading. 12 hours grind once in two months and casual use now and then. WoW ? if I wanted to do chores all day, I'd get a job. Then last sentence of my comment does not apply to him. Just me. :-) Why not just accept that is pointless after becoming aware of it but just stay for the ride? In the old days we had killfile. Why can't we PLONK content sources like authors or sites by handles like nicks or domain names? There should be some standard protocol for that. Httplonk. Now they can bot-click your adsense ads to cause google to ban you. If you are ad sponsored this effectively puts you out of business. If something bad happens to you that you can't forget or forgive go to chats and tell your story to anonymous people over and over as many times as necessary until you get eventually bored with it. It may take a year or more. You will be then less likely to tell it to yourself again in your head. This argument is invalid because it should hold also for PHP and there's no shortage of awsome PHP programmers. There are additional causes why it's hard to find great Perl programmers. First bacteria that figures out how to stick to this will have nice place to live and develop, plenty of human associated food and no competition. Maybe they are Feeling Lucky ? I'd much prefer there was one place to go when you need to buy something. One directory where companies would place their announcements about their products services with full descriptions and current prices and cathegorize it in all ways possible. Directory would be diligently moderated and flaws of the system that could give some people unfair advantage would be fixed daily. It almost already happened for used goods. If you want to buy used good you go to ebay. If you want to sell used good you adertise it on ebay. At leas one person ditched Starcraft II he waited for for years an plays minecraft instead. Minecraft is in competition against AAA games and it seems that it sometimes wins. Don't you hate when your theoretical phisicist, mathematician, molecular biologist and rocket engineer friends do that. Why not? I mean, you don't go to elite college to learn stuff anyway. > "Meaning is the feeling that we're a part of something bigger than ourselves. It's the belief that our actions matter beyond our own individual lives." But no, actually, that's not what meaning is at all. Meaning is when those feelings and beliefs refer to something that is true. How do you know if feelings associated with meaning refer to something true? Is the meaning of life effort, of mother who singlehandedly raises two children who will live mediocre lives and die childless, really true or she just thinks it is? Is the meaning of the sacrifice of a soldier at war true? Or just some people think it is while he is actually just meat for the grinder? > also noticed that horizontal movement will strobe much sooner in 3D than it does in 2D. Can we please ditch 24 fps for the movies? It's not 3d that strobes. It's crappy fps. 3D just makes it noticeable because we never learned to ignore it like in normal movies. I know it gives you that popcorn old school real movie theater feeling, but it just sucks for anyone who had experience with higher FPS (which slowly becomes almost everybody). When I first watched 3d movie few years ago I was strongly annoyed about how my experience was ruined by poor technical quality. When I watched Avatar the IMAX got upgraded so it was much better and because I was immersed in the movie I didn't mind, but low frame-rate was still noticeable. Can movie directors finally decide to shoot movies in higher FPS or they are still afraid that higher frame-rate will make their move have VHS feel not cinema theater feel? I've seen a high FPS movie in cinema once. It was amazing. And it was small crappy amateurish cinema and short independent movie. That makes me think that there are other more important causes than just technological limitations of commonly used cinema equipment. Great. Next joint course: Operating Heavy Machinery and Scrapbooking. Philosophy is what you do when you don't know something and don't know how to actually discover anything about it but you are not wise enough to let it go and find something you could actually discover something about. Math and cs can be researched because hypothesis in math and cs can be shown to be wrong. Can you point one theory that was ruled out to be wrong thanks to philosophy? If you can't then how can you find philosophy and (any) research similar? Our wealth has grown exponentially in recent decades but poor people still work 9 to 5 or more. Wealth is manufactured by machines not people. Some generation has to close the gap between how wealthy society is and how much average member of society has to work for same basic needs. You can't make basic necessities cost always nearly same amount of work because that work thanks to technology is producing more and more wealth. You can't keep prices of meals to be higher than recent technological wonder. Someone at some point will call bullshit on that. "My sandwich is not worth same amount of wealth as 4GB flash thumb drive. They just want me to pay this much for sandwich to keep me working because I need sandwich. I'll just pass on working, buy cheapest food and see how this works out. They don't seem to want me in their companies anyway." This unemployed generation can be the first one to take advantage of wealth humans get from technology en masse without need to cunningly trick everyone else out of their share. They'll get their share just by being more or less human dead weight that rich won't be able to shake off because they can't kill them or even let them die because there's for the first time too many of them. You just need to program as good as I talk bullshit. I think I've heard something along those lines in my professional expeirience. anything is linear if you use a log-log scale and a thick marker pen I fail to see anything dramatic in this particular story. He an his wife are happy. They don't reproach or regret. They feel honest about themselves. You manufacture your product and you intentionally damage part of the volume to sell it cheaper only to make the price of other part of the volume justifiable. If that's not sign of pathology of free market than I don't know what is. Imagine you are kid and the other kid approaches you with mug you really like: - Take a look at this wonderful mug with Mickey Mouse. It's worth 20$ - I'd love to buy that but I only have 5$ - Would you pay 50$ for it if the mug didn't have handle? - Yes I need a mug, but handle is so convenient... - I can take 5$ (as he breaks of the mug handle) Could you really buy this thing and not feel like he spat in your face? It's not about market it's about psychology of human exchange. Someone destroys value with no purpose other than better conning his peers. How could that not infuriate specimen of social species? Too late to edit s/50/5/ You just have to ignore some rules. 24fps must die. When they'll start making movies that gamer can watch without this feeling that he is sitting in front of too old machine? I've seen high resolution, high fps movie in cinema and it was so amazing that I remember it after many years despite the fact that it was about usual day of some old couple. > A well-designed game has rules simple enough for everyone to follow without arguments, keeps everyone engaged to the end, and encourages positive rather than negative social interaction. Such games exist. Could anyone name a few? Do it. Seriously. I want to see that meme. When I was going to the gym (old school) three times a week I couldn't do a single pull up. Once I quit in two weeks or so I could do my usual slack ass five pull ups. Funny thing is that I still could only do 10-20 pushups but they were effortless, completely different then at the time I was slacking. You don't feel fit if you can run 5k but you struggle to move a fridge or feel strain while lifting up you kid or your woman. I think feeling fit is about effortlessly dealing with physical things you usually have to deal with in your life. "My car broke. No problem. I'll just run 5 miles to work." situation does not occur very often. Do you feel fit because you can effortlessly deal with few flights of stairs and 20 minute walk daily? How old are you? I go out of my house about once a week and I can do that. I don't think running 5km is necessary to achieve it since maximum distance I ran in my life was 1km and after that I was spitting my lungs for longer time than I actually ran. From your description I guess that you've been working out for mass not for strength. I can believe you feel unfit after that. Especially since you were lighter some time ago. I can totally relate to how air quality influences all outdoor sports. You can read it here: http://meyerweb.com/eric/comment/chech.html You can execute loop in your head just by reading it line by line. Token by token. With other solutions you need to know other things to determine what goes inside and believe it is actually what you want it to be. Loops ar flat, explicit and versatile. I think that is the reason behind their popularity. To understand loop you just need to know in which order to execute its parts. And you see how it reduces, maps an filters your data. You don't need to keep stack in your head. To understand how functional constructs work you have to know a lot more because they are specialised and it's not that easy to track what they exactly do because of recursion. You have to know them and trust them. With loop all internal logic is linear and in plain sight. Minimum wage is important because it prevents businesses that are so inefficient that can't even produce enough value to provide their employees with such a low payment. Not every business is good. Business that can't pay minimum wage is just wasting people time. That time might be better utilized by some better thought out business. If you don't agree state your opinion instead of downvoting. So generally you can plant a hidden camera operated remotely in some attractive item, like a laptop (hey! there's already one!), wait for the victim to take the bait ("steal" your laptop) and after that you can record whatever you wish without anyone pressing against you any wiretapping charges? Even camera don't have to be started remotely. Hey, my camera is always rolling and sending stream to remote server. That's my laptop and that's how I'm using it. Enjoying lolicon will turn you into child rapist like enjoying FPS turned me into ruthless murder. You have to be biologically screwed in the head to rape children or kill people for pleasure. I don't know why people create an impression that average Joe could enjoy 8 year old kid if given a chance. I wasn't drawing any analogy. I just wondered if this kind of invigilation is legal. I know thief started the camera and I'm not acusing Mark of planting laptop or wiretapping. I'm just curious if it's legal to spy on people using the scenario I described. I hope not because that would imply that way more people is so biologically screwed in the head than I'd like to believe. I think it's just because children are so precious that people get all irrational and panicked. Awww. I was going to pick seven but I thought it's too meaningfull so I changed it to first meningless number that came to my mind. Namely 4. "Science thanks you" made me smile. So I got something back. It's pretty much the same in Poland. http://wulffmorgenthaler.com/strip/2009/09/15/ It changes slightly now with younger people and wealth but still after comming back to Poland after few months in Italy I was amazed how gray it was here. How washed up were colours of peoples clothes and how they matched their facial expressions. Being in public space in Poland seems to be about blending into neutral grayness not broadcasting yourself into the public space in best possible light. Probably we inherited this from years of communism when being noticed could get you in trouble and from years of transition to capitalism when displaing your well being could get you robbed. Does orthogonal mean opposite or unrelated (not bound, free from connection) when non mathematicians use this word? I have a maze drawn at this A4 sheet of paper. How long it will take you to get out of this maze? After using Samsung Galaxy S for few months and recently playing with my friends iPhone I was under impression that I'm holding a brick. I also played with iPad 2 at the store recently and concluded that I really don't have strong enough writsts to own it. "Money for valuable effort" - world does not work like that. World is built of cash pipes and 99% people just tap into them (salary) or builds their own thin pipes (lifestyle business?). 1% of clever people from time to time manages to build new fat pipe but who and when it's almost due to sheer luck. Experience and smarts don't help you win the lottery, they just buy you a ticket. When you work for yourself you make an attempt at building new pipe but all you can usually do is build thin pipe and even if you are draining 100% of it it's still less than what you could get if you just tapped to someone else's fat pipe, even if your work doesn't do anything to make the pipe fatter or even harms it. It's most apparent for people in financial sector but I believe it's true for everybody. That's why most people have salary and try to build something own after hours. This way they are getting a shot at building own cash pipe while still not passing on opportunity at draining someone else's fat pipe. Oh and it's much easier to widen already fat pipe that to build your own as fat as the amount of the widening. That's probably the answer to your question. Do you know how to find out how much given person (in Sweden, Finland or Norway) earned last year? Or is a SEO Wouldn't kill to show nice histogram of the pool. Norway: http://skattelister.no/ Take a 5 mg of melatonine at 21:30 and after thirty minutes turn off the lights and the computer, lay down in bed and close your eyes. After few days of such treatment you'll be more morning person than you've ever been. Don't try to stop taking melatonine unless you are very strong willed (which you are probably not). You may want to reduce the dose to 1 mg and 3 mg if you notice it's enough. Check how many khash/s do you process and use this calculator http://www.alloscomp.com/bitcoin/calculator.php to estimate how long you'll have to wait to get bitcoins with 95% probability. I currently have 150 000 khash/s on Radeon HD 6850 And I'm hoping to see 50 bitcoins per two months (I don't run my computer 24/7). Six core AMD 1090T does only 9 000 khash/s so with two cores of laptop you'll see your first mined bitcoin exactly 5 seconds after hell freezes over. ;-) Can someone give me a good reason why Google should care what Wall Street guys think and how much they value casino chips that Google gave them to play with? Can you break into trivial steps the problem of how to break problems into trivial steps? I also sleep shorter after melatonine, but I feel more awaken then after more sleep without melatonine. Of course that's only after week or two of taking melatonine. First few days when your body clock adjusts might be rough. I don't miss so much all the things of today as all the things of tomorrow that I will never see the glimpse of. It saddens me whenever I think about this for a moment. Only hope is that humanity achieves singularity before I die which is in my opinion not likely. The actual theory occurs in the middle of article. I was seriously exhausted of digging through long journalist effor to show how "rad" it is. To spare you the digging: > The alternative theory holds that the origins of altruism and teamwork have nothing to do with kinship or the degree of relatedness between individuals. The key, Wilson said, is the group: Under certain circumstances, groups of cooperators can out-compete groups of non-cooperators, thereby ensuring that their genes — including the ones that predispose them to cooperation — are handed down to future generations. I'm still not sure why this idea is dismissed because I don't see any false statement or inconsistency in it and it seems to lead to apparent altruism. I came up with this idea myself when I was trying to grasp how to connect evolution with altruism between obviously unrelated individuals. When I was 17 or so. So I don't think it's new or cunning. I'd like to know why this is stupid. Was the altruism between unrelated individuals never actually observed? Does not cooperative behavior give competitive advantage to groups and individuals? There are free riders and they are in balance with altruism. I saw footage when some squirrels (or monkeys) ware picking up something tasty out of the shallow water. They had to be careful because there might have been predators in the water. If individual spotted predator they yelled and whole pack ran to the trees. But occasionally weaker individuals yelled even when there was no predator to drive away stronger individuals to get some food himself. So they altruistically warned each other but there was free-rider in who occasionally abused the altruistic system for personal gain. He couldn't do that too much because other individuals would notice and kick his butt. So altruism and free-riding in nature can be in balance and still give obvious advantage in cooperation. It would be nice to build an evolutionary simulation in which cooperation is beneficial, but cooperation between related individuals are essentially forbidden by the physics of the environment and see if the cooperation genes still arise and prevail. I think those two theories might be considered as two factors promoting altruism and their should be tested in (unrealistic) simulations to find out how powerful they are in causing altruism. Realistic, natural scenarios are not good for spotting significance of multiple factors. As with the bike, natural realistic bike just does not fall, and why is that is left for discussion, but when somebody builds a bike that nullifies some probable cause then it can be plainly seen that other factors also might have significant role. Maybe whole reason for the altruism is to create opportunity for future occasional free-riding for an individual. There are many examples in human society when someone shown and loudly encouraged altruism just to free-ride on others where nobody was looking carefully. I think he talks about just adjusting timezones to match. Did he give any rationale for his request? High-heel is not social pit you can't crawl out because of possible peer ostracism. Most of the movement men were conditoned to perceive as womanly comes from simple mechanical attempts of a female trying not to fall of the high heels. To quit that, all woman would have to pass on advantage of using fairly easy way to tap into male conditioning for at least one generation. Single word. Cameras. To behave amoraly you'd have to assume that cameras aren't rolling or conceal your identity acknoledging openly that you are a thief which most of regular people are not comfortable with. I had idea that antimatter might repel normal matter many years ago but I thought it was already conclusively experimentally tested because such test should be easy enough. Just cool down some antiprotons with lasers and see if they fall towards earth or in the opposite direcion. Haven't anyone done this so far? Salary has nothing to do with work. Getting and keeping high salary is all about luck and cunning. Your work does not have to be extremely useful or valuable. I don't know where this idea that world is fair comes from. US seem like horrible country to work in. You are expected to donate unpaid overtime to your company, you can be fired on a whim. What else? It's a funny thing when secret rules you have never agreed to and are not the part of the law get you fired despite you complete honesty and openness. It has very totalitaristic look&feel when you have to be careful all the time so you always obey unknown rules, breaking of which might lead to severe consequences. He was fired for talking to other employees (he secretly not supposed to) and acquiring gear and permision to film some of them and actually doing it (what he secretly not supposed to) but mainly about being honest and transparent about reasons for his curiosity. You are right. He must have been a retard and as such he wasn't fit to do any job for Google contractor. I guess that I'm not that sensitive to racial issues as I was born and raised in all white country, to see more than just curiosity about what yellow badgers do why they are mostly people of color and why they don't have perks and why people generally don't know them. I also fail to see how him being perceived as argumentative and condescending makes him unfit for the job. I used "retard" as a synonym for "having the quality of stupidity" perhaps incorectly. I apologize. I'm not sure about being entrepreneur in US. Once I saw blog where someone listed costs of incorporating. Amount you should set aside for health insurance sent chills down my spine. Also more or less obligatory (if you are sane) usage of legal advice for any contract and such seems like a huge burden usually not present in other countries. Does any one know any p2p open messaging system that could scale up to size of skype? Does LastPass know my passwords? If so, why it needs to know my passwords? I thought that my passwords are encrypted on my computer with master password known only to me, but same master password leaves my computer every time I log in to LastPass site via their website. Could someone point me to where it is detailed how they manage without knowing my password or where it is explained why they need to know it?