Agreed. We should be paid much more for building these apps that transfer so much wealth to investors. As far as I can tell the folks who do the actual work of making software companies money receive far too small a share of the proceeds. Bernie's fans aren't liberals in the sense of the word as describes Democrats who are "liberal" (please see: "New Democrats", "Democratic Leadership Council"). Possibly. Also, due to the nature of trading, they may have been wiped out in this hypothetical "reverse all trades" scenario before they were in reality. For example, they could have had one potent stochastic windfall early in their career that, had it gone the other way, would have wiped them out. The workers ("staffed") in the FDA are (mostly, probably) people who want to help but the bureaucrats in charge are part of the political system (e.g. lobbyists, political insiders, etc.). I think you're conflating the workers of the FDA with the people who, ultimately, guide it and make decisions. This isn't to say the leadership of the FDA is compromised by or somehow beholden to "Big Pharma" or some such. I certainly wouldn't disagree that we need rigorous demonstrations of efficacy and safety for medicines and devices, but I question in what manner and capacity the FDA is actually structured to pursue that end. Surely you're exaggerating. You can create a toy program or even a very basic (most likely web-based application) that solves some problem in a weekend, but there really are very few lucrative companies or ideas that can be accurately "tried out" in a single weekend. If these companies are "seed" stage companies, then I'd argue it isn't that any bar has been raised, but that "seed" has come to mean something entirely different. Any company that has $800k MRR is (well) past seed-stage. What users want is the same thing consumers of products have wanted forever: to pay the least and get the most they can. The whole "free with in-app purchases" model was driven by users' unwillingness to pay for apps. So in some sense this nickel-and-dime thing is a self-inflicted wound. On the other hand, (we) developers ought to be smart enough to figure out how to handle that. Have you heard of the term/phrase "bro science" with respect to weight lifting? I'd draw an analogy between them. Clarification: what I mean is there is a lot of ad-hoc stuff in these blogs that may be narrowly true or applicable to a given project or subset of a domain, but generally there is either significant evidence against some of these blogs' contents or the contents themselves have absolutely no formal, rigorous support. I'm not entirely in agreement. Use of object-oriented programming paradigms here would merely distribute the logic that is necessary to achieve the desired mapping over multiple points in the code. The example function presented is only marginally too complicated. I'd split it in two: one to obtain the book list given the same arguments as the example function, and one taking the result as its only argument to build the mapping. I find myself shying away from rigorous adherence to encapsulation more and more these days. I prefer small functions that operate on data explicitly. Edit: and I'm a bit confused how the example has anything to do with "JSON-driven development", other than the coincidence that a hash/dictionary is the core data structure being manipulated here. This example function could exist and be (mostly) reasonable had JSON never existed. I'd expect to see an argument that the JSON serialization schemes that abound are problematic, given the title. Sometimes many different values are related to each other and it is useful to keep them close together for explicitness (and other reasons). And better testability. Writing the code with the assumption that a key will change is on the same level with premature optimization, in my opinion. It might be reasonable to make the assumption for some keys. In these cases a function taking the data and key as arguments and returning the value is sufficient and appropriate. Frankly, if the code base is so littered with references to that specific data and key combination it might actually indicate a poor design. I don't have a GitHub (bitbucket, etc.) account, can't remember the last time I contributed to any open source project, and have very few hobby programs I work on outside of my job. Yet somehow I'm consistently rated very highly by my peers, to the point where I have significant influence on the technical direction of projects I work on. The reason I don't have hobby projects or dev social media accounts is this: by the time I get home, I have a spouse and two children who I have a life with outside of programming. I frankly don't have time to work on hobby programming outside of work to the level of sophistication that rises to the sort I'd feel comfortable showing in an interview. And picking some random toy project that does would quickly reveal how little I care about it. Edit for clarity: that said, I think this level of transparency is fantastic. I have nothing negative to say about it. I agree with the person you're responding to, mostly, in that not every developer (of any skill, including "rockstar", "10x" etc.) is compatible with every company. Filters like these help both parties make that determination before either wastes too much time, and I appreciate the transparency. I wish more companies were more honest about things like this. Of course, I've been on the interviewer side plenty, and have many times wished for more honesty in a candidate. It's possible, but it's much more likely that our society's embedded and implicit racism influenced her perception of the man. Laws still require enforcement. And from what I've seen California is a bit over-hyped in many ways, including how liberal/progressive it is, how hard it is to start and run a business, and how well it protects employees. This treats rights (legal) as though they were laws of nature. I have yet to see convincing data or argument supporting this notion. There is ample evidence from history that the legal construct called "rights" is in fact not absolute at all. In fact, all the data we have suggest that "rights" are in fact provided by the government. The mechanisms differ (e.g. the US's constitutional republic encodes government-defined rights in the Constitution and laws derived from it), but ultimately "rights" are something that people, in the forming of the government they live under, agree should exist. My experience is that startups uniformly pay less (significantly in some cases) than established companies. They also (warning: anecdata) fudge the pay schemes, doing thinks like counting a hiring bonus which can be clawed back as part of salary, or running a "stock options/equity" scam, etc. Controversial statement: the number of actual, honest-to-god "10x developers" that exist in specific, narrow domains or contexts is so small that using them as a standard of comparison in any context (including their domains) is complete nonsense, and the number relative to the entire population of developers is so small that one can do just spectacularly well acting as if such a creature doesn't even exist. I find it refreshing, as a near-40 year old who's been in the industry for over 10 years, that there is finally movement against the absurd notion that one must spend more than a couple of years at most (or all) their jobs in order to be taken seriously. There are two extremes. The one you point out leads to developers with lots of breadth and no depth. But the other is still the industry standard today: one that values depth in a particular (and possibly completely irrelevant outside of the company) domain. I hope we keep moving towards the middle of the two. No doubt. I've even encountered somebody who stomped his feet and said they weren't going to write test code for QA because that was beneath them. I think that's because the entire industry devalues both QA/testing and maintenance. Even in places that aren't the Valley these two roles are given a lower social status than other developer roles. The budgets and recognition for teams in both domains is typically much smaller than others, and QA especially is usually among the first on the chopping block during a retrenchment. We as a whole have made these roles seem less valuable and less values, so to me it's not surprising that folks don't want to do them. That a person is familiar with a framework doesn't guarantee they'll require significantly less learning for a company's particular project. In fact I'd argue that if one's use of a framework makes the learning curve so small, the project is probably not that complicated in the first place. That was an interesting read. I wish people in our industry were less hostile to the notion that luck plays a large role in determining success. Could you explain how that isn't circular? As I see it, opportunity is infrequently in one's control. Whether one can take advantage of it is less infrequent, but still often enough outside of one's control. The only thing about opportunity that isn't heavily influenced by luck is whether, having the means, one takes advantage of the opportunity. My point was that you're kind of defining luck as a form of opportunity, which is itself a product of chance. I think maybe you're just describing luck in different terms without altering what is meant by the concept. How is your explanation better? What studies and research support that? Yes, which is one reason why I think of the system in the US as being very much closer to a fascist system than many or most are comfortable contemplating. It's not like the federal and state governments dictate taxation and revenue (entirely), take their cut and leave the rest with local governments. Local governments can raise revenue with various kinds of taxes independently of rates and schedules at the Federal or State level. The real reason local governments typically lack resources for truly local needs is that the most vocal locals tend to be NIMBY typea and anti-tax types. I would also add a caution to constrain the scope of parallelism in the implementation to only those bits of code that actually benefit from it, and to be extra cautious when refactoring an existing serial implementation into a parallel algorithm. Plenty that you're missing: 1. At some point it's foreign money buying from other foreign owners who don't live there, and who use the proceeds to buy an even more costly money box/laundery 2. It reduces rental supply and prices out locals who then have to spend money on commuter expenses 3. Even if the above weren't true it's debatable how much of the purchase price actually flows into the local economy I want everyone to read and re-read your bit about data science and machine learning. Many times. I think even people in the software industry underestimate both how accurate and how difficult it is to employ statistics to produce something truly meaningful. My current job is on a data science team. I find it amusing that the business folks are able to sell our product, and then sigh to myself and do a little crying inside when I realize how it's possible. In the US there is a not small number of employers who take a very negative view of moonlighting. This is true in every industry, and in knowledge work industries like software it is compounded by a fear of IP theft. So whether it should be their business or not doesn't matter: they'll make it their business. Salary transparency is different from tax and income transparency, though. I agree that salary information should be more public. I'm not so sure individual income or other tax information should be. Depends on what you mean by experience. I'm skeptical, to say the least. No doubt there are 29 year olds who have been "coding" for 20 years and being paid for it for 13 of them. That's different from having experience. True, but companies don't care about those things, really, even in the supposedly developer-centric Bay Area. Just browse through any jobs thread or board, even (especially) the "Who's Hiring" HN thread. You're going to see a lot of "We're looking for an X developer" or "we're looking for a developer with Y years of experience in Stack X." Employers, even supposedly knowledgeable tech centric ones, routinely think the learning curve for a new stack or language is so great that they just can't risk even screening someone without specific experience. Not true outside of the Valley and other niche fields, like finance, and even in those places it isn't that often that folks retire early. The average salaries for developers tend to be higher across the board, but not "retire by 40 or even 50" higher. You represent the other extreme with your comment. Very few software projects have more than two or three years of "experience fertility," for the kind of experience you mean. There's a difference between someone who can't even last a year to get a project from prototype to some semblance of maturity and someone who wants to move on after one to two years when a project reaches the point at which maintenance overtakes new development. What's the difference between somebody who works on four different projects over 8 years for company X and somebody who works on four different projects for four different companies over the same period, in this context? It's unfortunate and also a terrible business model. In those cases it's clear the business isn't mature or ready enough to actually hire human beings, in my opinion. Not that I'd agree with their conclusion about who they need to hire anyway. There isn't an experienced developer out there who can't pick up the frameworks and languages (exceptions exist of course, e.g. for quirky languages like brainfuck or paradigm shifts like procedural to functional) these CRUD-by-other-names shops use within a week, and if their business is that close to failure without developer help they can't afford to be picky. No it's not. I see lots of Teslas around here but far more BMWs, followed closely by Audi and Mercedes. I see Priuses everywhere. And outside of the valley Teslas are very rare by comparison with any other brand. I spent the second half of my childhood there. Haven't been back since. I'll note that quantity is different from density (e.g. per capita) of ownership. And your point is? Possibly, if it were large enough scale to truly impact the supply of labor at a sufficiently lower price point to matter. There are a variety of remote work arrangements: 1) local employees who have employers with liberal work-from-home policies (they're "remote" when they don't commute in), 2) employees who are always remote, but still in-state (located in the same state as the employer), 3) employees who are always remote but still domestic (located in the US), 4) employees who are always remote and located internationally. The first two kinds of remote employee don't incur (much) additional cost to the employer. The third kind can incur non-trivial additional costs in the management of payroll (state income taxes, labor/unemployment fund requirements, etc.), especially if done at any scale. Larger companies can do this because they are already established in multiple states, but smaller ones tend to impose restrictions on where remote workers can live and even whether they're permitted to move to a new state and still remain employed. The last kind is a whole other ball of wax--it has the same tax and payroll management problems of the third kind, but additional complexity I'm sure. Then there is the additional overhead of managing remote teams. Having experienced being an "individual contributor" and coordinating with project management to manage remote teams I can assure you this is not a trivial thing and involves its own costs. So all these factors influence how much lower the salaries have to dip before they are worth it. Personally, I doubt remote work will impact salaries in this area much anytime soon. This is the most striking difference between software shops and, well, any other kind of engineering, this emphasis on "culture fit." There are lots of different components to culture. There is no rigor behind it, which is in contrast to the self-described emphasis on extreme logical rigor that the industry is allegedly built on. Why is there such an emphasis on "culture fit" in the software industry? This, too. Most startup compensation packages seem to be 20% (or more) below market rate + lottery tickets. For US workers that may very well run afoul of labor and tax laws (and in fact almost certainly does). For foreign ones it depends on their laws. Could you elaborate on why you think that would be useful? It's not stateless, either, in the same way it's not serverless (that is, it's somebody else's state). There are security and other issues that are important to consider when sending traffic over a network, and I find that calling this sort of thing "serverless" or "stateless" a bit misleading. I have to say that having used Slack for clients' projects and as part of a few political campaign teams, the primary value add is the organization of meta-information (files) in the same client as the chat service. I'm not sure I'd ever pay for that kind of service. Also I've never clicked on a Ryver ad. I read the blog post linked here, and while I find some merit in the idea that competition must be contrasted and that we're wired to focus on conflict, the aggressiveness is off-putting. Actually I would find a desktop client more appealing. I'm not a fan of browsers-as-poorly-functioning-userlands-on-userlands that seems to be the modern fad. Seek jobs for which a PhD is a minimum requirement, or else leave the fact that you have a PhD out of your application materials if you're dead set on jobs without that requirement (and it's possible to do). I've seen some success in both cases. Also consider that you may have some confidence/arrogance issues of your own. Not to be accusatory, and certainly I'm projecting a bit here, but having left my academic life behind some years ago, when I look back on it I see a certain arrogance in the pride of having a PhD that I'm embarrassed by now. If you're running into these problems for jobs that do list PhD as the minimum requirement, you should consider it a strong signal that avoiding working there is a net positive for you. And if you think you have it rough, try getting jobs after having dropped out of a PhD program a few years into it. For some reason, at least in the sphere of my friends and associates, this signals "quitter" and "not as smart as a PhD person". I've interviewed such candidates and I'd say it's a mixed bag with respect to whether I've preferred them over PhD candidates I've interviewed for jobs, but almost uniformly I've had one or more colleagues raise the question of said candidates' ability and determination. People (employers and PhD holders alike, really) need to understand that having a PhD is a strong signal for exactly three things, in this order: a person's willingness and ability to tolerate a certain kind of experience in the very narrow context of academia, some minimum level of expertise in the field above the typical undergraduate degree holder, and some further expertise in a very narrow slice of the field above a typical Master's degree holder. Define "much faster." I am seriously trying to think of a developer I'd describe as competent and smart who could not pick up a new language or framework with sufficient understanding to be minimally productive (fixing minor to moderate bugs, contributing to new if simple features) inside a week or two. If that's not fast enough, something has gone terribly wrong planning the project. This is among the least important reasons to vote on the POTUS. Most SCOTUS cases are actually far more narrow in scope and impact than the ones you described. Aside from that, in this particular election there is no good reason to favor either major party candidate with respect to SCOTUS, if one's agenda is a progressive one. So the motivation to GOTV for them based on SCOTUS is isn't necessarily there. On the other hand Hillary seems to be keen on augmenting the government's spying activities, criminal enforcement, and foreign aggression. There is no good reason to think that Clinton's nominees will in aggregate be better. It might take thousands of work years to recreate Office from scratch and with an identical timeline but I categorically reject the notion that a clone from scratch without that historical constraint would take that long. Deliberately bad planning. Polling locations and times are determined by folks with a vested interest in choosing who votes for them, not in letting voters choose who holds office. > Credit reporting system works pretty well Citation needed. > (where government forced banks to ignore credit ratings) This is simply not true. The mortgage bubble burst when big investment and gambling/speculation institutions could no longer cover the shorts against mortgage bond derivatives and the incentive for packaging questionable mortgages into the underlyings disappeared. These mortgages weren't all (or even mostly) to poor people with no ability to pay, and the government didn't force anybody to do anything. These same banks paid ratings agencies to ignore the bad mortgages in these securities specifically so they could increase the volume of mortgage bond sales. So your example is actually one that shows that ratings agencies' products are not necessarily accurate (some might call them fraudulent, even). Is 10% a reasonable value for that chance? Is 1% a reasonable value for the ownership stake? What about dilution and payout rights? A reasonable expected value of a lottery ticket is directly computable: jackpot times probability of a winning set. I'm not so sure the same is true for the value of startup employment. The published jackpot is a very accurate value to use, and the probability of being the sole winner is a very reasonable probability to use. The actual expected value is not going to differ from that product by enough to matter most of the time. Skepticism is the best policy with things like this. It's easy for an anonymous person on the internet to make claims like this. Sounds a bit like UML+Rational, visual programming, and every other one size fits all panacea, to be honest. The whole notion of HTTP as an application data transport is terrible. We've hacked at it to create a great number of wonderful web based apps, but I can't help thinking there's a better way. Can't emphasize this enough. This kind of mistake is common in our industry, though. I wish more software developers understood that when they say "human resources" they aren't lying: we are resources, like paper, electricity, and IT infrastructure. We are not their "colleagues," they don't see us as "colleagues," and it is damn obvious we aren't treated like colleagues. No, gnome is "largely" powered by C, like the vast majority of other performant software out there. This whole thing just stinks of forcing the browser to be a (terrible, poorly functioning, and inconsistent) abstraction over the OS. The browser/webapp model of application development is just awful. Yes, that is not just terrible it is embarrassing. That's amusing considering that the dilution and protection agreements they get for investing severely reduce or zero-out the value of most regular employees' stock anyway (except in the most successful of exits of course). Common user interface across any browser (platform) that supports it, you mean. Like any other language. >Machine learning is really starting to feel just like another trigger phrase. Yes, and its close cousin "data science" fits the same description, to me. They're quickly becoming what "the cloud" is: marketing jargon that doesn't provide useful information. Is that an accurate comparison? Gates was born into weatlh and a pre-existing social network. His company's success has a foundation of winning the genetic lottery. His company didn't spring into being without a history. He had access to educational and tutoring resources, specifically technology related resources, his entire life. I'd say it's very clear his parents' circumstances were a huge factor in his early successes, and arguably much more important than those successes were to later ones. Third party property management is generally done by a licensed real estate agent or their proxy where allowed. I am not allowed to provide property management services for my neighbor's house unless I'm licensed to do so. This is yet another area where Airbnb seems to be skirting close to breaking the rules. Those lobbies make it hard for anybody who isn't licensed to do provide any services related to real estate. I didn't see the part about piloting this in Japan, partly because I'm on my phone and the linked article has a terrible layout on my browser. I don't know what laws govern this sort of thing there, so my comment about skirting the law doesn't necessarily apply there. "Millions?" How do you figure? Gates was born well into the top 1%. Tens or hundreds of thousands is more accurate. Luck isn't the deciding factor, especially in what endeavors to pursue, but it is a prominent factor in the success of those endeavors. That wasn't quite my point. I do agree that "data science" is just marketing jargon for "statistics" (and definitely disagree that it's the same as labeling "programmer" as "software engineer", the way another person commented in response to you), but I don't think any and every programmer can "do data science". What you describe with respect to data scientists needing help is what I'd call "data engineering." A data science person who is supposed to be doing production-facing engineering should be a competent enough data engineer that he or she can extract information from the data stores without having to have outside help most of the time, but strictly speaking, in my view, these are two different kinds of development. There are already legal structures in place in every state in the US that define in excruciating detail the modalities of multi-owner real property. Many of these are used as vehicles to pass wealth on to heirs tax free and engage in a variety of other living arrangements (condominiums). All this seems to me to be is a sophisticated company attempting to pass off as new and innovative to the unsophisticated public something that already exists. That "grit" is entirely within an academic context and does not necessarily translate outside of that context. It's also debatable whether a PhD absolutely implies an above average IQ (or even whether that is a meaningful trait). As for correlation with success, I wonder if you could elaborate? What measures "success"? What studies are you referring to? What confounding issues (if any) are accounted for? The new C standards are okay. I am not a fan of the quasi-generics spec and implementations. If C had a robust generics specification it would be just fantastic. Most of my personal C++ code looks like C with some generic implementations via templates where applicable, because I find it easier to reason about and quite sufficient for most use cases. The gray area is where an owner engages in serial short term rentals in an attempt to hide the fact that they are basically renting out their property. Airbnb itself has tried to blur whether these guys fall under hospitality rules or not. I have nothing other than my personal experience and observations of fellow degree holders. I mostly agree with respect to the fluidity argument, but I think that's different from my point. I've seen PhD holders lack the grit to see a project filled with non-academic tedium through, for example. I've been there myself, even. There are two common schemes: one that combines vacation and sick leave in "Paid Time Off" ("PTO") banks and one that tracks them separately. It is almost uniformly the case for programmers outside the Bay Area to work for companies with one or the other (usually the former). This is one reason why I think it's funny when developers mistakenly think of their managers and higher as "colleagues." Software developers are much closer to blue collar workers than white collar workers from a social status perspective. The difference between the housing market in the Bay and almost anywhere else is an extreme caricature of your analogy, though. At some point all analogies fail to provide an adequate description, but yours fails almost out of the gate here, in my opinion. I don't about "exclusive" but the very first time a "data structures and algorithms" question ever appeared in an interview I had was in the Bay Area, after having spent 10+ years on the east coast. Prior to that interviews focused almost exclusively on design patterns (not just OO, but general architecture), project experience, and language specific questions where appropriate. I've been here a while now so I have no idea what the interview culture outside the Bay Area is like anymore. This area has a high density of people who conflate academic computer science with software engineering, or who think the latter is some easily learned demi-skill to be looked down on, etc. Some counterpoints: 1. There are a number of reasons one might choose C++ that aren't related to low-level performance in almost any application. For a particular web application it may or may not be a good choice, but I wouldn't categorically reject it, even for a class project or assignment web app. 2. Any language or suite of them has whole categories of errors, deficiencies in tooling and other issues that can make it suitable or not in the hands of a given team. C++ has more or fewer of these than other languages depending on the context. 3. This seems to be hurling a pretty broad insult at many C++ developers, and "good" requires context. Have you considered the possibility instead that JSON is not an appropriate serialization protocol or storage mechanism for the problem to be solved? Or that it isn't being used effectively/correctly (that is, it isn't being parsed correctly, e.g. with a library or some other mechanism that makes checking underlying types less cumbersome)? I noted in a comment downstream from here that plenty of C and C++ JSON libraries offer very easy parsing (e.g. "json_get_int(element, key)") that fails early. I almost don't even think about JSON twice if I have to use it as a data format in a C++ program I'm working on. It's just another library to link against and use almost effortlessly. Doesn't Java, or this Salesforce implementation of it, have something similar? Furthermore every dynamic language I've used has had tooling spring up, e.g. in the form of linters, that includes at least some basic checking for type mismatch where possible. I'm not so sure static typing leads to problems. It isn't problem free--no programming language or paradigm is--but I do think the lack of it leads to some problems that are easily avoided without too much extra overhead. I haven't used Java in a long time, so I don't what the library ecosystem for JSON is, but with both C and C++ there are plenty of parsers that make type casting and working with JSON data about as easy as in python. The difference is usually that the type of the underlying data one is interested in working with is explicit and, when the JSON data is malformed is caught earlier (at cast, as opposed to later, when trying to, e.g. add a string to an int in sane languages that break when that happens). The real world being dynamic has almost literally nothing to do with this issue. The concepts are completely unrelated. Although I'd agree that I find development with dynamically typed languages a bit more chaotic than static or strongly typed ones. And not necessarily in a fun, good way, either. Doesn't that defeat the purpose of any privacy settings they have? I've found ZeroMQ to be an immensely useful and powerful library for certain kinds of distributed queueing applications. It's just a library, not an entire application or web framework to drop practically pre-dictated code into. Also what "c++ concepts" does it enforce and how? And why is that a bad thing? Go is mainstream? In what universe? These are mainstream languages today: C, C++, Java, PHP, Ruby, Python, JavaScript, and C#. The vast majority of all applications written today are written using one of those languages. Go barely registers inside the Bay Area bubble, and far less outside of it. If a "Python paradox" even is a thing, Go would certainly be a candidate. I think the "Python paradox" is a silly concept, though. Quoting Politifact isn't a rebuttal. Also, "quid pro quo" as used by politicians who peddle their influence is basically unprovable. It's a great standard for them to make mainstream, but unfortunately fails to accurately describe all the ways influence peddling and bribery schemes work. That is the exact opposite of the truth. Depends on the perspective. I've had family who rolled their eyes when I'd tell them about seeing homeless people just walk up to trees and start pissing or drop their trousers and shit in trash cans, by bushes, on the sidewalk, etc. Invariably the ones who visit marvel at my relatively tame descriptions afterward. I'm sure the homeless find it quite a positive that they can relieve themselves without much interference, while I find it a net negative. I spend 33% more than that on just my rent (small, attached townhouse) and my commute to the city is an hour all together. So, yeah, $32k per homeless person seems stingy. This is definitely a very soft introduction for beginners to both Python and programming in my opinion. I didn't go past the first two exercise groups. I would omit the remarks at the beginning about 2 vs. 3 compatibility. Not only is it wrong as an absolute, it doesn't add value to the tutorials. The audience this is appropriate for is unlikely to care or even understand. Simply link directly to the Python 3 version to download. All the complaints about salaries are dismaying. Why not consider that plenty of other places seriously undercompensate engineers instead of trying to cut this organization's pay structure down? Yes what is and, according to the parent what should be, diverge. What this really tells me is that workers in Omaha and Phuket ought to demand more, and that they are selling themselves for far less than the value they create, or else that they aren't actually doing "the same job." Likely both are true. Most startups, including funded startups, seem to pay significantly lower than established tech companies in this area. My anecdotal experience certainly fits that. The last time I was job searching the highest offer I got from a startup was $130k plus a hiring bonus and laughable equity with poor benefits, while the young company (IPO within the previous four years) I accepted an offer from came in at well over 20% more than that all-in. I think startups undercompensate and more or less target lottery-equity chasers. Yep. The same phenomenon augmented by racism applies to certain demographic populations of the US with respect to minimum wage, welfare, etc. It's just completely irrational. That really depends on very much more than your skill as an engineer, and the ability to "present a business case for being paid like it" simply does not apply to the majority of employment negotiation scenarios--even ones involving the very best of the best engineers. Most, in fact almost all employers have fixed salary schedules for their positions and they simply will not deviate from these as a rule, nor will they entertain negotiation around them. It means exactly that it is so for almost all cases. There are always going to be exceptions, but those are just that: exceptions. There's a reason they're called "exceptions." Edit: the people who set compensation are very rarely the people that decide whether to hire you. The latter may communicate the salary HR dictates to them, but they almost never have negotiation power within their own employers' structure. I hadn't realized we were discussing R.R. Martin here. Perhaps it's some kind of homeomorphic encryption scheme. Hey it technically leaves the original message encrypted! Very true. I was just making a tongue-in-cheek conjecture about the justification/rationalization that might be employed. Yes, and the same reasoning would apply to folks suggesting that employers routinely are open to negotiation. On the other hand we have a plethora of anecdotal data (e.g. through Glassdoor and other self reporting places) and BLS salary data by region and classification ( https://www.bls.gov/oes/current/oessrcma.htm ). The means and medians in these data are quite close. It'd be nice to see upper and lower extremes, modes and other information to gauge the actual distribution, but it strikes me as an extraordinary to claim successfully negotiating higher-than-average wages is typical. So if your point wasn't that employers routinely deviate from their prescribed bands ("as a rule") why did you respond to my comment? What I see is an anonymous Internet Person bragging without context (for all I know your non-typical experience could have been with 99 developers who were seriously below average). The next thing they should be taught is that even if an existing serial implementation can be made more efficient using concurrency, that doesn't mean it should be. That should be followed quickly by teaching that concurrency should be implemented over the smallest possible surface of the code. This is highly subjective and very much depends on many variables, including what you mean by "systems programming" (more specifically: what level of the stack is your boundary for "system" versus "application"). There is a traditional boundary. System programming is programming at a lower level, code meant for consumption by other software, and never directly used by an end user, while application programming is meant for consumption directly by an end user. Think "game engine's network stack" versus "text editor (that isn't Emacs)". It's possible to work as a very junior system programmer with no prior programming experience. Everyone has to start somewhere. I've put such people to work doing everything from debugging problems with some data structure implementation to debugging thorny concurrency issues. Generally I take the view that a person is no longer junior when he has had sufficient experience that he can do more than bug fixing in more than one sub-domain of system programming. That wouldn't mean he or she is necessarily senior at that point. This very thing has occupied my day job for at least four months now. It happens when a pre-existing system one has to improve has lots of DB-heavy and compute-heavy operations commingled. Counterpoint: if the data strongly suggest a set of profiles are far more likely to be accepted it is perfectly rational to evaluate one's own profile first against that information in order to assess the effort required to overcome differences and evaluate the risk. I'm not at all surprised by this. A similar phenomenon exists in many other fields and areas of life. Those who have a solid financial support system are simply more likely to be able to commit themselves more deeply to whatever they focus on. This has been the case for centuries: the wealthy simply have always had more means to do more things. Is there anything about ripgrep that makes its performance uniquely fast? That is, is it not possible to achieve the same speed and correctness of results using, say, C or C++? If neither condition holds, then the use of Rust is almost purely incidental. It isn't even interesting, from that perspective. Far more interesting would be a measure of how safe the Rust code is versus equivalent-results implementations in other languages. Yes, that was my main point, re: safety. I've been implementing a BLAS with Rust (pure Rust--not FFI wrappers around C-wrappers around Fortan or other bindings) and it has been interesting to see where the C-programmer in me gets tripped up and how the performance compares. I don't know about that (as in I haven't looked so I literally don't know). First of all, provided the tools produce identical results for similarly-complex regex patterns I'm not sure having to support all POSIX regexes is necessary. Second of all my point was really that the performance achievement is not nearly as interesting as the level of rust-guaranteed safety found as compared with similar implementations in other ("unsafe") languages. African-America men are incarcerated at a much higher rate than white men. Does that mean black men are more likely than white men to commit crimes? The answer is no, because there are confounding issues I left out. This should sound familiar, you just did it yourself. That sort of certification is a practice that should be made illegal. I've just been bit by that when we transitioned my family from one earner's plan to the other. It created a pointless hastle for us and our care team. Insurers don't need to know if I have coverage through another insurer. Yes, almost 100% in agreement with you. My only quibble is that we take care to really know about who is running the various vote reform efforts and initiatives. The Democrats and Republicans will do whatever they can to get reform in name only under the guise of more choice. See California's "top two" primary system as an example of how one party more or less locks up exclusive access to the ballot in more cases than one should be comfortable with. If we aren't careful, vote "reform" efforts will look more like that than PR. "Comically" is certainly an exaggeration. But her corruption, a resume lighter than GWB's, and dishonesty that makes other politicians blush (some with envy, others with shame), etc. make her qualifications at best questionable. Neither candidate would be a candidate if we had a functioning democracy. Rust seems very much like modern C++. Borrowing, references and the like have nearly direct analogs to C++ references, unique_ptr and other STL constructs. Except the compiler enforces them with (my opinion) relatively more clear error messages most of the time and in some cases the syntax is actually clearer (others not necessarily). My biggest struggle so far is overcoming the differences in the implementation of generics. I have yet to "fight the borrow checker," but the generics implementation is something of a hurtle for me. Wow, things have changed since I took my SE electives (17-18 years ago). We had to write code and there were final projects that required the development of a non-trivial application. One that compiled and at least nominally worked. Granted I only took a course of about three electives at the sophomore and junior level, so maybe I missed the "fluff" in other levels. Camp 3: those of us who think "shove something, anything that 'works' out as fast as possible" is a recipe for disaster, irrespective of the transport format or service infrastructure. I suppose folks in this camp would overlap significantly with those in camp 2, though. Yep. "Move fast and break things" is immature and inappropriate for anything that purports to be reliable. It's fine for toys like social apps, but for serious actual grown-up applications it's a juvenile hindrance. Nonsense. libc? A microservice for every function call! Surely if you can wrap your head around a library you can wrap it around a thousand little microservices. (Snark exists in this comment.) I think the rust compiler's enforcement of borrowing and explicit mutability make writing non-trivial Rust code as complicated as writing the same program with code that has equivalent safety (which isn't enforced) in C++. The biggest issues I've seen lie at the safe/unsafe boundary. Things that are trivial to write without safety guarantees in C++ become more verbose (at least) in Rust. C is considerably less complex than either Rust or C++. I regularly have used more than one compiler (Borland, cc, early Microsoft, and one or two other proprietary ones for developing drivers for embedded optics controllers), programmed for more than one OS (Linux, a RTOS flavor of Linux, MS, Apple, AIX), and have seen my fair share of UB issues. What you're referring to (programs and behaviors) is not what I was referring to (language details). Hmmm, that's a fair point, since "which C" applies, but I think that's a deficiency in the standard and larger in scope than the point I intended. Bonuses for executives or bonuses for regular employees? Every bonus item in any employment package I've had has always been tied to the company's performance and my individual performance. I have never once worked anywhere with an automatic, performance-independent bonus, from tiny shops working as government contractors to large and well-known corporations. This is anecdotal, obviously, but I'm talking about myself and literally hundreds of thousands of other employees across all the organizations I've worked for. I am not denying such bonus structures exist in some places, but I'm skeptical that it's common or not considered an extreme aberration. Yes, and that premise is controversial at best. Nonsense. Relative to the value we provide, even average or mediocre developers are underpaid. "Everyone" else is, too, who isn't in upper management. So your bonus is linked to your performance. Yes. It's the hacker/CS version of clique-based exclusionist and bullying. A better writer for the HN audience or in general? They are not the same thing. Humans are beastly, violent primates with marginal cognitive advantages over our cousins. Empathy is learned. I don't know if a 12 year old is more likely to kill than a 30 year old, but the former certainly has had much less social normalization toward empathy than the older one, other things being equal. Also kids are easily guided to do just about anything. They're easily impressed and even the brightest lack the experience to temper their judgement of what is a good idea versus what isn't. Who do you think the media's audience is? Perhaps he should have said "most people" instead of what he did say. No, healthy people learn empathy, they aren't born being empathetic. They should learn it very early, and certainly should demonstrate some empathy by the time pre-K rolls around. 0MQ is fantastic. It's how I first found out about him, too. That library is an absolute pleasure to use. What about working for literally nothing? Like, say, open source? In fairness I haven't seen anyone make a serious comment like yours yet in this thread. Ugh, that's the last thing I want to see. I didn't start diving into Rust until very recently for two reasons: 1) the instability of the language and 2) the terrible, juvenile hatred for C and C++ that seems to almost be a pre-requisite for participation in the ecosystem. Rust until recently was an anti-C hipster's wet dream ("upstart"-y, not really yet ready for wide-spread use, and a convenient goto for folks wanting to have a bit of trendy "bash C (or C++)" fun. Both items have diminished considerably lately, though, and that's something I can appreciate. Their business model was 1. Grow, 2. Grow, 3. Grow, 4. ?, 5. Profit. It baffles me that they ever made it as far as going public. Its only avenues of monetization are advertisement and selling user data. What else could it charge for? Charging users a fee would kill it. Keeping the rights to something you're giving away for free is the definition of meaningless symbolism in this context. What if they charged you a fee, say a monthly or annual subscription? You act as though CS knowledge is some high priesthood of supreme mathematical reasoning insulated from the internet. As a matter of practical use, most of the time details about algorithms and data structures, from implementation through complexity analysis, can easily be regarded as "mere facts." Those times when this doesn't apply are times when somebody applying formal academic level CS is surely required, but these are far less frequent than most programming tasks require--even at Google. This is neat. I'm writing a very badly constructed toy application to get used to Rust, and some of the differences have been interesting to note. In this case, when I first encountered Rust's enums the first thing that came to mind is the fact that C and C++ both offer the ability to support tagged-unions, but certainly not as a first-class entity and definitely with a lot more cruft, with or without safety checks. For me the jury is still out on where the best "fit" for Rust is. I really appreciate the enforced safety of Rust for higher-level systems applications programming. I'm not convinced yet it won't just get in the way pointlessly for much lower level programming (especially embedded). Perhaps that's just my relative novice understanding of Rust, though. At some point the browser becomes an OS, eh? I can't stand Apple, and their reasons for poor treatment of web-apps are surely from pure greed as you note, but I can't help but not care in this case. The web-app development paradigm is terrible and can't die fast enough. I can write reliable code requiring less maintenance in C or C++. What you're engaging in is language zealotry. Rust isn't a panacea. Ah, I see now. Thank you for clarifying. Not that I agree entirely, mind, just that your initial comment was clarified. What rise? I'm almost never fascinated when folks mistake opinion for fact. It's the primary driver in many language wars, as I see it. Some come to recognize that no language is perfect, especially their favored one. Others don't. Now if only I didn't constantly see "insufficient bandwidth" on Amazon or apparently-throttled downloads and streaming of other data with my "Performance Pro" package I could start being more upset about the bandwidth cap and less about being charged ridiculous rates for paltry bandwidth. Even most of Google is flattering itself as far as that goes. It's less common outside the SV bubble area, as are the penis-measuring CS trivia and "puzzle" questions. Plumbers can do significantly better than software engineers even today. We are paid relatively poorly for the economic value the companies we work for receive from our labor. Django devs are cheap, too. He missed at least one: functions should be "small" and broken up for "testability." No, functions should perform one task and perform it well. Not every conditional test inside the function needs to be its own function and have its own unit test. Sometimes a function that does just one thing and one thing well has more than one step to do that thing, and those steps don't necessarily belong in their own functions. Testability and composability are important, but that has to be balanced against locality of reference and context. When I see a colleague write in a code review that pieces of a function should be factored out of a larger function "just in case they'll be reused" I step on it hard. This is related to "over generalization" but not exactly the same. His examples may have been skewed towards webdev, but I've seen all these things outside of that sphere (95% of my career has been systems and scientific programming). Well, I've never really used FP outside of hobby/toying around programming so I couldn't say. I'd say it applies to any programming paradigm, including OOP or non-OOP procedural programming. Sure, and it's great when a balance is struck. Too often, at least in my experience, the smaller chunks get shuffled out of the same file and into a nightmarish Rube Goldberg concoction in "utils" modules, packages and whatnot. I use primarily compiled C-like languages (C, C++ and Rust, specifically). I tend to put chunks of code that might be candidates for factoring out in their own scope block with a comment. Then, if the function really does become "too big" (for the very subjective measure that is), bits can be factored out on an as-needed basis. Well, when those small functions are a series of other functions it can hinder "reasonability" just as easily as help it. There's no one right way to do it, really. My objection is mainly toward a zealous adherence to some subjective principle here. There are legitimate reasons to not want to use C, but I find around here it's mainly reflexive hate and language zealotry. It's popular to hate on C (and C++) because the languages are so ubiquitous and long-used that a large body of terrible, unsecure, and poorly written code exists using them. Other languages haven't had the same success as these two yet, so haven't had their warts exposed enough to be dumped in the "automatically hated" category. Java comes close, but it also is typically lumped in the "automatically hate it" bucket and for similar reasons. Couldn't agree more. It does seem like one of those many things where the team itself should probably determine a happy middle ground and stick to it. Except for relatively uncomplicated, or relatively low level programs I have had the opposite experience. Um, JFK begs to differ. HRC is also a fascist dictator wannabe. The difference between them is more kind and less degree. Anybody who opposes Trump and not Hillary on the grounds of fascism is, to be charitable, being inconsistent. Fear of premature optimization, fear of pointers, and fear of how computers work in general, yes. Pointers should be used very sparingly, and much of the time in code I've seen they could have and should have been avoided. But it seems like we've come to some far extreme other side of that thought to the point where seeing a pointer instills an exaggerated fear of memory stomping, leaks, and a variety of other things. These are important concerns, but, like optimization, ought not make a person afraid of their use. Anybody who needs to do non-trivial programming at the systems level had better get over those fears and focus on learning how best to use the tools they need to, in my view. I have just a couple of points. First, please be careful with the "experts" broad brush. Not all, and possibly not most, experts will agree on many things. Moreover, actual experts will understand that there are pros and cons that are context dependent. I would hesitate to label as "expert" anybody who categorically prefers one over the other for all cases. That's more like zealotry than expertise. Second, for my part the biggest hurtles are in two parts. One is that at the boundaries of speed versus provable safety. At some point I don't need and can't afford the cycles added by boundary checks and other Rust guarantees, and the mechanisms provided to mitigate them are as cumbersome as writing (unprovably) safe C++ code (e.g. "const&", "std::move" and other similar constructs) compared with the equivalent Rust. The other is a more a branding problem: gratuitous maligning of C++ is problematic, and projects a sort of arrogance that I find subjectively distasteful. Yes most, but not all. I'd switch it around: why Cython and not Rust, given their CLI is written in Rust? This strikes me as a perfect use case for Rust, too: it has great compile time memory and other safety guarantees with a speed that is likely close to (or perhaps even better than "safe") C or C++. Rust guarantees safety under certain conditions. That's it. It doesn't guarantee good design, bug free code, or code that never behaves badly. This is the kind of gratuitous maligning of code written in other languages that some Rust fans engage in that I find off-putting. Rust isn't The Solution To All Our Problems. I mostly agree. However I have this prediction: if Rust gains popularity, then in 5-10 years (or perhaps fewer!) someone will be complaining about memory issues in a Rust library that is peppered with "unsafe" blocks that don't properly respect the safe/unsafe boundary contract. Even the core under-the-hood Rust std library is a human-vetted set of unsafe code that the compiler simply cannot prove as much about as Safe Rust. Human-vetted things are prone to error, no matter how good the humans doing the vetting are. I suppose if I identified with any language, C++ would be it. I have the most knowledge and experience writing code in that language. I've been learning Rust lately and have written a few toys with it. I'll share my thoughts. 1. The main benefit of Rust is its nearly cost-free safety guarantees. It's much harder to write code that is prone to UB with Rust than with C++. The comparison is almost silly, in fact, from that perspective. It comes with a runtime cost (e.g. drop flag checks, bounds/other memory access checks) in some cases, but for all cases other than those requiring even that last bit of performance this cost is tiny in comparison with the work the rest of the program is doing and well worth it in my opinion. 2. The primary reason for choosing it over any other language is context dependent. This leads me to my last point. 3. It would be fine to use for anything, really, but I think in the sense of "most appropriate" that you mean, it's "most appropriate" for systems programming that needs to be as fast as C++, but not necessarily melt-the-metal fast. Primarily this is because: a) it's as fast as C++ in almost all cases (and probably faster than equivalently-safe C++ in at least some cases) and b) it's much less likely I'll write code that smashes stacks, has data races, blows up memory or does a bunch of other crap that's trivial in C++ (or other languages). Even in cases where melt-the-metal fast is necessary it seems possible to do in Rust, but it just takes a lot of effort. That's deliberate on the part of the Rust developers, and it's difficult to argue against the reasoning behind it. Where Rust might really shine is helping a new generation of programmers write performant code that is safe without having to learn by trial-by-fire. Who's being a moral scold or hampering "American Dream"s now? There are reasons, good and bad, that states and municipalities have regulations about zoning for commercial, residential, mixed, and other use. There can be a discussion about how well they're applied, misapplied or whatever. Here's my opinion: I think you, and other transient-rental aficionados, have the burden of showing sufficient reason for allowing you and AirBnB to avoid civil and possibly criminal (depending on circumstances) sanction for breaking the laws. You also have the burden of showing why the rules should be changed to permit your activities subsequently. That's a poor description of what is going on here. I suppose you'd argue that having to pay a property tax is the same as paying the government rent, and so that means one doesn't "own" his home at all as long as it's taxed? Where does that argument end? At what point can we just call it what it is: advocacy for disbanding government entirely? stdlib has plenty of unsafe blocks inside it, as do many crates. Claiming one doesn't use unsafe blocks because none are visible in one's lib.rs or whatever doesn't mean they aren't there. As a long-time C++ developer I find I can be very productive writing Rust. Many modern C++ idioms translate almost directly to out-of-the-box Rust-isms. Some (including some important ones) don't, but these are relatively easy to understand and work with. Compile times are actually not that bad. I've seen some real doozies in my day, and plenty of hacks to overcome C++ compile times (distributed compiling, pre-compile steps to collect many dozens or more source files into a single TU, etc.). Rust is just fine. Besides, for the kinds of programs Rust is targeting being productive isn't synonymous with belting out as much code as fast as one can. As for concurrency, I think having options is great. There is rarely a one size fits all solution for concurrency and having choice mirrors real use cases very nicely. Furthermore I really enjoy generic programming. One of the worst parts of C is the lack of real generics. It gets tiresome writing the same array, hashtable, etc. code for each different type. Hiding it behind macros is terrible. It's one of many things that make both C++ and Rust superior to Go, in my view. That said, I do perceive a certain "feature my preferred language offers is the most important thing ever" myopia about some aspects of the Rust community. It's similar to a certain segment of the C++ community zealously beating the drum of "performance, performance performance" to the exclusion of other important things. Rust hasn't the popularity or use in the wild for its warts to be exposed yet, but time will tell. Every language has flaws and proper (and improper) uses. I've been employed at places where that email trail is ignored or used as "evidence" against the engineer. I think the specific example can create a distraction because of the use of indirection, but that there is a more general point to discuss: at what point is a chunk of code "too clever?" One argument is that code should be written so that junior or average (or even below average) developers can be put to work on it. Another view is that part of a junior developer's learning experience ought to include not shielding him from alleged complexity or "clever" constructs, because sometimes they really are better or even unavoidable. Cleverness for its own sake is one thing to avoid, but I think that's almost too subjective a standard to use. Well the second snippet hides the loop and conditional which surely are implemented in "Where". Is that a code smell by proxy? I don't disagree. But then again I've had peers review code similar to this and flag an issue saying it's too clever because that poor soul might not know what "where" is doing or that the use of lambdas is "too complex." At some point that breaks down though doesn't it. I mean from one perspective a conditional in high level code doesn't describe "what is actually happening, either." That's especially true if an optimizing compiler or interpreter mangled it up. From another perspective your argument can be applied to any function call in library code. In either case I don't think your position is that strong. Yep. As long as the abstraction is tested and functions as advertised it can be very useful. I'd much rather see a few lambdas in a chain of function calls than blocks of conditionals and loops. Every keyword or bit of code that has to be typed is a potential source of errors, and abstractions of this sort help minimize that. Counterpoint: test code is also code and when unit test tyrants rule a team it can easily break down into a mess of maintenance (which suddenly more than doubles). I don't down vote, and in fact only recently noticed I could. I don't know who down voted you. To the other points, "no tests" is the other extreme from "test everything." I find both views are unacceptable in practice. I agree with you, about this specific example and in general. When I look back on my career, often when I've said something is "clever for its own sake" was only clever because of a lack of understanding on my part, and rarely for its own sake, outside of toys and obscurity competition where such cleverness is the point. Perhaps unintentional, but your examples are extremely biased. More than one politician has distorted reality and played fast and loose (to be charitable) with facts. Moreover, who checks the fact checkers? Politifact and other sites aren't unbiased themselves, after all, and we certainly have seen that the news media in America are easily manipulated (c.f. the tons of free media Trump gets and the collusion explicit in email dumps from the DNC hack). We don't have high quality, (mostly) neutral fact checkers in this country. That's a big contributing factor to the state of our current election, where the highest office is contested by a bigoted, stupid clown and a corrupt, deceitful and likely criminal woman, both of whom are likely to engage in terrible and aggressive foreign wars, while just about anything down-ticket of these two is ignored unless it intersects with the Presidential race or involves some completely irrelevant and salacious sex scandal. One data point isn't sufficient to make your case, in my view. And the bias isn't on a Dem vs. Rep axis but rather on an axis of class, especially as regards access to socially, politically and financially well connected Elites. Human beings aren't programs evaluating objective rules to come to an objective determination about raises and promotions. Your comment carries the implicit assertion that folks with kids are given special treatment. But what you fail to show is that it actually is "special," except in the context where it is defined to be so. Why should people who break for lunch get special treatment? We need to go back to the good ol' days when workers lived in company towns and got paid in company scrip. Who do you think you are, living outside of the company's property and using your own money? You're still defining that as special treatment. Why is that considered special treatment? I'm having a hard time seeing photo editing requiring 16GB of ram. For video editing it seems to me most use cases aren't going to have more than a few GB worth of frames at a time required in memory, but I can see the potential for 16GB being a bottleneck in certain applications. For "actual [computational] work", use a different computer suited for the purpose, not toys marketed to graphics professionals and hipsters. I thought the same thing. The only place I've ever seen "developers" use Mac products is when they must for technical reasons (e.g. targeting Mac OS specifically), or in the Valley where it's trendy. It's not even that suitable for the fashionable toy webapp development that seems to reign here in the Bay. I've seen the homebrew or ports hoops the 'webdev' crew at the company I work for have to jump through just to get a basic development environment running. It's silly. I fire up my linux-guest VM or else use my company-provided MacBook as little more than a terminal to remotely access our development servers to write my code (which isn't web or mobile application code). Outside of the Bay, webdev shops, or targeting Apple OSes specifically, if I seriously suggested using Apple products for development I'd expect to be laughed out of the room. And rightfully so, in my opinion. They're fine computers for the consumer market, better than linux or any other alternative for that purpose (in my opinion) but as development platforms they're...wanting. Most of the "difficult parts" have almost nothing to do with the kinds of textbook algorithms and dynamic programming trivia these sites test. I prefer to not conflate "computer science" with "software development." The majority of the problems with tech interviews in the Valley stem from an overabundance of CS grads who mistakenly believe that their academic trivia quiz questions have much value for developing software people use. Very few programming jobs actually require the more mathy end of CS. If you want an analogy with physical science and engineering, the the algorithms-and-data-stuctures interview is like giving a candidate for a satellite engineering job an interview laden with mid to upper level undergrad physics questions. It's just nonsense. > how much will that sloppiness cost the employer/customer in hardware and the maintainer and users in time? Next to nothing in almost every case. In fact that hash table is probably overkill most of the time. Unless you're dealing with keys that have a costly comparison, a large number of key value pairs, or a large number of lookups (for some context-specific value of "large") the most naive and "inelegant" of solutions you could imagine, an unsorted array of key value pairs, is sufficient most of the time. So in fact what you call a "sloppy" solution is probably, and quite by accident, far more powerful an algorithm than the problem truly calls for. Understanding complexity analysis is useful when the domain has performance demands or constraints that make it necessary. "Lowly" web dev is almost never one of those domains. What you describe is far more often a CS guy looking for a way to apply his CS education instead of asking whether he's identified the correct problem, and frequently that's because, having only an academic CS background, it doesn't occur to him there might be a more serious underlying problem that has a better solution. Have you tried comparing the performance of asyncio based network requests versus multithreaded requests? And also compared the relative complexity of the code? I have never used asyncio in Python, mainly because the very use case you described is solved with multitheading, but that doesn't mean it's solved best that way of course. Not that I disagree with (m)any of the points you raise, but with due respect I think it's a bit off-topic from my comment. Were it my choice, any time the need for concurrency comes up at my job I'd prefer to use a statically typed, compiled langauge like C++ or Java (or, once I've familiarized myself with Rust's implementations, that language), and this kind of discussion wouldn't even come up. I like python as a rapid-prototyping language. For the kinds of numerical computations and data-laden I/O bound work I do I find it sorely lacking, and consider it an unfortunate choice for production work. I...disagree. And I'll leave it at that. And in either case my view is concurrency is best done in a language where there is proper support for it, whether the model is threaded or processor based concurrency. Apple has for a very long time been a marketing and branding innovator. Jobs recognized something important: branding and marketing matters more than technology, but the technology has to be good enough to support the branding and marketing efforts. So he took the company in a direction that was quite clever: wait until the tech was good enough to wrap in a marketable package, then blitz the market with it suggesting they'd been the technology driver the entire time. It has worked fabulously. Just look at the number of people who think Apple innovated computing at any level: from portable music to smart phones to displays and on and on. These days you're a "tech geek" if you have a couple of Apple devices in your kit. This phenomenon has almost nothing to do with innovation in technology but quite a lot with their marketing efforts to present themselves as fashionable technology innovators. In the last 20 years or so there aren't very many technologies Apple has actually innovated on that didn't already exist in some form or another, just without the Apple Marketing Magic behind it. That's probably about right, if a little too lopsided toward theory. Physics is empirical. We need hypotheses to test, but we should emphasize "test." Instead of expressing a more appropriate sentiment for members of the lower class--that it's shameful somebody who is highly skilled doesn't earn as much as an unskilled laborer--many people in this thread only express anger at "waste" or "undeserved" remuneration. It's one of the best illustrations of the "temporarily embarrassed millionaire" problem in America I've seen in a while. And make no mistake: almost everybody commenting in this thread is a member of the lower classes, even those of us pulling down six-figure salaries in the high $100k-$200k range. That some of us are relatively higher than others is immaterial to the immense wealth commanded by those in the class above ours. We have far more in common with the "lowly" janitor than these elites have with us. Without arguing the merits of the Wealthfront plan, "greed" is about as diplomatic as it gets in this scenario. It applies to both sides. However there is an information and cultural bias asymmetry that puts the company in a much superior position. As a result the equity and compensation issue is ultimately seen as the company taking advantage of employees in an unfair way. I wouldn't expect the majority of data science jobs to be particularly focused on the math behind the algorithms. Rudimentary understanding of probability and how to translate the jargon into your academic background's jargon is more important than deep understanding for these jobs. Passing the interviews for these jobs is one thing. Unless you're specifically looking for jobs that focus on generating new modeling techniques or algorithms for computational statistics, expect to be far removed from even basic linear algebra in actual practice. Source: me. I fall in your described bucket and have worked in data science/machine learning jobs in both contexts (new modeling techniques/stats versus application of off-the-shelf tools). On my team there are two people with CS backgrounds (one PhD, the other MS). There are a couple of PhDs from the physical sciences and one from a more Software Engineering academic background. Without exception the guy with the SE background produces generally better quality code. The CS guys are not arrogant, they know their CS stuff, but their ability to develop software is... underwhelming. This just demonstrates a fundamental misunderstanding at every level of how the political system in the US works. Our voting system is messed up, but that's a symptom of many deeper problems (FPTP voting, closed vote counting, the mixing of parties with government and others). These problems aren't going to be solved by any one effort. And most definitely not by any SV backed one. Also, anybody who thinks a text messaging campaign will result in meaningful voter turnout improvement is so distant from understanding why turnout is so low as to be dismissed out of hand. This is a complicated question that can't be addressed thoroughly (breadth and depth) in a comment in a Hacker News thread. A bullet-point list that overlaps other comments and summarizes my views: * Voting isn't easy * Lack of candidate variety or genuine difference in candidates voters have information about on the ballot (two-party system is a problem) * Lack of responsiveness from elected officials (vote doesn't matter) * Vote tabulation is opaque and at best suspect (electronic voting, vote-by-mail, and other schemes hide the counts--they simply cannot be trusted, at all) * Little or no voter education efforts Rust's generics have significant limitations, especially when mixing types, and are cumbersome to use. For example try writing even a basic function accepting two scalars of type T and U and performing arithmetic on them. The way the Rust compiler works it isn't possible without specifying various bounds on the traits (which I appreciate, actually, for explicitness). And even then there are limitations around casting that require non-trivial workarounds (it is ridiculous, frankly, that the num crate isn't in the standard library, but that crate has its own problems). And there is no specialization, which is a severe limitation. Can't disagree with your comments re: python. Long time C++ programmer here. I specifically like the immutable-by-default, borrow, and move semantics. I can write safe code without bloating up my source with 'const &', std::move, '&& ...' and the like. The safety issue for me is about the least important thing. Touting it as the big reason to use Rust is a distraction from my point of view. Well "the same way" is pretty broad. Generics in C++ are too loose and I edited my comment to reflect that I appreciate the explicitness required. That doesn't mean it couldn't be revisited for usability. Also, huzzah for specialization. I'll try that out asap. Thanks for the heads up. I'm sorry, I have plenty of gripes about the Rust team touting safety as much as they do but your comment just misses the mark, in my opinion. To begin with, "safety" isn't solved by just using const. It simply isn't feasible to write safe code in C without restricted feature usage to the point of being crippled. It's much easier in C++, but requires an incredible level of focus and "cruft constructs" like ' 'const &' and such. Arguably until move semantics were standardized with C++11 it was a challenge to write safe code. I will agree that Rust's developers have perhaps come down too far on the side of "YOU ARE DOING SOMETHING DANGEROUS BY USING A POINTER." But I think you're exaggerating a bit about how hard it is. I haven't, either. I've come across plenty that would save me from having painful gdb sessions to fix code inexperienced (or lazy) developers write. You make an excellent point. I fall into more than one of the buckets you list, and it's definitely the case that there is unlikely a "one size fits all" solution here. However I just have this sense that there is an intersection of basic functionality for using "number types" that neither Rust nor the num crate really supports terribly well. Maybe I'll change my mind as I use it to build out some projects. > nor does it claim to be. "It" doesn't do anything. But some of its fans conflate "prevents memory safety bugs" with "panacea", at least by implication, as I perceive it. Besides, right now a lot of the "memory safety" of Rust has much more to do with selection bias (it is used primarily by people who are explicitly interested in using its safety features). When one uses exclusively (or almost exclusively) the "memory safe" features of the language, of course things implemented in it will be free of "memory safety" bugs. Rust helps make doing unsafe things explicit. It doesn't prevent one from doing unsafe things. Here's how I see Rust: it's far and away already superior than C++ for a certain class of systems application programming (e.g. performant desktop/native application code that sits at the systems boundary). Rust code that seriously competes with C or C++ for "low level" systems programming is going to have to make use of plenty of Rust's "unsafe" constructs. If it gains traction "in the wild," my prediction is we'll start seeing plenty of "memory safety" bugs in that area. The question then is how easily they're spotted and rectified. HackerNews may not be the best place to sample for UML usage. It consists mainly of two communities that have a bias against formal engineering methodologies in the development of software. I won't comment on the pros and cons of UML. Instead I'll invite you to ask yourself a couple of questions. 1. What other clients do you support who have similar characteristics as this client (and may therefore also benefit from UML support)? If the number is significant in terms of impact to your bottom line versus the time you'd have to spend implementing it, then you should consider it worth your time, and view it as an opportunity to up-sell (if you can) or keep existing customers. 2. Do you intend to attempt to move into supporting large enterprise, and especially government contractors? If so, you might consider UML support just because it is ubiquitous there. Must be some pretty trivial software, since 90% of the code base is apparently class and function declarations filled with empty or pointless (get/set) OO garbage. I'm skeptical the code generators are used for the actual function bodies at any level. That's 90% of any non-trivial code, not function and class declarations and stubs. Mainly the group that thinks of everything in terms of the mathematics of CS, and the group who thinks in terms primarily of "just ship, ship, ship code 'pragmatists'." It isn't really divided by front end versus back end or the like. What's old is new again, it seems. I'm not sure I'll ever accept the results of an election that doesn't have a full and public counting of all the ballots cast. I don't see the relevance of your question. Any election that doesn't have a full, public counting of votes is at best suspect. That's my view of elections today, in the past and in the future. And Rust's developers think that 'unsafe' in third-party crates will be well-vetted and therefore actually "safe", most C developers don't think somebody will incorrectly free or screw with memory they've allocated and passed back to the caller, most C++ developers don't think anybody will (ab)use 'const_cast', and so on. A lot of terrible bugs in code is caused by people making assumptions such as yours. Please read about "The Jungle". (Wiki: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Jungle ). Relying on companies to compete on the basis of maximizing customer health is... short-sighted at best. Yes, they solve completely different problems. "Mobile-dev" is more or less application development for a target client, possibly with a client-server relationship. It may incorporate the products of a ML system, or any number of other systems, but is itself the same application development model we've had for 30 years, but with a mobile client. Machine Learning is applied computational statistics. It and its close cousin "data science" have become incredibly hyped the last few years. I suppose it's a matter of taste, but my view is that applying simple probability to a problem (e.g. "recommending" based on picking the thing most frequently voted up by other users and adjusting the recommendation as data comes in) isn't "machine learning" or "data science", but I've seen it called such by candidates I've interviewed and even one colleague. It's not that simple, and trivializing the terms just contributes to the hype. Your comment is littered with advice that applies to machine learning research, not engineering. It is as applicable to machine learning as "learn deep data structures and algorithms" is to CRUD web app development for an internal "enterprise" application that will see simultaneous usage in the high dozens of users at best. In other words: it's only correct in a very narrow context. And you end with patronizing insults. Do you feel better? It's pervasive in this industry, no matter the sub-discipline. That sort of crap doesn't happen in other, mature engineering fields. At least not to the extent it does in computing. It's as if there is some unaddressed need to be considered among the intellectual elite that festers and ferments into casual, ego driven aggression. My comment has nothing to do with PE certifications. Do employees at the place you work at never ask their colleagues for help? For basically all offices but POTUS that's what California effectively has. Except it is implemented badly as a "top-two primary" system. This virtually guarantees that most partisan elections will exclude anyone outside the two biggest parties. It is not very healthy. Othering of "nerds" isn't restricted to liberals. News isn't experimental data. It also means trusting that the "unsafe" usage in the Rust code doesn't have any security bugs. That's the contention, yes. In practice currently there is an incredible self-selection bias with respect to how tractable that position is if (when?) Rust becomes more widely used outside the circle of the True Faithful. I just installed the nightly tarball and used my usual editor (emacs). I'm not sure what the editing environment has to do with a learning hump. Now, coming from loose dynamic typed languages or really terrible C or C++ code bases is another matter. Yes, this. Babies communicate by crying and cooing. It's difficult to tell what's causing them to cry absent something obvious (like an injury). I could easily picture a parent trying anything and thinking it works purely out of coincidence. On the other hand a lot of the criticism of C and C++ is structured to exaggerate their deficiencies and minimize the proposed alternatives' by couching the comparison in contexts which favor the latter over the former by dint of language design. I'm not convinced that is a path to open and honest discussion, either. C makes it trivial to implement poorly, though. (Note: I'm playing devil's advocate here to some extent. My view is that safety is important, but lack of provable safety is not some terrible Demogorgon that we should hide in fear from. I think a lot of the concern over safety is valid, but in some contexts it's just overhyped.) Your first statement is pretty false, even in Rust (for example). Unless you mean something else by "buffer overflow" than I'm accustomed to. What's amusing to me is the amount of terribly unsafe code (that isn't C) that powers rockets, moon landers, and a variety of other safety-critical systems and yet isn't the subject of such persistent and severe criticisms. There's a reason C and C++ are targets. My (obviously controversial) opinion is it has at least as much to do with ego as a desire for safety. Really? I read the documentation for file I/O directly out of the Rust online docs and put together a complete serialization module for a project I'm working on. It was actually quite straightforward. Depends on what you mean by "non-trivial," I should think. Well, yes, I agree in general bounds should be checked at runtime when it isn't possible to statically verify access at compile time. I'm not sure how default access in C or C++ isn't explicitly avoiding checks. By definition "a[b]" is an unchecked dereference. It doesn't get more explicit than "by definition." Of course if by "explicit" you mean "syntax exists that demarcates unchecked access" then C and C++ will never satisfy. I'd argue that's a contrived and artificially narrow use of "explicit" meant, er, explicitly to exclude C and C++ from being acceptable by definition and therefore not terribly fair. Yes, but it wasn't always, and still isn't always. Although your point is very good in that it weakens (further) the "safety is everything" argument. In my opinion. There is so much mission critical software today that is written in C and C++. That's one reason why "safety, safety, safety!" just isn't as persuasive to me as it perhaps is to others. Yes (Rust's "unsafe" blocks serve the same purpose), and my point is you're narrowing the definition of "explicit" to exclude C or C++ by definition. And that isn't exactly a fair, in my view. Per unit of code or as an absolute value? That's significant, but not even the whole picture. It's trivial to have a low (absolute and per-unit) number if the total number of units is low, for example. So by itself your fact is almost useless. Emacs users don't have to worry about minor errors because we don't make them. Vi users don't, either (they already made a huge error, so all their little ones don't matter). On a more serious note, a lot of the features of an IDE (e.g. code completion, method lookup, compiling, and version control integration) are trivially turned on with emacs. I use etags (ctags, etc) and have macros bound to various frequently used git commands, auto-compile when I change a translation unit, etc. My Emacs is an IDE. And much more. Vi has similar functionality available to some degree or other and even if it didn't, with evil mode in emacs vi users can have it, too. I agree, it is solvable by defensive code. The vast majority of the time that code is perfectly sufficient. The number of people who don't die when the hundreds of thousands of things that don't go wrong when an embedded C-program doesn't crash or blow apart because of memory safety bugs daily demonstrates this. I don't think people understand just how much of our world is run, quite literally, by "not provably safe" code. It's not just C and C++, either. Which is one reason why I don't buy the "memory safety" argument as a very strong one for adopting Rust. There are other much better reasons to do so for a certain class of programming, in my opinion. Good luck with that. This industry has too many people with egos far bigger than their accomplishments justify, in my opinion. There is a tendency in this field for folks to believe tech is about as close to a meritocracy as it gets, and that unions or even a trade guild would just hold "the best" back. Do you have evidence that seniority based promotion hurts above average workers? Do you have good reason to suspect that seniority based promotion is a likely enough feature of a union in this industry to warrant concern? I have to object: you've provided a description of how you think seniority based systems work, but no evidence to support your contention that it is, in fact, the way they do. Well, when your argument is "I say so" then of course there is no discussion to be had. How absurd. I'm struggling to understand how requiring explicit mutability has anything to do with performance or "hoops." I mean, getting mutable access is trivial: let mut x = ... fn frobnicate(x: &mut...) The performance "problems" in Rust requiring "hoops" are in very narrow applications (e.g. certain applications of high performance numerical computing). I'm not a fan of the "unsafe-offset" idiom required so that every time access into a vector occurs doesn't waste cycles on a pointless boundary check (for example). But I must say for a given chunk of Rust code the equivalent C++ code is generally more bloated, because unless you're writing code begging for abuse you're going to have "const" and move operations everywhere, which is sort of inverted from Rust's model. We can predict the effects of gravitational lensing and note a difference (if applicable and there are any) which must then be explained by some other mechanism. That could be anything from a misestimation of the metric in the region of the body to quantum effects as this observation posits. It's also suffering from hype. And the criticism you note isn't one-directional in the field at large. I'm finding that ML/AI researchers deriding ML/Data engineers and "scientists" as not doing "real" ML or AI is becoming a thing, similar to how some computer scientists deride engineering as not doing real computing. No, it's not the same as asking for evidence that circles don't have corners, because the latter is a strictly mathematical concept and the topic of promotion schemes is not. Can you provide empirical evidence with actual seniority based systems that match the very strict description you've supplied? Because if not what you have is an unsupported hypothesis, not a description of reality. In some sense, yes. The line between "punitive corporal punishment" and "assault" is blurred in deference to parents' judgment. So it's legal for a parent to spank their child with their hand or even a weapon such as a belt. It stops being legal once "lasting" physical injury (e.g. welts, bruises, broken skin) occurs. We have a very barbaric "society" here in many respects. Regarding schools that's on a state by state and district by district basis. It is very legal for a principal or other officers of a school to use corporal punishment if the state and local laws permit it. We have both a nanny and housekeeper (not live-in, part-time), and I would never think to construct this ludicrous advice. It's hard enough even with that help. Kids have their own minds and personalities and methods of coping with a vast world they just don't understand and can be overwhelming. One-size-fits-all suggestions such as "never punish" just trivialize how complicated little human beings really are. Home appraisal in the real estate market is often not very rigorous. There's a basic set of rules the vast majority of professional appraisers use to derive a market estimate. It's weighted heavily toward "comparable" (homes with similar size, room configuration, etc.) nearby recent sales with adjustments for certain renovations, condition (e.g. deterioration; estimates start from an assumption of "good, working condition"), and possibly other factors. Actually computing the market value as a "cost-to-build-today" is rarely done, at least for home sales the typical consumer is going to be involved in. And those appraisers can be very biased in either direction. Yes, but the estimate provided there is, in my experience at least, rarely computed rigorously. And even when it is, I've never seen it used as part of the appraisal. HN definitely has a strain of tech "fad following" and cult of personality going on, in my opinion. There are certain languages, frameworks, companies and individuals that, if one comments negatively about, will earn more than one down vote. And then who or what documents the tests? Test code is code. That's important and all too often that fact is sort of elided. "We" write comments and use "plain" language documentation, or formatted but otherwise plain language for documentation generators to parse to document our code, and that includes "what the code does." I'd argue that if your test code is what you're relying on to "document what the code does" then you are probably (almost certainly) over-testing, testing the wrong things, or some combination. Oh, and also using test code incorrectly (as documentation). Or even worse you start writing code for "testability" and it becomes a bloated mess of one- or few-liner functions that are only called in one location by some other function. I didn't downvote you, but your claims (and Zuckerberg's) about the intelligence and aptitude of us old folks (I'm not even 40 yet) are just absurd. As regards UI, usability and the like, your comment is highly subjective and entirely unsubstantiated. And your comment in your third edit is just as absurd as your notions about old folks: the site's author(s) likely never intended the site to be part of, e.g., a HN surge. A good number of the application backends I've written were never meant to be exposed to that kind of surge, and I didn't design these backends to handle that kind of surge because it wasn't necessary. That you think it is demonstrates more about your lack of understanding of engineering fundamentals than it does about old folks' ability to learn and adapt. Whatever you think the "official" definition is, when someone says they're "self-made" they are most often using it in a sense closer to the first than the second. It's not strictly with "no" outside help, but they tend to mean that help was minimal and rarely or never for free. Yeah, it's pretty light, but look at the course number--it's a sophomore level course. Most physics students who'd be taking this course (likely as an elective or part of a focus/specialized track) are taking "Physics III" and "Calc III" concurrently, or if they're taking it in the second semester concurrently with something like undergrad classical mechanics. They won't have been exposed to PDEs (or, at least, only tangentially through the multi-dimensional topics covered in "Calc III" or the second physics course of their freshman year) or problems reaching the level of sophistication that would make, e.g. Monte Carlo "interesting" to use (in my opinion). The real estate industry is very heavily regulated and, worse, these regulations are extremely fragmented. Any disruption is going to have to deal with that. Also, agents for basic residential purchases where the property is about as mundane as it gets provide very little value. However good agents will do proper diligence by inspecting the public records for the property. That part may be disruptable with software and an ambitious enough records maintenance effort. But good agents who do their jobs properly are well worth 6% (and, by the way, that 6% is frequently split two ways, so each agent gets 3%). Of course my bar for "good agent" is much higher than Joe Coldwell or Jane Keller-Williams. "Good" agents know local and state regulations very well and do diligence to inspect the public record and work closely with well qualified inspectors to get the best (lowest for buyer, highest for seller) price they can. Most agents, especially for "big box" brokers do basic humdrum contract paperwork and have a very basic approach to disclosure and negotiation and don't add much value. They're ripe for disruption. The entire product I built over the last year can be reduced to basic statistics (e.g. ratios, probabilities) but because of the hype train we build "models" and "predict" certain outcomes over a data set. One of the products the company I work for sells more or less attempts to find duplicate entries in a large, unclean data set with "machine learning." The value added isn't in the use of ML techniques itself, it's in the hype train that fills the Valley these days: our customers see "Data Science product" and don't get that it's really basic predictive analytics under the hood. I'm not sure the product would actually sell as well as it does without that labeling. To clarify: the company I work for actually uses ML. I actually work on the data science team at my company. My opinion is that we don't actually need to do these things, as our products are possible to create without the sophistication of even the basic techniques, but that battle was lost before I joined. No, we actually use ML. We just don't need to, in my opinion, because the problems our products solve are more or less solvable without these techniques. My point was that using ML, even though we don't need to, "adds value" by virtue of the hype train. We need ML to sell products, not to create them. I do agree that this sort of arrangement lends itself to supporting skepticism around AI and ML. On the other hand I don't think that's a bad thing. This mirrors my own thoughts on the matter. Especially as regards the "branding" issue. Yes, thanks for highlighting the deficiency in my original post. I can see it is easily interpretated as you did. I added a clarification (or what I hope is one). I wouldn't. I'd call it "basic computational statistics." But I think I might be in the minority on that. No, in the bay area. The hype is strong here. What. I am a native english speaker. I don't find the tonal character of various chinese dialects to be significantly more difficult to understand than other tonal languages, like spanish. Really? I can think of at least a couple of good reasons it matters (i/o related). Most programming is work that can be done in a decentralized fashion. Some can't be. In either case the salary commanded is influenced by a number of factors other than supply (quality of the supply, for example). So I'm not sure a "global race to the bottom" of the apocalyptic kind you imply would result in such a realization. I actually prefer bitbucket because I don't have to pay for private repos. I was completely unaware of that. Thanks for the heads up. I use gitlab at work, and now I might try it for my personal projects. I'm not sure I like the tacit implication that folks who do lots of side projects are superior engineers or are very passionate about "coding". The assumption that "lots of side projects" is somehow a positive attribute (from an employer's perspective with regard to "types" of engineers) is very much a flawed one. I read this as being unfavorable to morning people: they perform about the same wrt accuracy on tasks in the morning, but worse later in the day. Also, in the bay area at least the "discrimination" you mention is inverted. I rarely see co-workers in office before 9:30 or so, after I've been at work for over two hours, and I'm almost always the odd one out for things like meetings and organizational items (e.g. team lunches, farewell lunches etc.). "Discrimination" isn't the right word, though. That isn't a reasonable inferrence from their actions. All one might conclude is that they find their current income sufficient. Nothing prevents a person from doing that, but that isn't what folks doing scientific computing are interested in, generally speaking. Some are, sure, but in aggregate as a matter of what the "day to day" is, it's just not of much interest. I mean, maybe I was an outlier, but when I was in academia I wanted to have my models compute as accurately and quickly as possible, and I generally didn't have much time for or interest in the computer coding beyond the necessary implementation details required to conduct my research. Telling me "implement an extension", then, would have made me roll my eyes and go back to fortran. You're conflating price exclusivity with classiness. I have a different take on this. The idea of "pursue your passion" is a thing in part for the reasons the author implies (or is explicit about) but he's eliding something. He doesn't really touch on the capital owning class' interest in cheap labor, and "find work that you're passionate about" is about a subtle and indirect way of pursuing cheap labor, mainly by the implicit suggestion that offering employment that fulfills a passion is itself compensation to some degree. Edit for clarity: so my view is that blaming or scolding millennials for this may be a bit misplaced. They've been raised in an environment where they've been told repeatedly that they can (and should) pursue their passions as their careers and also that it's possible and even feasible for everyone to do so. "Money doesn't by happiness" may be technically true, but it is necessary in our society to fulfill basic needs and it's absurd to think its utility beyond that diminishes significantly. It does turn into if-then statements (some implicit, e.g. via try! or ?), if done properly. But I don't understand the objection or calling it "devolving". Errors have to be handled. This way is as efficient as any other. And, in my view, is cleaner than exception handling systems. I'm not sure the syntax extension specific items are good if the intent is to present this as an argument for moving to Rust from some other language for building such a framework. I'm a bit biased: I'd avoid using syntax extensions that aren't part of the standard, because it adds a point of friction for novice and seasoned Rust developers alike. In this specific case, yes those particularly would be an example. But I don't mean in comparison to other languages or frameworks, I mean in generally, as in, I'd avoid creating syntax extensions or using them in any project. Too small? I'm a fat person and the three times I've eaten there I felt like if I tried to finish the bowl my stomach would hurt. Overall I was underwhelmed for other reasons (taste, creepy staff lingering while I ordered, remembering my last order). The kind of safety guarantees Rust provides are, in my opinion, insufficient justification for experienced developers to move from C or C++. Rust has other features that make it generally superior in certain (many) contexts. The safety is a nice "add-on" effect, I suppose, but my view is that constantly hyping safety as the biggest selling point is missing a mark. I'm terribly sorry you've never encountered an experienced developer who uses C or C++ before, or think we're non-existent, or that using extremes like "never" is a reasonable position instead of an incredibly terrible hasty generalization. If there were as many blown off feet as comments on HN suggested technology even as it currently is simply wouldn't function. Do you even understand how much mission and safety critical software is written in C? I think if you did you'd either have a constant panic attack (given your apparent belief that it's impossible to write "safe" C) or else have to adjust your world view a little bit. Who claimed I haven't found these kinds of bugs in my code? My response was to a commenter who, as far as I can tell, represents the mainstream Rust community's view: that it's impossible to write safe C or, worse, that infallibility is a reasonable standard to apply. The latter is especially vex-some from my point of view, because Rust is not infallible, I happen to find it (so far) much more pleasurable to use than either C or C++, and I would very much like to see it have broader adoption. The biggest flaw in Rust's marketing, as far as I can tell, isn't noting that it's safer than C or C++, or that it's a systems programming language, it's the simultaneous (implicit and explicit) confrontational bashing on languages that aren't Rust, but especially C and C++, and the egregious ego-inflating comparisons (x-in-Rust is y-times-as-fast-as-x-in-C-or-C++). I've only written a few relatively small ("toy") applications to completion in Rust. I have one application I'm working on in Rust at work, which is in an advanced stage of development and that will replace a significant part of our production-deployed current implementation (in python). I also have one application I'm working on in my spare time that is not a toy (although it is for entertainment purposes). My view is that for a good number of tasks Rust is nicer to use than C++, and probably I'd reach for Rust before C++ in instances where I'd normally choose C++. It would depend heavily on the context when comparing Rust vs. C. The safety argument simply doesn't register most of the time. No, this isn't because "I don't have problems writing safe C or C++ code," (although I certainly expect the above comment to be misinterpreted uncharitably in this way) this is because the kinds of safety guarantees Rust provides simply don't register on the list of reasons to explicitly choose it (over C or C++) in a large number of contexts. Even in contexts where it does matter, the current state of affairs is that those terrible languages, C and C++, run the world well enough. There are some pretty good examples of terrible safety flaws that may have been avoided with Rust's guarantees. These aren't universally applicable to all problems to be solved in programming. My advice, for all it's worth, is to stop hyper-focusing on safety and definitely stop the oblique insults to C, C++ (and other languages--some notable GC'd ones come to mind, from recent posts and comments I've seen around here). Rust has so much more to offer than an implementation detail (which is what "safety" is). I have almost the exact inverse view: when I write C++ code, I shed a tear if I can't disable exceptions and use something very analogous to Rust's Result type. I can't tell you how many times I've written some version of 'class Result { union {int, T} }' (obviously, that's illustrative, given all the extra work that has to go into writing a proper tagged-union in C++) for use with C++ code at jobs I've had in the past. Rust's implementation here is great, in my opinion. I find it easier to reason about. Yep. That may not be the intention but it certainly comes off that way. I'd argue that in order to properly evaluate your statements regarding C++ (and Rust, for that matter) it actually is important to understand the code and what you're trying to do. Given that there generally is more than one way to solve a problem it isn't unreasonable to think you found a solution that doesn't map (well) to C++ and from there generalize (perhaps incorrectly) that therefore it's impossible in C++ (with similar performance). My view is that Hacker Rank just perpetuates the "textbook academia" and "trivia question" model of interviewing, except it automates out part of that step. If that's innovative, my bar is too high, I guess. His point is that you should get upset that the "market value" is too low (e.g. due to information or other asymmetries that give advantages to the holders of capital which aren't generally available to labor). I don't think public sector unions are disadvantaged. That group of disadvantaged folks would be private sector workers. I believe the argument would be that, to a certain extent, their pensions and other benefits do "fix the market" for their labor. I'm not sure I agree with the argument. My view would be that if the unions were as effective as they could be the workers' salaries would be higher and the pension benefits a bit lower. America in aggregate most certainly is like that. There are cases where some or all of these things don't apply, but these aren't representative of a typical American worker's experience. For my day job, Python (it's 25, that's old) mostly. Primarily as the machine learning platform (all of it, from models to infrastructure) for the products my team develops for the company. For my spare time work mostly Fortran, C and C++ qualify as old languages I'll be using. These I use to dabble in research (physics) more for fun than anything else. I don't think either Go or Rust qualify as "buggy" or "failing." They aren't "old" in my view. And I find Rust more interesting than C or C++ these days. Although C++17 looks nice. There really isn't a direct analog in Rust. The best approximation in Rust is actually a combination of constructs in the language: structs and traits. Structs are almost exactly like the C-objects of the same name: they define layout in memory for a data structure with discrete types as fields, and there are various packing options available. However in addition to this a struct-specific implementation can exist which defines static and instance based methods. As there is no inheritance in Rust, a struct's "impl" is unique to itself. Polymorphism is implemented via the traits system. A trait defines a set of methods that objects meant to have said trait must implement (unless a default implementation for a given method in the trait exists). Any struct can have an implementation for a given trait, so these can be considered a (rough) analog to abstract base classes/interfaces (e.g. C++ classes that are either pure virtual or have virtual functions with default implementations). How do you suppose runtime bounds checks are done in Rust? They certainly also incur a performance penalty in not-trivial cases. Also, "safe by grep audit" means "safe according to a human." The argument of course is that it lowers the surface area of what a human must be trusted to verify. I'm still not convinced by that argument, because human error is a thing. And for actual systems programming, "very rare" may not be true. Yes. It's trivial in Rust to write unsafe code. It's less trivial to mask the unsafe code and the (unproven, in my opinion) argument is that the explicit "unsafe" keyword makes it prohibitively difficult. Rust is safe by default in terms of memory usage. It is not, however, strictly memory safe. It is trivial to overflow a buffer in Rust, for example. I haven't discovered a trivial way to hide it, though. Let me clarify: in Rust it is trivial to use memory unsafely. It is not, so far as I have found, trivial to hide that fact because it is required to use "unsafe" syntax decoration" to do so. I'm not familiar enough with the internals of how Rust handles v-tables and the like in light of its other features to answer that competently. In practice, one defines an interface in C++ by having a (hopefully) stateless class with pure virtual method declarations, and then classes derived from this class must implement these methods (in order to instantiate them anyway). In Rust one defines a data structure (either a struct or enum) and then, separately, writes the "impl" for it for a trait. That is far too simplistic a description of the work required to have safe code--in any language. I'm a programmer, and I get folks to pay me for doing it. I reckon that makes me a "professional" (for some value of "professional"). The kinds of programming I do: 1. Machine learning 2. Distributed infrastructure (systems programming type stuff--message queues, data pipeline services and such, for example) 3. Scientific computing 4. Game development You know what "environment" I find suits me just fine? A terminal window with a combination of some muxer (e.g. tmux) and emacs, in the default WM/GUI environment that comes with whatever flavor of Linux I'm working with. I don't need a lot of extreme tailored environment to do my work and be efficient at it. I also don't think I'd care one way or another whether a "user" could use my laptop or not. It wouldn't be a point of pride for me if they couldn't, or if they could. I simply don't care. Thanks for that. What you describe for C++ is typically the case (and I've written completely unsafe, non-portable code that exploits this fact before), but I'm unsure whether that's required by the standard. From my point of view web versions of applications generally offer a worse experience compared to the native desktop versions that have to be installed. I suppose the closer the browser gets to just being an operating system running in a pseudo-virtual-machine the less crappy the non-desktop-experience will become. On the other hand we're already approaching absurd levels of JS required as a download for some web sites. I could easily envision, in some dystopian future, a scenario where hundreds of MB (compressed) of JavaScript or more are required for an especially loathesome resource eating web "app". Is it really better to have to download 10s or 100s of MB of JS every time (yes, yes, caching helps) you want to use an application instead of a one-time install of a couple of GB? Edit for clarity: I'm responding to the part of your comment about web apps "eating" the install-based model of desktop apps, specifically, not to the broader topic of mobile apps (as clearly there's a difference in the model, packaging of applications, etc. there). I'm not sure his example of Facebook's app is a good one, considering how terrible it was in design. Wasn't it essentially their JS stuff transpiled (with some extras) that turned into an 18000 class, ~100MB bloated monster of an APP? That isn't a problem with "native". That is a problem where developers fucked up the engineering. Actually I wouldn't expect that at all. These companies don't (seem to) hire engineers. They hire folks with academic CS backgrounds and put them in engineering roles, and generally they aim for younger such developers. This is like hiring undergrad and fresh graduate mathematicians to build a space shuttle. It's not a matter of competence or intelligence. It's a matter of ego and inexperience (engineering is an easily learned skill; all that matters is selecting the right data structures and algorithms from my CS [1-4]xx classes, etc.). I'm speaking in the context of development time and cost. Their app was very expensive to develop, but it wasn't because it was "native." Well in general I'd agree. I'm unconvinced that having to download tons of javascript regularly because everything is in-browser (and provides a generally inferior experience, in my view) is a superior model to having to download once and update occasionally a desktop/mobile install. However there is significant effort being made in making these browsers better, so perhaps something will improve. I don't seem to have this trouble. My apps update maybe once a week on average. The notifications always seem to pop up over night while I sleep. When I wake up I simply accept the updates and make my breakfast or shower while the updates occur. I haven't spent time waiting on an update when I needed the app right then in so long I can't remember the last time it was. Reading his comment, his concern isn't with c++ as a language, it's with the tooling and development practices around it. He suggests that because of the generally project specific nature of the tooling and development idioms, generally a higher bar of experience is required to contribute. I can't argue with him there, and I'm about as much of a C and C++ fan as it's possible to be. That is far from what I meant, and the suggestion that Rust is "salvation" is the stuff of infantile delusion. I'm a big fan of Rust, too, but it isn't going to be the "salvation". I've written entire components for networked and multiplayer modes for games, and an algorithmic trading system that uses ML in C++ using just structs, unions, templates, functions and composition (no polymorphism or inheritance). It's fairly straightforward to have a rust-Result construct in C++. It's a bit more tedious if you want to make it a proper tagged union, but not inherently something that can't be done with a minimum of code and be as safe as possible. I've implemented a Result-like error code construct in plenty of C++ projects and disabled exceptions precisely because I don't think they're a good way of handling error states in code. Why is the longest method size 13 lines? That to me is an indication that functions are actually not doing enough themselves, and rely heavily on delegation to other functions (e.g. far too many functions are simply a few lines consisting of calls to other functions, possibly far-removed from the context, with little or no logic "built-in" to the function itself). Usually when I see that sort of thing it's because the functions were designed for unit-testability instead of utility in a programming project. Yes, this series is fantastic. It offers a number of side-discussions that should also prove useful if you decide to go on to read more specialized physics material (e.g. to follow a more "traditional" academic physics curriculum). Unless an IDE is part of the standard somehow I strongly disagree that "IDEs make it better" is a good argument for preserving a language feature that is confusing. Not everyone uses an IDE, and for certain low level systems programming kinds of things (you know, the things Rust wants to target) sometimes an IDE isn't available or is cumbersome to use. That said I am a bit confused at the confusion. Rust is better than C++ in this regard, in my opinion, even if the system is a tad slower to build still. This is actually something about the code samples in Rust docs that irks me a bit. My view is that sample code such as this should be as idiomatic as possible and that means providing a sample demonstrating a typical real use case . So seeing "unwrap" in this context doesn't sit well with me. In fairness, this isn't specific to Rust. I find sample code like this in many projects regardless of language. However Rust is billing itself as a safe systems programming alternative to C and C++. It would help its marketing efforts, in my opinion, by having more robust samples than the competition. And let's be honest: given the competition is C and C++, that's a low, low bar--and this comes from a guy who's about as big a fanboy of those two languages as possible. Edit for more disclaimer: documenting Rust code is a real pleasure. The team has done a stellar job at making documentation an easy thing to do while writing the code. It's already better in most cases than many other projects I can think of. I agree that in terms of safety it's equivalent. However in terms of how an actual program would be written it's...Less than optimal. I almost never simply allow a panic-like termination in a program like this, if it can be trapped, without doing something else, even if it's just to spit out a log/stdout message with a descriptive reason. Then again the plural of anecdote isn't data, and maybe I'm the oddball here. On the other hand I'd hesitate to call it a mature engineering discipline. It suffers from fad-following and shiny-bauble-chasing like no other engineering field I've ever worked with. It's a bit better outside the valley, but generally there is an amusing over-focus on academic trivia and minutiae from CS. In the world of server systems programming once an organization gets beyond a certain size it's uncommon to have programmers administering server daemons or other server applications. Those folks are indeed users. Only in the HN bubble. Meanwhile, "in the wild," it's hard to find a person who does systems programming and has even heard of Rust, or if they have, that has given it serious consideration. It's too early and too immature a language for all the fawning it gets on HN. I think if the developers do it right they can snag enough mindshare among new developers that Rust will be a serious competitor to C and C++ in 10 years or so. Which is great, because I think it's a better language. But it isn't there yet. I'm not sure what "memory safety" has to do with skill regarding "language architecture." In fact, I'm not quite sure what you mean by that whole bit. Memory safety isn't a bad thing. But maybe pushing it as the thing will end up making it harder for newer systems programmers to be comfortable dropping into "unsafe-Rust" when it's necessary out of fear, or harder for them to learn the lessons that C and C++ folks have had to when they do have to use "unsafe-Rust". We just don't know what the impact will be in that regard. It's part of being a young language--it just needs time to develop. Is the dichotomy at the end of the Might's article content accurate? It seems too black-and-white to me, but I didn't go through a CS curriculum. Do MS/CS students not have to do original research or read research papers? Counterpoint: having a solid, existing and mature codebase can serve as a useful tool to learn where and how best to apply a new language's features. As a bonus, perhaps some improvement in the original system will be recognized! It's amusing that he uses a modern chauvinism ("making a bet") in this way, while noting that some of Newton's "bets" were only "wasteful" (risky, bad, whatever) when viewed through the lense of modern knowledge. He has a good point, put poorly, and without good support in his chosen example. In this context it imposes a modern view of "opportunity cost" that would simply not have occurred to Newton or any of his contemporaries. It's just too far back in history to really be useful as a support for his argument, especially given the convoluted and mixed approach used. Yes, but consider what the H1-B is meant for: an extremely highly skilled worker for which there is no local supply. It doesn't seem outlandish to me to put some metrics on that other than employers' (biased, suspect) word. Why? The more skill required, the smaller the candidate pool, and the higher the wage. For these truly exceptional talents it does not seem at all weird to me that truly exceptional compensation is warranted. But that is just another way of stating the real problem here: the H1-B program isn't used to hire exceptional talent that cannot be found locally. It is currently used to hire rather typical talent at an exceptional discount. The minimum requirements are a Bachelor's degree or some ridiculous amount of work experience. That's actually very selective (30% of adults have a BS or BA, 10% have any graduate degree), and 12 years of work experience is a lot of experience. There is also language in the legislation that displacement of American workers is disallowed. It's pretty clearly meant to be for companies to hire very skilled talent for which there is no American source. It's not just the degree or experience requirement, it's the exclusivity factor. These aren't "typical" BS/BA holders. That's just a bare minimum and only one component of the requirement. Other pieces include a shortage (or even non-existence) of labor available for the job. This necessarily implies the target candidate has skills that aren't in supply domestically, and therefore is (more) "highly skilled" even than a Bachelor holder is. > The thing is he is attacking Rust not based on the safety the language provides, but more on a feeling that the package, crates, network doesn't fit his belief of how things should be curated. He states that he thinks this is why BDFL is good model, but gives no strong evidence supporting that view. One might easily argue that folks who criticize C and C++ for its ecosystem are also "attacking" it, by your reasoning. It detracts from the rest of your comment in my opinion (which isn't humble at all). And "the Rust community" is not a monolithic entity. For example, I find "the Rust community" in aggregate here on HN, other than a relatively small few, to be rather caustic, aggressively defensive against criticisms of Rust, and a bit too handy with downvotes for disagreement of legitimate arguments against some of Rust's features, syntax, grammar, etc. I can't say I agree with the author's first article (which he mentions in this one), but I think he has the kernel of a good argument here. That's not to say I agree with it entirely. At some point "design by everyone" turns into "design by committee" by another name. This criticism of Rust has manifested itself in other ways, too. For example the amount of "unsafe" used in various crates (the idea being that "the community" will collectively minimize "bad" use of "unsafe"). In my view there's a tendency for some of Rust's advocates to simply assert that it will work itself out without presenting good reason to believe so. "Inside the community" isn't a very strong argument in my opinion, because there is a strong bias. Folks "inside the community" are developing Rust packages because they really, really enjoy it. This is much different from having a mature language where folks who aren't as gung-ho about it develop things (out of curiosity, because work made them, etc.). I understand there's a recognition of the problem, and I think it's great that it's on the radar. I meant my opinion wasn't humble, not yours. I haven't any numbers and I wasn't asserting anything about the quantity that exists. The first part of that applies to Apple and Google app stores, too. If you go straight from undergrad into a PhD track four years is a reasonable minimum, yes. You can at some institutions at least opt to take an MS along the way (as I did) after your two years of graduate level course work is completed, and then continue to complete the PhD. No. On the one hand, the audit is a bit of a counter to "writing C is the same as writing unsafe code". On the other hand, there are a number of potential efficiency (as in, time-to-develop, maintenance effort required) gains for using a language, such as Rust, which provides the abstractions used in the C code out of the box and "for free" (in terms of implementation time--not necessarily execution performance). For a mature and stable project, especially one that has already built-in the effort to set up and maintain the appropriate abstractions, the effort to re-write is probably not worth it. "Rewrite all the things in Rust" is asinine in general, but in this particular case it's especially bad. It would be much better to focus on C and C++ projects with actual problems. It takes a fair bit of effort to call into the epoll system in a sane and safe manner from Rust. It's more than just slapping a thin "unsafe-Rust" wrapper on the C epoll API. Or at least it is in anything but, say, a toy rust-equivalent of the man-page entry examples for epoll. tokio is far from mature and its claims of stability are even less so. I can't think of many Rust crates that I'd seriously put in the "this seems actually stable and mature" bucket as yet. That's in part because Rust itself is only recently stable (and given how recently it's pretty generous to call it stable). Much less than from any FFI. You're saying that Asians are more meritorious of positions at large tech companies than people of other ethnicities. That's an extraordinary claim. By the way, if Asians comprise about 30% of the workforce in the Valley, I wouldn't say they're over-represented. They're probably under-represented, in fact. My background is scientific and systems programming in C and C++. Currently I write a lot of Python for my job and a lot of Rust for my spare time hobby programming, which consists of things like writing a BLAS, reimplementing other C and C++ projects, etc. So I haven't only programmed in dynamic or scripting languages. I strongly disagree with the assertion regarding single letter variables. I would gently correct a junior programmer who tried to do that and I would chew the hell out of a senior programmer if he tried it. In any language. 15mph might be slow to a racer or hobbyist who does regular long distance riding, but it's about typical for commuters and the very casual end of hobbyists. Maybe it's slow downhill. It's definitely not slow to pedestrians: a collision with a cyclist going 15 mph can be quite injurious. So do most auto drivers. It is a fact that lower speeds correlate to fewer accidents and accidents with generally less bad outcomes, though. It isn't helpful for anybody but a narrow slice of mathematicians and computer science graduates. Who said anything about "scary?" You assume I don't understand them, or that "not helpful" is a substitute for "unfamiliarity" or some other kind of similar deficiency. That's not very charitable. I learned the jargon as part of my academic background. That was part of the reason I made the comment. These terms are jargon, or terms-of-art. Knowing jargon isn't the same as knowing the things jargon describes or having the capacity to reason about them well. Similarly, not knowing the jargon does not imply ignorance, stupidity, fear, or any of a number of other negative things. The jargon "monomorphism", "codomain", "endomorphism" and even "function" and "domain" as it truly applies here are most certainly not taught even as part of a typical high-school calculus program. I can't speak for IB (they only offered AP when I was in high school, so long ago). The basic, hand-wavy version ("a function maps a domain to a range") is about as complicated and deep as it gets. Most high schools in my district, even the ones serving poor neighborhoods, taught at least through Trig/Algebra 2. Calculus was AP Calculus only (which one didn't have to be in an "honors" program to take). Most of the time m is a number smaller than 10. For many small businesses n might be the same order of magnitude, but for often it is at least an order of magnitude greater. The ratios just aren't close in most cases. That's a fairly self-centered view you have there. Why should anyone care what bothers you? That isn't the opposite of self-centeredness. In fact odds are you avoid behaviors that annoy you . You simply aren't gifted enough to know the range of behavior that might bother others. To think you do is arrogant and more than a little self-centered. Employment, just the same as anywhere else. In this country a job isn't something that most people can simply pick and choose from. Tech jobs especially are very different outside the Bay Area. A big example: it's common to have 18-30 month tenures at a job in the Bay Area, and that's considered "job hopping" many other places. Others include the casual dress and relatively greater time flexibility. Tech experience in the Bay by no means guarantees the ability to find employment outside it. Why should it be? Tech workers are not overpaid. In America at least there is an artificial scarcity of doctors, so that that comparison isn't fair. All the "hard" things a user learns in Rust have to be learned in C++, too. It's just some things are learned in a different way in Rust (e.g. fighting with the borrow checker) than they would be in C++ (e.g. proper use of const(expr), references, moves, etc.). I disagree to some extent, for a couple of reasons. First, C++ programmers in aggregate have to consider more than the choice of language for their projects. Odds are they work for somebody else, on a team, an established project, whatever. In these cases "C++ programmers need better tools" doesn't mean "toss the bath out with the water." Rust isn't necessarily a good move in established products, in other words. Second, Rust would do better, in my opinion, to target folks who are new to systems programming and, for whatever (mostly invalid, in my opinion) reasons, are intimidated by C or C++. Rust is very powerful and in many ways I like it much better than C++. I think Rust offers a great way for these people to have a gentle introduction to the world of systems programming. I say "gentle" because a good portion of the "pain" of learning is front-loaded into getting a build, rather than back-loaded into futzing about with gdb (although that would be something these folks will miss out on--who doesn't like a good session with gdb with a satisfying bug squash at the end?). Get them while they're young, as they say. I stopped using the Bay Area Bike Share bikes and just bought my own commuter bike for a couple hundred bucks. The lighter frame and narrow tires have improved the biking part of my commute so much. The difference is just astounding. It could be a big difference. Why is that move "beneath the dignity" of a wrestler? Seems like a great counter to me. I come from a C++ background, and I quite happily used references, const references, and move operations regularly. I dare say, a good bit of the code I wrote was a C++-analogue to the Rust code I write. It's just that the mutability differences reduce the code I have to look at considerably (e.g. instead of "const &" I simply have "&" and instead of "&" I have "&mut"--which reduces the quantity of code considerably). I have been programming with C++ before the C++-0x and later standards introduced some of these concepts (e.g. move) and since, and the move to Rust (as far as the borrow checker is concerned) has been mostly smooth. I think "I come from C++" isn't as important as the kind of C++ one has been used to. There is a "strong progressive majority" in the bay area? I guess if one's calculus is "Democrat == liberal == progressive" that might be true. From my perspective I see a large majority of folks who pay lip service to the social tolerance issue with the most media coverage around election time every two years and who otherwise act like conservatives (especially on economic matters) in most other respects. Either way calling Congress members is a feel-good thing that takes almost no effort. It's worthless in terms of getting political power and making changes. Yeah, even when I was in grad school some 15-20 years ago these recipes were at best "okay" for very basic work. Then again my work required use of non-trivial linear algebra, which (at least at the time) NR's chapters on that topic said "better to use something pre-built". A good bit of "legacy" C++ features are used in a number of applications that articles lists as "mission critical" perfectly well, too. Some of the arguments along memory safety, to my eyes, appear to be bordering on the hysterical. There are many legitimate criticisms of C++ ("legacy" or "modern"), including some related to memory management and safety. That hasn't impeded its use (its safe use) in a number of applications. As a long-time user of C++, I find Rust to be more appealing in many ways. I don't think "C++ is dangerous" is a good approach to advertising Rust to the C++ community. I care about safety and recognize that I can achieve it in C++. These claims that it's not possible, prohibitively difficult and so on are basically unsupported assertions. They're exactly the kind of argument that people who would like to see Rust gain traction shouldn't be making, because they impugn the credibility of the person making them. All the comments in here so far implying you should speak up seem to me to misunderstand the power dynamic at work. Individuals, even in the tech industry (and perhaps especially in the startup world) can very easily be fired, blacklisted, or otherwise made to have a difficult time practicing his or her career if he crosses the wrong founder in the wrong way. What's wrong with that? This is just "Americans are lazy and entitled" written differently. We see similar arguments in the agriculture sector, where a different price dynamic exists. The difference is in the world of tech companies can actually afford to pay more because there isn't a horde of Americans who want the tech equivalent of dirt-cheap food keeping prices down. Americans actually have a very strong affinity for authority. Most will put up with quite a bit especially for something they perceive as high paying. That you think fast food is much different from no food or that the buses the impoverished here ride are "safe" (or always air conditioned, for that matter) leads me to believe you haven't experienced poverty in America. I have. It really tweaks me when people compare poverty in America favorably to poverty elsewhere. Why do you think I think that? You haven't offered an argument to "prove wrong." You've offered assertions and antagonism. If your intent is to invite discussion, it isn't a very good attempt. Support for protectionism and regulation in this context are frequently derided as racist (or generally bigoted). It's amusing given how easily "Americans won't do these jobs" (which is code for "Americans are lazy, entitled, etc.") slips into the discussion. > The kind of poverty I'm describing doesn't exist in US, It most definitely does. In the US there is "working class poor" (the kind you describe with the $40k/yr McJob), and then there is _poverty_: lack of adequate housing (e.g. shanties with pest infestations), lack of adequate clean water (not just occasionally, either, but consistently), lack of adequate food ("food insecurity", which is a terrible description for "we go without one or more meals regularly during the week, and sometimes have to beg for charitable food from neighbors or food banks"), and so on. These folks also typically don't have access to anything like sufficient education. The notion that "third world style poverty doesn't exist in the US" is a great propaganda victory for the wealthy elite here, but it's just not true. And every time you're refuted as presenting an overly simplistic view, mistaking correlation for causation, and a having a host of other categorical and logical errors. What you do when you link like that is make a "shotgun bullet-point argument:" you're presenting a set of loose, possibly related facts as though they're all mutually reinforcing studies leading to the same conclusions. There's no "there" there. Because it's HN and there is a segment of the population here who feel compelled to promote the New Shiny any chance they get, irrespective of how terrible it looks, or how badly it squanders their credibility. In this case, for example, the underlying issue (as usual) isn't "C language BAD!" it's that the function call isn't thread-safe. Which can happen in any language, including Rust. "Thread safety" is more than just protection against data races, which (AFAIK--I am quite happy to acknowledge being wrong here) is the guarantee Rust makes. In that case, I fully expect to see continued activity on this front even after the next Democratic adminstration and congress continues the Bush-Obama-Trump programs that are (finally) meeting resistance. I won't hold my breath waiting for that, though. Usually what happens is that when one's favored party regains power the criticism suddenly disappears. No, asking why things were done in the past is a useful exercise to uncover deficiencies in reasoning, process and other areas which can be acted upon for present and future action. Your argument is essentially "don't ask why my favored party/people/orgs did bad things, just pay attention to the rhetoric they're using now." It's an incredibly cynical position to take, in my opinion. No doubt, and I wasn't intending to ding the docs. Rust docs are a paradigm to be emulated in almost every case in my opinion. I wasn't calling out the ACLU. I am rather skeptical of the commitment of certain folks who are just now finding their voice. This is from long experience, at least on the left end of the pond, where the mainstream Democratic partisans attempt to shout down any protest when Democratic politicians do something but encourage it when Republicans do equivalent things. As with most such sayings their relevance isn't universal. You should care, as should anyone who is aligned with these protestors' views. That's because if (or when, if history is a guide) the protests subside because "we elected not-Trump/Democrat-X/whatever", the gains will be eroded or erased as Trump's policies are continued by the new "savior." The best technology we can apply to democracy is to have our elections be conducted entirely by pencil and paper with a completely open, public and full count of all votes. It isn't cynicism about a potential future. It's recognition of a pattern that has played out time and again. This isn't new or uncharted territory here. The only thing "past the norm" here is that Trump isn't hiding behind "the process" or rhetoric. All of the stuff Trump is doing had been either set up by or done, before, by past administrations. It's just that there hasn't been this level of scrutiny or opposition to it. What makes you think Hillary supported or supports Mexicans or Muslims? I mean, granted she used those groups as a foil to beat up on Trump with but as a rule her past actions (e.g. as Sec. Of State) indicate at best a casual (and in my view cruel) indifference to those communities. You mean like the raid in which a SEAL died that wasn't the same policy and enforcement mechanism that Bush and Obama used? Some examples fit your description. Not all. No argument on that specifically. I do take note, and exception, when very vocal supporters of Hillary have a "come to Jesus" moment over Trump's actions. Part of that "critically consider past actions" thing. What makes you think I support Trump? My criticism comes from the left, not the right. The difference between Hillary and Trump has always been one of style and in some areas depth, not substance. Suddenly Hillary's supporters decide to protest and support anti-Trump action, when the entire Democratic establishment supported the very things that have set Trump up for years without a peep. I'm deeply skeptical and do not trust them. Period. I'm neither a Democrat nor a Republican, and don't view it through that lense. I'm viewing this (support for the ACLU) with a skeptical eye, the same way I'd view a Trump protest started by Hillary campaign staffers. No, I'm saying the differences, especially on immigration, aren't that great. They're far more alike than not. And to see Hillary supporters suddenly take an active protest-level interest in politics just smacks of partisanship. Yes, I understand the argument is "so what if they're motivated by partisanship?" That's a facile argument, though, because movements like this require sincere dedication for the goal of the movement. If the partisans' goals aren't aligned with the movement's goals, then the partisans can do more damage than if they simply shut up and sat it out. Paid or unpaid account and project? It's worse: the technical interview for "some" positions apparently consists of pair-programming to resolve a Community Edition Issue which actually will (presumably, if it resolves the issue) become part of the product. No mention if that's paid time or not. That's shameful. I was considering using them, but if they're getting what is effectively free labor as part of their interview process my interest will wane considerably. She's called for doing much worse than banning, under the euphemism of the war on terror. Trump's ban pales in comparison and it's just a terrible bit of partisan hypocrisy to focus on the ban and how important it is to respect Muslims. Please consider the correct context: these are entities selling services as a business, not individuals expressing a personal opinion. They want the various protections and benefits law provides to businesses (yes, even Single Proprietor/Partnerships) in some circumstances but to be treated like they're just ordinary citizens in others. It depends on the company and individuals, like everything else. I've had both positive and negative results with honesty. I was honest with my current company. I told them 5 years from now I'd be considering moving back closer to family with sufficient experience and promotions on my resume to demonstrate my ability to acquire work that pays better than what engineers typically make in that region. I also told them it's unlikely I'd be at the company longer than 2-3 years without some very interesting work. I had a similar level of honesty with an employer I was interviewing with several years ago and they turned me down (without indicating the reason, but clearly the honesty for that question either worked against me or had little or no impact on the decision). Why would that be absurd? A highly specialized skill in an area that we can infer is generally less desirable to live should command a higher than average wage. Much higher if the situation is so desperate that a foreign worker has to be sought. Also: the majority (by far) of H1-B visas are for technology work. It may not technically be "tech only" but in practice it may as well be. Then require some multiple (> 1) of the average or median salary in the region. It doesn't concern me at all. The Democratic Party isn't a branch of government. It's a private company. That so many treat it like it's a government organization is far more concerning than the motivations behind any hacks of one or both major parties. That's quite a different use case from a one-time event with the results evaluated immediately. When one's only tool is a hammer every "problem" seems like a nail, eh? Some things simply aren't improved by the introduction of computers. I'd rather the latter. Which is why I don't care that the private company that is the DNC was hacked. They don't succumb or respond to public pressure in any meaningful way. Plenty of states already have regulations. California has rules about how parties elect their boards and whatnot, for example, and officially recognizes parties. I agree that we should reduce their influence. That would be the opposite of doubling down on our current system of treating them like pseudo-branches of government. One way to accomplish that would be to ban official recognition of parties, require them to fund and run their own primary elections, and move to multi-member representation districts. All of these things can be done at the state level for state and local offices. Aren't most of those "native" apps just webapps packaged standalone with some framework anyway? And what R&D do you think SpaceX is built on? I'll give you a hint: you mentioned it in your comment. I haven't much sympathy for either consumers or content providers who use ads. The delivery of the content has to be paid for by someone. Usually the consumer balks at that. People expect things on the internet to simply be free. But they aren't free, and ads are a way of signaling that. That doesn't mean the current situation where ads are intrusive and irritating and a source of malware is good, and that's on the content providers and ad networks to address. The purpose of imprisonment is to punish and, ideally, rehabilitate. Why continue the punishment for life after that? Yep, which is one reason why I haven't much sympathy for consumers. Another being that I've been on the provider end, and saw consumers pick the "free" ad-driven version of an app over the $1 version. They can't view the ads as being that bad if even $1 is such a steep price they'll tolerate the ads to avoid paying it. I have handled situations similar to that. I took them aside and pointed out which behaviors were inappropriate and that they risked accusations of sexism if they continued. I didn't have to in my situation but if it were necessary (e.g. they didn't alter their behavior and management wouldn't step in) I wouldn't hesitate to do a little public shaming. For example at assignment time or when you see him insisting on pair programming calling it out right in front of everyone: "You only seem to insist on pair programming with our female colleagues. That behavior appears sexist and reflects badly on the rest of us and you need to stop." "Good" and "bad" aren't really useful descriptors without additional context. And what do you mean by "mid-quality" developers? That seems gratuitously insulting. Maps and folds are implicit loops. For some explicit is simpler. I'm not convinced that using startups as a metric for anything programming related is a good idea. At least not startups here in the Bay Area, which seem to me to be very fad driven. The original comment was comparing maps and folds to loops, not the general application of maps. And further, in my view, if manual memory management is extraordinarily difficult a language is not necessarily a good candidate for systems programming. Today's startups are, mostly, tomorrow's failed businesses. The majority of the most successful startups of the last 15 years have generally used tried-and-true battle tested technologies in their successes: Java, C, C++ and PHP. This isn't to say Go doesn't belong in that list, but simply to reinforce my point that what startups are using today shouldn't be an indicator of high quality technology that can (or should) gain more traction and use in the future. No, it just isn't. When I work from home it invariably ends up being a free-for-all from my wife (who works from home full-time and suffers this daily when I'm at the office, the saint that she is) and kids making demands on my time. In order to work "from home" what actually happens is I find a nice, low-traffic coffee shop where 95% of the other patrons are doing the same thing, work odd hours and take an extra long period in the mid-morning to mid-afternoon to take care of appointments and domestic issues. Terseness doesn't necessarily bring clarity. My wife chooses to have a job that she does full time from home. We are very much of means to provide a full time live-in nanny or day care for our children on our current income. If she chose she could get a much better paying "butt in the seat" job and we'd have even more means. She doesn't "put up" with anything in the pejorative sense you mean, and is most certainly not being exploited by me. Shame on you. However we are extraordinarily lucky. My mother, for example, was a single mom who sometimes had three jobs just to make ends meet. She didn't have any real choice. She was exploited by the system and her ex-husband both. Paying someone to perform work is exploitation, is it? I'm not talking some minimum wage less "room and board" situation. You assume too much and know too little about the situation to make the comments you're making. That may be, in which case Python belongs in the same bucket. I'm not convinced, actually. Most of the "ruby shops" I know use it only for the most trivial of applications, being essentially rest-like proxies between clients and Java (or other language) services. But I don't know everything and anecdotes aren't data for sure. How does it argue against structured programming? My argument is that "recognizability" is in the eye of the beholder. One programmer's "map is a powerful abstraction over transforms, for example loops" is another's "this is some cutesy code/math creole by a CS graduate who desperately wants to find nails to apply his functional programming and applied math hammer on". That's a fairly harsh way of saying that at some point the abstraction isn't clarifying, whether it's recognizable or not. Disclaimer: I'm a big fan of functional idioms (they're one of my favorite parts of Rust, for example). I'm not so much a big fan of absolutism or over-generalization. That doesn't contradict anything. All it means is there weren't enough desperately poor Americans looking for the work. Improve the working conditions and raise the pay and the number of Americans interested increases. Unfortunately because of other American policy related to agriculture this is difficult for some companies to do. Basically what the Alabama law proved is that companies aren't willing to provide sufficient quality working conditions and pay to entice American workers. The specific job may be a factor in that, but that isn't something this event proves anything about. Cleaner but far less powerful in some respects. Or perhaps, as usual, the restrictions are front-loaded. For example in Rust for some operations on a generic type you must specify the appropriate Trait in the declaration (" "). In C++ this would be deferred until you tried to perform an operation on the type for which no valid code exists after something has been instantiated. Other than metaprogramming, Rust's implementation can provide the same functionality that templates do, in a cleaner way in my view. I've never understood this attitude. Passion doesn't necessarily bring anything to the table here for everyone. Persistence I think is the word you're actually looking for. For example, when I was in grad school my passion for the subject actually nose-dived as the quantity of tedium and endless iteration increased. It wasn't passion that carried me anywhere then. It was simple determination. I agree. But I think in this industry those two items are generally what employers mean by "passionate". "Passionate", "have a GitHub profile," etc. are all signals that an employer wants someone who's life is consumed by coding and, ideally, coding for them (while being willing to tolerate tedium or terrible working conditions). And that's a good thing? I'm being serious here. The web ranks among the crappiest user experience I have with software I use today. And when I speak with colleagues who do the web development at the company I work for they seem far from happy with their development environments and process. It's like the presentation, in which MB of JavaScript are required to render a few paragraphs of text with a side bar or drop-down menu, went to the development environment where thousands of dependencies are required to produce "hello world." The last thing I want is to see yet more traveling down the path of "web app" style development for my phone's apps. Why wouldn't a sane person write a "generic web service" in Rust? What does that even mean? Long time C++ developer here, have written a few toy programs in Rust, and am in the process of re-writing some stuff at work in Rust (from python). My opinion is that Rust is at least as complicated as C++. They have different complexities, but one isn't "easier" than the other. I enjoy Rust a lot. More than C++, at this point, but that may be the "newness" factor creating bias. I think Rust is likely a better language for people new to systems programming to pick up. It's complexities are largely up-front: a novice will learn how to program well in Rust by having the compiler break his teeth a few times, while for C++ she'd either have to have high-quality mentoring or else learn the hard way (by long experience). Utter nonsense. A PhD signals two things: that a person has the same degree of mastery of core material as a person with a master's degree and that he or she has the determination to do additional original research sufficient to produce a 100 page paper. It isn't required for any serious research effort, except by the accident of inertia. And it certainly isn't a necessary indicator of determination. I'm not taking it lightly at all, considering I've done it. I know exactly what it requires and what it signals. Well, yes if the strawman "all modern C++ written by experts is free from memory safety issues" is what you're countering. I find that to be gratuitous and petty, and not a good representation of Rust, however. Not sure what that has to do with anything. The parent is a very vocal Rust proponent and made a ridiculous comment which has been called out by myself and several others. It hasn't anything to do with any "small group of people" talking smack about C programmers. Although that's unfortunate, too. It is ridiculous. Both because he doesn't qualify his targets the way you have and for the reason others noted (it's not modern C++). It's a gratuitous and inflammatory insult. > Well, I have seen exactly that sentiment. Then surely you can provide a reference to it. > it's also a counterexample to "most C++ written by experts doesn't have memory safety issues that matter in practice". This is "most C++ written by experts"? At least you're willing to back off your initial ridiculous assertion somewhat. This one isn't much better though. > I haven't brought up Rust here. Oh come on, you can't be serious given your advocacy for Rust. For the last several years "learn to code" has been a meme (President Obama spoke to this on multiple occasions), and the "T" in "STEM" is "Technology." I don't think the "meme" is the problem. Also, while I definitely am much more well paid as an engineer than I ever would have been as an academic, the quality of employment the field (in terms of opportunities available, working conditions, peers, and other factors) is a bit underwhelming, in my opinion. Without some pretty big changes in some of these I'm not sure we should blindly encourage "everyone" to seek an IT career. The most important thing from my perspective is how well he or she develops in the context of the entire team. In no particular order a good developer will: 1. raise issues when other developers suggest solutions (even if just to play devil's advocate) to encourage discussion 2. be willing to have his or her opinion overruled by consensus, understand why, and proceed with contributing to implementation of it as well as if it hadn't been 3. accept constructive criticism in reviews of his code (and can make counter-arguments when appropriate without becoming defensive) 4. improve his or her craft by acknowledging and correcting errors in code and design when he or she makes them (nobody is perfect, and every experience level of engineer will make mistakes in judgement, and errors in logic, structure, and design occasionally), but generally make fewer such errors as time passes 5. seek out opportunities to share expertise, experience, and advice with co-workers I'd say if most of these points are hit, a developer is doing a good job. It depends on what is meant by "wealthy" really. Plenty of non-manager technical staff in the bay area can become financially well enough off to be considered wealthy, given enough time and judicious allocation of their savings. There are very few programmers outside high-paying tech hot-spots like SF who will ever be wealthy without moving into management. There are other factors to consider though. Generally speaking in most instances, even the interesting companies, management is going to be a faster, more reliable path to wealth. My observations lead me to conclude that: 1. Most technical staff is generally considered fungible by management , even at interesting companies, so layoffs can and do tend to impact non-management harder and more frequently, and this impacts long-term earnings. 2. Even at interesting companies management is generally compensated better in terms of salary, bonuses and (as management level rises) bonuses and stock grants. This generally isn't just a few percentage points difference in the pay, either: in most places outside those high-paying hotspots managers tend to be paid wages that are much closer to SV wages than programmers will ever see, so the difference is even greater there. Well, I disagree that this is equivalent to your description of the article's answer. But I take your point. I'm not sure there's a universal, objective way to evaluate what "doing a good job" means for any job that isn't ruled almost strictly by some quantitative measure (e.g. "output is X widgets a day"). None of the items on this list have absolute measures ("plays devil's advocate at least once a month"), or even well-defined relative measures ("makes 10% fewer mistakes after being corrected") for exactly that reason. They're heuristics, and I'm skeptical applying anything more rigorous is reasonable to attempt. The most important way to not waste time "pressuring" lawmakers is this: have money, connections, and influence over those connections. None of the items on that list comes even close to that one. That's a fairly broad statement and entirely dependent on the context. I'm struggling to think of an example in recent history where "a coordinated effort by voters" got some meaningful traction in the sense of this article. I'm far from omniscient, though, so this could very well be a huge blind spot in my own news information maintenance. It's amusing how "cost of living" is somehow seen as a reasonable consideration for determining salary but not what rates a customer is charged for the products. How so? The south is extremely hostile (in general; exceptions exist in pockets) to non-whites. It's fairly trivial to overflow a buffer in Rust. I don't consider having to write "unsafe { /* overflow buffer code goes here */}" non-trivial. Rust provides compile-time safety guarantees. Safe code is possible in well-written C, but it can't be proven safe. I think that's a small difference with larger implications: the C code requires more thorough and competent human review for safety. I don't think the "incompetent C programmer writing code that is unsafe and that is always and uniformly bad" is as prevalent as it seems HN does, so I consider even the "human review" implication not that significant. As for better, that is in the eye of the beholder. I've never used embedded ADA, but I've slung my fair share of ADA code in higher level applications. For me, for reasons I couldn't describe, the syntaxes and grammars of C-like languages (C++, Rust) just feel more comfortable. ADA is a fine language, though, and a real pleasure to work with, too (it reminded me a lot of Pascal, which is what I learned in school). Here's something else to consider, however: Rust (core rust, even without the stdlib) provides a fantastic set of built-in abstractions that would require lots of up-front development effort if one used C. We must live in different places in the Bay Area, or else you're not factoring in quality. I have two stores within biking distance (15-20 min or less) and perhaps four in driving distance (same time in city traffic). I'm not counting convenience stores or other similar dives. With one exception (meat) on a quality basis Whole Foods averages out to be the same price as any other store I have shopped at. Meat is the exception because it averages to be about $1/lb more than other grocers. "unsafe" in Rust isn't abuse. It's explicit syntax with compile time effects specifically for the purpose of facilitating unsafe constructs, like direct memory buffer manipulation, required for low level programming. I've never tried the Python or Java equivalents and frankly don't know enough about them to even know whether your comment is accurate or not. Possibly. Depends on the quality of the reviewer and the complexity of the code (as a whole). On average Rust programmers aren't necessarily better than programmers using any other language. If history is a guide then if Rust takes off there will be plenty of terrible, buggy, unsafe and very thoroughly reviewed Rust code out there used in popular, widely used applications or services. I find the notion that "explicit unsafe makes bugs less likely" to be suspect. It seems reasonable, almost tautological at first glance. But theory and practice are different animals. On the other hand $100/wk now + interest is worth more than a $5k bump some months from now distributed over the following 12 months. The $5k bump has to be figured over more than one year, unless of course it's an instant raise. One wouldn't, generally, at least in the astrophysics domain. The kinds of guarantees Rust makes don't add anything. Arithmetic in these contexts is done with floats. Any errors that would result in signed arithmetic issues would thrash so many other things about the problem that protections against UB would rarely be an issue. It's a legitimate possible use case, but not one to justify a choice in one language over another. And your point about Fortran is great. I used that and C++ for my research and never once encountered an issue that Rust's guarantees would have helped with. Those folks aren't the target of ads in general, either. One should learn C if one wants to enter the world of highly resource constrained computing. Once the community matures and the ecosystem matures I'd recommend Rust for that domain, if they are serious about competing at the systems level. C++ can do constrained resources better than C, it really depends on the context. In general, C will almost always be usable, though, even in cases where the use of C++ doesn't add anything because of severe constraints. For Rust, I agree 100%, and that's why I qualified my statement the way I did. It's too immature a language used mainly by people who are vested in it and few others. I have been under the impression that structuring a system to use AWS with portability in mind ends up costing as much or more than optimizing the structure for AWS such that one is effectively locked-in at scale. That's a trade-off that has to be factored in to a decision. I mean granted I've only done rough guesstimates for some toy applications for myself and some friends and family, so I could be totally off base here. If "It's not that the other person is lazy or "doesn't love the web"." then why is it "reasonable to take that into account?" Those two sentiments seem to contradict each other. The real problem here is that there is now yet another terrible signal being used as a measure of acceptability in the vetting and interview process. "Have some GitHub/GitLab/etc profiles" is in the same category as "give the most personable person in the office promotions and raises". > Sorry, it's not at all in the same category, because it's actual output of work. Being able to look at actual code written by the person you're considering hiring is a really great measure of noacceptability. Unless you have a way to verify the source of the code is the candidate with some level of confidence this isn't different from picking the office peacock for promotion. > If you are considering two candidates, who seem more or less equal on every level, but one has an extensive amount of published good quality code and the other does not, it's less risk to hire the one with code. How is it less risk, assuming one came to the "equal on every level" decision by some means that evaluates their proficiency reasonably well? The only thing having self-published code signals is a willingness and desire to have one's code public. I haven't seen an actual argument justifying your assertion regarding risk. I think the parent's point is that he's built his company on a VC-backed foundation. Not saying it's valid (I have no clue about this business or how it's built), but it seems he's trying to say this is a bit like Space-X claiming to be beating NASA at space travel. Mark Zuckerberg had "lots of cash" compared to most folks (his father, a wealthy dentist, and his father's friends bankrolled Mark's business). He's not the best example to use when it comes to "bootstrapping." That may be technically true but in practice and rhetoric "unsafe" is often used in contexts with much broader, implicit connotations. For example, putting Rust-compiler-proven-safety as the top, first, or best feature to consider. In that context, saying "C++ isn't Rust-safe" is essentially defining Rust to be "better", not advancing a coherent argument that it is in fact better. Conjecture: the majority (by far, probably on the order of 75%-80% or more) of programming and engineering problems to be solved in a typical company or typical application will not see significant differences in performance by selecting a naive implementation. For example, in your string concatenation example, the naive solution is good enough except in situations where large numbers of strings are to be concatenated in a given run, or the strings are huge, etc., relative to the compute environment. Does it really matter if one uses an O(n^2) solution when a few dozen (or even a few hundred) such operations are applied on "small enough" strings in a given execution on modern computer hardware? No, it just doesn't. Select candidates who are keenly interested in and knowledgeable about algorithms for positions where it's important (i.e. part of the regular course of development), not because of that slight chance there is one edge case where one adjustment to a more efficient algorithm might possibly be useful at some indeterminate point in the future. > The attitude that really basic Computer Science concepts like algorithms and algorithmic complexity are irrelevant is exactly why software projects are so frequently FUBAR. You must mean "some software projects" and not "frequently." And who's proud of ignorance? Ignorance of what? And, what's more, why should it be considered a negative if someone isn't concerned, or even is proud, about ignorance of certain things. I haven't worked at any of these companies so I wouldn't know how often they're performing these computations. My conjecture is broad, of course, and a statistical suggestion at that: it seems unobjectionable to claim that for some companies the "typical application" lives in the 20%-25% "outlier" region most of the time. Well, sure but one person's "basic" is another's "esoteric," and "when you do" is something I think is relatively infrequent. I cared deeply about this sort of thing when I was writing code for HPC modeling of physical systems, but in very specialized and narrow context. Since I've left academia I have rarely encountered a problem where understanding implementation details behind complexity was really necessary. Knowing the typical time and space complexity for an algorithm (without even understanding one bit about the implementation details) in a given category might be considered too trivial to be even basic, but I submit it's about the most "advanced" piece of knowledge for what a typical engineer really must know to write good, high quality and performant enough code. Most can get by using a given language's library implementation of an "obvious" data structure and naive algorithms around it. For example, in Python, the "obvious" structure to map keys to values is a dict, and iteration over the keys or item tuples is a typical access pattern. An engineer doesn't need to know whether the dict insert or lookup is amortized O(1) or any other value, and he doesn't need to know the space required is O(n), etc. In almost every case he's likely to put it to use for the dict is fine. "Good" and "necessary" are different things, though. I consider it "good" to know as much as possible about things I'm interested in. I don't consider it "necessary." That isn't how it works. The folks talking these "gig economy" jobs do it because they don't see other options being viable. They aren't casual upper-middle-class folks with reasonable incomes looking to fill their idle hours with side-work doing grocery shopping. The presence or absence of tips may influence some, but not all, and I'd speculate not the majority. These are common mistakes novices to multithreaded programming make, presented and explained well. Very nice. In my experience another mistake made by novices and journeymen alike (at least occasionally by the latter) is to reach for this tool without careful consideration of whether it's even necessary. I'm not sure why this is getting downvotes. I think some folks try to leverage this tool because they think it's "more performant" or "an optimization" or whatever and the result is some questionable threading code. Concurrent programming is hard and complicated , even in languages with superior safety guarantees, especially for non-trivial, non-toy implementations. The harder it is to implement a solution, the more care and consideration for whether it's necessary or some less difficult or complex solution might suffice instead, in my opinion. My only experiences with Wix websites have been completely negative. Slow load times, non-functional interfaces, menus and the like and terrible designs (as in, presentation layout and formatting of graphics and other objects) have been the norm for me. It's cheap, and folks are getting what they pay for. I feel terrible for the employees there who aren't part of the mess that management created. Not so much for the management or investors. This industry (it's mainly in the Bay area and "startup culture" in general, but it exists outside it as well) is rife with intolerant, sexist, ego-driven boys in adult male bodies. It's well past time to correct that problem. Agreed. The behavior Uber has been called-out for is childish, cruel, and strongly indicative of a need for mature supervision. That this supervision didn't exist reflects poorly on the VCs: they are either so hands-off they don't know what's going on in the company they've invested millions of dollars in or so callous as to not care. That's a separate issue from this. One I have mixed feelings about, because in general employees, even software sector employees in the Bay Area, have less choice and agency when it comes to employment than the capital owning class has. So while they are helping a company break the law I'm not so quick to make them accomplices per se. That phrasing is a bit unfortunate ("Babysitting...women partners and board members would help"). Do you mean that having more women partners and board members will bring a different perspective on leadership, or that women are better suited to babysitting the man-child types that infest the industry? I'm hoping you're using "your" to refer to Uber employees and shareholders. I'm not either of those things. I can't really agree or disagree with you. You make some valid points, but I think it's also valid to note that employees--even ones who sign up with Uber going forward--generally haven't as much choice and that some of them, at least, are signing on for lack of alternatives. Harassment of men in sexual ways is less reported or taken less seriously, in part, because the culture of sexism against women reinforces that male victims of the practice are somehow lesser. Also, plenty of sex-stereotyping that rises to the level of an "ism" is generally positive for men ("big strong man help me move this " or "big virile man you have a beautiful wife"--a doubly sexist trope--and so on). So while I agree we shouldn't reserve concern only for women, we must also not present the issue as though it is somehow equivalent or equally applied. The fact is that sexism against women is far and away the majority case. We shouldn't choose to address one concern over the other if they were equivalent, but in this case focusing efforts on combating sexism against women will also work to reduce sexism against men naturally. So it's a win-win to focus on and prioritize combating sexism against women. I just can't get worked up about this. Had these "news" organizations been doing their jobs I might be more concerned. As it stands this is just elevating one group of propaganda orgs over others. The difference between what Trump has done here and what prior administrations did is the publicity and brazen transparency around it. I find it amusing that people think this is somehow a terrible, ominous event. This is a trifling thing compared to the egregious ethical violations and corruption, especially around information dissemination through the press, that has existed in this institution for decades. The most interesting and concerning thing about it is the apparent weight given to these briefings. Except in very rare circumstances (e.g. killing of OBL, some attack like 9/11), these things are basically just PR displays by the administration. They serve no newsworthy purpose. Now if only an actual Press Corps existed in this country. They have only just started being critical of an administration. Prior to Trump they basically played the "access" game: they would eschew doing genuinely tough journalistic investigation in exchange for having access to high profile politicians in interviews and other situations. This isn't a liberal or conservative thing (I'm far to the left of this country's mainstream). Even the stuff they're going after Trump for is shallow obvious things, mainly because of the shallow obvious ways that Trump lies and otherwise acts poorly. On the other hand, in America both parties have moved to the right at a clip. The Nixon administration was to the left of Obama (and Clinton) on a good number of the most high-profile social and economic issues we face today. This country's "center" is firmly in the right-authoritarian section of a political compass. There is nothing in the article that I haven't personally witnessed from colleagues (not at Uber--I have no connection of any sort to that company) in the past, so I wouldn't call it "rampantly ridiculous." This is perhaps an extreme, but it certainly falls within the range of behaviors I've seen other men engage in, and that my wife and other female friends and acquaintances have described to me as having happened to them. Some of the responses to that article express a sentiment that women should fight back and not just silently take it. I wonder (doubt) if they've ever been abused. It's hard for someone who has been abused to come forward, let alone stand up to an abuser. Besides, men outnumber women in tech by a very large margin. It's on our shoulders to help women fight back. Strength in numbers is a thing, and having men who speak up on their own, and who support and reinforce women who come forward can only a be a good thing. I took their comments to mean directly to the abuser in a more aggressive way than "please stop" or even "that's not appropriate." But you're right: in any adult, rational sense she "fought back." Yeah, and when I taught I'd regularly have some female students come to office hours in revealing clothes or try to sit closer than others and so on. Two things occur to me: 1) neither of those things means those students were engaging in "flirting their way to favor": maybe, just maybe, they were dressing comfortably for them or they absorbed our discussion better by sitting closer and my biases and (mis-?)perceptions were at work; 2) even if they were "flirting," as a responsible adult male it was my responsibility to ignore it, or even raise a concern if I felt it were intentional and damaging to the student-teacher relationship. Yes, that is another possibility. Which was my point: even at the time it never occurred to me to interpret their dress or behavior as being flirtatious with me. This should be the default consideration for adult men to have. Nah, I wasn't clear enough in the original comment. I've worked for more than 10 years in this industry, half out and half in SV (roughly), similarly regarding established vs startups. There is a noticeable difference on both axes. Generally my (purely anecdotal, obviously) experience is that places in the Valley and startups tend to attract more "brogrammer" types than places outside the valley or that are established companies. This is great, but let's have some perspective, please. SpaceX is the beneficiary of decades of research in engineering and basic science by the US government. They aren't making this achievement as a result of their own original effort or even funding (NASA provided a significant portion of the funding). I don't think it is fair to compare the SpaceX plan with China's (who have almost certainly had to acquire the expertise from a starting position far, far behind where SpaceX started). This is a tough subject. I don't believe deep understanding of algorithms and data structures is necessary for the vast majority of engineering tasks. Most (almost all) engineers can get by understanding complexity notation and a matrix comparing time/space complexity for various algorithms and data stuctures, no memorization required. And even that is overkill, as most of time the "natural" one suggested by a problem will suffice. For example, "I need to map keys to value, so I'll use the Python dict class" will get the job done with acceptable performance almost every time. Whiteboard interviewing based on these things isn't useful unless the candidate is being considered for a position in which knowing these things is fundamentally necessary (e.g. they'll be responsible for developing new algorithms or squeezing out the last 10% of optimization available). On the other hand, substituting requirements for having public code profiles, and the assortment of take-home projects, in-office projects, pair programming to solve a problem the company is facing (especially if unpaid) is just as bad, for different reasons. And certainly not asking technical questions is problematic. I just don't know what the solution is. It's one of those things where I know a bad interview when I see it. Yes, implemented in Rust. My opinion is: not necessarily, and probably unlikely. Airflow and Luigi are overkill unless you have a certain level of complexity in your system. For perspective, the company I work at has tried both (as in we built products using each, and the one with Luigi is still in use). We operate on data in the However they are both very nice tools, and it's easy to see how they can help reduce complexity overall with very large numbers of distributed mostly-static task graphs. If that's how you consume/transform your files and data, either tool might be worth looking into. The media does not have a "hard left" bias. They have a "hard profit" bias. The most recent example is the 2016 election, in which they used an orange haired fascist and a right-leaning, conservative "new Democrat" to amplify their entertainment driven ratings (and ad revenue). I'm a bit torn by this. On the one hand Uber is a terrible company exploiting people desperate enough to sell themselves in the "gig economy" and breaking all manner of laws in the process. On the other hand I remember my friends and neighbors being abused by police and our "justice" system on a near daily basis as I grew up so it's hard for me to muster much sympathy when their efforts are thwarted. To me this looks like two powerful entities engaged in a game of slap-fight that ultimately disregards folks of lesser social and economic means. Outside the Valley and startup culture most companies looking for software developers in the US view a tenure of less than two years as being short, and a series of them indicates "job hopping." I'm not commenting on whether that's a good or bad thing, because good or bad it's simply the way it is. It varies from place to place. What you describe is, here in the US, generally called "adverse possession," but frequently it requires the "squatter", as you call it, to make his intention to take ownership known (e.g. by placing a document in writing with the local government department that keeps real property documents). I see nothing wrong with this. Private property ownership is protected by the government, but almost always predicated on the assumption that the property will be put to use to the people it grants ownership to. Owners have the right to let their properties sit idle, but not without risk. This is a good thing: property is a finite (often arbitrarily and unfairly divided) resource. In my view owners have an obligation to put their property to use, and if I had the power to do so I'd make having idle property financially onerous (at best). I'm experiencing this in my current job, and it's a bit demoralizing. It seems "agile" has been internalized to some extent to mean "start writing code on day 1 or else we're basically doing waterfall which sucks," too.