"Google's name still comes up when any evil corporate behavior is discussed in any nerd community (not so much non-nerd groups) because of that great catch phrase, especially when Microsoft is mentioned." I think it was Cringely who said something like: "Microsoft's slogan is similar to Google's, but slightly different. Be evil." They didn't bother to ask you whether you already knew RoR? Or they're willing to pay you to learn it? I want to know how you pulled this off. Skimming the article, I don't see how it's feasible to ethically engineer a "human equivalent intelligence". The author talks about engineering a toddler level intelligence, the reasoning being that the toddler program would not be capable of figuring out a way to "escape" its box and getting into mischief that humans would be unable to control or prevent. But the thought of "turning off" a toddler equivalent makes me queasy. Will the toddler think it is a person? What an awful, worse-than-Truman's-World-nightmare it would be for that "toddler" to find out the truth. Could we ethically "turn off" such a program? Even if it knows that it is not human, if it is truly equivalent to a toddler it is almost certain to introduce some kind of ethical quandries we cannot possibly predict before the program actually exists. I do not see any safe way to pursue this project and successfully avoid ethical landmines. I am also troubled by the vaguely utopian hopes this man has for his personal project. Attempts by people to implement any kind of utopian vision tend to end badly. Wil Shipley on unit tests: http://wilshipley.com/blog/2005/09/unit-testing-is-teh-suck-urr.html I think what he's saying is unit tests don't add much if you are doing UI type development. It is hard to write unit tests for UIs (web or GUI), so if most of your code is UI code, don't bother. However, if you are writing a library that will be used by a lot of coders, unit tests are probably indispensable. Otherwise, you would never be able to make even simple architecture or design changes (refactoring). If you have a wife and/or family, keeping the day job can very well be the most responsible thing to do. As far as I know, this is largely an American (U.S.) phenomenon. I don't think many other countries have the kind of disparity between managers and other employees that American corporations have. I have also read analyses suggesting compensation is often influenced by the fact that board members are usely CEOs of other companies who know that their compensation will go up if the compensation of other CEOs go up. If true, that would qualify as "sinister" in my judgement. $600 + ($60 x 24) = $2,040 (including minimum two year contract) So you misunderestimated the actual price. The hole will be shaped something like this: http://www.johnlewis.com/jl_assets/product/230404933.jpg As a parent of young kids, this was the most terrifying part of the article, if this trend continues. You mean my kids will still be living in my house after college, and I'll be expected to go to job interviews and negotiations with them? Bought by Compaq. http://news.com.com/2100-1001-207442.html When our kids play room is filled with a mess of toys, they mostly ignore all of them and act bored. If those toys are put into storage in the basement and just a select few toys are chosen to leave out, they show a lot more interest in those toys. We have also decided to hold an annual yard sale with other families on our street to get rid of as much stuff as possible every year. But you might want to start looking for your next gig before the paychecks actually stop. There seem to be more references to Lisps (Common Lisp + Scheme) in that thread than this one. Has anyone previously using a Lisp for your startup since abandoned it? What were the reasons? The best summation of Searle's argument I've heard went something like "When you run a simulation of a rain storm, nothing gets wet. So if you run a simulation of a brain, does any 'thinking' happen?" Of course it's just word games. But it is equally word games to say that a machine 'thinks'. We use thinking to describe certain processes that happen in human brains, so to say that machines 'think' is really just a sort of metaphor. And if you think this is overly pedantic when discussing the possibility of the Singularity, consider this question. If someone told you that your brain could be 'uploaded' into a computer and run as a program that for all intents and purposes would be 'you' except much smarter and immortal, would you be willing to go through with this process if it were irreversible and your current brain were destroyed as part of the process? Just what is 'you' anyway? "Intelligence is fundamentally an information processing function." You can certainly define "intelligence" this way. But does it make sense to say "the human brain is an information processing function"? It's a non-sequitur. A brain can process information. A machine can process information. Does that make the brain and an information processing machine QUALITATIVELY the same thing? "Here's the real question: When you run a simulation of a Turing machine, does any computation happen?" If a simulation of a human brain receives a simulated stimulation of the appearance of his beloved, does the simulation's heart beat faster? Does the simulation maybe start sweating a little? Does the simulation experience all the little physiological changes that the non-simulated human experiences? A human brain is part of an organism, and I don't think it's a useful metaphor to call a human being a computation engine. I suppose you could theoretically simulate everything about the world in which real human beings exist and then at that point claim the simulation is qualitatively the same as what is simulated. But just how exact does your simulation have to be to make that claim? Down to the quantum level? Will even the singularity produce that kind of computing power in the near future? Even then, are the things in the simulation qualitatively the same as the things in our world? Notice all the question marks? Searle is engaging in philosophy, and I think many quantitative types have a hard time accepting that there may be questions that do not have easy quantitative answers. Which is my point. I don't have the answers, but find Searle's objections worth pondering. Leave it to news.ycombinator to post the answer to my rhetorical question before I finished typing it: http://arxiv.org/PS_cache/quant-ph/pdf/0110/0110141v1.pdf Answering: "But just how exact does your simulation have to be to make that claim? Down to the quantum level? Will even the singularity produce that kind of computing power in the near future? Even then, are the things in the simulation qualitatively the same as the things in our world?" Americans do hate WalMart. But they still shop there. "...but it also doesn't force you to adopt a paradigm. This flexibility is C++'s greatest strength, as well as its greatest weakness." Lisp is mult-paradigm also. I think the difference is that Lisp has a philosophy. The paradigms fit together in a consistent way. For example, Common Lisp has an object system, CLOS. But they implemented it around generic functions, in order to keep the functional programming nature of Lisp intact. Lisp will let you do pretty much anything. But it often gives you a "nudge" in a particular direction. I believe pg points this out in On Lisp; you can write procedural code in Lisp, for example, but the code flows a lot better if you write in a functional style. C++ just seems like a kitchen sink language. Everything is in there somewhere. But it doesn't seem like the parts were designed to fit together in any particular way. Once I completed an essay assignment for a college Shakespeare class, filling in everything I knew the teacher wanted me to say. At the end however, I wrote something like "However, I don't actually believe what I wrote above." When I got the marked essay back, there were lots of positive comments in the margins, until the last paragraph. There the comment was, "Jim, I think we should discuss this." I got an A in that class. I think there was a study that showed that Ivies, MIT, Stanford, etc. are really good at finding and admitting very talented, driven people. However, that same study found that equally talented, driven people who chose to attend a less prestigious school did just as well in their careers as the people who went to the big name schools. So there probably is a correlation between "I went to Harvard." and "I will be successful." But not necessarily causation. http://www.paulgraham.com/icad.html Scroll down to Appendix: Power. The Perl solution is close to the Lisp solution in terms of brevity. The solution in other languages tend to be longer or the problem can't be solved at all. Choice quote: "In the rivalry between Perl and Python, the claim of the Python hackers seems to be that that Python is a more elegant alternative to Perl, but what this case shows is that power is the ultimate elegance: the Perl program is simpler (has fewer elements), even if the syntax is a bit uglier." Interesting conclusion. He seems to be arguing that Microsoft was brought to heel by the marketplace, and that the court proceedings against it were redundant and counter productive. And now the same is true for Apple. You can't beat them with lawsuits, only by making better products. I'm not so sure, though, that the lawsuits MSFT faced had no effect on the marketplace outcomes we're now seeing. Would PC vendors be so quick to put Linux on PCs if MSFT wasn't being monitored by the US DOJ and probed non-stop by the EU? But of course: "The record of the Vice Fund has not been without blemishes. Its founder, Richard A. Sapio, and two other executives at the fund's advisory firm, Mutuals.com, were accused in 2003 of securities-related fraud and in 2004 of conspiracy to commit securities fraud, wire fraud and mail fraud." Maybe the kind of thing you should think about before investing in something proudly calling itself "The Vice Fund". upmodded you, but they're called MacBooks now. Aquamacs is a pretty good crutch if you want to wean yourself off of standard keyboard shortcuts slowly. Basically, 'Cmd' + key does the Emacs thing most closely corresponding to the usual thing a Mac program would do. Cmd-O for Open, Cmd-X to cut, etc. This works because the main Emacs key combinations use Ctrl, of course. There's several questions in there related to probability. I think that's pretty important to a lot of what Google does. Maybe the most important part of the article for would be straight, single, male ycombinators is this: "I mentioned by way of contrast that I am in the "software business." Now, I love what I do for a living, but really, generally speaking, the occupation does not bring me into contact with a lot of attractive and available young women. It is nothing like, say, being a photographer, a marketing or media exec, a fashion designer, a yoga instructor or a lifeguard. There are probably a hundred other such occupations. Better than all of them must be, "straight male ballet dancer" or running a dance company." Maybe you should all be starting your own dance company instead of a software start up? All made possible by 6000 packages of ramen noodles provided by pg: "And Paul Graham gives them another 6000 boxes of instant noodles to eat, so they stay in business another three years perfecting things." "While CPUs are getting faster and RAM is growing like crazy, bandwidth is not growing..." ...in the U.S. "Unless maybe you've done lots of SWT/Swing programming, then you will at least have a general understanding on how to layout stuff graphically and use event listeners." Now I DEFINITELY don't want to use GWT. "All you have to do is convince users to download your C++ app that DOES contain a Ruby interpreter and runs in the background..." Good luck with that. "Hey, if it gets them laid..." Good luck with that. I like this quote: "To this day, most philosophers suffer from Plato's disease: the assumption that reality fundamentally consists of abstract essences best described by words or geometry. (In truth, reality is largely a probabilistic affair best described by statistics.)" "...the Economist is probably the best (IMHO) news source out there..." I'm also always impressed by how evenly they cover the globe. There are sections for Europe, Asia, Africa, the Americas, etc. of roughly equal weight. And features often cover the economic impact of an event around the world, not just a specific country or region. A great way to get a feel for what's really happening outside your little part of the planet. "Having paid the fine, the parents no longer felt as bad about being late." It became paid babysitting. "My posts are too long." In this case, no. "Or that this reality is a computer simulation and we wake up in a bigger computer simulation where we get bored sometimes and choose to spend lifetimes during interesting periods of time." "Either of these are much more likely than the eternal afterlife of a theistic god..." What's the difference between these two? ""We think the future is going to be software plus services," Darren Strange, senior product manager for Microsoft Office, said. "There are some things which thick client [Microsoft's favoured model, where PCs are linked to a central server but can operate independently] is better at than [web-based services] X offline use being a big one." The need for off-line access to data is shrinking every day. Many people simply can't do their job without a network connection. "You also can't create the richness of an application like Word through a thin client [where a user's PC is effectively a dumb terminal and the processing of data is done elsewhere]". Why not? Maybe not today, but next year, five years from now? Items get checked off the "can't do that in a browser" list every day. "Our smartest people are looking at mash-ups [where several online tools are fused together to create new ones] and web 2.0-type applications [which focus on online tools that allow users to collaborate and share information]". They're just LOOKING INTO mash-ups and Web 2.0 applications now? Isn't the industry looking for a Web 3.0 model already? Have you ever seem most managers give a presentation? Enough said I think. :-) "If the idea is "lets make a better search engine that uses a unique ranking system based on links to estimate the popularity of any given page" then I'd say the idea is worth something." Not without a working implementation, no. "The probable difference between ConnectU and Facebook? Facebook spammed all of Harvard to get its initial traction, ConnectU didn't." Right. Execution. I like this idea: "This could take the form of reserving a modest number of places in the freshman class -- say 5 percent to 10 percent -- for applicants who, having met a high academic threshold, would be selected at random. While the admissions office would know the identities of the students admitted by lottery, no one else -- not faculty, not employers and not the students themselves -- would." I agree with the author that it would be a good way to assess if the more involved admissions process selected higher quality students. "Us high-end types will be as vulnerable as assembly-line workers." I think this is the most insightful statement in the article. I keep hearing "yes, but the high end tasks will remain here" from every proponent of overseas outsourcing. Why? Indian people and Chinese people and I'm sure people from lots of other countries are just as smart as us and often highly educated. There is absolutely no reason they can't do so called "high end tasks" as well as we can. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p2uIJqqOlQw I'm not sure that racism is worthy of deep contemplation. "And as biased and prejudiced as this may sound, I've found that workers from India and China often have "shake-and-bake" qualifications...." I suspect that's due to the rapid growth of the software development industry there. Allegedly similar things happened during the dot boom here in the 90s, when there was so much demand for software that many unqualified and under-qualified people were hired. On the other hand, there was a Wall Street Journal article recently (much discussed here, I think) about how the best developers in India can command salaries closer to their Silicon Valley counterparts than the typical Indian IT salary. Perhaps "you get what you pay for" applies? "someone who apparently has a Masters in IT yet doesn't understand that "var1 = textfiedl1 + textfield2" is NOT something I want to see in proper VB.Net code?" I suspect you can find similar code from American developers. The only difference is that over here a lot of the less dedicated programmers have left the field and so now we have their Indian counterparts doing the same low quality work for less money. "Nevermind that I swear I heard him utter "wow, that's genius" when I cobbled together a session-based auth script.... ugh." If the article's portrayal of "Honey" is indicative, he may have been just trying to stroke your ego. :) "Real-world experience is more important than qualifications." No argument there. Best quote: ""Lead" is ... the present-tense verb meaning "not doing any coding"" I suspect the use of italics indicate sarcasm. "If SQL was so great, why in the heck there is so many ORM frameworks out there?" Uh, isn't that an argument FOR the popularity of relational DBs? There would be no need for ORM tools if there weren't lots of R databases that programmers need to interface with. To turn your rhetorical question around "Why haven't OO databases become popular if that's what so many people really need?" "How about actually having the database start evolving just like programing languages have?" What's stopping you from solving this problem? Sounds like a great entrepreneurial opportunity. Maybe you could submit a YC application. I think Ellison and the Oracle guys consulted for years in order to eat while working on their relational technology until they thought they were close enough to go for it and drop the consulting and bet everything on the database as a product. Maybe you could take a similar approach? I'll bite. We likely have more information about product quality than at any time in history through the Internet. This is also an argument for allowing legal action like the class action lawsuit to discourage faulty and negligent craftsmanship. Although, if that is an argument for or against market forces I'm not sure. Here are some contrarian positions (to go with those already presented): The article currently refers to "a society's wealth" but not the distribution thereof. The American economy has grown significantly since 2000, for example, but the median wage has not. Is there any point to a growing economy when the median citizen is not benefiting from it? There is a brief mention of the irrationality of voters who do not trust increasing market forces as a means of solving health care problems. However, one can argue that we have a more market based health care system than the systems of Western Europe, for example, but worse health outcomes. How can we be sure, then, that increasing market forces even more will improve the situation? Or as expressed by Glenn Reid, quoted in the article: "A markup language is predicated on the idea that the markup is an exception in a river of text." "...such as the centralization of files..." This one is huge. Edit your files at any time from any computer. Your friends, co-workers and collaborators can edit the same documents, even at the same time from different places. With a single history of revisions. Backups taken care of for you (maybe you don't trust google on this but they probably do a better job backing up data than the majority of the computer using population). This one thing alone changes the entire paradigm of document creation, sharing, etc. A lot of people study Japanese, think Japan is really cool, and would enjoy living there, I think. I think Korea is behind Japan in these trends but catching up. I do agree, though, that Japan does have a reputation of being not very inviting to foreigners that is to some degree deserved. I don't know as much about S. Korea in this regard. Japan could probably do much to solve some of their looming economic problems (low birth rate and rapidly aging population, for example) by allowing more people to immigrate and integrate into Japanese society and culture. Especially entrepreneurial, technology loving types who could contribute a lot to Japan's high tech economy. "In grad school, I remember having the realization that every discipline has it's own little shorthand lingo. I remember thinking about how confusion can result when there are clashes/overlaps in, for example, acronyms." I've long ago lost track of all the different meanings I've run into for the word "feature", for example. Practitioners of various academic disciplines (or even in the same discipline but for a different theory) use this term for all kinds of things with absolutely no connection to each other. I nominate this for most overloaded academic term. Any other nominees? "I believe Ballmer is just too smart for most people to understand and he uses his own language, he doesn't care if others understand..." So he's Humpty Dumpty. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Humpty_dumpty#References_in_pop... Starter Pack is another effort that addresses some of the noted deficiencies in Common Lisp. http://weitz.de/starter-pack/ Technically, the whole project including GUI installer only works on LispWorks. However, the selection of libraries makes a good approximation to a CL standard library and it's not too hard to figure out how to install all of them in SBCL or whatever other CL implementation you have. This gets you much closer to the starting point of a "batteries included" language like Python. If every CL implementation in the world simply bundled all of the libraries in Starter Pack, a lot of the legitimate criticisms of CL would be solved. (If you are one of those people who just say "too many parentheses", however, there is no help for you.) Looks like pg hurry things up with getting Arc out or Qi will beat it to become the 21st century 100 Year Language. :) "It's just that in our normal efforts of engineering, we've been too constrained to see with such things." Who is he referring to here? Pretty much any CS or ECE student will encounter the Turing machine at some point. Wolfram talks like he is the only one aware of something that I'm sure is common knowledge among the "normal" engineers responsible for creating the computing machines we use every day. Then we can all use our iPhones on the Verizon network without jailbreaking them! That is, if I had an iPhone... "A lot of the 'value' in a language is its network of users." I wish Common Lisp programmers would realize that. Many are outwardly hostile to the very idea of their language becoming popular with the barbaric hordes of uncivilized Java and C# and PHP programmers. Well, those that post on comp.lang.lisp that is. I suspect the Common Lisp "community" is one of the reasons pg is developing Arc. This is what happens when you take a working e-commerce site written in Lisp and rewrite it in C++. "There are a lot of dumb people that are millionaires." But are there a lot of dumb people who BECOME millionaires, without winning the lottery? "Besides private school, they could live somewhere else, or homeschool." What if both parents work? What if everywhere else they can afford to live has public schools just as bad? "If marketing is what matters, how did Java (in its C# incarnation) displace Visual Basic?" Java had outstanding marketing. It caught the .com wind in its sails and managed to get the industry press all talking about how this platform independent language was going to replace all the platform specific development environments. My take on why Common Lisp is not more popular: http://programming.reddit.com/info/1z8b8/comments/c1zbhh I think they are also for fixing other people's bad code. If you diligently refactor as you go, by replacing repeated code with functions or macros, you don't need a complicated tool to do it. However, if you have inherited some code where the preferred reuse method is copy paste, this is much more risky. You need to be sure that you got all of the cases and that you don't inadvertently break anything. This is yet another reason to start a startup instead of getting a "real job" :). Chicken, egg? "In criminal matters, law enforcement is experienced in separating legitimate tips from unsubstantiated fears, and allocating resources accordingly; we should expect no less from them when it comes to terrorism." I don't think you can expect untrained citizens to distinguish between false alarms and something genuinely concerning. However, it is asinine for a trained police officer to then investigate, find nothing, and arrest someone anyway. There needs to be consequences for anyone in a position of authority for arresting an innocent person simply to cover their own posteriors. Wonder how Microsoft feels about this? Is that Facebook investment still worth as much as they paid for it? Looks like Google is consistently a few steps ahead of them whatever they do. http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=6304687408656696643 Seconded. Don't remember the last time I went to the ER for myself. With 2 boys in the house (now 3 and 5) we had a stretch of 3 visits to the ER in one year. You are speaking based on a gut feeling, and the article cites what appears to be pretty thorough research and investigation into actual, real life geniuses and what they had in common. I know which I'm going to put more stock in. This is clearly addressed in the article. "Studies of chess masters and highly successful artists, scientists and musicians usually find their IQs to be above average, typically in the 115 to 130 range, where some 14 per cent of the population reside - impressive enough, but hardly as rarefied as their achievements and abilities." For example. I suspect that the researchers cited in the article might point out people who demonstrated aptitude like Yano's and yet did not achieve as much as someone who had less aptitude but worked harder. There is some baseline of innate aptitude required for excellence, but among people surpassing that baseline hard work is what distinguishes them; that is the hypothesis proffered in the article. As for Mozart, the point was that even he had to put in over 10 years of work before producing his best work. But, because he started at 3 he got there at a really early age. I think the elephant in the living room ignored in this debate is: Median wages in the U.S. are falling. Full stop. Mr. Aron keeps saying "so get out of IT and do something else". But except for a small and shrinking number of people, wages have been stagnant for the last 7 years. There are a handful of people soaking up all of the growth in our economy. So there's a good chance that even if you do pick something besides IT, you don't have a very good future ahead of you in the United States. Unless you are already rich, in which case the future prospects of getting even richer look very bright. I think startups are a good solution to this problem (not just software, but taking advantage of the ease of incorporating, marketing, communicating, outsourcing etc. enabled by technology). But I am concerned about how well it scales. In startups, the best competitor in a market can take almost all of the growth and profits for itself and leave little for everyone else. Are there enough startup niches out there to provide a living for everyone in a country with 300 million people? Otherwise, look for more peasants with torches and pitchforks demanding a more socialist/communist economic model. (ps Yes, this is all my observations from my perspective living in the U.S. but I am curious if people in other developed countries face similar issues and how they are dealing with it.) Did anyone else notice this on the same site? http://www.newartisans.com/blog_files/ready.lisp.on.osx.php Zero fuss way to get started with Common Lisp on Mac OS X. Aquamacs bundled with SBCL, launches immediately into REPL at startup. I will recommend this to anyone who wants to learn Lisp on the Mac. "But at some point, if you want to build Web apps, you are going to have to learn to install software and set up a database and really learn to use a code editor." Why? I mean, yes, you absolutely have to have those skills today. But for a lot of uses, this service, if it actually works would be more than adequate. And there is a "code editor" in the demos. Probably not a very good one, yet, but I bet it gets a lot better quickly. Saying "you can't do web development in a web browser" is like saying "you can't run office applications in a web browser" or "you can't edit photos in a web browser". Every day those "can't do in a web browser" items get whittled away a little more. Having said that, perhaps you're getting at "leaky abstractions"? There will always be something that you need to tweak, as a developer, that the development environment hasn't made accessible to you. That is certainly true, but I think that could become the exception more and more, and day to day development could happen in a web development environment. Developing in the exact same environment in which your app is running certainly raises interesting possibilities. When they all started writing for the web. Not sure exactly when that was, though, day and date. Hmm, so where does Joel's NewSDK fit into this analogy? http://www.joelonsoftware.com/items/2007/09/18.html It looks like there are (at least) two simultaneous battles going on to establish new APIs. One for cell phone hardware. One for "web applications". Interesting that Google is heavily invested in both. DaniFong addresses that here: "Learn everything from first principles, and when something looks wrong, bring it up." Maybe not fulfilling all of the requirements for a degree per se, but Phillip Greenspun finds a university a great source of entertainment. "Taking advantage of my location in Cambridge, I have sat in on some classes at MIT in Atmospheric Physics, Biology, and Geology. I also teach a software engineering lab course at MIT every three or four semesters (textbook). But for me, the university has mostly been a source of entertainment; I have never looked to it as a source of income." http://philip.greenspun.com/careers/women-in-science (Appendix E) So the compelling reason might not be that getting a degree will impress other people, but that learning is a fun and enriching experience. Yes, there are dead trees in libraries, but lectures, being able to ask questions to someone who is an expert in what you want to learn, and collaborating with peers who also want to learn are difficult to duplicate with only dead trees. "I think that what sets me apart from the masses isn't in hardware (a better brain), but software (beliefs and an outlook more conducive to learning)." From your list of accomplishments, I suspect one of the skills that sets you apart is your time management capabilities. Otherwise commonly known as self-discipline. "I like to think that I'm on the billionaire path." It's not clear that there is any billionaire path. Multi-millionaire, sure. There are lots of ways to achieve that through skill and hard work. But the billionaire path is being on the multi-millionaire path, having an extremely rare opportunity serendipitously present itself to you, recognizing it, and then making a long series of good decisions without any major missteps. There is a lot on that path you have not control over. Talent, effort, and even wisdom are probably not enough to keep you on it by themselves. "and then this easy class to finish off my minor), I slept on most of it, yet I managed to show up in tests and (to my suprise) got a B." The classes I think are easy are the ones that scare me. I've had a couple experiences where I thought a class was not going to be challenging and ended up with a worse grade than classes where the material was harder. "PS: I am of the opinion that anyone completing a four-year degree with a 4.0 grade point average did not get their money's worth out of college." I am reminded that Bill Gates would find ways to take graduate courses that interested him that he did not have the prerequisites for and argue with the professor from the first day of class. Not the most efficient path to getting a high GPA, but likely a good way to learn a lot in a short period of time. What do you think is important? Basketball. "As for the dripping with egotism bit, that is an interesting problem." Maybe he needs someone with more life experience who is experienced at writing for the web to advise him on how not to "drip" his egotism quite so much while still communicating his point. Maybe even someone with a past business relationship with Aaron who he might respect. Not to name names or anything. :) Of the ones I've read, I think e-rage has the best chance of actually catching on. You should send it to Dr. Knuth. I thought that one was pretty tame. "And what did he talk about? A screwup by a restaurant he went to. And how the host worked hard, overhard even, to pacify him about it." ... "Cooling out marks is how institutions persuade people to accept things they think are wrong. The con-man convinces you getting stolen from is OK. Your job convinces you it's OK that they're corrupt. The restaurant persuades you it's OK that they're incompetent." So, if someone at a restaurant makes some kind of mistake, and the host works hard to make it right, it is important to not forgive them and go on holding a grudge, because that would just make you "the mark". I think that's the moral he's putting forth here. And furthermore, you should hold the same kind of grudges against inanimate entities, like "the economy". "Did the economy cheat you, fire you, stick you in some crappy job with a crabby boss? Listen, the motivational speaker explains, it's not the economy's fault." So, remember, the Economy is out to get you! I don't even know what this means. Corporate CEOs, sure. Congress and the President, sure. Illegal immigrants, I suppose you could argue a case there if you really wanted to. But anthropomorphizing the economy seems a little off, to me. Obviously, Aaron is a guy with high intelligence and substantial skill. He played a part in a successful company at a very early age, has contributed some highly praised source code to the open source community, and is still ambitious, idealistic and involved in a lot of things. But reading his blog makes me think he's also a little wacky. But, as pg pointed out, thank God I didn't have a blog that the entire world could read when I was in my early 20s! For the sake of balance, I thought this was really good: http://www.aaronsw.com/weblog/decenttodo How to write software that people want is something Aaron knows about and he expresses himself well on that topic. If you're curious about this, I suggest following the official Joel on Software "The Business of Software" Discussion Forum. http://discuss.joelonsoftware.com/?biz I tend to think of it as "Hacker News for people with a mortgage". "Another lie in this essay is that it was Bernie Greenberg who discovered that Lisp was a good language in which to write Emacs. In fact, I wrote the first Emacs in Lisp, for the Lisp machine, a fact of which Stallman is completely aware. It was afterwards that my close friend Bernie, who was one of the other Symbolics founders, wrote Multics Emacs." "And while IaEURXm setting the record straight, the original (TECO-based) Emacs was created and designed by Guy L. Steele Jr. and David Moon. After they had it working, and it had become established as the standard text editor at the AI lab, Stallman took over its maintenance." Of everything in the article this, if accurate, is the most disappointing to me. I've always thought about RMS that, regardless of what you think of his political views on software, the guy who wrote Emacs must be a great hacker. Although, even if all he accomplished was keeping Emacs free (FSF sense), that's still something. If Emacs had gone proprietary at some point, it surely would have disappeared by now. Am I overreacting here? Is Weinreb downplaying Stallman's part in creating Emacs? Pretty much all software builds on previous software in one way or another, and maybe Stallman took the Emacs that Weinreb describes and made it into something much greater. Can anyone fill in the blanks for me? 1. This sounds an awful lot like the story of NeXt, from making their own custom hardware, to the super advanced software development environment that they eventually tried to sell by itself for other platforms. Too bad there was no struggling, mainstream company to buy them that they could have then taken over from the inside. 2. Half way through, I was thinking, it would be fun to contrast this with ITA as bad and good examples of how to start a Lisp company with a bunch of guys from MIT. And then he says he works at ITA! So, lesson is, if you're going to start a Lisp company, don't make Lisp the product, make it your secret weapon. "For example there could be a list of logged in users to be displayed in the sidebar, or any number of widgets. It seems unnatural to have to gather the data for those in every controller call." Aren't these things conceptually separate views, each having its own controller? However, mentioning MVC and web applications gives me an excuse to engage in nostalgia and once more mourn the passing[1] of WebObjects. It was simple in WebObjects to make any reusable part of a page into its own component. Also, MVC has a much bigger payoff when you have development tools designed to support it. WOBuilder allowed you to graphically build interface components, then just drag connections between properties in your controller object and the widget you wanted to display them in. And not just top level properties, but you could drill down through the relationships of any object (e.g. user.shoppingCart.numberOfItems, Google "key value coding" if interested). (And yes, this is just like Cocoa and Interface Builder, came out of the same technology base originally.) I have yet to see any web development tools[2] that come anywhere close to the productivity enabled by WebObjects. And I didn't even get into the Enterprise Objects Framework... [1] WebObjects is still very much alive inside Apple (iTunes store, Apple Store, pretty much everything Apple does on the web) but for outside developers it is quite dead. The only life support is ant + Eclipse plugins, but that defeats the whole purpose as the development tools were the whole point of WebObjects. [2] Tools as distinct from programming languages. WebObjects was Java, so nothing special there, but real old timers still miss the Objective C version. "If you want something like an animated dancing baby that does different dances depending on your current stock portfolio and can sing out your RSS feeds in different languages..." Hey! How did you find out about my startup idea? How about a pigeon? OK, I'll bite. "Microsoft Power Point is better than 3-fold foam boards. Much. So please don't ask me to use inferior tools. Why should I?" You claim you don't want to use inferior tools, and then claim Microsoft Power Point as a non-inferior tool? BWA-HAHAHAHA! Maybe if she said Keynote I could take her seriously. I also find it amusing that she thinks the fact that she can use Facebook and IM makes her some kind of technological genius. And, no, I don't find an inability to find a book in the library a sign of intelligence. I don't think someone who doesn't think reading books is worthwhile should be making snide comments about other people's intelligence. Just yesterday the NYTimes reported on a study that basically said we're getting dumber because we don't read enough. Not just in reading skills, but even Math and Science. http://www.nytimes.com/2007/11/19/arts/19nea.htm So maybe Gen Y. needs to put down the cell phone, log off of Facebook and start reading a book before their IQ drops any farther than it already has. I'm going to use these for review before the final for my lang and stats 2 class. "Does anyone really assume an exponential growth in the literal sense with users rushing in via some inter-galactic network when all earth users are exhausted?" Some valuations for .com companies at the end of the 20th century did seem to have factored this expectation into their analysis. If you have a Mac, also consider Ready Lisp. http://www.macupdate.com/info.php/id/26203/ready-lisp SBCL bundled with Aquamacs, a version of Emacs designed to integrate with the Mac interface (including Mac keyboard shortcuts). "We really need to get away from arguing for the goodness of languages based on the success of the people using them." I think it devolves into this when you get into a Blub situation. So you want to tell someone: "But it has closures! Macros! Object orientation based on multiple-dispatch generic functions! First class functions!" And you see this stunned, glazed look come across your listener's face. "Well, Paul Graham made a ton of money on it. Peter Norvig wrote great books about Lisp and now runs Google research. Richard Stallman made it the macro language for the greatest editor ever invented [EDITOR'S NOTE: only try this one with committed Emacs users.]. The Guy who wrote much of the spec for Java after James Gosling wrote famous compilers for Lisp dialect and authored the document that defined the Common Lisp standard. The Greatest Computer Science Course Ever taught at MIT uses a dialect of Lisp. A company who is cleaning their competition's clocks in the airline reservation business uses Lisp." Etc. etc. Vernor Vinge: A Fire Upon the Deep http://books.google.com/books?id=UGAKB3r0sZQC&dq=Vernor+... I'm sure his other books are good, too, but this is the only one I've read. I've never seen anyone else able to extrapolate the consequences of entire races advancing past the Singularity and how mortals manage to get by in such a galaxy (if you're able to accept faster-than-light travel as a premise, but he has a very interesting take on even that). A ton of innovative sci-fi ideas in one novel. I was starting to freak out when I thought they were ranking ASP/VBscript ahead of Javascript. Then I realized the list was in alphabetical order. Did you get to the end of the article? The author was employing sarcasm. So you are really in agreement with the author. If the average university has more than 10 professors, they are paying more in wages to professors than head football coaches. And if you figure the total amount paid in tuition in a year across the country, I'm guessing that will be a much larger number than the amount spent on tickets and television rights and merchandising for college football. So, I disagree that professors are a cost center for a university and that, as a society, we invest more overall in head football coaches than in educators. And the board's compensation committee is mainly executives from other companies, who want the executives on their board to also vote them a large pay raise... It is simple collusion among the executive class, insulated from market forces, that determines executive compensation today. Shareholders are largely cut out of the loop. "though I've considered living in a van and traveling the country (which really cuts down on rent--campgrounds run $6-$20/night, with discounted weekly rates)...I might even still do that at some point." Kinda like this guy. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhTsZGK-d0A "After Voltage shipped its first product -- email-security software -- in early 2004, its revenue jumped from $3 million to $9 million in 2005, says the CEO." ... "Mr. Krishnamurthy says Voltage now has more than 400 customers and is generating cash, though it remains unprofitable." $9MM in revenue, and you can't turn a profit? This seems to be a case where the VC's ambitions are lessening the chance of the company succeeding. Maybe customers would be less concerned about the company going under if it was making a profit. Replace "Google" everywhere with "YourCleverDomainNameForAnAccountingApp", and this becomes the elevator pitch for a YC application. Here's as simply as I can put it: I wish I would have taken this course as an undergrad. An argument for learning Python: http://xkcd.com/353/ No mention of library support? True, not much library support for CL, but even less for Scheme, no? The other thing I like about CL is the no-nonsense defmacro. I don't get the whole "hygiene" thing, but it seems like one of those "it's good for you, it builds character" things that tries to keep you from shooting your foot off, and if you're really worried about that you'll be using Java or Haskell anyway. Or am I missing something here? Otherwise agreed. Lisp1 is a clear win and efficient, functional-style recursion is more beautiful than the mess of iteration operators in CL (although loop is beautiful in its own demented way). "but pretty much every bit I have seen (which is not that much) has nothing to do with functional (in the "strict" sense)" CL is the ultimate "multi-paradigm" language. You can program imperatively to your heart's content with progn. CLOS+MOP is perhaps the world's most advanced object oriented system. Meta-programming taken to what would be considered absurd levels in other languages with defmacro. Now, your code will flow more nicely if written in a functional style. But you are definitely right that CL does not restrict you to functional programming. There are a bunch of stories like this about the young Steve Jobs. He would totally ignore protocol and directly ask to speak to the CEO of whatever company he wanted to do business with, even as a college drop out kid. More often than not the CEO in question would recognize a kindred spirit and be pleased to speak with him. Flows nicely with Vladimir Putin being Person of the Year and all. The only difference in being an entrepreneur is you have the privilege of sucking up to customers directly, instead of sucking up to a boss as a proxy. Are there enough attempted terrorist attacks to demonstrate which techniques are and are not effective in stopping them? There are a lot of cancer patients to test potential remedies on, and for control groups, etc. What is the corresponding methodology for terrorist attacks? I've done things like that often enough (putting parens around file contents or each line of an ascii file) that I wonder if it would be worth writing a macro that inserted the parens for you on the fly as you read the file before handing it off to the code you want to execute. I know that was vague, but I just get the feeling I'm often doing something semi-manually in Emacs that my code should be doing for me. Weird. I was just in the middle of watching lecture 3 of Strang's course. I don't think there has been much improvement since the Objective-C version of WebObjects. Like today? I notice that "implement a blog" is the new "Hello World" for introducing a web framework. Uh, it wasn't directed at you. If it was some kind of international forum with a delegate of Americans, granted, that would be pretty annoying. The subtext here is that Republicans have obviously tried to claim that criticism of them is criticism of your country and therefore distasteful. Some liberals, progressives, have responded by taking the bait and basically, saying "Yeah, we do suck. The world should hate us. Etc." While you in the rest of the world may think that statement is exactly correct, for some reason it has not led to electoral success. Obama has been clever enough to side step the whole thing. He has been withering in his criticism of the current administration. At the same time, he has made a theme of not running to be president of only the "blue" parts of this country. And he has backed this up with speeches about issues that, while not changing his more or less standard Democratic positions, express respect for people who disagree with him. So, the spontaneous "U.S.A" chants were directed at both the current administration and its supporters, and whatever parts of the opposition that have given up on this country. It was a way of saying that we can get past partisanship and actually start thinking about doing what we need to do to fix our real problems as a country. And, I did see your smiley. But I thought an explanation of what this means to someone living in the U.S.A. (speaking only for myself, of course) might be useful. "The only thing remotely interesting here is the color of the candidate's skin, which shows we still have a problem with racism." The fact that a black presidential candidate won with a substantial margin in an almost entirely white state shows that "we still have a problem with racism"? I see a lot of complaints about "platitudes" here, but I think this glosses over the impact of the Obama campaign. There is not really much disagreement about what the important issues are. Get out of Iraq. Stop using fossil fuels. Get everyone affordable health insurance. Inflation and stagnant wages. There is a general consensus now that these are the U.S.'s big problems and we need pragmatic solutions to them. (The other consensus is that the Republican party has collapsed and needs to be removed from power as soon as possible.) What Obama is offering is a way out of the broken record of baby boomer liberal vs. conservative rhetoric. If Hillary wins, we're in for 4 to 8 more years of the same old partisan story line that has played out since her husband was elected. Many Americans are more than sick of that and that is what Obama is appealing to and that is why he won. And I think his attitude is basically right. More than specific policy proposals at this moment, Americans need a new mindset. Metaphor alert! "Gong side by side with the above, the danger any new industry faces is that instead of the powerful companies or parents and guardians for want of an analogy, looking after the young, supporting them with their wealth and helping them grow from acorns into a wild symbiotic forest, they cannibalize them, treating them as cattle that they feed from, inevitably leaving a baron desert in their wake." I think "obsession" is a bit hyperbolic. Have you ever been a minority anywhere? I only lived in Japan for about a year, but I was very aware of how differently I was perceived as the tall white guy. I don't see how you can grow up black in the U.S.A. and not have that be a fundamental part of shaping your experience, especially when you consider the racial history here. Add to that his white mother and time living outside the U.S., that is a lot of influences to assimilate. I'm not sure what your point about the church is. Yes, it is very pro-black and pro-African, but I don't see anything that is explicitly "anti" anyone else. Would be interested to see the welcome for a white person walking in on Sunday, though. :) Having said that, I did go to a church once where ours was the only white family among black Haitian immigrants. And that was a pretty cool experience. "These are the politics that got us the Iraq war. These are the politics that got us illegal wiretapping. These are the politics that make it legal for the government to kidnap you in the middle of the night and torture you until you're nothing but a shell of a man." These are things about which Obama has been pretty specific about. He was, from the start, unequivocally against the Iraq war. He has said simply that the U.S. must stop torturing people. I'm honestly not sure about the exact details of his stance towards wiretapping, however. So my point is that Obama has been very clear and forthright about a lot of things. Another thing that impresses me is his ability to avoid pandering. There was a woman who asked him if Social Security could be expanded to cover some specific problem her brother had (sorry for not remembering more specifics) and he simply told her "No, I don't think we can afford to cover that for everyone." Sounds like a simple thing, but politicians almost never give a straight answer to that kind of question. Furthermore, do you think more detailed policy proposals would have done anything about the current abuses of power we are seeing? Do you think torture and wiretapping would have been in a pdf somewhere if we just demanded more policy details from Bush on his website in 2000? You can give lots of specifics, and that's not bad. But it's not realistic to expect the details of a candidate's campaign proposals will be enacted intact as legislation someday. There will be negotiation and compromise along the way. This also seems relevant: http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2008/01... Specifically: "Barack Obama believes we need a business and regulatory landscape in which entrepreneurs and small businesses can thrive, start-ups can launch, and all enterprises can compete effectively while investors and consumers are protected against bad actors that cross the line." See! Obama wants your start-up to launch! :) Lisp. "Typical employees can't even keep their Windows systems free of spyware." He also predicts the demise of the PC. "As long as someone accidentally backing a truck into a power cable in San Francisco can immediately take down a third of these bratty little Web 2.0 outfits, little of what Carr says is going to transpire anytime soon." You can make the same argument for on-site power generation. That didn't keep companies from using the power grid. "Oh, and good luck getting companies off Exchange Server." This is actually a good point, for reasons of compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley, etc. Corporations likely want tight control of email for legal reasons, at least for now. If that gets solved by an off-site email provider to the satisfaction of corporate attorneys, on-site Exchange installations won't last long, either. "Anyone at Google can process terabytes of data. And they can get their results back in about 10 minutes, so they can iterate on it and try something else if they didn't get what they wanted the first time." I remember when people used to say that there were no serious barriers to entry in the search business. I don't think anyone's says that anymore. "(e.g. not Clinton)" Which one? Here's a good comparison: http://markwatson.com/blog/2008/01/cool-common-lisp-elephant... Performance is a big difference: "Common Lisp compiled code runs much faster than Ruby: typical benchmark results are about 30 times faster - but Ruby's slowness is mitigated if a lot of processing is performed in native libraries like Ferret." I don't think Ruby has all of the functionality of CLOS or the Meta Object Protocol. Here's Matz commenting on the lack of multi-methods in Ruby: http://blade.nagaokaut.ac.jp/cgi-bin/scat.rb/ruby/ruby-talk/... "Most OO langauge includes Ruby see methods as "element of an object" This does not hold for CLOS. You loose the tight relationship but gain a new level of flexibility." Beyond that, I would say pick a programming methodology and there is probably a CL implementation of it somewhere out there built with macros. That's due to the greater maturity of CL and "real macros" (which have been well covered by others already). And beyond macros, the "code as data" paradigm enabled by s-expressions has other uses (I think Steve Yegge mentioned "executable log files" as an example). I think this nails the challenge of getting started with Common Lisp: 'With Lisp, newbies say "How do I get started?" and instead of a URL, they get "Lisp is a family of languages, with the primary branches being Common Lisp and Scheme. But these are just language standards with a number of implementations. Which implementation is best for you depends on your platform and computing needs." Huh?' I think SBCL is closest to being the default CL implementation, but the functionality on Mac/Windows still isn't quite caught up to the Linux version. Threading seems to be the biggest sticking point. If you have a Mac, the best starting point I know of is ReadyLisp: http://www.newartisans.com/software/readylisp.html Well, that just complicates my "language to learn this year" decision. Last year was Common Lisp. I was planning on doing Python this year. Then recently Scala has been looking very interesting, with the functional/static thing with not bad performance and access to the whole Java stack (I program Java at my job). Now Arc might be a possibility. At this rate, it will be December and I'll still be trying to decide. Touche. :) I think you're right. I already found a task for Python to do, spent a couple weeks (off and on) refining it, and at the end I seemed to have used all of the prominent features of Python somewhere in that script. At the end of that, I had this vague feeling that I now "knew" Python and wasn't sure what was left to learn. So, you are confirming my vague feeling and I can now move on to Scala and decide whether or not to switch to Arc once it emerges. :) When a software company says "shipping this Summer", for example, that usually means the very last before the autumnal equinox. So, if Arc is available for download at UTC 5:48am on March 20, pg will have met his goal. :) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Equinox I knew about list comprehensions, but generator expressions add some new tricks. And I also now have a clearer idea of what constraint propagation means. Thanks for the link! Java is on a very short list of the world's most used programming languages. This strikes me as another case of "people overestimate a new technology's effect over the next five years and underestimate its effect over the next 10 years." Java did not replace existing desktop software. But it took over most enterprise web server-side development and in the process helped to make most enterprise desktop software development irrelevant. So, perhaps the initial hype did not play out exactly as expected. But the success of Java does suggest the level of hype was justified, if misdirected. This was worth clicking on the link alone: "You make what you measure. Merely measuring something regularly will help you to improve it. And not measuring it will almost guarantee failure." Will try to think of ways to incorporate that in whatever I'm doing. "The new intro classes are in Python, which you could argue has the immediate benefit of being used in the world outside of MIT." Yep. They can tell incoming freshmen they can use Python when they get a job at Google. Something that was not true of Scheme. I'm watching the Gilbert Strang linear algebra course to pick up enough for other classes I am taking. Saves me using up an entire semester for that (I have a tuition benefit which I am using to take one class for semester; so I can take Information Retrieval now instead of taking Linear Algebra and waiting until next Spring.). This is the article they should have written in the first place. Much more detail, much better qualified arguments. And the point about each generation of computer scientists reinventing the wheel. Lisp being 50 years old and all that. "You're saying white people can jump? ;)" When this comes up, I always like to point to this: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FIBA_World_Championship Professionals started participating in 1994. Since then, the U.S.A. has won exactly once (in 1994). If you look at team photos of recent medalists, you will see many pigmentally challenged individuals (Spain, Greece, Argentina, Yugoslavia, etc.). Further anecdotes: the last three NBA MVP awards went to a white German guy (one time) and a white Canadian guy (two times). Presidents can't make laws. At most, they can veto them. They can't set the budget. They can nominate Supreme Court justices, but have no control over them once nominated and often they interpret laws differently than how the appointing president thought they would. I can no longer say that the President can not unilaterally declare and wage war, but I can say that the Constitution grants the power to declare war to the Congress. So what is the point of the Presidency, then? Especially in our day of modern media, a very big part of the President's ability to accomplish things is his ability to persuade the American people to work to achieve common goals. So maybe just "looking Presidential" or "sounding Presidential" is not important in and of itself. But if that is part of an overall power of persuasion devoted to noble ends, that can be a very important characteristic for a President, indeed. Considering the current state of the Republican party, the Democratic candidates probably represent something closer to a "free economy" at this point. And of the remaining declared Democratic and Republican candidates, only Ron Paul has opposed the war so unambiguously. Also, not much commentary yet on Obama bringing in Lawrence Lessig to advise him on technology issues. As that's probably the closest to being relevant to Hacker News, I would think that would get more discussion and some credit for Obama (again, relative to other actual candidates, not some idealized candidate who might agree with you on every issue). I think the whole point of an endorsement is to make a cogent argument for why you believe such and such a person is the best candidate for such and such a position. So whether or not you find it persuasive, the endorsement itself is an attempt at a cogent argument. You are certainly free to ignore or disagree with the conclusion. I don't think this author makes his point very well. But I think Amit makes a similar point here: http://amitp.blogspot.com/2007/04/lisp-vs-python-syntax.html Single quote summary: "When I'm writing code I prefer Lisp; when I'm reading code I prefer Python." I think where Mr. Kesteloot goes wrong is comparing Lisp with Java. Java sucks both for reading and writing, pretty much. "For example, my language of choice for doing Web development now is Python. ..." To Lisper: It seems several people are comparing Arc to other Lisps. I think that's somewhat unproductive. The Lisp user base is so small now that there isn't much sense "marketing" to that audience by comparing Arc to Scheme, CL, etc. So, an alternative question: what would it take for you to use Arc instead of Python for web programming? Anyone have an Eeeeee PC? They sound really interesting. They put to the test the idea all you need is a constant connection to the web to do all of your work today. I generally develop with telnet + Emacs over XWindows, anyways. "Surely neural interfaces can render most coding obsolete eventually." I am skeptical of that. I think that a good programming language can be a great help for making ideas precise and exploring their ramifications. We may have some vague notion of what seems a great idea, but when we go to express it in a precise way find out that there are significant obstacles that were not at first evident. So, the read-eval-print-loop of a good "exploratory" language might still be very useful, even in a world with neural-computer interfaces. Given your criteria of "consistent and easy grammar" I would put Python before Ruby. There may be other measures that make Ruby more 'concise' than Python. Long before the advent of computers, mathematical notation provided a way to more precisely express ideas than natural language. Of course, if you are verbose enough, you can express mathematical ideas with prose. But the corresponding mathematical notation will probably be more clear and easier to manipulate than the prose version for someone well versed in both "languages." Programming languages can similarly provide for precise, concise expression of ideas. Your example is a huge leaky abstraction waiting to happen. What if something about the resulting program is very different than what you expected or wanted? How do you know at what point things went wrong? How do you fix it? What if there were ramifications that were not clear at the high level of your conversation, but the machine dutifully did what you "wanted", with repercussions like Mickey in the Sorcerer's Apprentice? The only way programming languages will no longer be useful in the future is if algorithmic thinking is no longer useful. Is that your assumption here? "(incidentally, what could we call Smalltalk/Scheme/Forth to group them together?)" Axiomatic Languages? "I really mean 'why', just why are they bothering with Yahoo?" Anyone else old enough to remember Novell combining with WordPerfect way back when to take on Microsoft? You'd think Ballmer, having been through that on the winning side would know better. I'm curious to hear replies from people experienced with Scala, Haskell, or other static-functional languages. I've looked at Scala, and type inference seems like it would be a big win compared to declare-every-type languages like Java. (I haven't written Scala programs so I don't know for sure.) I haven't learned Haskell, but I get turned off by the school-marm "statefulness is sin" attitude. I like that Lisps generally push you in the direction of good functional programming style without preventing you from doing imperative, or OO, or whatever style you think matches your particular problem best. However, what the static-functional languages seem to have going for them is giving the compiler more to work with to improve performance. Scala and Haskell seem to do well on benchmark tasks. And, despite being turned off by Haskell's draconian enforcement of pure-functional programming, I was impressed when I saw that you could enable parallelization with a simple annotation on the section of code you wanted to run concurrently. Of course, Erlang fits this as well, but I think is not nearly as fast as Haskell for sequential code perhaps due to lack of static typing. I admire SBCL for the performance they get out of Common Lisp. I've heard they do good type inferencing even on dynamically typed code, and of course Common Lisp has optional type declarations that the compiler can use to speed things up. So, it appears that strong static typing might enable compilers that emit faster code. What do you all think? "Bill Clinton is even more charismatic..." I would say that, in 2007/2008, Obama is far more charismatic. Bill Clinton has tried to inject his "charisma" into this campaign on his wife's behalf and has not made a dent in the "charsima gap" between his wife and Obama. Trying to compare charisma of 1992 Bill to 2008 Barack is like trying to athletes across eras. Different issues, different prevailing attitudes among the populace, etc. Living in Pittsburgh, I don't see myself being able to give this up . Sunday lunch at my parents or in-laws, with the game on, is an entrenched family tradition. Formula 1 or Calcio when the Steelers aren't playing (my father in law is an Italian immigrant, if you hadn't guessed). I have surprised myself, though, by totally forgetting about some weeknight Steelers games this year. I guess that's progress. Your analysis of elapsed time is sobering. For those of you who haven't lived here, the Steelers are basically the city's religion. pg would understand what I mean: http://www.paulgraham.com/gateway.html (grep football) I'm a Lost addict. And now Heroes. I find one of the most edifying things to watch (as TV programs go) is the Charlie Rose show. He basically invites interesting people and lets them talk. Much better than the chopped up sound bites that pass for interviews on American "news." "In the last few weeks I have literally had a few meetings every single day, in order to get the spec right, plus I sent dozens of emails per day." 1. Good use of objects. 2. The use of CSS provides a good way for customizing look and feel without diving into source code so much. Reading the description, my thought process was "So don't we already have pdf and Acrobat for that?" Looking at the actual demo, my thought process was "Wow, Acrobat really sucks." "1. If your parents make 100k+ but don't want to spend it on your education, you're screwed." With tuition and expenses running 40k+ a year, I think that could put a crimp in the budget of a family making a little more than 100k+. "I am sure that Stanford has done it's sums and taken into account the net impact of attracting applications from bright students coming from less well of homes." If you read the article, I think it's clear that Stanford has taken into account U.S. Senators questioning it's tax exempt status when it has a ballooning endowment along with big tuition increases. "Many of the inner-city neighborhoods that began their decline in the 1960s consisted of sturdily built, turn-of-the-century row houses, tough enough to withstand being broken up into apartments, and requiring relatively little upkeep. By comparison, modern suburban houses, even high-end McMansions, are cheaply built. Hollow doors and wallboard are less durable than solid-oak doors and lath-and-plaster walls. The plywood floors that lurk under wood veneers or carpeting tend to break up and warp as the glue that holds the wood together dries out; asphalt-shingle roofs typically need replacing after 10 years. Many recently built houses take what structural integrity they have from drywall—their thin wooden frames are too flimsy to hold the houses up." That's progress for you. Actually, with the coming of broadcast HD, this one is making a comeback: http://obsoleteskills.com/Skills/AdjustingTheRabbitEarsOnYou... I've been spending a lot of time moving my antenna around to get HD signals 'cause I'm too cheap to pay for HD cable. Full article here: http://www.post-gazette.com/pg/08051/858776-388.stm "no longer a pain in the ass" One of the better slogans I've read in a while. "Ok, now put the play bar on the left. No wait, the right. A little more. Good, right there." Users would put up with this for about 10 seconds before just grabbing the mouse and dragging things where they want them. I think that's why voice interfaces have not become popular. PC applications tend to be developed for a direct manipulation (window, icon, menu, pointing device) paradigm, so adding a voice interface doesn't help much. A useful voice interface requires an entirely new UI paradigm. Leaky abstractions. Several people have pointed out that people lacking the word "programmer" in their job description write code to get their jobs done. But what happens when they have two scripts that look similar to them but one finishes in an hour and the other is still running two weeks later? Then you need someone to break out the big O notation, look at the source code for the high level language and figure out what's really happening. The need for this will continue to diminish over time in most firms. However, for companies that provide software over the internet this will remain very important (make something at Google 5% faster and you're probably saving them a whole lot of money). So, just one more reason to make sure your career does not hinge on getting paid to write software at a place where software is not the main source of revenue. That's the idea behind the Mini, but I think Apple's heart's not really fully behind it. This made me think of something Peter Drucker wrote, and I think it came from the article summarized here: http://knowledgeworks.wordpress.com/2007/06/05/article-the-c... pg says that the modern firm is the product of modern technology, but this summary of Drucker's article points out that technology is also obviating the need for much of the "middle management" layers that pg criticizes as anathema to humankind's natural state. I'm pretty sure somewhere Drucker also says that the only reason to keep activities within a single firm is because the transaction costs are lower than having activities performed by an outside firm. I think he also argued that as transaction costs between firms fall due to technology, it makes sense to "outsource" more and more, which of course we are seeing in today's economy. Which suggests that we should see more small firms over time. Too bad Drucker is no longer with us. I'm sure he would have a lot more interesting things to say relevant to startups. If nothing else, should offer a big confidence and morale booster to envision yourself as a lion prowling in the wild as you furiously hack away at your startup. Good summary of politics on the Internets: "Could such a game augur the outcome of the next presidential election? Probably not. The armies of John McCain and Barack Obama have already been routed, and Hillary Clinton’s forces are trapped in New England. Jockeying for control of the rest of the country are the armies of Representative Ron Paul of Texas and the comedian Stephen Colbert." This is hands down the best rebuttal to pg's arguments for young men to start a SV startup that I've read. (Actually, for young women, too, but for the opposite reason.) "(or stealing their trucking jobs)" This was covered in a Simpsons episode. Turns out that all the trucks already drive themselves, but the truckers' union has prevented that information getting out to the general public. (Couldn't find it on youtube.) The original rant was far more informative and interesting, swear words and all, than this verbose, psycho-babble twaddle. This is just a long-winded exercise in stereo-typing bordering on bigotry. Interesting to contrast with this (top of Hacker News at this moment): http://www.techcrunch.com/2008/03/26/communicate-acquires-y-... In Japan, URLs are on the way out, while a U.S. company who's main asset is a bunch of domain names are buying a YCombinator start-up to further monetize them. EDIT: I can't believe I just used "monetize" un-ironically in a sentence. Yes, I think Kurzweil's response would be that these things will be replaced in people with a condition that would be fatal if the original organs were left intact. Over time, people would be come more and more "cybernetic" as their natural parts failed and technology came up with "improved" replacements. I think of this similarly to cloning. Anyone egocentric and arrogant enough to think "what the world really needs is another, identical copy of me" should be prohibited from doing so on principle. For the case of AI/robotic duplicates, make that "what the world really needs is another, identical, immortal copy of me." "That's more common than not, if you look at recent web startups." It is likely common in failed web startups, also. Congratulations! "At the end of the day, it depends on your audience. Just ask Karl Rove and James Carville. ;)" I believe their area of expertise is propaganda, not argument. (But I suppose both could be a form of rhetoric.) Startup idea! Make it so you can tag arbitrary pages from within your browser, and other people visiting the page can see the tags if they wish. Imagine the fun of doing this with the New York Times, Wall Street Journal, in addition to blogs and discussion forums, etc. etc. What's the hierarchy level for failed attempts at humor? Given your econ major, surely there must be some interesting problems you have come across that you would like to attack by writing some programs? Python is a great language to dive into. Easy to learn because it intentionally left out most of the boiler-plate fluff from other languages and lets you just express your solution in a direct, concise fashion. If you get to the point where you need to crunch large number sets, check out scipy and numpy (just google). Takes a slight effort to set up initially, but then allows you to quickly process lots of numbers. Linear algebra, optimization, etc. "Fast good programmer > slow good programmer > fast bad programmer > slow good programmer." Got a cycle in your graph :). Laptops and servers are the future (present?), I think. The laptop is your way of interfacing with data. Ergonomics (such as easy portability) are very important here. Hook up large display and maybe more comfortable keyboard/mouse when appropriate. iPhone provides another set of ergonomic trade-offs (even more portable, interface options even more constrained). Non-volatile storage in these devices become more of a caching mechanism over time; more and more of our data will reside on a server somewhere we never physically see. Then the universe of large scale processing power and data storage is The Network. Amazon S3/EC2 and the like. Most people on the planet will never physically see this hardware at all. But we use these resources constantly as we browse, interact, communicate, and work on the web. So, two directions for the future of computing. Ergonomics is King for consumer devices (Apple is thriving in this market), and economies of scale (Google the poster child here, interesting in that they do not design or develop hardware at all, but write software to make commodity hardware scale in amazing ways). Shouldn't you have "SPOILER ALERT!" next to that link? Just in case you were wondering of relevance to Hacker News before reading the article: "Even though some may look like they have a frown on their face, they are very friendly people - many of them just work in offices, jobs they don't enjoy, and so they do not smile as much as they should." "and then attacking specific small startups unprovoked does not seem like a very proper way to spread the word" DH2. Responding to Tone. http://www.paulgraham.com/disagree.html "...and while they're happy to take the cash the business throws off, it's not what they're focused on." "So what is that? Making more media, we gather." Interestingly, the T-shirts are actually a form of media for delivering jokes. "Otherwise, the features you mentioned are basically available elsewhere; Visual Basic has closures. C++ has multiple inheritance. Python has multimethods. Ruby has class redefinitions." Exactly. Common Lisp is close to a superset of the features of other programming languages. Even in cases where Common Lisp lacks a feature, if it's something that can be expressed by changing syntax, macros can get you pretty close. I remember a thread on comp.lang.lisp where several people had a go at adding pattern matching to Common Lisp, for example, and were able to get a pretty long way towards that goal in a short amount of time. Another example: seems like half of the Lisp books out there present an implementation of Prolog in Lisp. "And what about CLOS? Does not make Lisp, in your words, a "hash programming language"?" I think in the "hash" languages, you usually consider the method to "belong" to an object in some way. With multi-method dispatch, the relationship between objects and methods is more fluid. So I think there is a difference here, too. It's not that "list" languages only use tree structures for everything, just that trees are the more "natural" choice in those languages. "I wonder if they're really learning anything useful other than how to bullshit." Your formulation concedes, of course, that being able to bullshit is, indeed, a useful skill. I would go farther to say that the ability to bullshit well should not be mis-underestimated. Clerk: "Occupation?" Comicus: "Standup Philosopher!" Clerk: "What?" Comicus: "Standup Philosopher! I coalesce the vapor of human experience into a viable and logical comprehension." Clerk: "Oh - a Bullshit Artist!" Comicus: "Hmmmmmm...." Clerk: "Did you bullshit last week?" Comicus: "No." Clerk: "Did you try to bullshit last week?" Comicus: "Yes!" http://woodmoorvillage.typepad.com/zendo/2005/02/bullshit_ar... Yep, I majored in Logic and Computation not quite two decades ago. http://www.hss.cmu.edu/philosophy/undergraduate-bs.php The thing that pulled me in was all the possible paths to graduation (see "Sample Curricula" on the linked page). CS and ECE basically had every course laid out from freshman to senior year, which seemed really constraining to someone not quite sure what I wanted to do yet. (I ended up in the natural language processing track, now the "Language and Information Technologies" track under the Sample Curricula.) ...and thus, the students in the article majoring in Philosophy with the intention of later attending law school. On the Mac, you can use pyobjc to write Cocoa apps. Included with Leopard. http://www.friday.com/bbum/2007/10/27/pyobjc-20-pyobjc-in-le... Google Docs = Fire and Motion. I don't think Google cares much whether or not Google Docs ever replaces most MS Office installations. But it forces Microsoft to respond and protect their core business, and not focus on competing with Google in the markets Google actually cares about. Meanwhile, Microsoft disparately tries to get Yahoo, just to stay far behind Google in advertising, but maybe less far behind than they are now (see McDonald's trying to make Starbucks style coffee in the article). "It's comforting in a way to know that I'm not going to have to remember random bits of information if it doesn't interest me." The very specific example in the article was the fact that not one single student knew that their government was abducting random people around the world and disappearing them into holes in which anything could be done to them, and there was no legal process for anyone to challenge the practice in any way. Does that qualify as a random bit of information? "Now if Apple were to give away their OS for non-mac hardware, that would be interesting." 1. Give away the key differentiator of your product for free to eliminate any distinction between your products and those of your competitors. 2. ???? 3. Profit! So, instead of the dot com bust, we would have had a com dot bust? Heh, what do you suppose the intent of the question was? He's fishing for startup ideas! My wife developed a technique in ChinaTown NYC that rarely failed. She would decide what she wanted to pay (less than what was being asked, obviously), put down the money in front of the salesperson while picking up the item and wait for a response. The salesperson was almost never willing to let her pick her money back up again. Recommendations for good Drucker books, particularly those with appeal for the Startup and/or Hacker mentality? I think it's great pg invited someone who gave a lot of opposite advice from what he has said at various times. Thanks. I'm pretty sure he said getting 500 paying customers is still pretty hard. Just not as hard as getting the millions of customers needed to "be the next Facebook." Live in Pittsburgh, two kids. They go to a Catholic school a couple blocks away that we're happy with. So, the choice becomes move to the suburbs, home school, or pay up for private schooling of some kind. Pittsburgh has become a "college town" in some ways. There are several good to very good universities here, and the Oakland neighborhood with Pitt and Carnegie Mellon, has become the economic center of the city in my opinion. One could probably make a career out of traveling to the latest emerging world power every few years. In the 90s, going to Japan to teach English was a huge deal. Everyone seemed willing to pay lots of money to learn English. Now China. Next...? Common Lisp would sound like a miracle language if it wasn't real. Can be configured to run almost as fast as C. Or dynamism that rivals Ruby and Python if you don't bother to specify types. An object system (and meta-object protocol) that rivals Smalltalk in sophistication. Full functional programming capabilities, and a syntax and libraries that favor that style. An entire sub-language for iteration that rivals Python's generation/comprehension facilities. The ability to be procedural when you really need to. Sophisticated built in data types. A facility for abstraction unrivaled by any other language that's not a Lisp. The point is not necessarily that CL is the absolute best for every one of those points. But you can make a case for CL vs. another language based on that language's strong points, not its weak points. Of course, don't get me started on the mess that is CL's community... "The writing is a little off compared to his usual stuff, but it still raises a valid point: Apple can only grow so big if they can't get companies/schools to start buying Macs." It's worthless because he gives no facts or useful figures to support his hypothesis. 1. Schools ARE buying Macs. Pretty sure they displaced Dell to become number 1 in that market again (or was that just laptops?). 2. How big is big, exactly? How much of the consumer market can they realistically get? Once upper level managers decide they need the cachet of a Mac laptop precisely because of its must have status as a consumer item, how are the IT guys going to tell them they won't support it and keep their jobs? There's some evidence this is happening with iPhone already. "Too many of the people who control what computers those companies buy don't see Macs as 'real' computers." Those are probably people who are very cognizant of the stock market, and judge the appeal of potential suppliers at least in part by what the vendor's stock price is doing. In the media, "Vista is a failure" and "Apple is the hottest company in tech" are strong memes right now. I guarantee you that the "decision makers" are very aware of them. Also, the unstated idea that Apple needs to overtake Dell and/or HP for its stock to continue to grow is badly mistaken. When you have 3.5% world wide share, a single percentage point of increased market share is a huge increase in revenue and profit. Add to that the fact that Apple's share of the market is mostly among the most profitable customer segments. Much of Dell and HP sales are for product lines with razor thin margins. So, no, it is not necessary for Apple to rival the dominant players in corporate sales to continue to grow. UPDATE: I totally left off the fact that Apple is really the most successful 21st century consumer electronics manufacturer, and are almost certain to introduce entirely new product categories. They won't all succeed, but given Apple's track record it would be foolish to bet that none of them will. Glad to hear it. Maybe I should check back in. Specific developments I should be aware of...? I believe he has decided to take the opposite position to pg on every point about how to start a business and see how well he can argue it. Which is a healthy thing for Hacker News, I think, getting other perspectives. This also seems relevant to the discussion of the relative strengths of the Mac and PC markets right now: http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601087&sid=aQ7_... vs. Apple's Best. Quarter. Ever. Is this the elevator pitch for Hacker News or the general public? There are likely many people who would be interested in your service to whom "geotag" and "@town.state.gov email address" mean nothing. Elevator pitch as domain name. Well played. He later happens onto one reason the process makes sense: uninstall just by deleting the application file. He is confused about how to install an app because there is no installation. You just put the program anywhere you want (the Applications folder thing is really just a suggestion) and double click to run. In fact, you can even run directly from the disk image, which Matt did without realizing at first that was what he had done. So, the reason the Mac approach seems strange is because it makes the whole install/uninstall concept just go away altogether. Perhaps a suitable HN metaphor: it eliminates an onion. "How is dragging a new application into a folder called "Applications" counterintuitive?" I think the larger point is, if that is the biggest usability barrier in adopting an entirely different operating system, the Mac UI people are doing something right. "The window maximizing thing is probably my biggest single annoyance when using a Mac." I can't tell which people understand the philosophy of window maximizing on the Mac and don't like it, and who finds the behavior just random, so let me explain: The Mac UI assumes the point of maximizing a window is to see all of its content at once, so enlarging past the size at which all content is visible at once is unnecessary. This can be nice, once you understand what it's doing and are used to it. If you understand this and still don't like it, that is your prerogative, too, of course. It struck me after reading the article that the company who has solved synchronization is Apple. All of the data people really care about is on their iPhone/iPod. Contacts, photos, music, TV shows, movies, email, web access. When you think of it, iTunes main purpose is syncing and organizing your media. And with iTunes Store seamlessly syncs a lot of the data people care about from the Internet, also (for pay movies and music, but a lot of free podcasts, too). While Microsoft continues to try to solve the synchronization problem as an abstraction, Apple has actually created something everyone uses because it Just Works. "which is why they have a small percentage of the market?" Depends which market. They have a tiny share in one, dominant share in the other. "I have never seen a polluted stream or a park covered in litter there" A Japanese beach, though, is a giant ash tray. I recently read quotes from Dr. McCarthy that are quite critical of "liberals". (some examples here: http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/authors/j/john_mccarthy.ht... ) Does Dr. McCarthy consider himself politically conservative, libertarian, or something else? Do any current presidential candidates or other politicians come close to reflecting his views? Has he seen Arc? If so, does he find anything about it interesting? ...and why, in hindsight, it would have been a very good idea to have voting and non-voting shares. So anyone want to take a stab at the qualitatively different practices that separate classes of people who program computers? (Was about to write "people who hack", but think that hacking itself is a qualitatively different way of writing computer programs than what most people do.) I thought it might be a good article, but then it ended right after the introduction where I thought the actual content of the argument would arrive. This first sentence comment by itself is more informative and interesting than the entire "article" under discussion. He goes on to suggest that MySpace are the ones capitalizing on something like "demand creation", by realizing that people go there to waste time and therefore MySpace is doing a lot in terms of entertainment properties. Matt doesn't use the same terminology you're using, but I think he's getting at a similar idea. Hey, Barack Obama started preparing in Kindergarten to become President. Kindergarten's no time for slacking. "What, exactly, did Apple ever do to make you believe that they are a benevolent force in the technology industry?" Make really nice products. Does this mean that Google and Yahoo have an API that anyone can freely use to authenticate people against their Google/Yahoo account? Please forgive my ignorance, but I feel that I'm missing something here. Are you also familiar with Clojure? How would you compare the two? "Edit: Another common thing about these discussions is otherwise intelligent people ignoring the fact that it is possible for a program written in one language to call a library written in another." And this is a huge differentiator among languages. Scala and Clojure have immediate access to the vast expanse of Java libraries. Python has a very good mechanism for wrapping and calling C/C++ libraries. As far as I know, Arc does not yet particularly shine in this area, although I believe some arc hackers are working on it. "most of your time developing a program is spent writing it, not watching it run." This totally depends on the kind of program you are writing. I just completed a class on Information Retrieval, the exact same kind of tasks and algorithms in the Collecting Intelligence books. One assignment, I spent most of the time allocated trying to get the program reasonably fast enough in Python to finish in less than a day. If a mistake was not apparent until the program had run for a couple of hours, it totally killed all of the exploratory programming advantages that Python has. I finally gave up and rewrote the entire thing in Java a day before the assignment was due. I got my algorithm to converge in under 2 hours (had left the Python version running much longer with than this with no converging in sight), and was able to get some decent results to turn in. Maybe I'm just greedy. I want it all. Speed, exploratory programming, lots of libraries. Common Lisp offers the first two, the last, not so much. Java offers 1 and 3, Python 2 and 3. My next languages to learn are Scala and/or Clojure. Potentially the speed and libraries of Java, with many of the features that make Common Lisp and Python great at exploratory programming. I do not see Arc on a path that will give it all 3 of these attributes in the foreseeable future. "or we will be stuck with Java forever" The Scala/Clojure approach makes this a blessing, rather than a curse. Interesting language, with all the benefits of the JVM and Java libraries. (Which is why these languages are next on my list of languages to learn.) Mark Cuban looks like the only guy on the proposed slate of directors with any direct experience running a web/software business. "Likewise, if you're in a .NET shop you'd want to consider F#." Or Scala. It also compiles to the CLR. "(BTW - I have been astounded at the similarities I, as an aspiring hacker, have with my painter customers, and just within the past few months I've learned of PG's book "Hackers and Painters.")" And the fact that the original idea that pg and Robert Morris had for an online business was an online art gallery. And if you don't know Emacs yet, start with Aquamacs. It has "normal" Mac keybindings set in addition to the Emacs ones for most operations, and comes with many of the best Emacs packages already installed. Heck, even if you know Emacs well, give Aquamacs a try. All of the pre-installed packages can be a big time saver over downloading and installing each of them individually. Any gaijin lurking here working in Japan? The article mentioned a lot about recruiting Asian engineers, but little about Americans or Europeans (I'm a U.S. citizen). What's the market like for Westerners? I worked in Japan for a year before, and the idea of going back intrigues me. Having a wife and two kids makes the logistics much more complicated and certainly limits the options worth considering, but I'm interested in finding out what the possibilities might be. "You mean, like developing something that they think is cool? Are programmers even allowed to do that??" I think the point is, in the past, developers have been less likely to develop something "cool", if a large installed base for running their app did not exist. The data suggest (with noted caveats) that developers are putting less relevant emphasis on installed base. The main thing missing from the article is the number of developers developing for the web (exclusively or otherwise). I suspect that number would be greater than the combined numbers developing for specific OS platforms. The point of the article is NOT that boys do better at math. The point is that girls who DO excel at math choose non-technical (or less technical) careers. Specifically, careers that involve more human interaction, or at least deal with living things in some form (biological sciences). In the U.S. many more women are now attending college than men. In large U.S. cities, for the first time ever, young women are out-earning men. I just don't buy that (U.S.) women are receiving and accepting a message that they are "submissive." There is still some overhang from the previous male dominated culture, but it is being rapidly eroded and may have already disappeared for the generation now attending college and/or entering the work force. I am curious to see data indicating a trend in the opposite direction. http://www.nytimes.com/2007/08/03/nyregion/03women.html "Young women in New York and several of the nation’s other largest cities who work full time have forged ahead of men in wages, according to an analysis of recent census data." Considering only GDP: http://strangemaps.wordpress.com/2007/06/10/131-us-states-re... If you are a PC manufacturer, regardless of the fact that this figure does not include all PCs sold, I think that it is still a very important trend that bears attention. The high end share for Apple is growing rapidly, especially in the consumer market. Considering that the business market is arguably even more price sensitive (no citations, but I believe I've read this various places, citations to the contrary welcome), Apple is siphoning off the most profitable segment of customers, leaving HP, Dell, and the other PC players to fight over the segments with razor thin margins. I'd rather be holding AAPL, which I am :). Just a few remaining shares, but I'm not going to swap them for Dell or HP anytime soon. Poetic license, yes. And I have felt the same way, seeing "self" everywhere. "Why, aren't there robots or something doing such things?" I'm actually kind of curious about what is preventing this equipment from actually becoming a robot: '“I can teach them easily,” he says. “My equipment is goof proof, it has to be.” By that, he means that an employee need not even know how to drive straight, the tractor is guided by a sophisticated guidance sytem hooked into three satellites. “If I overlap six inches on fertilizer or seeding,” he says, “it wastes nearly $10,000.”' What's the need for a human being in the machine at all? What could he or she do in there but screw things up? I've seen Congress people talk about it at length on CSPAN. Granted, not necessarily a great vote of credibility, but does not fall under the headings of blogger or pop star. Because we know that foreign energy dependence has kept us from waging war on other countries. Sounds like a fun parlor game. I'd say it's starting to happen already. When I see a Hummer these days, my first thought is "chump", and wonder what the price of a fill up is at current rates. I think among some high earning demographics, the car with the most cachet is already the Prius. Of course, then you have the ginormous Hybrid SUVs being pushed now by Detroit. Do people really not understand that whatever gas you save through the "hybridness" is more than offset by the few tons of metal they're driving around, compared to a smaller non-hybrid? (Yes, this question is rhetorical.) "The coal lobby would be in favor of a plan like this, they are itching to start burning all the extra coal we have in the USA." I'm surprised the Republicans have not jumped all over this. This could give them a card to play in the energy independence debate. There's a lot of coal in some so-called swing states, and coal miners and their friends and neighbors are part of the demographic that have been voting Republican on "social" issues but are now swinging Democratic on "Bush is utterly incompetent" issues. Proposing a program to transition the country to coal powered electric cars would go over well with this group. To the rest of the country, it could be sold as more pragmatic than trying to generate all our energy from solar and wind in the near term, while still offering a path to energy independence. They could play up arguments about how coal generated electricity is already less carbon emitting than the gasoline engines in autos. This might not be as easy a position to take for Democrats, because the staunch environmentalists on their side may not be happy about increased coal burning. 'Did she get two and a half times as effective at "external affairs" over that year?' I imagine she did. I'm not exactly sure what "external affairs" entails, but it sounds like the kind of position that would benefit greatly from being politically well connected. "Pittsburgh: You should be nice." Being a native Western Pennsylvania, and living more of my adult life in Pittsburgh than anywhere else, I'll take that as a compliment :). I moved to NYC with my wife right after we were married, and loved every minute of it. But decided to return here to raise our kids after they were born. An interesting thing about Pittsburgh is the number of large non-profits of every kind, especially considering the reduced population. The major industrial titans that made their fortunes here in decades past (Carnegie, Mellon, Heinz, etc.) have left behind many cultural institutions like libraries, museums, universities, parks, hospitals, etc. that are still well funded and high quality. You'll find some of that in NYC (even from some of the same benefactors) but Pittsburgh I think has a higher cultural dollars/resident ratio. This is a wonderful thing in terms of raising children. My kids think hanging out at the zoo, library, conservatory, kids' museum, etc. is a perfectly common thing to do. I think in NYC (and other cities?) you could find many of the same things, but it would not be possible to enjoy them in a leisurely manner, or afford family yearly membership passes. Anyone offer thoughts on Asian cities? I lived in Japan for a year, and mostly agree with shiro's summary. I guess I would only add that Japan's identity is far more tied up in Tokyo (and vice versa) than any one U.S. city is indicative of the U.S. as a whole. Generally, when people cite Japanese culture, it is Tokyo culture they are referring to (and given the emphasis the Japanese themselves put on Tokyo, not inaccurately). What about cities in China and India (must be some natives or expats lurking here, no)? Africa? South America? Middle East? (Some cities from these regions have been mentioned, but very few compared to U.S. and Europe.) Did it really have to be said that he was considering cities in the aggregate, and specifically the things that distinguish them as opposed to the things they have in common? I'm picking on you, but several people have made similar points. I think we all know that any given city has different communities within it with different values, levels of affluence or lack thereof, etc. Did it really need to be made explicit? Yea, once I started thinking about the obvious kinds of things you mention, I couldn't take the article's premise seriously any more. Which is an important point. Steve Jobs was able to make it very clear that the most notable features of Vista were in OS X first. I was at the WWDC where Tiger was introduced and the posters said things like "Redmond, start your photocopiers", and "Introducing Longhorn" (Vista's previous code name). The brilliance of the Mac vs. PC adds is that it has been pounded into the subconscious of the consuming public that innovation happens on the Mac first and is eventually picked up by Windows sometime in the future. This means that the PR burden has now shifted to Microsoft to demonstrate that they actually can offer functionality that's not already available on a Mac. Which is not to say that PR can exist in a vacuum. If Apple didn't have some legitimate claim to being ahead of Microsoft in technology, the ads mocking PC would not be effective. (ps The long version of PC's country western song is brilliant. I especially like how they were able to work a rhyme of "Control-Alt-Delete" into the lyrics.) "What is wrong with MSFT simply copying Apple while maintaining compatibility and familiarity for its users?" I didn't say MSFT is doing something immoral by copying Apple. My point is that Apple has shifted perception such that MSFT, and specifically Vista, is now the butt of a joke. They have had external help, for sure, but Apple's relentless advertising campaign has certainly also contributed to making it so. So my argument is that, empirically, in the minds of many consumers the burden has shifted to Microsoft to prove they do not deserve ridicule. Whether or not that is "fair" is a separate matter. My mental models for grades today: B is the median. A is above average. C means you showed up and handed things in, but didn't really "get it". So, on this scale, D and F aren't really distinguishable. Either pretty much mean you didn't make an effort. I've been taking CS graduate classes part time with (who I consider to be) pretty smart people, so I am happy with an A and satisfied with a B. If I try and still get a C, I'll know that I didn't really belong in that class, at least without more preparatory work. Heh, that's the advantage of our boys still being young (4 and 6 now, 2 and 4 when we first moved here). They don't know any better than to think those activities are perfectly normal. We have successfully brainwashed them so far, and by the time they hit teenage peer pressure, it might be too late to undo the "damage" of a cultured mind :). The "under attended" part isn't all bad. Our boys can run around a little bit in Phipps Conservatory, for example, without many negative glances. We do live in a city neighborhood, so that might account for some of the difference. "If something comes from the government, you get one try" I tend to be skeptical of "progressive" political thinking, but must admit I was impressed by a quote I just heard in a documentary about Franklin Roosevelt. When someone asked of one of his policies, "Well, what if it doesn't work?" FDR's response was "Well, then we'll need to try something else." I don't hear that from either left or right. The only correct answer for a politician today is whatever their ideology dictates. Obama comes closest to escaping this box, occasionally, but even he has to pander to his base at times, I think. More so than any one particular gaffe, I think that Bush's biggest shortcoming has been his total unwillingness to "try something else." I think the point of the article is "...and it's working." There was a lot of skepticism at the time of acquabout whether youtube would ever provide enough revenue to justify it's purchase price. It appears now that the purchase was justified, and that the strengths of youtube and Google have complemented each other well. I think better type inferencing may bring strong typing back in vogue. I think what really makes programming in a "dynamic" language significantly more pleasant is not having to type (on the keyboard) type (int, Object, etc.) declarations. A strictly, statically typed language with a good type inferencing engine, like Scala or Haskell, makes a lot of this go away. I understand (though don't have enough experience to verify) that there are times that the type inferencing occasionally makes things harder when you get a type error and can't identify its source. But certainly a win overall compared to explicit types everywhere. I would say we've had it for a while now. Ever seen the things that people on a trading desk do with Excel? Or maybe VB, when they get daring. Generally something that gets the job done that they want it do. However, it is not going to be very extensible, no one besides the person who wrote it will be able to understand it (and maybe not even him), they will have no idea what to do if they want it to go faster, or if they need to make it work on the web, or integrate some data feed that doesn't have any easy way to import into Excel, or... In summary, we have programming for non-programmers, it works as well as can be expected, but sometimes you really, really need a programmer. I was required to take two semesters of Statistics as an undergrad. I didn't think it was especially difficult, but I didn't see applications for the things I was interested in (mainly Computational Linguistics at the time). A few years later, pretty much all Computation Linguistics/Natural Language Processing research revolved around Machine Learning approaches, which is largely Probability and Statistics applied in various ways. I really kicked myself for not taking Statistics more seriously at the time, and not learning more. I was away from this field for about a decade, but have been working with researchers in this field again in my current job and have been taking classes to catch up. In addition to Probability and Statistics, I've been learning Linear Algebra as fast as I can and want to take a course on Optimization. So, I suppose the moral of the story is: you never know when that particular branch of Mathematics that doesn't seem at all relevant to you might suddenly turn out to be very relevant. "Improvements to the PLT Scheme language include better syntax for modules, better support for optional and keyword function arguments, more expressive syntax for structure types, streamlined hash-table operations, new syntax for list comprehensions and iterations, a more complete and consistent set of list and string operations, and reduced dependence on mutable pairs." In the abstract, sounds like a Scheme that can compete with Python and Ruby. Stone soup. Quick summary: A stranger walks into a village, puts a pot on a fire, fills it with water and, in full view of the villagers, drops in a single stone. Curious, the villagers ask what he's up to. "Making stone soup." "You can make soup from a stone?" "Yes, it's very good. However, it's even better with a little bit of..." You see how this is going to go. One by one, the villagers bring some little thing or other to add to the stone soup, and in the end they all enjoy some, shocked at how good a soup made from a stone can taste. The relevance: The whole point of Scheme is to be a minimalist programming language. However, then someone says, "Yes, I love this minimal programming language. Very elegant. However, if you just had support for hash tables..." After several iterations of this, you have users of this programming language saying "Amazing how much you can do with this minimalist programming language..." Just took a class with this as the text. Very readable, without dumbing anything down. This book (by two of the same authors) is also good: http://nlp.stanford.edu/fsnlp/ I think many pseudo-code examples in text books are almost Python already, and that speaks well of Python as a language. "Executable pseudo-code", if you will. "And THANK YOU!!! for not using Flash." The whole "Objective-J" thing is fascinating. From this, looks like they have ported at least some of AppKit to compile into Javascript webapps: http://280slides.com/Editor/1212695713/DocumentController.j Looks like they have brought the Mac development experience to the web in a far more literal way than I expected. Candidate for new Haskell slogan: "Let the PhD grecophiles write your code, and _you_ earn the money." What fun is that? It's worked exceedingly well. Have you been tracking Apple's stock price over the past 8 years or so? How much? Hard to say. A lot depends on where you live and the cost of living there. If you're not in the Valley, NYC, or other high cost market you might be closer to your peers wherever it is that you live. On the other hand, if you are in the Valley, etc., maybe it's time to update your resume. :) It's prudent to gather pricing information before any large financial transaction, whether buying or selling stocks, an automobile, or a home. Why should searching for a job or asking for a raise be any different? Stumbled upon this while checking out the blog: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vgQO_kHl39g&fmt=18 Very impressive. The features in Dr. Scheme make for an excellent teaching environment, but look like they would work well for a working programmer, also. "Are they coding to a spec?" A spec is a description of the expected behavior of the program, NOT a description of what the code will look like. Unless we have a different conception of "spec"? If you are specifying the entire, detailed "design" upfront, you are not allowing for Hacking as a valid methodology (specifically, Bottom Up Programming). As we are discussing this on "Hacker News," I'm not sure we want to discredit Hacking as a valid model for software development. "And it isn't lack of incremental reviews." Aren't incremental reviews a valid part of project managemnt and software methodology? I think I would feel I was making other programmers do too much of my work if I just sent them code that I new was bad, and have them waste time to look at it and just confirm that, yes, it's bad. That's different, of course, from making your best effort and then asking someone who you think is good at programming to find all the places you could do better. I'm not sure that the examples you cite make the point you want to make. Objective C 2.0 just introduced properties. One of the main reasons for this is to avoid manually writing accessors. I'm pretty sure that in Rails, you just give an annotation (I probably got the terminology wrong here) indicating what attributes you want to make accessible. Again, no manually written accessors. I suppose this is different from the argument made by the article, but it is still an argument against WRITING accessor methods. Whatever benefits there are for having some kind of accessors mechanism, certainly there is no good reason for having to explicitly write methods to implement them. I never saw the point in writing "private int theNumber" immediately followed by "public int getTheNumber() { return theNumber; } public void setTheNumber(int n) { theNumber = n; }" "I guess, that's the point of the author, to enforce encapsulation, but by limiting the actions to only "verbs", the author is restricing the user of that object to what he thinks he should be doing." Yes, this is definitely one of the tenants of (at least some definitions of) Object Oriented programming. Arguments for this include giving an object the ability to ensure some kind of contract is maintained, which becomes impossible if you can arbitrarily change certain values without making sure that other values are also updated appropriately. Making data private and making all changes only through public methods makes it possible to guarantee that data inside the object remains in a consistent state. You may not find this a convincing argument, but it is a widely accepted part of OO methodology. Is 280 North using this? Their "Objective-J" source code looks like a very similar idea, at least. To follow up, we posted this last night just before bed time. When he woke up this morning, I showed him how many comments there were in this discussion and showed him the page you created. He got a huge smile on his face. By the time I left for work, he was playing Rescue Heroes with his brother. :) Thank you, everyone, for the words of encouragement and the constructive criticisms. I agree that just mindlessly praising anything a kid does can be bad, and I immediately thought of many of the criticisms raised here when my son made told me his idea. However, I wanted to present his idea without any editing or adornment on my part, because then it wouldn't be his idea any longer. I will definitely save this discussion and go over it with my son again later when he's better able to grasp the arguments. I find that, when introducing a new idea, it doesn't seem to totally "take" at first. However, a few days later, it somehow has been fully absorbed and he's able to generalize and make appropriate inferences from the idea. Thanks again! Anyone find any clever ideas, designs, idioms in the code yet? I'm not interested in starting a reddit clone, but am interested in reading interesting code. The one file I glanced through was readable, straightforward, and concise, the hallmarks of good Python style. That's a very good thing, but I'm wondering if they've done anything especially clever, or implemented anything generally applicable beyond the realm of discussion sites. Not that they should. Clear, concise, readable, simple code that builds on existing, open code wherever possible is a wonderful recipe for success. But I'm still interested in whether they went beyond that anywhere. I imagine there are still people who consider Mac Word 5.1 the high point for word processing software. A good user interface, with a good set of features, with good performance and reasonable resource requirements. If all you want to do with your word processor is edit documents, Mac Word 5.1 was a close to optimal solution for many users. "Yes, Hulu's content is attractive, but it's different from Youtube's content, which is attractive for other reasons." Is Youtube's content attractive for reasons that would make it just as profitable as Hulu's content? Cuban is arguing that it is not. "I'd like it to be HD with no Ads" The Pointy Haired Boss: "Lets give the customers what they want." Dilbert: "What they want is better products for free." Preach it Carl! "They reward the CEO with pay packages and bonuses when the stock is floundering or the CEO is leaving the company. Corporate performance and the shareholders welfare seldom enter the picture. What kind of democracy is this? There is no accountability." I don't mind CEOs who make a lot of money for shareholders also making a lot of money for themselves. But CEOs doing a bad job and still making extravagant sums because of quid pro quo relationships among the executive class is nothing short of fraud. That is certainly not mainline Christian theology. Although it might be the view of many sitting in pews who have not seriously contemplated their faith. Googling "faith works" will get you far more than you care to know about the topic. Burying the lede: "Parents still report feeling a greater sense of purpose and meaning in their lives than those who've never had kids." So "happiness" or "sense of purpose and meaning." Take your pick. "A seminar on great books at Princeton jointly taught by two philosophers, the left-wing Cornel West and the right-wing Robert P. George." I'd like to hear that. I don't understand. The article seems to be about faculty becoming more diverse in outlook as older professors retire, unless I am misunderstanding something? Clojure might be a good choice. Implemented out of the box, it should get Java's Unicode support for free. "It's true that for some problems (web development being a good example) there are better tools (scripting languages, databases)..." most likely implemented in C. What's the answer to the p, q, r question? Thanks! Anyone here in the 'Burgh and interested in machine learning and/or anything related to natural language/comp ling? I'm a research programmer at CMU, taking classes in the above areas with my tuition benefit to get back up to speed (I had previously been out of this field for several years). I'm interested in talking to and/or meeting anyone with similar interests and an entrepreneurial bent (or any hackers doing something entrepreneurial in Pittsburgh at all, for that matter). Echoing jey, I don't see anything in what you are saying that contradicts pg or Wumi. I think pg was pretty clear that there is a continuum of popularity, and nerds are at one of the extreme points on that scale. "If you went back in time now, would you not be able to do it better?" In some ways, probably not. I just wouldn't be as stressed about it. I still really don't have much in common with the people with whom I went to high school, and I still don't think it would be worth sacrificing any of the things I enjoy and that have led me to the life I have now (imperfect as it is) in order to get the kids I went to high school with to like me more. "He'd be monster cool, and still effortlessly ace all exams." Such people do not exist, given the "effortlessly" part. I think there is a consensus now that "talent" is mostly the end product of a lot of effort. Because outside observers do not see all of the hard work, only the end product, they infer that there must be some "talent" thing that explains why the other person can do things he cannot. I believe pg made this point, arguing that the reason that nerds do not exert the effort necessary to become popular is that it would detract from the effort they can exert towards the things that are really important to them. "in other words, no. you probably won't become more popular by trying. wearing the right clothes, and doing all sorts of things that the popular kids do will only make you look like a poser. the popular kids don't do those things to be popular, that's just what you see on the surface." Can't find it right now, but I read a Zen of Cool test where a man is brought into a room full of clothes, and asked which outfit is coolest. The correct answer: "Whatever I put on." "Can't we distinguish between interaction and friendship?" The point of the article is that this distinction is very much blurred in the online world. We have networks that support all kinds of social interaction, but we call the act of establishing interaction "friending" someone. Well, what does that mean? That you're going to spend all your time chatting about science? Or that you're talking about where the cool parties are. The original article mentioned that the author checked out a young lady's blog after she sent him a friend request, and quickly found out more than he wanted to know about her personal life. I think that reflects different expectations of boundaries and privacy, even between 31 and 20 year olds. I would like to add Clojure to the languages discussed. It add macros and metaprogramming and real functional programming to Java, while keeping the library support and deployability. So, as other programming languages borrow what is good about Lisp, Clojure is a Lisp that has borrowed much of what is good about Java. "Example: you can make all your variables private to better "minimize accessibility of variables", but that requires elaborate accessor methods which increase "vertical complexity"." No. don't create accessors and don't access the data in private variables outside of the scope in which they are defined. Accessors, in most cases I have seen, simply outright defeat the entire purpose of having a private keyword to begin with. EDIT: replaced CAPS with italic emphasis, in order to reduce decibel level. I now have a name for my coding style! The email-send-function-case-study he links to pretty much follows the way I write code (when forced to write Java here at work). I think this is one of the failings of Common Lisp. For the example of snarfing a file into a single string, here are some examples of the fun you can have: http://www.emmett.ca/~sabetts/slurp.html http://www.tfeb.org/lisp/obscurities.html#SNARFING-FILES http://www.codecodex.com/wiki/index.php?title=Read_a_file_in... http://www.cl-user.net/asp/html-docs/process-file-snippset According to the first link, this turns out to be the most efficient and most idiomatic way to do it: (defun slurp-stream5 (stream) (let ((seq (make-array (file-length stream) :element-type 'character :fill-pointer t))) (setf (fill-pointer seq) (read-sequence seq stream)) seq)) Makes sense once you know what all the pieces mean, but not the first thing a new Common Lisp programmer will think of. Then, in the SNARFING-FILES link, turns out it's not correct for all files, anyway, and the "correct" version is considerably longer. EDIT: Oops. The code I pasted DID include the proper file length check (at the cost of reading into an array of characters, instead of a string). So ignore the last sentence of my (unedited) post. Alternatively, perhaps it is time to treat MSFT like the dividend stock that it is, acknowledge that it has probably peaked as an industry force, and channel the slowly ebbing value accumulated into shares of MSFT into grand philanthropic ventures. I think Bill chose this route. Not movies, but the premise to a large percentage of all sit-coms ever made. Which library is that? A similar technique is covered in this book, under "Wildcard Queries." http://www-csli.stanford.edu/~hinrich/information-retrieval-... (see page 38 in the pdf for chapter 3) "If Microsoft did this, there would be a swarm of complaints, and rightly so." In Cringely's interview of Steve Jobs from "Revenge of the Nerds", Jobs says that he doesn't begrudge Microsoft their success. It just bothers him that they have absolutely no taste. I agree that Apple (particularly under Jobs) is no better than Microsoft in terms of wanting to lock in all of their customers and extract as much money from them as humanly possible. However, I do think that Apple (particularly under Jobs) exhibits outstanding taste in software and hardware design. In particular, the combination of iTunes and iPod, while striving to lock customers in and not playing fairly with others, is far more usable and aesthetically pleasing than all of the sorry attempts by Microsoft to solve the same set of problems. I think the fact that so many people LIKE Apple's products is part of the reason why not as many people get upset at Apple's anti-competitive behavior. Anyone know what the reply was? "Even in a more ordinary circumstance, male bosses can wield power in a way that would label their female cohorts 'ice queens'." I suspect that those male bosses are equally called names and disliked. They just don't give a damn. I wonder if women bosses just have a bigger aversion to being strongly disliked? (Rhetorical question here. I really don't know. I've had several different male and female bosses at this point, but haven't really experienced behavior from either that would make me want to call them bad names.) Can't remember the name of the author or the book, but he addressed the issue of the Vikings "discovering" the Americas before Columbus. Well yes, in the sense that they were physically there earlier. But the author pointed out that rarely has a "discovery" had so little impact. For better or worse, Columbus' "discovery" led to mapping, further exploring, trading, colonization, etc. etc. (pillaging, plundering, exploiting, if you prefer). Which is why it is the one that gets mentioned in more history books. If I'm being too subtle, Windows Mobile is the Vikings and iPhone Columbus in the above analogy. "It was like this on the desktop, so the web should change to be more like the desktop because that way I don't have to change." Or "It was like this on the desktop, so my users demand that it be just that way on the web version, too, so they don't have to change." "I had always assumed that SFTP was always and only SSH transfers, just like using `scp`." Which brings up what I was wondering, what use cases do SFTP/FTPS/FSTP etc. satisfy that a combination of scp and rsync do not? Maybe better for GUI client and file browser interfaces? "I proudly got a D on an English paper once, when the topic was "how does the symbolism help us understand what the author is telling us", where I answered that it didn't help in the slightest," I think I've already used this story once on HN, but what the heck. The assignment was to address Orientalism in Antony and Cleopatra. I pointed out several instances of Orientalism in Antony and Cleopatra, then as a conclusion, said that I actually didn't think there was really any Orientalism in Antony and Cleopatra at all, but "found" some to fulfill the assignment. When I got my paper back, it had positive remarks in the margins, until the remark at the end saying "Jim, we need to talk about this." I got an A in that class. Just want to second this. I just read much of the spec this summer, and was surprised how directly the byte codes corresponded to Java semantics. Anyone want to contrast OCaml with Scala? Scala is also multi-paradigm and has type inferencing. What would the differences be (to someone learning Scala, but no experience with OCaml)? Yes, but the MacBook Air addresses the main problem with the "netbook" computers. It has a large screen and keyboard, while still being ridiculously light and thin. So, if you can make netbooks thin and light but still wide (for keyboard and screen), and still cheap, you pretty much eliminate the only remaining argument for more "full featured" laptops. For now, it seems thin, light, and wide is enough of an engineering challenge that it's only possible for expensive notebooks. But it will be interesting to see if that will change. "The best that we can say is that both approaches provide advantages." The best we can say is that Fitts's Law says that the one menu bar approach is better, and I do not know of any UI research or design principles at all favoring the one-menu-bar-per-window approach. http://www.asktog.com/basics/firstPrinciples.html#fittsLaw "Fitts' law (properly, but rarely, spelled "Fitts's Law") dictates the Macintosh pull-down menu acquisition should be approximately five times faster than Windows menu acquisition, and this is proven out." "Napster was pretty big." Then you could also include iTunes, bringing us back to the Apple discussion. "Today, in terms of numbers, women have outpaced men in biological and agricultural sciences" Then why not equal concern about men falling behind in these sciences, as for women not keeping pace in computer science degrees? Anecdotal, but the article does cite the Patriots offensive line as high scorers on the Wonderlic. They are also considered probably the best offensive line in football. But, yeah, Gladwell raises a lot of surprising points in that talk. "i am sort of liking the design / layout of the search" Did it strike anyone else that this is one of the ideas that Y-combinator said it would like to fund? (beating Google at design in the search space) Sounds like he has a Y-combinator style of investing in media companies. Relatively "small" investments (1MM in his case), but outsize influence in his ability to make personal connections between people who can complement each other. I thought someone else said that it sounds like a French word for rear end. Do all the French words for naughty body parts sound the same, or what? Nah, still 8 games under .500. http://sports.espn.go.com/mlb/standings For 16 years running, now. Sigh. "I’m sure it’ll still suck at the end. But with your help, less. Much, much less! With any luck, we might even flirt with.. wait for it.. not sucking! A man’s gotta dream." Cuil probably should have had text resembling this in all their press releases. Nothing like setting expectations where you have a chance to exceed them. "His story ended in success as he quit pitching and went on to become the great hitter and position player that he is now." Kinda like Babe Ruth (the pitcher to position player part, not the Ankiel is as good as Ruth). In a good way or a bad way? Yep. My family is in the Greenfield neighborhood, and most of what you say is true there, too. The neighborhoods of Pittsburgh make a nice compromise of being city life yet affordable to families. No. People will just build more residences until supply and demand meet a happy medium. Rent control actively pushes prices up for everyone by discouraging new development (unless you win the rent control lottery). Of course, there will be certain ultra trendy neighborhoods that will still be out of reach for all but the wealthy. But allowing developers to build new residences in urban areas make it more likely that poor, just out of college graduates will have some place they can afford to live. And if you think it is not possible to build new residences in already urban areas: note the article says that residences in lower Manhattan have doubled to house 50,000 people since 2001. I remember moving to Manhattan in 2000, and not realizing at first almost all of the people pushing strollers around were not mothers, but nannies. The lack of physical resemblance to the children (nannies generally darker in skin tone) should have clued me in sooner. 'the area adjacent to downtown, uptown/"The Bluff"' Isn't that The Hill (or am I not following your geography)? One irony I find in this is that I studied Japanese (along with my Logic and Computation major) because I thought it was hard. Although, I wish I had some of the lenient teachers you describe :). I didn't have much trouble with memorizing words, grammar rules, etc. But speaking and listening real time I found to be quite a challenge. And I can empathize with people who had trouble reading Japanese at a 4th grade level :). Wasn't there an article on here a while back about the difficulties of studying Chinese compared to other European languages? I related to much of that. "probably makes a tenth as much money." Really? CEOs have been doing pretty darn well recently. Put it this way: in most cases it is probably a CEO deciding how much to pay that celebrity. I'm skeptical that the CEO is going to pay the celebrity more than he's paying himself. ARod is rich. But he's not in the same league as George Steinbrenner. I wonder how the screens compare. I know when I bought my MacBook Pro, it had a higher pixel density than most PC laptops with similar screens, and that got lost in a lot of comparisons. Slimness and weight are sometimes also overlooked. PC notebooks equally slim or light as the Mac equivalent are often more expensive than the Mac model. Does that $699 PC have equal or better pixel density to the equivalent Mac model? Is it as skinny? (I honestly don't know. It's been about 3 years since I last looked.) And China seems to appear out of nowhere in 1984. Was that their first year participating? That's an awesome map! Thanks for the link! Yes, and Apple licensed Amazon's patent. Yes, point taken. However, I can imagine people seeing "$999" and some pattern recognition firing in their brain interpreting it as "$9.99" because that would be a more reasonable price for an iPhone app, and clicking "Buy" before the rational part of the brain realized the error. So I imagine that the whole point of setting an iPhone app price at $999 was to scam people in exactly this way. Maybe a modification to one-click would be a "are you really, really sure" dialog for suspiciously high prices. This person, of course, does not have this excuse, because they did correctly interpret "$999", and clicked anyway. "Get cooler with age" That definitely puts me in the pro-Jazz Programmer camp. "How do you fall in love? Is there a set of best practices and a six-sigma process?" I don't know, but "The Six-sigma Process for Romance; Taking the Guesswork out of Finding Love" sounds like the title of a New York Times Bestseller to me. I think Yegge goes beyond that, though. He presents "make something you, yourself, want" as the key to making something others want. If I understand edw519 correctly, he is saying "bust your butt and do a lot of very hard work to see the world through your customers eyes," in order to to make something others want. The Apple process seems to be "make something Steve Jobs wants." It seems to work pretty well. "A manufacturer of these devices cannot be a user, because they'd be dead..." Well, unless you're Tony Stark. Different brand. The Eee brand meant something else, and could have become the label for an entire product category. As "iPod" replaced "MP3 player", "Eee" had the potential to replace "real computer small enough to take anywhere without thinking about it too much." This is the brand whose demise Eric Sink laments. Why? You should be sure that "rewriting from scratch" is going to give your users some concrete benefit that will make them like your site even more, and you should be sure that "rewriting from scratch" is the easiest way to give your users those benefits. Why would I choose AppJet over, say, Google App Engine? I haven't used either, but they seem to advertise similar use cases. As you point out, AppJet lets me use just one programming language, whereas App Engine you're going to be using Python on the backend, Javascript in the browser. Google has a proven track record in scalability. Are there other important differences between them? Seeing the first code example on that page told me far more about what Cilk actually is than that entire press release. I liked the first and third ones. The second, not so much. "Mozilla is working on a much more ambitious initiative called Screaming Monkey that will make it possible to plug Mozilla's entire next-generation JavaScript engine directly into Microsoft's web browser." Embrace and extend, anyone? I like Mozilla's chutzpa. I'd like to suggest Common Lisp as a language that did a much better job of piling a ton of features into one language. http://abhishek.geek.nz/docs/features-of-common-lisp One simple example: Common Lisp is multi-paradigm, but has a soft spot for functional programming. So Common Lisp's Object System (CLOS), is implemented around generic functions and multiple dispatch. And generic functions are just as first class as any other function (I think, can anyone confirm this?). Another example: supporting type declarations as hints to the compiler, but not mandating their use. This greatly reduces the "cognitive load" of this feature until you really need it. Can't you say the same thing for most arts and entertainments? Not much "practical" benefit to be had, but that's kind of the point of a diversion. We're right. I've been learning Prototype, just because I'm working on code that already uses it. Anyone have a Cliff's notes of the key differences between jQuery and Prototype? As the father of two boys, this was my favorite part: "But seven-year-old boys are not interested in making lanterns from coffee tins. They want to shoot bows and arrows, preferably at one another, chop wood with stone-hewn axes and sink canoes, preferably while in them." All true. If IE users are all ignorant of other browsers, how did FireFox manage to eat into their market share? Or is it that every IE user who could be enticed to switch browsers have already switched? "Old LISPer that I am, I also looked at various current dialects of Lisp and Scheme—but, as is historically usual for Lisp, lots of clever design was rendered almost useless by scanty or nonexistent documentation, incomplete access to POSIX/UNIX facilities, and a small but nevertheless deeply fragmented user community." I find this still a pretty accurate assessment of the world of Lisp, 8 years on. I'm keeping an eye on Clojure, though, as a potential break in this pattern. I much prefer PAIP. For example, AIAMA does not seem to have anything approaching the PAIP chapters on how to optimize code. Some of which is specific to Common Lisp, but much of which is applicable to any programming language. Anyone have a differing opinion? EDIT: er, besides the author himself, I mean. This was also prescient: "I know burn rates are important, but you'll only get one shot at this, and if you blow it, it's over." I would say this is basically what happened with the Segway. I read this before, but still love this conversation with his Google manager: Me: I'd like to talk to you about something... Him: Let me guess - you want to use Smalltalk. Me: Er, no... Him: Lisp? Me: Right. Him: No way. I just find it an amusing encapsulation of how so many of the high achieving people that Google hires like to program in high productivity languages like Lisp, Smalltalk, Ruby (see Yegge) but Google keeps a tight rein on it by keeping the languages they will deploy on their servers down to 4 or so (Python, C++, Java and Javascript being the 4 I've heard). mean or median? I think there is something going on here that our society is having a hard time coming to terms with. We continue to find ways to increase productivity and increase wealth. But, there is increasingly little correlation between that and increases in wages. Or, perhaps, an inverse correlation. We are probably misunderestimating the impact this is going to have on our society. "far far above it's productive level, then why not make the minimum wage $70k/yr for everyone?" I'm intrigued with the idea of the government just delivering a bucket of money to every household once a year. An advantage is that you place some sort of floor under everyone's income, that would mitigate against basic poverty issues like homelessness, no money for food or health care, etc. Another advantage is that everyone still has the same incentives to work, because they can get ahead without worrying about losing their assistance from being too successful. And (bringing back to HN) having certain necessities taken care of could enable risk taking and entrepeneurship. Basically, the government paying for you ramen noodles, instead of pg :). I know there are lots of potential problems with this idea, but I've seen it proposed before, and think it makes a good starting point for a discussion of thinking of things like poverty, minimum wage, health care, etc. in a different way. You're happy with the trade off of getting higher capacity in your ipod, versus skyrocketing costs for basics like food and energy against flat incomes? It's no longer as clear as it once seemed that steady increases in the standard of living for the common man can be taken as a given. I was assuming others would immediately find problems with the idea that I hadn't thought of. I really don't know what the downsides are. Thanks for the link! Interesting to see Alaska mentioned as an example of this idea, especially given current political discussions. The article seems like a good tutorial for learning regex constructions, with the examples chosen good motivation for learning. I'm intrigued by the idea of Lisps built on top of other run-times. Clojure is the example here that all the cool kids are talking about. But I just notice Nu in the list of functional languages the article mentions, which is a Lisp built on top of Objective C. The creator of Nu points out he wanted a Lisp to extend C, and that Objective C provided a dynamic run time to build on while still allowing the incorporation of straight C code. I suspect there is a good .Net Lisp out there somewhere, I just don't know what it is. Building a Lisp on top of these languages gives you macros, code as data, culture of functional programming, etc. while still making all of the underlying libraries available. I thought this was a great analogy to express your conclusion: "It was like a weather forecaster in Houston last weekend talking about the onset of Hurricane Ike by giving the average wind speed for the previous month." Not so. "So some trading desks took the most arcane security, made of slices of mortgages, and entered it into the computer if it were a simple bond with a set interest rate and duration." I find the lying to your doctor analogy very good to describe this kind of behavior. Just read the slides. The two comparing s-expressions ("ugly, evil, and an insidious plot hatched by misbegotten academics") and XML ("a hip, cool, great new idea") I found to be particularly brilliant. That was really outstanding (as Mr. Stephenson often is). Good move substituting his argument for yours, as I didn't think you had much of a point, but now I think maybe you do. :) I thought that spelling was not standardized in his day, so that any one of a number of variations would have been acceptable? http://shakespeareauthorship.com/name1.html "At the peak of my JPL career I attained the rank of Principal, which is the highest rung on the technical career ladder whose existence is publicly known. (It turns out there are "secret" promotions you can get after that.)" So, that's when you get to work on all the X-Files stuff? Politics has little direct relevance to hackers, in their capacity as hackers. Economic and financial news may very well have enormous impact and relevance for entrepreneurial hackers, which I think is a large part of the hackers who follow Hacker News. Wow. You must have a pretty high threshold for Black Swans. The other complaints are: - not much in terms of community to help answer questions or maintain your code, whether a guy down the hallway, documentation, or answers to questions you can Google for - much greater probability of a random library existing for PHP than for Lisp (which is perhaps another case of the first point) I keep coming back to Clojure as a way to do Lisp and still get many of the benefits of building on a popular platform (Java, in Clojure's case). Did you know you can run a shell inside Emacs? I get frustrated when running a shell in a regular terminal. They all implement some subset of emacs editing keystrokes, but never all of them, and the subsets are different. It's wonderful having all editing, searching, etc. functionality of emacs available when typing in your shell. I wrote some Emacs Lisp to jump to the line of a javac syntax error, or stack trace line with a single keystroke. Combining that with the ability to run a shell and browse log files comes in very handy. I also have a macro that searches for the Java symbol under the cursor. It misses a bunch of edge cases, but still very useful. All of this in just 55 lines of elisp. How many lines does it take to write "Hello, World!" as an Eclipse plug in? I don't think you addressed the argument. You can set up whatever legal arrangements you want. But marriage is a sensible default for the majority of people, thus specifically written into specific laws to make our society function more smoothly. If you want a custom arrangement that is less in demand, that is going to have some higher costs and less convenience for you. But that is true of many things, heavily customized products are often more costly and inconvenient than just buying the show room floor model. I think this is what the post you responded to is arguing for, not some prohibition on non-standard living arrangements. "It would be very good if those rights/responsibilities could be unbundled from marriage." The opposite of this is why many people are advocating allowing same sex couples to participate in marriage. It is difficult to assemble exactly the parts of the marriage rights/responsibilities that you want in a legally binding way. Just getting the whole package with the label "marriage" is a big benefit. http://www.theonion.com/content/node/39236 Did you have trouble converting the characters for "computer" to katakana, or was that just an oversight? I'm pretty sure I'll find a use for this at some point. Thanks! Most likely, it takes extra engineering investment to gain the weight and size reduction that you are hoping for by removing the optical drive. I mean, they could just put some kind of doohickey in that empty space to cover it up, but I really don't think that's what people want. From the design specs describing how the new MacBook/Pro is basically carved from a single hunk of aluminum (or something) it's probably even harder to engineer another form factor without the disk. Or, more accurately, they already did and called it MacBook Air. "Porsche's output is tiny compared to that of Ford." Apple has 3.6% of the world computer market. iTunes was an acquisition. So was GarageBand. And I think some other software acquisitions that directly made their hardware more valuable. I think that says a lot about how Apple's acquisitions strategy. Although, they also bought PA Semi, and we still don't know yet just what they're doing with them. Somehow, I've managed to have more women bosses than men bosses in my programming career. I've never had a problem communicating with them, or felt uncomfortable voicing my opinion. I suppose that's different, though, than having the coworkers mostly female, too. Mind you, I am not saying that I have any complaints about my own experience. The women in question have been good bosses, and mostly have let me use my own judgment in deciding how to complete the tasks assigned to me. For those of us programming as an employee, for the most part I think this is all we really want. Maybe this is why I have a hard time accepting programs that seek to pump indifferent women into computer science/programming fields. I can't relate to the idea that women are discriminated against in this field when, more often than not, it has been a woman telling me what to do. For what it's worth, most of these women seemed more than happy to let others do the implementation and make technical decisions, while they focused more on the parts of the work that require human interaction. This is not to say that they did not understand the technical questions or were incapable of doing the implementation, just that it did not seem to interest them as strongly as the inter-personal aspects. Having said that, I don't have any objections to this program being offered to help women entrepreneurs. I agree with the sentiments expressed elsewhere that men in women dominated fields find the same need to talk to men who have "been there" and can relate to the minority experience. "It's not really a sex issue:" Nope. It's totally a sex issue. I still think it's a fine thing to do. But this is just a ridiculous statement. I lived in Japan twice for the summer, and once for a whole year. I was really into Japanese culture and language, and was very excited to immerse myself in the whole experience all 3 times. For the two summers, this was not a problem. I took the same approach for my year long stay. However, after month 4 or 5, I totally burned out. I was spending all week and all weekend speaking Japanese, which I was improving at a lot, but still required a lot more mental effort than speaking English. Beyond that, there are just lots of little cultural things to always be mindful of and this added a small but constant burden, too. It was at this time that I started attending an English speaking church, attended by ex-pats. One thing I discovered was that, even if the person was Taiwanese and we were speaking Japanese because that was the one common language between us, we still agreed on the same things that were weird about Japan. Having this support group made a world of difference. I was still in a Japanese environment, spending most days speaking mostly Japanese, but I had an outlet. I suspect this is what women get from having female connections in the CS/programming world. As much as our society sometimes tries to ignore the fact, men and women are different enough that it is occasionally necessary to get away from the other culture and retreat into your own, even if only to hear someone agree about how weird the other culture can be. "And unlike, say, a Gay Men's Chorus" Did you see the episode of Will and Grace, where Matt Damon pretends to be gay because that is the only way he can get accepted into the men's chorus group? I describe experiencing this kind of thing in Japan elsewhere in this thread. I thought some orchestras started having blind auditions, where the performer is behind some kind of opaque barrier? I've seen reports that Asian Americans have now replaced Jewish Americans' historic role as having an upper limit quota for how many to admit. Does that fit with your experience? I think that the University of California system has higher percentages of Asian Americans than other academically comparable institutions since California banned affirmative action. I would place that responsibility on the person to get better at communicating. People of the opposite sex aren't aliens. It should be possible to get your ideas across if you put effort into understanding their world view. Now, if your ideas are not received because of existing prejudice, that's a different issue. As a white man who loves basketball and would have loved to have been better at it at a younger age, I would be all for a Black Basketballers Mentoring White Basketballer Wannabes Assocation! So...you are suggesting Apple sell a computer for less than the average profit margin on their current line of computers (or about there, I'm guessing). And this will help them how, exactly? What's the break even point for them to get to their current level of profit? Do you even know if it is possible to make a profit at all selling a $200 computer capable of running OS X? What kind of hardware are we talking about here? A just as likely scenario from selling $200 computers is Apple going out of business, I would think. Apple's strategy is basically to skim off all of the best customers from their competitors and make lots of profits by doing so. Meanwhile, the rest of the industry need to walk a tight rope between small enough margins to sell a larger volume than their competitors, but not so small as to be negative. Judging by the profit growth Apple has seen in recent years compared to their competitors, I think it's working pretty well for them. I don't own a copy of Delicious Monster, but people who do would probably fit your demographic very well. Don't know if there are enough of them to justify import functionality. Warren Buffet is a national treasure. Aren't the people who play game number 1 largely responsible for the current financial mess? Maybe not day traders per se, but that sort of mentality of everyone thinking they are in the top few percent of investors and able to beat the market. Up mod for Ben Stein homage. "gimmicky" is simply the pejorative form of "novel, clever, or rule-breaking." "The abrogation of responsibility by the many for their own lives and the arrogation of authority/magical-ability/etc. by the few (and the selling of that to increase power/profit at the expense of everyone else) is exactly the underlying mechanism that created the emergent, systemic failures." Do you not see how this leads directly to an argument against libertarianism? Many individuals (and firms) made decisions that turned out not to be rational and did not suit their interests. In turn, this led to a collapse that has negatively impacted even those who did not make poor decisions. Arguably, this collapse could have been much worse without decidedly non-libertarian intervention. In short, human beings, in aggregate, are not good enough decision makers for strong libertarianism to be a viable way to structure our affairs. Yea, but what about Freedom Fries? "But now it just seems mean." This is Microsoft you are talking about. One thing Microsoft can never, ever earn is the right to sympathy. You may say that business is cut throat, and thus Microsoft's pitiless, air supply choking history is entirely justified. But feeling sorry for Microsoft because someone is mocking them is just absurd. They have richly earned several lifetimes of ridicule. "If Apple can't market it's products on their own features" I might be able to accept this technique if I could see any evidence of Microsoft actually advertising their features. What the heck is "I'm a PC" advertising? Can you point out the features highlighted in those commercials? What about the "Wow." commercials before that? I'm trying to remember the last Microsoft commercial I saw that actually advertised a feature of its products. The iPhone ads are almost entirely about features, and brilliantly done. As others have pointed out, many of the "I'm a Mac/PC" ads have highlighted differences between Macs and PCs. I don't see how Microsoft has any standing when it comes to complaining about advertising based on actual product features. MSFT price is essentially unchanged over the last 10 years. "the Linpus Linux Lite operating system" Do you really want to pick a brand name with the word "pus" in it? Clojure has squiggly brace syntax for map literals, and multiple shortcuts for map lookups. E.g. both (map :key) or (:key map) return the value for :key in map (I think). Arc has similar syntax shortcuts for hashes (but sticks with parentheses): http://ycombinator.com/arc/tut.txt arc> (let h (obj x 1 y 2) (h 'y)) 2 This is a key failing of Java, but you can make it hurt a little less with syntax like: Map map = new HashMap () {{ put("x", 1); put("y", 2); }} This abuses the fact that a brace after a constructor invocation indicates the creation of an anonymous inner subclass, and the second brace indicates code to be executed at instantiation time. So this "double brace initialization" has become a Java idiom. Still pretty awful, I know. I'm not sure if anyone has been able to use generics and varargs to create a map generating static function, but it might be possible. Something like: Map m = map("x", 1, "y", 2); I think the trouble is with automatically extracting the key value types from the varargs array. I think I have seen the approach: Map m = map(kv("x", 1), kv("y", 2)); where kv would just create a key value pair. That way you can make the generics inference come out right. All of this does make a pretty good argument for Python, Ruby, Javascript, etc. UPDATE: just found this: http://nicolas.lehuen.com/index.php/post/2006/10/07/113-java... // Example usage : import static Literals.map; Map example = map("hello",1).map("world",2).map("!",3); Pick your poison. I actually made this point once while working for Apple, saying it was like thinking about whether the other side had won World War II. But I think the point still stands that Microsoft has managed to cause far more harm during their reign than Apple, precisely because they have been more successful. I also think that Apple is somewhat constrained in the damage they can do, because Steve Jobs wants to be a Tyrant of Taste, more so than Ruler of All He Surveys. He has little interest, for example, in the mass business market or the clunky boxes at the bottom of the market. To have Apple branded boxes at that price range, with all the compromises that entails, seems to horrify Jobs. As for other product areas, probably the most tyrannical is iTunes. But even there, the damage is constrained by the fact that the majority of people still just pirate their music, anyway. Just to reiterate, what you say is true, and I pointed out I conceded pretty much your major points to coworkers at Apple when I worked there (it was just a couple coworkers, and just a one time comment, but it did get a laugh of agreement). My only argument is that Apple has caused much less damage than Microsoft because they have been less successful, and in that sense Microsoft maintains the greater negative karma balance. Difference between attempted murder and committed murder, I suppose. I suspect age difference has an effect, here. Since Netscape was taken down, we've seen a world where hackers can execute an idea and become successful based on their execution, sometimes abundantly so. I do not think it's accidental that this period largely coincides with Microsoft losing their anti-trust case. Before then, Microsoft would just wait until a market formed, then take it over or destroy it by bundling something with one of their monopoly products. People who had a dream of creating a successful software business knew Microsoft's business practices made that extremely unlikely. So, yes, many developers who were around during Microsoft's heyday likely are carrying a grudge that must seem juvenile to anyone familiar with the much less threatening Microsoft of today. Whether it's juvenile to have bad feelings towards an organization that snuffed out a lot of optimism and ambition, I'll leave to you to decide. "He could not bring himself to ship a crappy product." Interesting to see this quote from Jobs during today's Apple earnings call: "We don't know how to make a $500 computer that's not a piece of junk, and our DNA will not let us ship that. But we can continue to deliver greater and greater value to those customers that we choose to serve. And there's a lot of them." Almost like he knew we were having this conversation. :) Interesting how the Clojure talk came as the culmination of the day's talks. Sounds like the Common Lisp people might be giving Clojure a serious look. To a large extent, OS X gives the best of both worlds. From the command line, things look very much like you describe (but not exactly, Apple often has different conventions and names for things than Linux, say). That application you just downloaded is just a directory with a ".app" extension. You can browse its directory structure and find all of the resources for the application, all residing in their conventional locations. But using the Finder, you just see the application's icon. If you double click it, it launches. This is just one of the ways that Apple manages to have Unix underneath, but not expose it to users who don't want to care that it's there. "...and thus parting with their money." If I'm not misunderstanding the Y-Combinator philosophy (for lack of a better term), this is premature optimization. Focus on making something people want, and you will then be able to find a way to persuade people to part with their money. 1 - 3 above should, I think, be highly correlated with "make something people want." (To pre-empt charges of "appeal to authority", consider this an argument with a proper citation. :) Did you cash out because you suspected the market was due for a big correction? Or were you just lucky to have assets in cash at the right time? "But the big banks were the most regulated part of the financial system, and they have imploded." I think this is not true. It is my understanding that it was the big, less regulated investment houses that got into a lot of trouble with mortgage securities. The heavily regulated retail/commercial banks haven't suffered nearly as much. Unless we are defining "banks" differently...? ? "Bill and Mary get their loans from (at best) a grey market "paycheck advance" outfit, pawnshops, or (eventually) the mob" Or maybe Bill and Mary finally realize they don't really need a lot of the crap they have been going in to debt to pay for? Maybe too much to hope for. "Ours is the first generation with the technology to enable it." The last century was full of promises of "the n hour work week", with n much less than 40. Clojure seems to tackle this problem by having different "iterable" data types (lists, hashes, vectors), but having them implement a common interface that allows many functions to operate on all of them. "This whole attitude of now, now, now, seems very against the hacker ethos." But perhaps in tune with the entrepreneur ethos? The real possible "beginning of the end" problem is the popularity of $300 netbooks, and Microsoft only getting $30 on these versus $70 for a more "traditional" PC. If this trend continues to accelerate, the revenue Microsoft gets per PC will steadily decline and likely offset the increase in revenue from increased volume. Linux and OS X probably won't overtake Windows in market share in any foreseeable timeframe. What they are doing is book ending Windows at the low and high end of the market. Apple is doing an excellent job of sniping the high end part of the PC market. And Linux makes possible a lower end of the PC market that Microsoft would prefer not exist because of what it does to their margins. You are making statements without data, and I do not share your intuitions. I think you underestimate the leap that doing the kinds of abstraction needed for doing any kind of programming at all, and the very small differences between programming languages. There are probably many (most?) people to whom both "if object is not null:" and "(if foo 1 2)" will never be comprehensible. But I think the number of people who can understand the first but not the second or vice versa is negligible. And I think you can make just as good a case that Lisp is easier for the beginner to understand. We tend to think that non-Lisp languages are easier to understand because they are superficially similar to one another. But to the beginner they are just a jumble of symbols arranged in strange ways. The simplicity and consistency of Lisp forms may very well be more quickly comprehended by a mind undamaged by Java or C or any of those similar languages. If the person knows the mathematical meaning of factorial and the underlying concepts, this will be very easy. If not, this will be really hard using any programming language. Get enough sleep and exercise. Starting to do these things have made a noticeable (to me) difference in my productivity level and outlook. I heard of this a while ago, but was skeptical whether such a large undertaking would meet with any success. Now they have a shipping app to point to as a concrete success. Also interesting given the buzz about Wine and CrossOver, as Cocotron is the bizarro world Wine. Seems that it's more efficient just to let 911 take all calls and route appropriately. Taking calls, determining if the situation is urgent, getting the necessary information from possibly panicked callers, etc. I know that a law enforcement officer told us to always call 911 if we saw illegal activity, because if nothing else they periodically map the calls and use that to determine where to patrol. "on the verge of" Probably already happened. Pretty good description of the typical YC startup. Whereas a former employer with an IP dispute is likely to just want to shut you down as a potential competitor (in their mind) the University just wants a piece of the action. At least, that's the sense I got from the IP agreement I signed when I started working here. From the article: "The more people who go to college, the more stigmatizing the failure to complete college becomes." I think Mr. Murray needs to lighten up a little. One way in which American culture excels over many others, is in our embrace of failure. If you want to try to go to college, and end up failing, so what? Do something else. You're still in your early 20s. Certainly, there is the issue of going into heavy debt in a failed attempt at a college education. But that is different from people thinking less of you for having tried something and failed. People reading Hacker News should empathize with this sentiment more than most, I think. I managed to find an older version of the book, but somehow still unused, for a much lower price. I haven't found anything missing yet that I really need to know. I'm sure Linear Algebra as a field of knowledge has advanced a lot in that time, but the basics are still the basics. I bought it because I checked several Linear Algebra books out from the university library, including an even older version of Strang's, and found that I liked it far more than the rest. Good transitioning between motivation, explanation, proofs, and examples for each topic. Also, it follows the on-line Strang lectures. This makes me more impressed with Obama, not less. That's wonderful attention to detail, and reflects well on Obama to have assembled such a talented staff. That needs to be considered in the context of this nation's history. Slavery, lynchings, poll taxes, segregation. It wasn't until the 1960s that African Americans had a real right to vote. The election of a black man President of the United States of America is a momentous moment. Where by "non-practicing Muslim" you mean "Christian." Your insinuation that black people are all "inner-city wannabe gangsters" is appalling. Governor of California's not a bad consolation prize. 7th largest economy in the world, and all that. :) "Lost is the same level as most of Crichtons works." You mean Chrichton's books feature a handsome male character who's shirt is always coming off for some reason or other, and an attractive female character who always seems to end up in her underwear? Taxing carbon-based fuel sources is even simpler. The problem is, most people want to be "for" fighting global warming, while also wanting cheap gasoline prices. Yes. Cringely is the absolute master of (plausible sounding) speculation. It describes almost every article he has written. It's usually pretty entertaining plausible sounding speculation, though. You know, a teenage mother raised a man who was just elected to the most powerful position on Earth. Anecdotal, yes. But your comment relies on a stereotype. How do we know that teenage mothers do not quickly start maturing from the point they become teenage mothers, relative to their peers? They almost have no choice. (I say that knowing of some concrete counter-examples to what I just argued. But that's just anecdotes, too.) I've always found "want" to be an interesting word in English. You can really want to be the kind of person who gets up and goes to the gym regularly. And you can also simultaneously want to sit motionless on your sofa and passively watch dumb TV programs, even though those things are totally incompatible. I suspect it may be similar with figuring out whether teenagers really "want" to be mature, responsible, and productive individuals. "Once you do that it becomes your responsibility to care for and raise that person" Until when? I'm not sure if I disagree with you or not, but the post you are responding to isn't saying parents have no responsibilities to their children, only that a 13 year old could take on a whole lot more responsibility than is typical in our society. So, maybe "get a job and take care of yourself" is too harsh, but is there some middle position? I don't think this is true. Too lazy to look up references right now, but pretty sure I read some studies suggesting that kids are primed to accept supernatural explanations for things. This demonstrates how any atheism vs. religion debate has a short fused, built-in self-destruct mechanism. "All the serial killers are religious!" "All the genocidal Communists were atheists!" Etc. I've pretty much come to the conclusion that all atheism/religion discussions on the Internet (even Hacker News) are guaranteed to get real stupid, real fast. The trend it's moving in is also important. If stackoverflow debuted 10 years ago, where would C++ be on that list? What does that imply for how much C++ will be used in the future? Before you get too cocky, remember the Singularity. Someday, the computers might decide they don't need you to program them anymore, Mr. Smarty Pants Hacker. And if you have your doubts about the Singularity, maybe you should also have your doubts about who exactly will be automated out of existence and who will not. One of the things that surprised AI researchers initially was that it was a lot easier to make a computer good at chess than to make it good at, say, digging a ditch. "But even so, could you imagine what it would do to the startup community if you required every company regardless of size to offer its employees health insurance?" This would be an argument for "single payer" government health care. How much easier would it be to find people willing to work for startups if they didn't need to worry about health insurance? The resolution of the screen cast was not high enough for me to read the text he was typing. As for usefulness, "my favorite language -> Javascript" compilers are cute, but I am skeptical of adding another leaky abstraction layer. Javascript is a pretty feature-ful, modern language with closures, first class function, collection literals, and some pretty good APIs. Not sure if bridging to other languages will give much of a productivity boost over just learning Javascript well, and you will probably need to learn Javascript well, anyways, whenever the translation from your favorite language to Javascript inevitably leaks. "I used to be content programming an esoteric Scheme system in Emacs. Now, I am convinced by the killer combination of (1) a fun functional language (2) a widely-used platform with a rich library (3) a professional IDE with a good debugger. With (1) ML-like, (2) CLR, (3) Visual Studio, you get F#. With (1) Lisp, (2) JVM, (3) Eclipse, I guess you get Clojure." The irony is that, for Clojure, Emacs remains a pretty good IDE, while still allowing for the widely used platform and rich library. Will be hard for Eclipse to catch up given all the years spent making Emacs a good environment for Lisp style development, and the fact a Lisp is the Emacs extension language. Thanks for the tip. 'I'm certainly betting my wife finds me "fucking awesome"' In this case, the literal meaning of the phrase could be quite applicable, and well worth devoting 10,000 hours of deliberate practice to the cause. I recommend that Barack Obama give Steve Eisman a role in his team of economic advisers. I think in one of Steve Yegge's epic narratives of life at Google, he said that only the "Big 4" languages can be deployed on Google's servers. Does this mean, if you ever wanted your research to go "live" in a Google product, you would first have to rewrite in C++, Java, Python, or Javascript? I'm going to say the unthinkable here: In my Information Retrieval class, I got numpy/scipy set up and went about implementing homework assignments with it. However, no matter how much I tried to push as much as possible down into the matrix libraries implemented in C/C++, the surrounding Python code slowed everything down. I was having trouble getting everything to finish in time to hand in my homework by the deadline. I talked to a classmate who was using Java, and not having any speed problems at all. The night before it was due, I rewrote the whole thing in Java and got it to finish running (I handed in a day late, but at least I had something to hand in.) I'm sure there are tricks to make things faster in Python. (For example, I later figured out a method I was calling was running all Python code, and if I had called a different method, it would have dropped directly into the fast C code.) But with Java, I didn't have to think about performance. It was just fast. Java almost certainly has a library for anything you might possibly want to do. "But," I hear you say, "that means I have to write my program in...Java! shudder " And I empathize with you. Which is why now I'm doing a lot of experimenting with Clojure. Fast as Java, because it compiles to the JVM (as long as you follow as few guidelines.) Access to any Java library with no extra effort on your part. (One of my favorite moments on one of Rich Hickey's Clojure video is where he shows a macro that makes Java calls requiring FEWER parentheses than Java. He was pretty excited about that.) I found a Java open source matrix library that, while not nearly as pretty as Python, got the job done. So, that's my totally radical recommendation. Clojure + whatever Java libraries you need to get your work done. My understanding is that Python is their go-to scripting language, for tying together all their low level tools that run in C++ and Java. Clojure comes close to answering almost all of my complaints with other languages. - The mature libraries and deployment environment of the JVM. So your code runs fast, runs almost anywhere, and a lot of work is already done for you. - Data literals for arrays and maps. One of the shortcomings of Common Lisp. And catches up with (surpasses?) Python/Ruby/Javascript in this regard. - ISeq interface means that a single set of functions works across all collection types. (Common Lisp has an amazing array of functions for working on lists, but hit and miss for other collection types.) - Lisp 1. I know this is an aesthetic thing, but I much prefer how the code looks than Lisp 2's. - Steals a lot of arc's good ideas, like abbreviated syntax for function literals and semantics for arrays/maps in function position. - Common Lisp style macros. Just more intuitive, for me, than the hygienic type. - Interesting place in the space of computer programming languages. Dynamic typing, with an emphasis on programming to interfaces, macros, first class functions, immutable data structures, and built in mechanisms to support parallel programming. I don't know of any other language that chooses this set of tradeoffs. no, clojure Now number 1 on Google News, and considering that Google News is a news aggregator, this must mean that a lot of other news sources are giving prominent coverage as well. I would say that the accepted theories seem quite ridiculous and humorous. Sorry, it's just been too long now to remember the details. I think it was the EM (expectation maximization) algorithm, though, which is hard to reduce entirely to matrix operations, at least for me it was. Any good implementations for EM in Python (plus bridged libraries) out there? Does the state have the right to demand and view the tapes? "constant fanboi-ing is really putting me off." Rejecting a language just because it is popular seems just as misguided to me as choosing a language just because it is popular. Can't you just ignore the boi's and use Clojure anyway, if it's a good language? "if you go with Java, you are subject to Sun/OS direction" Not as much, now that Java is open sourced. "so much noise from the kids" Rich Hickey has recorded several hours of video describing Clojure in comprehensive detail from talks at various user groups and such. I really don't understand how it is so hard to ignore the "noise from the kids" and get the information you need to decide if you want to use Clojure or not. Are you implying that the kids will take the language in the direction they want it to go? I very much doubt that. Mr. Hickey seems very committed to his language and I don't see any indication that he might let go of the reins any time soon. One of the benefits of the benevolent dictator model. Distinctions with Common Lisp are certainly rational reasons for choosing CL over Clojure, though. For myself, the easy availability of Java libraries trumps whatever else I might like about CL. I work at a university and take classes part time, and even in this environment there is a Java library for pretty much everything. The one time I tried to get a CL library working on SBCL that was developed for LispWorks, I suddenly had to understand pretty intimately almost everything about those two dialects on a deep level if I were to have any chance of porting it over. It was a pretty terrifying experience. I definitely respect that you have a different set of priorities and opinions about why Common Lisp is best for you. But I remain unconvinced by your arguments referencing the Clojure community. I'm guessing that's where we'll agree to disagree. The off the shelf natural language parsing algorithms are polynomial time (generally n^3 or so). http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_algorithms#Parsing In that list CYK, Earley, GLR, and Inside-Outside are taught as suitable for parsing natural languages (oversimplifying, the dividing line between parsers for computer languages and human language is that the former are deterministic and the latter spectacularly ambiguous). So, you want to process a bunch of text, with time to parse each sentence increasing as a polynomial of the length of a sentence...I think you see where I'm going with this. Obviously, lots of people are looking for shortcuts here, but that probably means sacrificing something in accuracy, at which point you need to question whether you really want to be parsing, anyways. Last I checked, state of the art parsing accuracy is low 90s, and that's if all your sentences come from the Penn Treebank corpus. So, when saying NLP is hard, NLP probably means parsing. You can probably describe applied NLP research as finding clever ways to answer the question you want to answer without actually parsing. Or parsing just a little bit, but not everything, you get the idea. An interesting side question is just how do people parse natural language in real time so accurately. Or do people really parse at all, in the algorithmic sense? "Maybe someday we'll perfect the mindreading interface which rearranges text based on pure thought" So, the post you reply to does foresee a future without keyboards. What intermediate stage do you see between keyboards and mind reading? As pointed out, handwriting and speaking code have significant drawbacks over the keyboard. The story is about a public startup and insider trading. It seems very relevant to a startup CEO, for example, to know what information his investors can trade on, or not, and under what circumstances. The involvement of Mr. Cuban is just coincidental :). It would need to be something you don't have to look at. One of the important features of touch typing is you can keep your eyes on the screen. If there is such a thing as genius in interpersonal relations, Jobs is surely that kind of genius. Almost every account of a face to face meeting with Jobs talks about how superbly persuasive he is. They don't call it the Reality Distortion Field for nothing. I believe in one of his interviews (the New Yorker?) Gladwell kind of sheepishly admitted that people think he's a genius while really he's just packaging up other people's work with a more engaging presentation. "Such assessments turn individuals into pawns of their cultural heritage, just as Mr. Gladwell’s emphasis on class and accidents of historical timing plays down the role of individual grit and talent to the point where he seems to be sketching a kind of theory of social predestination, determining who gets ahead and who does not — and all based not on persuasive, broadband research, but on a flimsy selection of colorful anecdotes and stories." 1. We have just spent an entire presidential campaign during which we were reminded at every turn (and rightfully so) that the gap between rich and poor is growing, and this seems to dovetail nicely with a "theory of social predestination." Having anecdotes and data to try to explain the mechanism for how this works seems a worthwhile undertaking. 2. Why does she want Gladwell to research high speed Internet connections? "At American Motors, my dad cut his pay and that of his executive team, he bought stock in the company, and he went out to factories to talk to workers directly. Get rid of the planes, the executive dining rooms — all the symbols that breed resentment among the hundreds of thousands who will also be sacrificing to keep the companies afloat." Unions will not take management seriously until this happens. However, I also don't understand how people who constantly argue that U.S. wages must continually fall for the sake of corporate competitiveness think that the U.S. won't collapse without some kind of middle class. And if this seems hyperbolic, please consider the effect of inflation, rotating asset bubbles, decreases in health care affordability, and rising unemployment. Without some kind of wage growth above inflation, I don't see how a real middle class can survive. Perhaps there are specifics in this case that warrant some reductions, but it seems to be the same argument any time an industry gets into some kind of management induced trauma. And now, Drudge is linking to this story on 37 signals. :) I remember one of the first times taking my son to McDonald's, explicitly thinking that we were going to get some unhealthy food, but, hey kids love McDonald's, and it's just this once. I got him a burger and fries. He tried them, but was not interested at all. (The milkshake on the other hand...) I found myself going into dinner time Daddy mode: "You shouldn't waste that food, here, take a few more bites..." When it hit me...what the Hell was I doing? I was trying to force my kid to like McDonald's. What kind of awful parent was I turning into? So we got up, took the milkshake with us, and left. (Since then, I think he has been socialized into liking McDonald's by peer and grandparent influence. But I dispute the contention that liking McDonald's food is a "natural" state.) That sounds cool. Do you have any references to research arguing this, or is it just your personal idea? "CEOs are any companies most important human asset." Please explain to me how these CEOs who have managed to bankrupt an entire U.S. industry constitute an "important human asset." The empirical evidence seems to suggest they are a net negative asset, and maybe filling up their schedules with unproductive activities will mitigate the further damage they could do by actually trying to make decisions and taking actions. No whining in the article I read. Which one did you read? Not going to read it right now, but that is a truly impressive Table of Contents. The relatively few number of entries that involve sitting with hands on keyboard and code editor open accurately reflects the distribution of skills required to be a good programmer. "As Detroit continues to shrink, many American jobs "lost" will be regained in this industry, and its American suppliers, as Americans continue to buy cars." Americans are not continuing to buy cars, in anything like the numbers they have been. Mr. Will seems to be engaged in some magical thinking to believe that most auto workers laid off from American auto makers will find similar employment in the near future. The "Remember:" section is a truly impressive linguistic feat. This seems like the last Seinfeld episode, where they were arrested under a Good Samaritan law for observing a crime but doing nothing to help the victim. If the account in this article is accurate, there were people watching the video feed for "hours" after he took the pills before calling the police. He might be alive if someone called earlier. A similar thing happened in the Joel on Software Offtopic forum. Idiosyncratic, self described AI researcher Chris McKinstry kept talking about suicide, was mocked, then eventually took some pills and started a thread describing his final time on Earth in periodic posts. No video, and he didn't say where he was, but some people in the thread got close to tracking him down but not in time. (I used to contribute there, but had stopped before this happened. I found out about it later and dug up the transcript in the archives when I read about it in Wired: http://www.wired.com/techbiz/people/magazine/16-02/ff_aimyst... "He posted the message on his blog and a slightly different version on a forum at Joel on Software, a popular geek hangout.") This shows why Zed acted appropriately. It just as easily could have been someone like this kid who killed himself. Better to find yourself pranked than to not investigate and find out someone died and wondering if you could have done something to alter the outcome. From that account, looks like you did everything you could. Seems like the good and crappy things about Ruby and Java, respectively, complement each other well. Ruby is a high productivity language, Java not so much. The JVM is a very well engineered run time engine, Ruby's MRI not so much. Unicode, threading, fast, reliable, portable, well understood and supported. Pluses for Java, minuses for Ruby. So in principle it seems JRuby could have the best of both worlds. But for now I'm having more fun with Clojure. :) "Just apologize for the comment, man. You're not going to change anyone's mind with a childish rant like this." +20 This turned out to be very insightful. Dragging tabs and margins around in Word seem like black magic to me. I never have any good intuition about how things will reflow. Or a good sense of what makes for a good layout in the first place, frankly. The genius of LaTeX is you can crib someone else's style, and your output will look like it was created by a typesetting genius. Personally, I don't think I could ever fiddle around with Word long enough to get output that looks as good. Another big win with LaTeX is it lets you use an editor that's not awful. Editing your actual text in Word is pretty painful if you're used to Emacs (or other program actually designed for editing text productively).