Mediatemple. Excellent. We. Yes, Yodlee is crazy expensive and doesn't seem willing to negotiate with startups. CashEdge may be a better option. And, as has been noted, you could handle the top 5-50 institutions yourself which would get you very broad coverage. If you want regular credit card processing, have a look at WorldPay. If you want alternative payment processing, PayPal or Google might be good options. $5 per fax is not cheap. The defenders here are using fairly tortured logic. Startups should spend energy on thngs that matter, not email. No wonder Loopt got left in the dust. Definitely PayPal. Not only should you be able to get 5% + 5c, it also is just rolling out a much better UX for digital goods and more importantly has 200+ miliion ready to pay. This is terrible advice. TextMate...like I'm guessing most Mac users will answer. Kod looks promising. Looks cool, I expect to give it a try. Was leaning towards SimpleGeo. Doesn't look very promising to me. How will you be populating the database? Will this be better than Google, Odesk, Yelp or 1-800-Dentist? It looks far to open-ended to me to be of any value. $20 sounds low. $50 is reasonable. There actually are not too many good providersin this space. The only I can think of off-hand are Phonebooth and Grasshopper. Most of the others are much too cumbersome. DotCloud is interesting but I think I'd prefer a set of comparable Fabric scripts and an AWS account. But that wouldn't be a very good business I suppose. People probably think that Yammer purposefully makes it difficult when the reality is that 1) departing customers are a small fraction of users and 2) it's difficult to prioritize highly a feature to "close an account". I didn't understand a word you wrote. This is wrong. All you have to do is return a "200 OK" and PayPal will stop sending IPNs. You don't even need to perform the validation postback at all. It's completely optional. REST is totally useless since no one really knows wha it means and there are few if any APIs that come close to being "RESTful". REST's proponents, including Roy, have done a dreadful job educating on what REST is. As I commented on the Rdio thread, it would be nice if the complainers actually suggested how the API in question could be designed more RESTfully. I'm just saying the validation is not required. There are different ways to ensure the IPN is valid. Except the guy gave two other examples of impossible-to-search-for Microsoft-given names: .net and c#. No. I always like to do something practical, not a mere exercise. So my first choice is actually building something with a full-stack framework like web2py. You can easily create a db-driven web site in 30 min - 5 hours. I hope people recognize that CL's continuing longevity is because of it's simplicity, not in spite of it. Has anyone actually run in to this problem or is it speculative? I got an error like that also when trying to log in. It's another in a long list of attempts to create a digital cash scheme which will never work. Regular money is more than satisfactory for almost everyone. You ready to pay $10k? $50k? $100k? Because it would cost at least that much to serve the handful of people who want to pay for that feature. The poster may have valid points but the post is useless. Anyone can sit back and say a maker didn't do it right. I actually don't think his points are all that good. I thought Cloud Servers were from Rackspace's Mosso project and Slicehost remains mostly independent? That seems a little harsh without any specifics. Does he mention what happened to Rasmus? Square is the only card-present service I am aware of that offers a free swiper, no application process, no setup fee, no monthly fees and a reasonable transaction fee. That is clearly competition. It's suicidal to enter the game with an alternative. You have to build a chunk of business and then you can think about something more alternative. Jack and Keith clearly understand this. First, yes, Square is going after what you might call a "consumer". Second, Apple counts millions of small businesses among its customer base. People don't want to be charged a fee to make a face-to-face transaction with someone they know. That is a lousy business. You're probably not the only who feels that way but it's as likely that this could speed it up. NFC is just a fancy way to communicate a number which is the easiest part of a credit card transaction. Square will be well-positioned to serve the long tail when/if NFC gains traction. It does feel a little flimsy and it takes a few tries to get the hang of it reliably. At some point square will need to provide more heavy-duty readers for higher volume merchants. Agree with most of this. Python is an excellent language to start with. I would suggest downloading and using Web2py. It provides a complete environment for Windows, Mac and *nix. You can be programming a web site in literally minutes. Web2py can run entirely off your PC (with Rocket and SQLite) but then you can easily deploy to a server (nginx, apache, etc; Mysql, Postgres, etc). The Web2py Book is terrific and includes a very brief summary of Python: http://web2py.com/book Try to build something that people want. Better, try to build something that people would pay for. The point is that 5% de-duping (ie less deduping) would lead to the high number. Probably under 150. I'm sure Twilio is hoping this sounds impressive but it sounds pathetic to me. Services are supposed to stay up after all. Shortish article summary: no information about which performs better. That doesn't make sense. The main benefit of Groupon, et al is finding new customers. Not sure why the downvotes but average all-in costs of startup employees in the Bay Area startups is less than $150k. It's better to have buy-in even if you don't need the cash. The Python overview in the Web2py docs might be sufficient ( http://web2py.com/book/default/chapter/02 ). It's very concise but covers the basics. Then, for reference, the Python docs are the way to go. Two points: 1) "Smart" people should be able to figure this out. 2) Great answer to "What does it feel like to be the smartest person in the room? I'm in the wrong room." There's a major disconnect here: PayPal is not digital cash, it's credit card processing. There is a major difference. What a terrible article. The guy got fired! Isn't that sufficient? Buffett has always railed against the ridiculous processes that cripple other companies. Why would or should he behave differently? http://www.vicoapp.com/about.html If you're going to ask for feedback, you should take it! Here's a professional explaining that you don't have to worry so much about the login. A 2-4 digit code will do. Password-protect the manager login if you want, but not the servers'. This should not be keeping you up at night. What should be keeping you up at night is the ordering experience. This is where users are going to spend 99% of their time. It needs to be flawless and ultra-refined for speed and accuracy. The cascading screens and tiny "Done" buttons are not going to cut it for heavy use. Finally, you are going to need to be careful about getting feedback during a 15 minute demo. There is a grand canyon of difference between using a POS all day every day versus once for 15 minutes. There are tons of small restaurants and take-out places that don't use POS. Start with them. Don't try to get people to switch until your solution is rock-solid and high performance. If your system actually works, you will have no trouble selling it. What we've seen so far needs improvement. If you can't get a warm introduction to someone like Ryan Spoon, Dave McClure, Fred Wilson, Brad Feld, et. al., you need to work a little harder. If you have #4 (which you should by the time you seek semi-professional money), they will be thrilled to either talk to you or refer you to someone. I don't understand this point of view. I question the assumption that iPads are primarily devices of the wealthy. We're talking about $500 for a lifetime of learning, not thousands of dollars. And the portability and durability of iPads makes them easily rentable and transferable. I would lean towards staying in your position longer, possibly up to the year to receive your bonus, and build a larger cushion or even have something lined up before you quit. It will be difficult to disguise your attitude to prospective employers and there's not a huge need for junior marketing people with minimal experience. Finally, you're going to find politics and bureaucracy in any organization with more than 1 person. So what do you suggest? The person I responded to was specifically concerned about the iPad, I presume vs other devices that might also be able to deliver the Khan Academy content. Are we now to criticize anything not affordable to $150/month wage earners? This sounds like a job posting in disguise. I'm 41 with a wife and kid (another on the way) and not crazy technical: http://pricetack.com Anything like this for Python? To feed the hamsters in their servers! But those are some pretty big traffic numbers so I suppose the frequent sluggishness is reasonable. I'm surprised you got stuck on revenues. Typically if you can show that you are building something that people want in a big category in an area people are known to spend money, you would be ok. Ar you sur that was it? I would also reiterate what others have said: if you're grinding away on nuance, you need to simplify. Calling this a tax cut is mis-leading because it's never been collected on IPO companies. I was a little off-put by the inclusion of that phrase. Being able to work on small teams on interesting projects that reach 100s of millions of users and get paid reasonably well is sufficient incentive to work for Facebook I should think. These countries have had centuries to progress. Why now? 1. Yes, it is pushing envelopes. 2. Never been done by private industry. 3. Radically lower price. How do I downvote? Some shareholders are selling in the IPO. It's covered in the post. It's more common for selling stockholders to sell in a follow-on but not unprecedented. It will be great to get some liquidity into the hands of fantastic investors like Reid Hoffman. So is there an easy way to set this up, preferably server-agnostic? Do you have any recommendations for something simple? Downvote. I doubt they are using the funds for operating costs. Most likely to combat fraud. Has anyone ever done good research on how a minimalist web site might compare to a fancier version with respect to the various objectives of the site owner? Some other minimalist sites that perform quite well are Hacker News and Craigslist. Have site owners been mis-led into thinking that flashiness equates to credibility or customer satisfaction? The problem is that it's disrespectful in the first place. Who wants to be part of a group that is so little respected? How hard is it to make an evaluation that doesn't devalue the audience? I am currently bearish on social shopping. Lots of people actually do not like to buy and sell from friends. And ultimately, you usually want as wide an audience as possible. However, I think Facebook and Twitter will continue to be important channels for gaining exposure and engaging with customers. Regarding Novelo, the Facebook page is pretty much empty so I am not sure what the service does or how it works. I am unlikely to add the app without any information. back at you on the plug: pricetack.com falling price marketplace This reminds me of the old PeoplePC which leased you a computer plus dial-up access for 20-25 bucks/month. I think it makes more sense bundling with internet access since people are not accustomed to renting PCs. They all seem too "thick". I guess they might work if I was starting from scratch but they look like a pain to migrate to. Has anyone come up with something much leaner? At this point, why not just leave them open and don't spend any money on them? And if you're going to stop employing people, how about some Sacto bureaucrats that don't have much of an impact on anything? Does Limewire have $100 million? Does it have any money? Is anyone going to get paid? Is the founder guy really going to cut a $100 million check at this point? So what if, like almost all startups, no income is being generated? The founders clearly do not consider this person a founder so I don't think founder equity is appropriate at all. Did this really happen? I would be surprised at the lack of acumen of a YC-approved company. While the experience of YC is priceless, you should of course be getting a salary or equity of a little of each. And unless the sustenance pay is at least minimum wage, it might be illegal in California. If this really happened and there wasn't some mis-undertanding, I would question the credibility of the company. I don't think (m)any of Jason's projections will come to fruition. We've seen this movie a number of times before (Digicash, et al) and I don't see why today's environment is any different. They all had the exact same early momentum as we are seeing with Bitcoin and all, of course flamed out hard with zero government action (while PayPal thrived spectacularly). The fact of the matter is that digital money is appealing only to a teensy, tiny group of people. "she's" I've had luck with a simple nginx + uWSGI setup but I'm probably missing something. And I use fabric. And so the process begins to make bitcoin as user friendly as credit cards. Escrow has never worked well for consumer commerce because sellers dont like it. So I understand: you are 1 of 3 people involved, you are the main/only technical person, you were involved in service ideation, you engineered most/all of the service? That would suffice for co-founder-ship in my book. Offer a free tier. I don't want a trial. I want to see exactly how your service works and I want to make a purchase decision on my timeline, not yours. LinkedIn is not even trying to make net income so it's erroneous to perform much analysis on that number. Yes, it's a lofty number but LinkedIn has been around for quite some time and has very solid and very rapidly growing financials. No. It's a-cyclical...even better. Everyone here should be ecstatic about this development. Perhaps the most talented, savvy and generous angel investors now has $1 billion. When a new issue is offered to the market, after it is priced but before it actually starts trading, all of the buyer and seller interest is consolidated to determine what price point would result in there being an equal amount of buying and selling. And that becomes the opening price. I like Henry (Joe...not so much), but they are being idiots. Pricing an IPO is not quite that easy. And a 100% pop is not the end of the world for the company. In fact it is pretty neat. Henry's analogy is asinine. Better is the owner of a 10 unit building renting to a tenant for $1000 who turns around and rents for $2000. The owner, without doing anything, has just increased the value of his building by 90%. Making money in banking is trivially easy. The big banks need to assess all sorts of fees to sustain their humongous and humongously unnecessary cost structures. You are in a very small minority (credit union customers). It's you. I think BankSimple is going to struggle to find customers with its current proposition. The fact is that people are not as unhappy with their banks' fees, customer support or websites as BankSimple thinks (or at least suggests). People like branches and brands. The one thing people do like is products which is how ING broke into the business but an approach that BankSimple appears not to be pursuing. Such a weird fixation: bringing .Net to non-Windows platforms? I don't get it. It's only erroneous if you define the axes as such. Because overpricing makes it look like there is a lack of interest which is a terrible appearance for anything, really. No, the opposite. A manual imprint is even more indicative of card-present than a mag-stripe read (which can be easily faked). Reading QR or other codes with a smartphone's camera is extremely cumbersome whereas swiping a mag-stripe is simple and reliable. Yes, very positively. Square will be well-positioned to take advantage of this new way to transmit the account-holder's information to the merchant. While this is by far the easiest part of the payment process, Square will undoubtedly capitalize on it. No. Square has built it's own iPad-based POS software. http://itunes.apple.com/app/square/id335393788 Getting a pseudo-merchant account and a swiper for $0 could be fairly disruptive. It's a massive, very customer-unfriendly, very entrenched indusstry. I can't even remember the last time my credit card couldn't be swiped. What do you do to them? True, but still even easier to duplicate a QR code. Signatures don't help very much since the fraudster can sign his own fake card. That's why more stores are asking to see drivers licenses which is annoying. I learned to program by creating an ecommerce service for my pet store ("Outlet" at http://cheekob.com ) in my spare time. I am now broadening it to help other sellers with a new selling format: automatic markdowns ( http://pricetack.com ). What really helped me was the awesomely simple, yet powerful Python framework Web2py. I answer questions, browse my newsfeed and see Quora pages posted in various places but almost never just go there to look up a specific bit of information. For information and answers, I think the Wikipedia model of crowdsourcing a single response remains better. Quora seems mainly for opinionated answers or answer sets. Which is fine and interesting but ultimately not as useful. Agree. The HN audience is ill-informed about things like stock market economics (see LinkedIn threads) and more surprisingly, intermediate technical issues. Me, too! I far prefer the density but it's probably ruining my eyes. Also, on TextMate you have to adjust the line height. If you're staring at it for 10 hours a day, I think it's fine to want to like it. What does the app do? There's no description on the web site that I could find. I don't watch videos. There are some major problems with Wikipedia but I don't think deletionism is big enough to sustain a new effort. My biggest gripes are that many articles are just too long. I'd like to see a word limit or something. Also, I really don't like the emphasis on citations. It leads to articles comprised no more of disorganized sets of citable sentences. Somewhat counter-intuitively, the citation emphasis leads to less popular but citable statements dominating in many places. The copy and design look fine to me. As long as you are freemium (not just a free trial!) and the service works well, you are OK to launch and and test and iterate. It's gotten a bit formulaic and the long term results have been mediocre but "Kitchen Nightmares" is a good watch and has some lessons applicable outside the restaurant industry. What's your Python experience? I've recently been introduced to Web2py which is extremely well-suited for rapid development and prototypes. The idea that gold has no real value is bizarre. It will be interesting to see how AirBnB maintains the listing quality as it scales which I would argue is currently its main advantage over VRBO, HomeAway, Craigslist, et al. These types of sites tend to devolve into a homogeny of bland, "professional" listings, hence HomeAway's boring rollup strategy. What has made AirBnB somewhat unique and appealing has been the interesting listings and the care and personality of the property owners. "explicitly stated" = "did not change the default" Darn, a video. I think the article makes good points and it's true that the current dongle is a brilliant acquisition tool that will likely give way to better mechanisms in the future. Square needs to stick with the dongle for now so as not to give the perception that it is inferior. It's a bit like Apple's release strategy: the features are always a bit behind but the overall user experience is exceptional and creates demand for future releases. New payment systems face a nearly insurmountable chicken-and-egg problem. By taking advantage of an existing infrastructure, one side of the equation is addressed neatly. The FaceCash thing is more reminiscent of PayByTouch (minus the fraud, I suppose) where you've got zero merchants, zero account holders and you're trying to push an unfamiliar and even awkward user experience. I suspect the best course of action is to build it so that folks can better evaluate how compelling it is. I also doubt a Vbulletin-based solution is going to fly with this audience. It should be pretty easy to come up with a rough estimate of how big of a market there is for your product or service. If you do believe you have an idea for a product that lots of people would want, by all means pursue it. As far as advice to help you out on your path, you could do worse than reading some of pg's articles: http://www.paulgraham.com/articles.html I hate to be harsh but I am not keen on the idea or the implementation. Regarding the idea, I'm not sure how compelling it is to be able to pre-order birthday cards too far in advance. Picking out a card is quite a personal experience that many like to do "in the moment". You are competing with both offline card shops that offer superior buying experiences and online card shops that offer superior products (albeit, you may need to stick the card in the drawer for a week or 2). Regarding the implementation, it is just OK. First, there are some fantastic online card shops that you are competing with. TinyPrints comes to mind but there are many. And their offerings are cheaper, too. The whole "Create and Event" doesn't sound right. The images of the cards are poor. Zooming in to read the cards and see the detail is awkward. The whole is trying to give the impression of uniqueness when in reality it's just a card shop where you can delay shipping. Sorry, but the culture here is more of the variety that if you think you have a good idea, you build it and see what people think. Code speaks. You're not going to get terribly actionable feedback here as you would if you had something to show. There's a whole genre of "Show HN" and weekend projects. Would you be open to hiring a full, part-time or contract sales person? It might be at least worthwhile to learn if a sales effort could generate ROI. Would your marketing activities be able to generate sufficient number of leads? Do it! I would love to know how accurate guys like Umair Haque, Niall Ferguson, Paul Krugman and Charles Krauthammer are. Web2py (Python) provides a lot of that functionality so you can dive right in on your app. It includes all of the user account stuff but not the payment processing. It also provides a complete admin function. The only caveat, if you care about such things, is that many Pythonistas don't like some of the non-standard approaches Web2py takes. But I have found it extremely easy to use to quickly create apps. It might be the opposite. Many internet businesses are winner-take-all and YC companies clearly have a "leg up" in terms of having been vetted, having an attractive culture and getting superior mentorship. Investors could very well fixate even more on YC graduates Two problems with this "analysis": 1) does anyone know if Gaga charged Amazon full price? and 2) marketing spend is usually not refered to as a "loss". I agree. Likening this to spammers sending out millions of wholly untargeted emails is incorrect. These were extremely well-targeted communications likely sent out one-by-one by humans who had done some research. I find launchpad a very confusing experience. I'm sure I would get used to it if I used it more but every time I visit it, I am at almost a total loss on where to click and what everything means. Just taking one example, on github, there are very few labels. The content mostly speaks for itself. Whereas on launchpad the labels dominate. I like Bibucket much more than launchpad as well. But the reason github is more popular probably has more to do with git being more popular. It is completely insane how much investor money went to founders and not the company in both the G round and the previous round. How could investors agree to that? Kudos to Mason & Co. for getting out while the going was good. I don't necessarily disagree with your points nor think that Bitcoin will ever be much of a monetary force but most of your arguments simply have to do with Bitcoin being new. If everything was required to surmount your hurdles from the outset we'd never get anywhere. It's not that it's teens and 20-somethings. It's that it's "Hacker News" and the culture drafts off of pg and Y Combinator. If you think you have a good idea, you build it. I was not being flippant at all. There is an extreme bias towards building in this community. Sorry. Jump right in and start building something that interests you. An important learning technique is grinding through a real-ish world problem. If you're open to the idea, I suggest Python and Web2py. With a bit of programming knowledge, I suspect you could pick up both Python and Web2py in less than a week and be coding with reasonable efficiency. The Web2py "Book" includes a summary on Python which is enough to get you started. The nice thing about Web2py is you can easily run it locally on Mac/Windows/*nix and deploy to a server whenever. Good luck. I added the 200 bytes/page to my ecommerce site in about 5 minutes. Without a free tier, I'm out. I want to make the purchase decision on my timeline, not yours. I've operated several freemium services so I know how cheap, easy and important it is. I worry about Groupon but not for the reasons here. Regarding the financials, it could easily ratchet down acquisition and marketing spend and be very profitable. The barriers to entry arguments are very superficial. Sure, just programming a competing service and closing a few merchants is not that hard. But building an 8 figure mailing list is not easy. Finally, some suspected and I'm inclined to agree that the otherwise ridiculous payoff of early investors and employees might be explainable as necessary to turn down the Google offer. My main concern about Groupon is the core proposition may not actually work in the long term. There are all sorts of problems with fatigue, inherently cheapskate customers, high rates of existing customers, worsening economics, etc. I'd say get started with one instance and go from there. You will be able to first increase the instance, second separate the database out onto a 2nd instance and third, add instances. Two things you might want to consider or DotCloud which takes some of the pain out of scaling and Joyent which has a free year of hosting for preferenced treatment for Facebook apps: http://www.joyentcloud.com/developers/free-facebook-develope... Having someone who knows the code base spend even just one hour with you can be extremely valuable. Thank Zend Framework for that. I used to think that but Spree Commerce is pretty nice. And Rails, too. I'm surprised they don't do something nifty with the x.com domain. I had some ideas when I was still there. Housing developer content seems pretty lame. They've had prostores.com for quite some time and while it does have a good number of merchants using it, it's far from best-in-class. I would expect much of that to migrate over to Magento (and Magento Go) which is slightly better and more modern. But I don't think my expectations are that high. The tone of your writing sounds too much like theoretical knowledge and too little of practical knowledge. Maybe try and identify at least one aspect of scaling that you could do a deeper dive on. You might cover an approach to scaling which could include a bit of design, a lot of measurement and a lot of iteration. And I wouldn't leave out caching. I suppose it could be interesting but I was unable to join and was not able to read the text on the How It Works page. I get a little concerned when I read a statement like "Shoppers have no good way to shop online". My experience is almost diametrically the opposite. It will depend a bit on if you are visiting San Francisco or Silion Valley. They are not really the same place and in fact are 20-50 miles from each other. You could probably do SF on less than $350/day and SV on less than $250/day. if you were extremely economical, reduce those by $50-100. You totally missed the point of the article. By putting in a limitation, you are actually making it easier for other person (a good thing, no doubt). And to address your multi-talents, you use different limitations with different people. My experience is exactly the same as the OP's: if you have little idea of what interests you, I am not eager to make introductions. It cannot be overstated: help people help you. You have to look at it from the other person's perspective. You have to help me help you. I need to be confident in my introductions. I know a lot of people so you need to help me narrow it down. And I would prefer to have a story. This probably won't be settled in an HN thread but for what it's worth, I like spaces (Python). The other religious war that seems unresolvable is where to put braces in languages like PHP. What drove me nuts was the more common Allman style with braces on new lines. Thank goodness I'm on Python now. The tighter code is so much more pleasant to look at and work with. I hear you, but I think the headline really invites the strong counter-response. The use of the word "dangerous" is provocative to say the least. This article makes no sense. First, Reed Hastings would never be a co-CEO, even to Steve Jobs. Second, just this week we've hearing of Reed's disdain for hiring quantity over quality. The Netflix and Microsoft cultures probably could not be further opposite. What role would you play? Most seed raises are in the $500k-$1m range these days in which case the first handful of employees are expected to work for about half salary, so that's not surprising. Except that you say they raised upwards of $4m in which case salaries should be closer to market (but still lower). If yours is a key role, .6% is too low. 1% or more might be right. But it depends a lot on the importance of your role (engineer vs non-engineer, role player vs manager/director). Is neither founder technical? Watch out. Why is Dwolla using a .org? Also, I think a plain English description of what Dwolla is or is trying to do would be helpful (and I've been in the payments business for the past 20 years). People aren't going to see your videos because you have a bad attitude. Everyone keeps saying this but then it never goes any further. Is there a problem or not? Does it depend on who you talk to and what their agenda is? Probably true for certain things but demonstrably overcome by the web's advantages. I'm always skeptical of the "I'm right, my agency sucks" contractor. What you should do is try to figure out what it takes to make the agency delight the client. If you can do that, you are valuable. Otherwise you're just sand in a crank. This reasoning seems neither well thought out nor well written. I'm not even sure where to begin. First, if you know two variables go in to a score and you know one variable, you can make a pretty good guess of the second variable based on the result. Second, a page with only one comment (or just a few) is probably not important enough to serve as a data point. No, Checkout and Enstore are staying with Sofa's JV partner, Acclivity, makers of the US versions of MYOB. On one hand this stinks because Acclivity has shown little ability to create excellent software. On the other hand, Sofa's development speed is crazy slow. Way too much pixel-pushing. Same with Checkout and Enstore. While Sofa has pretty good design skills, it's development speed leaves a bit to be desired. http://techcrunch.com/2011/06/09/airbnb/ I think unfortunately that is a bit too narrow for most startups. I'm not sure if the "master of none" comment was meant to be pejorative but you have to understand that startups have to execute on a wide variety of tasks with limited resources. That doesn't leave much room for non-essential specialization. The networking stuff might be a good exercise but doesn't seem exceedingly practical. Build a shopping cart, Reddit clone, blog, forums or other big category web app in a framework like Web2py. Doa payment integration, Facebook integration, Oauth, NoSQL DB, GAE, etc. Make sure to use version control and try using Fabric or some other deployment tool. At my last company (in San Francisco), we had a (founding) CTO based in Paris and a lead engineer periodically in Boston and it actually worked out fine. However I generally would not recommend it. Some companies can pull it off like 37 Signals or WordPress but they usually have grown up that way. I would say that if you like the company and are good, you should try to arrange some sort of lead engineer role where you can work on some of the pressing tasks the company needs as well as some projects that sometimes make better sense for an external solo engineer to complete. But, if anything, the App Store has proven that lower, non-zero, prices are better. The App Store has also demonstrated that 0.00 is no longer a magic number when your payment information is on file. If I got the same value, I would definitely take the 9.99/hr one. LegalZoom is IPOing because I'm not the only one. But of course we all know that when you pay $300/hour for legal services, you are paying for insurance, not the actual service. There's nothing legally wrong with changing your product's price. If it were a subscription product, you may run into trouble. Also if you were advertising the old price, you might run into bait-and-switch laws. I would like to have at least seen a chart of sales and web site traffic. More interesting for me is now living Microsoft-free. Is this some kind of joke? Sales opportunities are being missed due to the ridiculous form one is being asked to fill out to get a stupid white paper from an irrelevant old geezer of a company (that probably had nothing to do with the white paper's creation). Yuck. I don't think making these types of cross-country comparisons is all tha helpful. Do people know, for example, that in Germany it is illegal for most stores to be open on Sunday? Things work differently in different countries. We get it. Since I work with other people, I still see a lot of Word, Excel and PowerPoint docs and the non-Microsoft viewing options for those remain very weak. Also, I consider Google's offerings to be a pleasure to use. Would be nice if it were possible to migrate from a Group to a Page. Seems compelling except that I'm wondering how easy it is going to be for the customer. Assuming that's " many customers? Holy cow what is this world coming to! That said, I think the jury is still out on how much longevity the daily deals have. I suspect they will eventually take their place next to Sunday coupons as an important but not overwhelming tool for certain types of businesses. > The reason so many sites prompt for password is for security I doubt it. I think the reason has more to do with what their framework or authentication scheme supports or how rigorous they are with user engagement. > CAN-SPAM mandates 1-click opt-out Actually it requires one-click or two-click. And not for transactional emails. But then you only have to get to $110 to break-even. Regarding margins, it's the gross margins that are high. That's correct that overall profit margins are thin but gross margins are more important when discussing incremental business. I agree that it's better to be more thoughtful in how you handle existing customers and it's even worse spending 75% to give a 50% discount, however I don't think it's necessary to hide Groupons from existing customers. We encouraged all our customers to participate in our daily deals and spread the word. The customers appreciate it and we get more business. Finally, an interesting Bitcoin thread. I hate to say it but it's pretty difficult to feel sorry for the guy. I didn't see any mention of scraping. I actually think that making travel cheaper and more enjoyable, connecting visitors with hosts, utilizing unused space, etc. are pretty worthy objectives. I'm not misunderstanding. You said there'd be a $5 loss on a $100 order. I said a $110 order would thus break even. It's irrelevant to look at all the fixed costs when considering incremental revenue. Those would have been spent regardless. The Posie's owner has only been in business less than 2 years and did not seem particularly business savvy. In agree that you probably gt adverse selection but also not relevant in this thread. The only reason this project is interesting is because it does not use any server side processing (beyond serving). Any way to upload or email a PDF? You should be able to get an MVP for less than 50k (there was guy on hn recently who would do it for 5). As others have stated, the language doesn't matter that much and don't worry about scaling (you'll be lucky to have that problem). Your impression of a tech cofounder is off. That person would typically roll up his sleeves and code. Startups require doers, not thinkers. Sorry, I'm going to splash some cold water on this situation. Except for senior management and engineering, pretty much everyone is replaceable. As others have suggested, your currently pay will serve as baseline and it's hard to think anoff would be mre than 20 or 30% above that. But I have two tips for you: 1) ask for a review after 6 months at which point you might be able to earn a raise. 2) if this is a tech startup that you think has a lot of potential and stock options are a component of pay, it might be smart to trade a few k in salary for more than a few k in addiional stock. It's really amazing how poor ebay's user experience is. But the ads are obnoxiously user hostile. Advertising on the Internet is fine but it does not belong on eBay utility pages or competing with sellers' items. But you do have to confirm your email address to do anything important. I though th writer was going to say that clicking on a search result is a decent proxy for +1. Returning quickly could be -1/2. That's an odd label. I wonder what the reasoning is behind it? We have a pretty good idea of what would have happened without the us government developing the Internet: 1) compuserve, genie, aol, prodigy, et al. and 2) SMS messaging. One successful strategy I've seen is establishing a following first (stakoverflow, 37sugnals). It wasn't clear from your post if you are offering anything unique. that would be helpful to understand. One way to start out is to offer to operat a company's careers page. String a few together an you might hav a service. Go with the best programmer and don't worry about the language. Seriously. First of all, it doesn't really matter. Second, you left off two better choices: python and .net. Finally, if this is the kind of thing you are worrying about, you are not qualified to make the decision. This is interesting but I don't think passwords gathered as he has constitutes a very representative sample of what normal people might use for normal services. I think it's the way it is because the order is constantly changing and thus an infinite list does not make sense. The only problem I could see is if what the freelancer was doing could be described as "reselling" which the original designer probably forbids. But pricing is just something that the buyer and seller work out. Next time, put your question in the headline. I emphatically disagree. As pg says all the time, don't worry about your competition. Worry about your customers and yourself. Make a product that people want. Continue making it better. And get a server that can handle a small influx of HN traffic. Jeepers. You need to stop trying to be so clever and get back to business basics. Make a product that people want. Tell them about it in clear language. Delight them when they sign up. Have a conversation with them. Make the product better. And for goodness sake, feed the hamsters in your servers. For more color on why this outfit may be having trouble, witness: http://blog.zuupy.com/ "Disadvantages of A/B Testing", "Moving Away From Facebook", "Ideas are not Worthless", "Blippy Failed Because it Was Too Sexy", etc. me too - pbreitenbach at gmail It's a bit surprising in this day and age that you would have so much trouble convincing enough folks (at a financial institution nonetheless) that this is a bad practice. Does your organization not have anyone responsible for information security and customer privacy (that's usually a different person from the "most senior programmer")? It would be cool to see some set of Fabric or other scripts come together which offer some of the capabilities DotCloud is providing but that you can use on your own infrastructure or host. The problem with XML is that it seemed to encourage more complicated data structures. People sort of forgot that you still have to process all this data. And that, at the end of the day, a lot of it ends up needing to be represented in columns and rows. I would say any of those sound fine. The one thing I wish I had done was not spend more than 3 or so years in any one location or job in my early-mid 20s. Fork or follow on github? Fast Company's projections don't seem particularly accurate to me. Wow, what a lame article. If you don't need to confirm email addresses then don't. In many cases it's really not necessary. None. Ok for experimentation but not a startup (no matter how loosely that is defined). Invariably, anytime someone writes "simply" what they mean is "quite a bit clumsier than the alternative". Yeah, I suspect they would have a decent chance at collecting some sort of payout with legal action even though they did sign contracts. It would be common sense to expect notification when such a substantial change was added to an original contract. I don't totally understand the issue but here are two thoughts: 1) You can set a cookie for subscribers and show pricing based on that 2) I would think for people who are going to buy you can have an optional (or not) registration before, during or after the checkout which would be a convenience feature for repeat buyers. Hopefully this will answer my Quora question: http://www.quora.com/Is-there-anything-like-Khan-Academy-but... I don't find either of these to be very similar to Khan. My favorite things about Khan are the lengths and speed. But "already done" comments are usually incorrect and short-sighted. "a huge amount of employee owned stock in the US is subject to similar provisions" Are you sure about this? Most folks are saying this is quite rare, startup or large co, public or private. I, myself, have never seen such terms. Not in the sense that it was started recently. But it was a high growth tech company aiming to IPO. What would you call it? And do you think this voids the controversy? Did you read the article? It was _not_ there in black and white. If there are grounds to sue, and it appears there are, there are obvious defendants. People who just registered to take a look around and had no intention of actually trading? Could someone help this newbie understand why proper salting doesn't make this hard enough? And how does the cracker know they have the right password? Wouldn't they need to check it against the authentication mechanism or figure out the algorithm? 404 I would really like to see more Fabric scripts like this available. Thanks for this one. I hope Braintree can now afford an across-the-board price cut. Without that, the market remains wide open for new entrants. That's kind of silly. Shall we thank you and other Republican voters for the recession? Neither of your comments make much sense. Amazon already collects tax in a lot of states so collecting in more would not be a major burden except financially. And what kind of advantage is slogging to the store to pick up a purchase? Yeah, that's an odd gripe. Check out code igniter for example. One ofthe popular php frameworks...filenames in comments. I guess I can understand why people criticize Khan but it seems so wrong. Just pretend that khan is for the other 7 billion people! The site crashes my ipad2 browser. Eloquent looks like a nice resource. I'd also suggest diving in to jquery pretty quickly since that's what many spend a lot of time in. Can someone help me understand what a password cracker does with a list of salted/hashed passwords? How do they know they've figured out the right plain text passwords without bouncing them against the authentication logic? I'm invested in web2py and really like it but anyone considering using it should understand that the current python community does not think highly of it. It departs from some python conventions which irks many. It's hard to go wrong with django but I found web2py much easier to use and more productive. Download web2py and go through web2py.com/book Except that server costs are kind pricey. This sounds like a very, very small niche. I dont think man folks thinkmthe way you do about ads and JavaScript. Leecher definitely doesn't sound like the best word to describe anything here. Web2py has some GAE-specific features to ease installation and operation. I'm curious what could happen if they did not include this clause? Who would sue who and for what? Could you? Would you win? Has anyone ever sued? Successfully? Can I buy it on Amazon Prime? Has anyone actually used "Learn Python the Hard Way" in a beneficial way? I started it several times but never got very far and just learned Python from other sources. I didn't really care for the approach. One of my all-time favorite mcsweeneys: http://www.mcsweeneys.net/articles/e-mail-addresses-it-would... Dashes in code variables seems pretty rare. Disallowed even in Python. GET /pages.json? Me neither. And who is Certivox? Hasn't Microsoft even declared Silverlight dead? HN doesn't seem like the best place to announce an IE-only service. "Prizes.org is offered by Slide (part of Google Inc., located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA, USA)." I don't need any more filtering or sorting. I think there needs to be more editorial, sort of like Consumers Reports. The biggest problem now is that reviews all cover only a single product. I want to see reviews that cover a product category. Comparison reviews are so much more useful than single item reviews. I think few on HN would take issue with the usage of either word. You might consider taking the next step: what type of service are you contemplating? Where are you located? What is your background? #ideasthatneedmorethought Dare I say we'd like to work on 10 & 25? We've started testing a selling format ( http://pricetack.com ) we think might be applicable in a variety of situations and have some ideas on how to address the immense chicken & egg issue. But have no illusions on the difficulty ahead. ZenDesk seems to be the most popular and the price is quite reasonable. Assistly has made some inroads but is quite a bit more expensive. Kayako used to be popular in the startup community but I'm not sure it's held up. FreshDesk is a new entrant somewhat similar to ZenDesk. For starters, consider an iPhone app since that's where much of the traction-generating action is. It's hard to say though given how little we know about the app. What does that mean "facilitating Augmented Reality to ease the users"? Could Khan do each of these in about 7 minutes? Seriously. The thing that always irritated me about university lectures, especially when presented online is that the material covered in 50 minutes could likely be covered in 7. But who would pay $30k for that? Thanks for the down votes, though. Sheesh, 3 more downvotes? I get it, HN doesn't like brevity! I really wanted to like RingCentral since the price was pretty good, it has lots of features and the UI was pretty easy. But the reliability was marginal (once monthly extended outages; random call drops). This was over a year ago so it's distinctly possible that reliability has improved. That example is significantly biased in the author's favor. In fact, VCs are not getting nearly 50% of companies. More like 10-33%. And liquidation preferences have drifted back towards 1x which is reasonable. Finally, no one is raising $1m and selling out for $5. In this example, just add a zero and the founders are now looking to split $5m vs $500k. Doesn't look like it. Which renders the results mostly useless. What should be presented is how far they moved from the initial order. What Facebook has demonstrated is that it doesn't matter what technology is initially chosen since pretty much anything can be scaled with a modicum of persistence and ingenuity. So pick what you're most comfortable with, don't worry about scaling until you need to (a great problem to have) and get going. I always wonder if FogCreek's insistence on remaining a mostly Windows shop is a helper or a hindrance. On one hand it seems to be missing out on the crazy explosion of tooling innovation happening on *nix. On the other, it is one of the few companies bringing stuff like Mercurial to Windows, which, love it or loathe it, still has a stranglehold even in developer communities. Some sort of seamless client certificate functionality to help out with authentication and identity. The "com.google" vs "google.com" is interesting since it obviously should be "com.google" except that "google.com" is better for presentation purposes. Except that by almost any measure Facebook runs one of the leanest engineering and tech ops organizations in existence. And don't forget that the author's main thrust was that Facebook faces a "fate worse than death". Adapting a technical architecture to keep up with growth doesn't really seem worse than death, imo. I hear what you're saying but I would give a "pass" to this particular try since it's reasonably well-done and the screencast approach probably works for a certain segment of the population. What I don't care for is when a company puts out something like this and it's obviously just a weak marketing tactic with very little value. The other meaning that you are thinking of really is just a mistake and not a correct usage. In the Bay Area, pre-funded: $0-30k; seed-funded: $30-70k; series A: $60-140k. All: plus equity. The biggest problem for me is that I don't really understand what I'm supposed to do or if there's any purpose. Perhaps a blurb on the home page on what I'm looking at and what I should do? Secondly, the layout design could use some improvement. For one, the text of the status updates seems overwhelmed by the gary bars, italics and green text. Perhaps a design more like Twitter or Facebook where the status update is better represented? Why Hong Kong? Wouldn't Tahoe or Big Sur or Bodega Bay suffice? And your schedule sounds like too much coding and not enough sleep. Why don't you try getting 10 hours of sleep for a few weeks and see if that helps your focus at all. And longer breaks between coding sessions. If there's any chance that was a real question, I'd be curious on an activity over the past 8 months. MBAs have their place: big multi-nationals in middle and upper middle management. Not at the top, not in tech and not in startups. Why would you generalize about engineers administrating business? No one uses godaddy hosting and few use dns. For domains and ssl, godaddy's prices are tough to beat. But MemSQL is targeting MySQL users (at least initially)! Its proposition is more compelling to current MySQL users than it is Postgres (or whichever higher preforming DBs you are referring to) users. And frameworks will have little effort to support the new db and can optimize over time. The whole thing makes a lot of sense to me. Well, it's a lot cheaper! I don't see why a pure software company needs that much funding in the beginning. Their expenses are close to zero. It seems to me they should be able to support an intelligent sub-set of functionality. And if there are any glaring holes, they will hear from users. This doesn't strike me as a big issue. Kudos to them on a fine product and excellent execution but, wow, this seems pretty frothy. And I don't have a huge problem with some of the other big valuations (Square, AirBnB, etc). But DropBox is going to have to find some other interesting business for investors to see any of that money. Just storing files doesn't seem like it would fit that bill. The home of Apple, Ebay, Yahoo, Google, Facebook, Twitter, Zynga, LinkedIn, DropBox, AirBnB, PayPal, Yammer, Eventbrite, Yelp, Palantir, Square, Salesforce, Etrade, NetFlix, Electronic Arts, Sequoia, Kleiner Perkins, Y Combinator, etc. That's not to say that you can't be successful in London but you have to really understand the difference and execute accordingly. Nothing at the other end of the link. The problem is that the RESTafarians spent all their energy telling us what was not REST and no energy showing us what REST is. For many, the act of giving away clothes to another new mother is very satisfying He also wrote this yesterday: http://www.aaronsw.com/weblog/delegation It doesn't seem directly related but still curious. There were some poor judgment on display and I generally don't condone breaking the law but it would be a shame to lose Aaron's epic productivity and ingenuity for any period of time. What totally blew me away was revenue moving from $15.7b to $28.6b. This is a company that was near death 15 years ago and is now within a hair of being the most valuable company in the world. Apple is in a position now where it could shave off some margin on the Mac side and try to bump that share number up to 10% or 20% or even 30%. The world would be a better place. There's never a bad time to buy an Apple product since the resale value is so high. You do realize that the actions Apple takes are what is responsible for its success? I think you are correct that any good programmer could learn PHP (or any language, really) to be productive in a reasonably amount of time. All the startups I've been involved with hire talent over language experience. However, I think the hirer was correct in noting that a PHP job would not be the most attractive job in this period of high demand for engineers. The setup fee is silly in the first place and primarily exists to be able to waive it. Square should have no trouble steamrolling 2checkout with it's more customer friendly pricing and policies. I've had a terrible time installing things like lxml and PIL due to problems with GCC and/or caused by installing Xcode 4.x. Shouldn't this kind of stuff be pretty reliable? Yeah, I think I finally found that tip after trying quite a number of things. And hooray, lxml and PIL both appear to have installed successfully on Lion + Xcode 4.1. That doesn't make any sense. How is the "deal being underwritten by by US taxpayers"? Toyota is paying Tesla for equipment. Equity is typically not exchanged for a loan (that's why it's a loan). By slightly better, are you meaning 97% verus 96%? They weren't getting much more than the shell from Lotus. Since you brought it up, I'm gonna say it: Facecash is a bad idea, poorly executed. None of the 4+ apps that you are offering are compelling. The basic POS thing is never going to work. It's not obviously better but involves set up by both the buyer and seller. And it's kinds of weird ("Sign with your face"??). But then there's a loyalty scheme layered on top. But without any traction on either side, that's not going to work. With money transfers, you should at least copy PayPal to address the chicken and egg problem: let people transfer to an email address or phone number so that the service only requires the sender to be signed up and enabled. Splitting checks is either a small or just bad idea. That's just not a big problem for most people and not one that most would pay to "solve". Finally, we get it, the government sucks when it comes to making laws like those that make starting up a money transmitter company harder. But other entrepreneurs seem to have addressed it. There are a variety of ways to approach it. For one, use a partner for the transmission part and focus on what you think your added-value is. It would be quite easy to layer a face/barcode scheme on top of PayPal, for example. If you can prove it out, then you're in a better position to handle the money transmission yourself. And might be able to interest investors. OK, I'll bite...what are you doing (that is not discernible from the web site)? Pro tip: lose the fixation on legal matters and radically simplify your setup processes (10 clicks to approve the TOS!!??)(that's my background talking). Yeah, the jury seems to still be out on this one. If you are using SQL then plural sounds better. But if you are using some sort of ORM or data access layer, singular frequently works better (ie "rows = db(db.item.id>0).select()"). #10 also seems to be routinely violated, again, especially when ORM is used. How do you pronounce that? corganize? queue-are-ganize? kwarganize? You're going to need to provide some evidence for those assertions. "Nearly every" is a lot? I can't think of any controversial brand names off-hand. For starters, as evidenced by this post, your thought processes are confusing. You might want to try and bring some focus and clarity to your tasks. In the beginning, it would be surprising if you already had so much data that it is the amount of data that is causing the performance issues instead of your code or db decision. For what you are doing, I would give a slight edge to Mongo. > I would argue it is the web itself that is broken And you would be wrong. There's no problem with you creating an alternative design but claiming that the web or scrolling is broken is plain wrong and invites pointless controversy. > that's how every reading experience a user has ever experienced works, outside their computer You do realize that this view is outdated by 10-20 years? You are certainly welcome to your opinions but to assert them as fact is presumptuous. I would never use Skimmer on a PC but it's terrific on an iPad (to some extent because the NY Times app is so miserable). But it's paper-based reading itself that is uncommon. My reading is 90%+ via screen (and I'm 41 years old). This seems interesting but I'm not sure why. What are some use cases? Try to get in touch with Garth Moulton in Charlotte. I suspect he'd be up for a quick meetup. Link: http://blog.goshi.me http://www.mpegla.com/ Will be interesting to see where WePay goes. Group payments is a small category. Tickets and stores are pretty crowded. The bank relationship could be a helper or a hindrance. Compare to Square which is flying with one brilliant idea. "is actually lying to you" I really don't like accusations of lying even if it is accurate (not the case here). I think we need to clean up our discourse and treat people with the benefit of the doubt as much as we can. Public conversations have become so coarse and argumentative. I've always thought APIs should try to avoid versioning. It's usually pretty easy to enhance APIs in a backwards-compatible manner. It also forces smarter design and restraint. Existing users rarely update integrations until they are forced and then it is a major pain just to stay in place. "Chief Scientist" always struck me as an odd title for a startup like this. What sort of science is being conducted in URL shortening? Is it one of those cute startup titles or is there some real meaning behind it? No. Twitter makes boatloads of cash. The redesigner did make some breathtaking pronouncements: "The New York Times presents a rather typical example of terribly-designed news" "popularity has nothing to do with news" "today's paper: irrelevant" "the Times’ search results page is an excellent example of usable news design" > You cannot change anything meaningful Sure you can. I think it's great that a lack of versioning discourages things like renaming a field. It's with versioning where you wind up with...multiple versions. Fine. But a company can charge per seat and still legitimately claim to "help you deliver great support". Saying that's a "lie" really bugs me. It's going to be difficult to drop-in on companies at work without introductions. People are busy. Attending events is certainly a good idea. Here's a good list: http://webwallflower.com/upcoming-events/ It's worth considering a trip to Palo Alto or Mountain View to hit an event. You should probably figure out at least one semi-technical thing that you can discuss positively. In general it's pretty easy to strike up conversations because people like to talk about what they are up to and there's always good tech news. I hope it forces the accommodations industry to get a bit more creative than all the cookie-cutter hotels that exist today. This is a good start: http://www.hotelaka.com/ I'm probably a prude but the profanity and use of "wtf", "badass" and "retardedness" are off-putting, especially if you expect to target businesses. 'We Don't Want to Trade Security for Volume' = 'we don't want to be successful'. I never really got the sense that Wesabe was really trying to be successful. I know that sounds odd but the web site was always in disarray and what was being offered was not compelling. It seemed like there was a lot of focus on providing universal bank APIs which sounds cool but is a different business. Whereas Mint was simply QuickenWeb done (mostly) right. Is it really that had to fill in "Mr" or whatever in the other name box? Why the downotes? Some further explanation I guess: Early at PayPal, we had lots of competitors making pronouncements like this and what they seemed to miss is that the actions they were complaining about were the very ones that made us successful. Yammer is great for groups of all sizes. The advantage is that the information is public and searchable. > AirBnb is technically not liable for those damages right? Totally irrelevant. This has obviously gone beyond "technical liability". But the correct answer is "1 or more". 1, 2 and 4 are probably wrong and I haven't really heard 3 and 5 asserted. Wadhwa always seems to be on the wrong side of things and I can't tell if he's just a contrarian or just mainly an academic. Why the downvote? This is bad advice. There is typically little downside in meeting up with VCs and plenty of upside. Kudos on the recently added https support. And on CloudFlare now (vs Amazon)...interesting. I'm confused. In most cases, the libraries will arrive faster from the CDN than each user's web server. CDNjs' reason for existence is specifically that these libraries are not available in other CDNs. HTTPS must be supported on HTTPS pages to avoid security warnings. Why would you use this to pass around how-to HTML files? Is this speculation or proved? It's just as easy to surmise that getting the assets closer to the client will overcome any slow down from an extra connection. Pro tip: leave off the protocol to support both http and https. Example: Source: http://html5boilerplate.com/ I wasn't aware that a single DNS lookup was that expensive. Aren't they frequently cached? And with more people using cdnjs, there's a better chance the DNS entry as well as the assets might already be cached, leading to an even greater performance gain. When you say "all these misc CDNs" you're talking about just one, CDNjs, right? I suppose the CDN could host other assets if it made sense. But I can't think of any other assets with the type of commonality that JavaScript libs have. Cool. Looks like times are gradually improving. Neither are having trouble generating revenue: http://mashable.com/2011/01/24/twitter-revenue-150-million/ It may be surprising to you but a lot of people are not so lawyerly. I myself have never used a lawyer for a personal matter despite many situations where it sounds like you would. It's just not my thing I suppose and I don't believe I'm alone. Not saying it's better or worse. I think this obviously different from your garden variety burglary. For one, I think the owner is questioning both her ability to make good judgments as well as trust other people and services. This is in addition to the helpless feeling of being burgled. Well who knows what keys they might still have? Everyone i know has lots of keys and doesn't get all of them changed immediately. But I suspect most of the time you see "manage preferences" is on transactional emails (such as those the OP lists). Why do people mark non-spam as spam? Why do they boast about it? First, I think 2 clicks is ok. Second, I don't think it's admirable to mark non-spam as spam. From all the people saying they mark spam if there is not a one click unsubscribe. Challenge responses are silly and unnecessary. They didn't say it was unsolicited or unwanted. They just said if they could not unsubscribe in one or two clicks they'd mark it as spam, regardless if it was spam. Why the down vote? They didn't say it was illegal or that they didn't want it. That's my point. Why the down vote? But that doesn't necessarily make them spam. And that's the point. You are marking something as spam that is not spam and that makes you a bad actor. I was saying that they might have keys to locks that have _not_ been changed (ie office, car, mail, etc). Why the down vote? Please explain the down votes or have some discretion. Please explain the down votes or have some discretion. But what if it's transactional or something you signed up for? Something merely unwanted is not by definition spam. > Doesn't the fact that they immediately want to unsubscribe make it quite obvious that the email is unsolicited? No, not at all. Spam is typically defined as bulk and indiscriminate. Why has Firefox been so slow to slim down its UI? The back button is still way too big and the button colors not subtle enough. A browser should disappear into the background to some extent. It's just a window into the interwebs after all. In fact, by locating distribution centers much further from population centers, they require even more government services. I can understand if the reasoning is in bad faith but downvoting merely for disagreement seems like abuse. Does "any email" include transactional messages? Emails you requested? Emails from friends and coworkers? Not all email must include unsubscribe capabilities. > "it didn’t reflect my true feelings" Yeah, that phrase jumped out at me too. Both because it implies not telling the truth as well as still passing the buck (were they someone else's words?). And it's too bad because otherwise the post is good. And I'd have to agree with commentary regarding the photo. It just doesn't strike the right tone of empathy and humbleness. I'm sure it's hard to be humble when you've created a rocket ship but it's a great attribute in these situations. It's always the first thing I do but unfortunately defaults matter. Almost identical to Giftly including the chutes and ladders diagram: http://begiftly.com/what-is-giftly Why the downvote? The idea and implementation similarity is at least moderately interesting. That couldn't have been through Gmail? You're downvoting because of that? The person specifically said "any email that does not have a one-click unsubscribe". Two of the three categories I mentioned were not "emails from gramma" but that's the example you choose to focus on? I really do think he means that he marks as spam messages that are not spam. And the biggest problem with spam prevention is the false marking as spam. It's much worse to miss a legit email than to receive spam. The correct link: http://whittleidea.com/blog/24-popular-startup-advice-that-m... The other browser makers seem to disagree. The article describes and understated 5br home replacing a 13br monstrosity at a price tag of around 1/3 Larry ellison's. 1) it was a big story in general, 2) it was a very big story in the tech blogosphere and 3) it is one of the most successful ycombinator companies to date (ycombinator also being the host of hn). Seems pretty straightforward to me. I believe this is not uncommon. But look at it from the manager's perspective: unless they are really using design to move the needle, individual bouts of creativity are frequently counter-productive. I'd say you are "that" guy. This is indisputably an interesting story even if it wasn't YC's crown jewel (or, one of). This is what many bloggers do...they write about their experiences. Unlike some or even many, EJ was not writing to build HN karma. I think what she has written is plausibly reasonable. It would be easy to nit pick with some of the details. Everyone bends a little in their own direction but I didn't see anything worthy of the "liar" designation. I don't get this attitude. All of business is using raw materials to create something that people are willing to pay for. Using Mechanical Turk is not always a pleasant experience. There is quite a bit of nuance on how to price things, how to qualify submissions and submitters, etc (not that a service will get all this correct right out of the gate). And don't forget, we're talking about a rather modest $10-40. Seems like re-using the same stipulation wouldn't work longer term. Not necessarily but discretion is advised. Some prolific users submit their own posts (ex: http://news.ycombinator.org/item?id=2837905 ). > she's enjoying all the fame and attention My sense is the complete opposite. > If you're implying that what I said was for karma I was not. I'm not sure you're interpreting things well on this topic. You could graduate it over many years and the departures would unlikely be noticeable. Investment capital levels cannot trump everything. If there was a free tier I would definitely check it out. Less spammy link: http://www.theatlantic.com/infocus/2011/08/inside-north-kore... Should this type of thing be flagged? Crazy slow loading web site and doesn't work right on an iPad. But a nice idea. A startup in my offices trying to build a "challenges" platform: http://kaggle.com Just tried again. It's brutally slow. I have never scrolled with two fingers before but that worked. You mean "should your URL be flashcarte.net or www.flashcarte.net?" I personally prefer without "www" but there seem to remain some question if that is advisable. There are apparently some hosting issues which may preference "www" (or at least something). Do the emails have an unsubscribe link or any instructions on how to be removed from the list? Is the receipt of such emails unbearable? If so, maybe delete them as they come in. Or set up a filter. Good job on the earnings but there's not a whole lot we can take away from the CPM figure. I'm not sure there is anything to compare it to besides other AirBnB listings and the only other data point we currently have is an order of magnitude better (246/$1129). Not all apartments are rented. Not all short term rentals are illegal. And not all leases forbid subletting. Ideally they'd be able to say "we messed up, we're making the necessary changes" but can't do that with a lawsuit pending. I don't see any good reasons why they can't simply use cookies and acknowledge that some folks will delete them. Sorry, but I really don't like it, especially because you are pitching web site building services. Everything about the site looks very amateurish. You don't even have to get to fancy, just much higher quality. For example, here's a very well respected similar type of company: http://www.zurb.com Also, any information about what this might cost? I've seen people post similar services on HN before for $5-10k. Yeah, even in "dense mode" the padding is still way to much. In the old version I could see 32 files vs 20 in the new version. That's a major step backwards. And I agree that the lack of visual page structure makes it hard to look at and use. I generally favor a clean look but this is a bit extreme. Even the dense version is still much less dense than classic. All the other Google redesigns have the same problem so I'm not sure that it is a preview matters at this point. Someone at Google really likes the wide spacing and a I presume the dense option was a compromise (that didn't go far enough). Depending on how your search goes you might consider comparing notes or joining forces with Formative Labs. I wouldn't be surprised if it did. As microscopic and irrelevant as Bitcoin is, many of its users and prospective users skew anti-government and anti-central bank so anything contributing to that sentiment could generate a modest increase in activity. Probably a better headline is something like "People moderately surprised at something that sorta makes sense after a reminder". > Is it the cost? Performance issues? Frustrating development environment? Lack of a Hacker community? They didn't learn it in their CS courses? All of the above? I think you nailed it. But it's probably not that big a deal. In some cases it will help you find engineers and in others it will hinder. Overall, you will be less likely to attract HN types, which is not the end of the world. I like some of the other comments about how it is overwhelmingly more important to "build something that people want" or "find customers". Yes, since so much is happening in the browser, there's absolutely no reason to tolerate the unpleasantness of Windows. It's now been 5 months of dire predictions and yet it apparently remains somewhat under control? Are there any decent summaries of that the genuine situation and implications? This article just sounds like more of the questionable-source, hysterical variety. This is generally not a criminal thing so I'm not sure the police or DA would get involved. You might consider small claims court or maybe a collections agency. Have you turned over whatever you were contacted to do? So it's a real person who is actually conducting some sort of business? I suppose there's an outside chance you might be get some funds but doesn't sound too good. As you know now, the research would have been better performed in the beginning. Github is more important than git so I guess that leaves figuring out how important linus or git was to the origin of github. Is here something about git specifically that made it more suitable for github than say mercurial or bazaar? Or was it timing or happenstance? So did Linus have anything o do with it winning the popularity contest? A here something about git that made it the foundation for github vs oth dvcs? It seems like you are making the point unintentionally. But Hastings-led Netflix DID launch streaming so I'm not sure what your point is. They would have needed to predict that for some bizarre reason Netflix would not do the obvious thing and get into streaming. But it's almost impossible and quite expensive to get a criminal verdict. That it was interstate makes it even more difficult. Why the downvotes? I did not say it was not criminal, just that it wasn't something that law enforcement would likely pursue. Not very active: http://www.reddit.com/r/smallbusiness/ I found the post very poorly written. Is this the best Treasury could do to explain the situation? While I happen to think the Github UI is quite nice, it's a minor aspect of Gihub's importance. Github basically invented "social coding" which I would argue has been a genuine phenomenon unmatched by BitBucket, Launchpad, et al (or Sourceforge). Git (and Mercurial) didn't offer substantial advancements over Bitkeeper (save licensing) and Git's popularity was solidified with it being chosen for Linux. While reasonable people may disagree on the merits of Git, Hg and Bazaar, it's difficult to put BitBucket and Launchpad in Github's circle. While it may be ironic to value the importance of centralization on this topic, it's unwise to not to value it. Downvote? Really? I'm surprised not even a mention of evolution, at least to note that it is only a minor influence (if such is the case). I don't have the answer but will point out that many estimations will mistakenly forget to acknowledge that a certain percentage of web activity, possibly a large percentage, simply waits for services to come back online. I've tried to use both of these with mixed results. TinyMCE feels old and they both have become somewhat bloated. The new CK design is a disaster. I would love to see a new option in this category. One with a great deal of restraint. But there's decent research on how taller men fare better on reproductive fitness and attributes can change meaningfully even in just 7 generations. I'm not saying it's the main cause or even a significant contributor (although it could be; I just haven't done the research), I was just surprised it wasn't even touched upon. Yes, there is. In most companies, the database is significantly more accessible than any encryption keys. For goodness sake, marketers typically have query access to the DB. And the issue of emailing a password is different. The problem there is that if I gain access to your email account, I can quickly search "password" to discover your private passwords that a company, not you, chose to drop into your email account. But to be clear, user-created passwords should be stored one-way hashed and never emailed. > they shouldn't have read access to the passwords table in a properly configured system. If they do, it's time to fire your DBA. I can guarantee that it happens. A lot. And firing the DBA is a poor solution. While I agree that restaurant sites in particular are quite lousy, Fleur de Lys did not strike me as a good example. Hubert Keller is a genuine personality and aspiring DJ. The restaurant is small, has no trouble staying full, the menu changes frequently and wants to surprise diners anyway. But I'll reiterate, even thought the point has already been made a million times: not providing a web site that can be viewed on an iOS device is criminally insane, particularly for restaurants which frequently would be accessed by mobile devices. I think there's definitely room for this type of service even with companies like AppSumo already existing (AppSumo deal quality has been trending down). It's definitely not easy. You have to line up both high quality sellers as well as start building an email list and web site traffic. It's a considerable chick and egg situation. But not insurmountable. Good luck. From the headline and seeing that you are a customer support company, I was expecting to read about how the different approaches can benefit users. Boy was I wrong. I think it's fine to ask the question here but I cannot overemphasize that something like this should be tested. Hopefully you are able to generate enough traffic to get meaningful metrics. You can even try different variations of the copy, videos, call to actions, etc. First, one of the best things you can do is let each developer choose their machines and give them a generous budget. Not only will that likely lead to the most productivity but it also puts the employee control as well as discourages complaints. I don't have Java/Tomcat experience but have yet to run into a situation where a MacBook Pro was an inadequate development machine. I also don't understand "we're too big for Amazon". One of the best ways to justify an iPad purchase is knowing that you can easily sell it for 50-80 cents on the dollar. I was head of support for a good size startup and we set all of our reply-tos to go into our support system. There was not much junk (thanks Gmail) but lots of autoresponders. But it's totally manageable. I set up some hairy Gmail filters to try to weed out the autoresponders (would be nice if Gmail could help out more here). My email account was also the "catch all" and even that wasn't too bad. And some good email comes in. The thing that is astounding is that these companies otherwise spend millions of dollars to try to talk to these very same customers. Unbelievable. What was the problem? Junk? Autoresponders? Somthing else? Junk is easy to weed out if you run it through Gmail. Autoresponders can be managed for the most part with filtering (although there's room for dedicated tools here). Why can't companies be humane and communicate with customers via email? Every company parrots the falsehood that they are customer-centric and yet they can't figure out how to communicate with customers via email? Why is that acceptable? 1) This is rare but unfortunate. 2) Autoresponders are almost totally useless these days. 3) If this was handled like spam (at last by Google), it probably would not be a problem. http://www.styleseat.com/ recently launched but more of a boooking tool. You probably could have written that in a much more constructive manner. See if you can tone down your resume a bit. Emphasize your talents and experience as an individual contributor. In the corporate world, you have to understand that you would be a scary hire for a manager because you are in a solid position to second-guess. Because 1) it can easily lead to sloppiness and 2) it can significantly decrease your exit options. How much does it cost? Small business accounting remains a wide open category for new entrants. However, I'm not sure web-based solutions are the right approach. For whatever reason, it feels like accounting should be a piece of client software. Perhaps because there is some UX richness that is still lacking in the browser. Perhaps because because it feels like the data should be local. Also, I think it would be difficult to do a lousier job in putting forth standardize financial data formats than what Intuit has done. In most cases, a simple CSV file would have sufficed. But Intuit with all of it's complicated, multi-dimensional data formats, one for each product with many becoming outdated. Yuck. Great recent "Bloomberg Risk Taker" profile on Elon: http://www.bloomberg.com/video/73460184/ I'm not sure "irrational" is the best description. It's not obvious to most in California that water is in that short of supply. It also seems reasonable that treated water would be used for things like watering crops before things like human drinking water. Finally, it's reasonable to be wary of something newish that sounds obviously problematic. First, they did take quite a bit of money off the table. Second, they are on target to do a $25+ billion IPO (ie, 4x the Google price). Doesn't sound idiotic to me. This is a good example of why MBAs frequently make lousy entrepreneurs. So much in this article is wrong. First, Groupon actually does have more network effects than a simple retailer like Amazon (save reviews). Shoppers go where the deals are, merchants go where the shoppers are. Bigger lists mean better targeting. Etc. That's why Groupon has continued to dominate despite the plethora of clones. But the bigger problem is the implication that Groupon will not adjust its economics in the future. Groupon could slash SG&A, sales and marketing to become wildly profitable and still grow quickly. It's actually quite amazing how long Groupon has managed to take a whopping 25% cut. This is likely to diminish as discounts become smaller and merchants negotiate better terms. But still healthy enough to support a very large business. > businesses should become profitable before they become big The opposite is true of most or all of the big internet businesses. > Groupon's fundamental problem is that it has not yet discovered a viable business model Taking a 25% cut of sales is a fantastically viable business model. > I have no problem letting investors finance my cheap consumption. But as far as an investment goes, Groupon is looking about as profitable as giving away your merchandise for 90% off. These statements are just wrong. Merchants are financing your cheap consumption. Who is giving merchandise away for 90% off? Where does that come from? I am far from a Groupon apologist but so much of the "analysis" on the company is so bad. Comparisons to Pointcast, Pets.com or Webvan are totally unfounded. This company is generating massive cash flows. What are you talking about? Groupon's IPO could occur in a matter of weeks. Bankers have been selected. Road show planning is under way. Barring a global economic meltdown, Groupon is likely to IPO for $20-30 billion. Unless your site is Facebook, Twitter or Zynga, I don't think your comment has merit. > business owners (national and local) that participate on Groupon, for the most part, are having bad experiences My understanding is that Groupon's satisfaction rate is well above 50%. It seems that everyone forgets that, at worst, this is an advertising expense that guarantees revenue and foot traffic. It was in return for turning down the $6b Google offer. Paying $6b for a $20-30b company seems smart to me. The Groupon model is insanely profitable once you trim SG&A, sales and marketing (useful for hyper growth, not useful for sustenance). What's a "sidebar" in a mobile context (I'm an iPhones user)? Is it a reference to scroll bars? I absolutely detest the Wikipedia mobile version with all the sections collapsed. Well, yes, Groupon thought the offer was low and that it could do better on its own. And so cashed out some investors and employees in return for delaying a complete exit. Some will get paid out in the IPO, some will get paid out in a secondary and I doubt the stock will collapse on lockup expiration (it rarely does). 25 cents to get someone through the door is the best deal on the planet. Comparing Groupon to Madoff is a bit of a stretch. Can you back up calling Groupon's founders "greedy crooks"? That's quite an accusation. Why the downvote? "crooks" implies criminality. Is that really what is being suggested? Why the down vote? At $0.25 per, it really does not matter. Even at higher costs, the customer mix would need to be pretty horrible to compete unfavorably with traditional advertising where you very well might get zero custo,ers for your outlay. Groupon's primary marketing costs are associated with list building and its lists don't lose much value over time. In fact, it could bring its marketing spend to $0 and continue to maintain healthy sales. Agree with the OP: the ACSOI controversy was blown out of proportion. Not really. Groupon's marketing spend goes to list-building. It could reduce it's marketing costs dramatically and still run its business for the most part. Why do people downvote merely because they disagree? Very annoying. If you disagree, include a reply. Please support your downvote. Downvoting should not be used for simple disagreement. Why the downvotes? Yes, it deteriorates over time but you are confusing subscribers with businesses. The sales effort to acquire business customers is included in SG&A, not marketing. Why is Groupon-supporting commentary considered trolling or shilling? The fact is the Gorupon's marketing spend is building an asset that has lasting value and accounting for such is not unreasonable. A 100 million opted-in email list has almost as much value next year as it does this year even if it stops growing. ACSOI has to do with acquiring subscribers, not businesses (that's covered in SG&A). It's beyond plausible that Groupon would still have a thriving business without spending to acquire new subscribers. There is clearly value in organizing the content into an iTunes-like UX. > the number of purchases per customer will likely continue to decline over time Actually, as Groupon dials down on acquisition and dials up on activity, the reverse is more likely. > the costs associated with building that network are analogous to building product in more traditional companies Right. Which is why product development costs are frequently split out form operating expenses into line items such as R&D. This is generally considered the best summary of the topic and bcrypt is strongly encouraged, to say the least: http://codahale.com/how-to-safely-store-a-password/ I don't think the concern is so much hacking your login than it is what happens if someone grabs your user table. That said, I suspect what you are proposing is stronger than average even among the HN crowd. This article is kind of a yawner. No new information and not exactly the magazine I would go to for this topic. I don't really understand the final paragraph which suggests a $6b exit might have been favorable to a $10-25b exit. Groupon-hate is tired. More interesting is a bull case: http://news.ycombinator.org/item?id=2904187 Groupon's cash flow is just like any other business: it buys merchandise (coupons) from vendors (on a net 60 basis), marks it up and sells it to consumers. How is that a ponzi scheme? I think you might be confused since many news outlets are making it sound like today's Groupon buyer's are funding yesterday's vendors in some sort of mischievous way. But that's how all businesses work. Groupon is based in Chicago and Chicago was indeed its first market. Boston, it's second market, gets cited frequently because Groupon itself spotlights it as an example market, possibly because it's a broader proxy than Chicago would be. I've been looking at Blueprint and Skeleton but this looks like a better option. If I'm not a LESS user am I going to feel second class? Calling this a ponzi scheme is a mistake. If you consider coupons merchandise and Groupon getting net 60 day terms it's just like any other retailer. There is one palatable explanation although I have not seen any confirmation: the early payouts assuaged investors and executives who might have preferred the Google deal. Also, there are many examples of fantastically wealthy folks who remain quite motivated. Why is a good post like this downvoted? I know HNers tend to disagree but the sentiment is for the most part spot on. Groupon is not a ponzi scheme. It operates like any other business that buys from vendors on net 60 terms. It can obviously dial down on acquisition spending and be left with a fabulously valuable asset of 100+ million opted-in subscribers/accounts. A list that it can market to very inexpensively. I've typically seen "ponzi" referencing Groupon's business model, not it's financing activity. Having a late stage investor payoff earlier investors/shareholders is not uncommon. IPO investors then payoff those investors and so forth. Is that what you mean? Are you referring to the last funding round where a portion of the financing went to shareholders? That's not uncommon and I'm not really sure where you would draw the line. There's a buyer and seller on every stock transaction. It's lame that HNers are so blind to the reality of the Groupon case. It's even more lame that some HN members use downvoting to express disagreement. Your whole comment is lacking but this part is plainly false: "every time those customers buy a deal, groupon goes farther in the hole". Groupon's share of the every coupon purchase, which is around 40%, drops right to the bottom line. The post you are referring to has quite a few more solid points than most of what I read here. The fact is, the post was downvoted because some set of HNers both disagree that Groupon could be a viable business and feel that downvoting is the proper way to express disagreement in HN. It's completely lame. If you disagree with a post, you should post a reply with your arguments. Downvoting should not be used for simple disagreement. Regarding the first citation, I think this response is more useful: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=117237 And your second example makes better sense than your first. None of those three reasons have to do with agreeance. Downvoting causes comments to literally disappear. It's tragic that good comments disappear because some people disagree. Those are frequently the most valuable comments. Downvoting should be reserved for obviously low/no value comments. It adds no value to downvote comments merely because they express that Groupon might have a viable business. tl;dr: Groupon reports $100 in revs with 50% margins. Should report $50 in revs with 100% margins. Why would you want to hide comments that you merely disagree with? That goes against everything a quality discussion site like HN stands for. Downvoting should be used for comments that do not advance the discussion. This is a poorly reasoned article. I will only respond to the two bolded statements but the bulk of the article is questionable: businesses should become profitable before they become big This is contradicted by virtually all of the big, successful internet companies. I would challenge anyone to name even one internet company that was profitable before it was big (such as Amazon, Google, Ebay, Facebook, Twitter, Yahoo, etc). Groupon's fundamental problem is that it has not yet discovered a viable business model Groupon has discovered the most outrageously viable business model of pretty much any company formed in the past 10 years. It takes 25% of the business it facilitates. Totally unheard of in such mature markets as small business services and retail. I don't see any reason, competitive or otherwise, why it cannot at least match the basic rendering qualities of Webkit and Mozilla. It's maniacal that something like Twitter Bootstrap renders so poorly in a current version of IE. There were two decent reasons why IE performed differently than its competitors: 1) competitive distribution of technologies such as ActiveX and 2) inability of locked down computers (ie, corporate seats) to update. But neither of these reasons hold water anymore (if they ever did). I'm gonna have to disagree here. First, something provided as free open source is significantly different than something non-free without a permissive license. For starters, there's an implication of improvement either by the original author or a forker. Second, something coming from Twitter developers includes a not insignificant amount of social validation. Third, I go to Themeforest and I can barely figure out where to begin. Finally, the themes I actually am able to find there mostly seem quite a bit "thicker" than what I would want to use to start a project. Yes, please. And thank you. The reality is that IE8 (and probably IE7) are widely used and lack of support is a non-starter. And from what I've seen, some of the gaps looks reasonably fillable. And to nit-pick, can you make the drop-downs a bit less fancy? I love what CloudFlare is doing. From offering a free service to basically cache and speed up your web site for free with minimal set up, to hosting CDNjs, to doing deals with MediaTemple to helping peeps migrate from EveryDNS. Major props. The video is definitely more engaging than text would have been. And I think it's a reasonable topic on HN. I knew some of it but certainly not all. This sounds more like a marketing stunt than a customer service story. It hides the referer which is unfortunate. Maybe an option only to login, register, etc via HTTPS? Would it make sense for "set" to be a POST? Or does that compromise "easy"? Service idea: pan-web Disqus-like discussion widget that works like HN. It would be ironic of Schwartz is listed in Britannica. I didn't downvote you but I can understand the sentiment. Your comment is nonsensical and does not add value. If I understand it correctly (I think Wikipedia is trustworthy therefore I am stupid), I believe this is a fairly minority opinion. Sorry, but Google's results are not defensible in these two cases. A search engine that spends a fraction of real estate to suggest specificity on rather generic term is performing better. It would be difficult to test but I suspect on a search for "java" that coffee or geography would fare better in relevance than the second half of Google's results. Likewise, it doesn't even make any sense to search for "college or college" without quotes. It makes even less sense when the internet includes an exact match on "college or uncollege". Oddly, a search for "college and uncollege" (without quotes) finds the article in the #1 position. Again, is it too much to ask that Google include a few exact match results even when it strongly suspects a miss-spelling? I think Google should definitely be over-careful when deciding to vacate the searcher's terms due to suspected miss-spelling but I don't agree that it should vacate the feature altogether. I'm sure Google has evidence to support a net increase in searcher satisfaction with the behavior. Perhaps there's a middle ground when the algorithm is less certain there's been a miss-spelling and includes some results satisfying the original query. To those who downvoted: is your position that Google's results are better in these two cases? Or that it doesn't matter? Or that the cost to match/exceed DDG's results outweighs the benefits? Or that since Google works differently behind the scenes it should not be expected to deliver these kinds of results? Downvote? Really? I think the vast majority of internet and wikipedia users find it to be a credible source. My first thought was: what about duplicate names? PayPal should have been doing this years ago. Kudos to Recurly for bringing this to the public in front of Stripe which is still private. I just looked and wasn't able to find it. For one, CheddarGetter looks to be a hosted provider whereas Recurly and Stripe support buyers remaining on the merchant's web pages. But the main feature I was referencing was a JavaScript library that handles credit card information so that the merchant never sees a credit card number and thus need not worry about PCI compliance. That historically has not been provided in a way that allows the payer to remain on the merchant's web page. Recurly still supports hosted payment pages in which case the merchant doesn't need SSL. As far as I know, Recurly and Stripe are the only two processors providing JavaScript libraries to tokenize credit card information such that merchants do not handle the credit card information that suscepts them to PCI compliance. Ok, I see, so it's a bit different from Stripe's approach which to actually Ajax the cc# to stripe's server and return a token which the merchant then uses as a proxy for thee cc in normal API calls. I think they claim to obviate the self-exam for merchants despite it being materially similar to e transparent post. I think it's a reasonable caveat and don't find its inclusion undermining the OPs main thrust. The "_why" post led me over to TryRuby.org which looks like it may have been inspiration. The thing I noticed was how much I prferred TryRuby's layout. It seems like the CodeAcademy instructions are overwhelmed by other screen elements and awkwardly placed lower left of the console. I also think you could let people type more a la Learn * The Hard Way. But really like where you're going. I suspect the author accidentally included some "off the record" companies. Aside: if you want automatic downvotes, suggest that Groupon might be viable. Since downvoting erases, it should definitely not be used for simple disagreement. It should be used on poor arguments, bad faith, pointless posts, etc. It's harder to suggest that upvoting should not be used for agreement. Regardless, in both cases, I prefer that voting be used to evaluate quality. The current problem is that while both arrows have a similar effect on positioning, down voting also causes the post to sort of disappear, which is ok for lousy posts but tragic for good, but unpopular posts. Maybe it's simple experience and observation? Do those still count anymore? Does everything have to be written up in BusinessWeek before it becomes assertable? I'm guessing you are referring to this passage, but I can only guess since you forgot to specify: "Q: What's the biggest surprise this technology will deliver? A: The problem is I'm older now, I'm 40 years old, and this stuff doesn't change the world. It really doesn't. Q: That's going to break people's hearts. A: I'm sorry, it's true. Having children really changes your view on these things. We're born, we live for a brief instant, and we die. It's been happening for a long time. Technology is not changing it much - if at all. These technologies can make life easier, can let us touch people we might not otherwise. You may have a child with a birth defect and be able to get in touch with other parents and support groups, get medical information, the latest experimental drugs. These things can profoundly influence life. I'm not downplaying that. But it's a disservice to constantly put things in this radical new light - that it's going to change everything. Things don't have to change the world to be important. The Web is going to be very important. Is it going to be a life-changing event for millions of people? No. I mean, maybe. But it's not an assured Yes at this point. And it'll probably creep up on people. It's certainly not going to be like the first time somebody saw a television. It's certainly not going to be as profound as when someone in Nebraska first heard a radio broadcast. It's not going to be that profound." 15 years later...yeah, probably not an accurate call on "the web". But I think I sort of understand what he's trying to say. And am mindful that he was trying to be a bit provocative. I still don't really understand when I would consider using it. Would you use it to create some or all of Shopify? Maybe this blurb from the documentation could find its way to the hoe page: batman.js is a framework for building rich single-page browser applications. It is written in CoffeeScript and its API is developed with CoffeeScript in mind, but of course you can use plain old JavaScript too. But there are other problems with the comment. There's no mention of CoffeeScript anywhere It's in the 2nd paragraph of the docs. Not prominent, but somewhere. CoffeeScript is not JavaScript Technically true, I suppose, but they are beyond related. If it's a JavaScript framework Maybe it's a CoffeeScript framework? My sense is that at the very least, the use of CoffeeScript is an important aspect of the project.