As far as I understood the article, David had this accident in Argentina and the local authorities are investigating the matter. Daniel then left the country, going back to Brazil. Presumably -- but this is pure speculation on my part -- they asked him to return, in order to answer questions, and he declined. Argentina issues an international arrest warrant, so they can interview him. Daniel travels overseas, immigration at the airport scans his passport, the arrest warrant pops up. Everything from that point is purely automatic. Its language semantics are a sweet spot for me. And in my kind of web applications I handle massive load via HTTP Caching, leaving your "fast" language without cache-aware architecture far behind, thank you very much. The language does not implement caching. Your application architecture needs to take server caching into account. And in my experience, devs who focus so much on the "fast language" part, do so, because they don't actually know much about caching. And no, this statement is not universally qualified. I don't understand why you would want to implement HTTP caching in a language's runtime. Honestly, I don't even see where and how you could even do that. Of course "you don't implement caching". I think it was clear that I was talking about designing a cache-aware application. Cf. http://www.mnot.net/cache_docs/ . Okay, then I misunderstood where you were getting at. My fault. No, it didn't. The United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit did. I have played with GPG time and again, my Enigmail/Thunderbird/OpenPGP card setup is fully functional. But what's holding me back is webmail. I don't use the web interface often, but it has proven to be absolutely crucial to be able to get some important mail (boarding pass, mail explaining how to get somewhere etc.) from any computer. Doesn't help. First, I'm not remotely interested in running my own mail infrastructur anymore. Been there, done that. Today it's much too hard to get mails accepted by others. But more important: iPads don't have an USB connector, my mobile phone doesn't have one. Friends have Macs, in other places there might be other crippled devices. The web is a universal building block. USB sticks are not. A password manager does not encrypt or sign mails. My friend's computers don't have PGP installed. Neither do "surf terminals". I certainly cannot install PGP there. Everything that requires some special software to run is a non-starter. That's wrong (you may mean "in the US", though, I don't know about that). And incredibly stupid. Of course it is desirable to give the attacker a chance to retreat by firing a warning shot. If he continues and you're in imminent physical danger, you shoot at the legs. And only if that did not help you go for the torso. (If there is enough time, if the killing shot is the only one you're ever going to get to fire, then that it is) That is equivalent to abolishing rule of law. And leads to an immediate race to the bottom of human sentiments and emotions. Feel free to google for "Gesundes Volksempfinden" (~"healthy people's perception"). The central pillar that allowed German jurists in the Third Reich to distort the existing law at will. The German civil code has been changed often, but fundamentally it's the same now as it was in 1900. Pretty fascinating how it's now seeing the fourth totally different political system. Well, but I know about what German courts require in cases of self-defense with a gun. I'm sorry to hear that the US have not developed some sensible framework of self-defense. I find the Florida system eminently sensible, even not going far enough. Maybe just because I'm kind of used to it. German self-defense law is even stronger than all those Stand Your Ground laws in the US. I guess only here law professors can write about the "ignominious/dishonorable flight" when discussing options against an attacker. "Justice does not have to yield to injustice" is a very common saying. But even if the law allows you to strike back, it's usually still a good idea to retreat. :-) A saying from an aquaintance who works as a public prosecutor in capital cases: "Generally it's preferable to discuss the limitations of self-defense with the prosecutor, than having the family discuss with the undertaker." Ambiguity does exist in natural languages, and it is obviously no big problem.[1] Unfortunately, technically inclined people like to apply their domain specific "knowledge" (compiler cosntruction?) to everything and come to incredibly bad conclusions. Ex falso quodlibet. It gets especially bad when technical guys talk about law and juristic methodology. Demonstrated daily here on HN. [1] BTW, linguistics is descriptive, not prescriptive. You immediately disqualify yourself from any linguistic discussion when you claim that native speakers are in error. > Reasonably foreseeable outcome. In German law that's even intent. The weakest form of intent, and not always easy to distinguish from wanton negligence, but still. The difference is probably that in your case you're showing self-produced evidence that you can easily and arbitrarily create, while in the case of physical shipment another party confirms the shipment. I passed the last course and cannot recommend it enough. I'd love to know the answer to the last week's programming problems, though. I only got part of it. Luckily, criminals (and innocents) don't get to dictate the process and legal rules of criminal investigations (and extraditions). We call it rule of law. You may have heard of it. I do not see where I actually commented on the merits of the case or the extradition request. Maybe you can enlighten all of us? Encrypt your content with AES-128 with a random (from /dev/random) key; write the key down as 32 hexadecimal digits. Nobody is going to break it, ever. Don't you advocate the use of urandom, or is there a subtlety I haven't got yet? Over the last days I've been looking into the whole "never use urandom for crypto" meme that permeates practically every Linux and general tech message board (and that I had believed for years). And I've come away with the conclusion that not trusting AES (or another modern block cipher) to be "good enough" for the CSPRNG, but using the output for... AES (or another modern block cipher) is quite comical. Germany's best-selling PC magazine c't periodically distributes "Bankix" on their CD. It's a Linux live system (with permanent storage on a USB stick) geared specifically towards online banking. I believe that quite a few people actually use it. Of course the hardware is the same, but you get a clean single purpose software system. Gutmann's cryptlib, as well, I guess. Someone would probably notice, checking the DVD against a checksum. Repackaging it seems to be tricky, since the paper inlay is bound in the magazine, it's not just stuck on the cover or whatever. You tear it out at a perforation, leaving part of the DVD cover inside. There are much more exposed attack vectors on online banking users, I would think. And you can always just download the ISO and check it against the hash (and the PGP key). But he is putting innocents at risk. That's why in my jurisdiction you can get fined up to 2000 Euros for that (a realistic amount is a low double-digit amount -- if nothing further happens, of course). If one of those ciphers is completely broken, so that can be decrypted as easily as ROT13, correct? Actually my impression is that many many user space programs use /dev/random, even for short term keys and nonces and stuff, just because they have learned by "more experienced Linux users" that /dev/urandom is not secure. Just look at all those "OpenSSL hangs on my server" bug reports and forum posts. And the man pages are better today than they used to be, but they still don't forcefully dispel that myth. I really would love to see FreeBSDs /dev/urandom behavior on Linux, i.e. "block once at system start". Yes, you need some kind of entropy estimator for that. I know, you're enraged, but truthfulness is still not optional. The defendant did not "make the law available for free", he (allegedly) distributed a copyrighted standards text. Which is not law. At all. And no, it is not incorporated into law, either. Despite what some people usually claim. (There are a few DIN standards that are actually incorporated, but I've never come across those, I think they are used in some building construction code or whatever). I know, I also think it's bad that there is no way to read and use standards freely (or cheaply), but the headline is totally misleading. Look, I know, EU "law" is difficult. I happen to have a little bit of knowledge about that, because I work on safety-related systems in industrial automation, where the same legal mechanisms apply (although "my" directive is 2006/42/EG, not Directive 2001/95/EC). Legally it works like this: 1. The EU issues a directive. Directives are not directly binding (some gray areas have developed over the years) and must be implemented by national legislatures into national law. The directive is the base line, national legislators may go above and beyond what the directive calls for. 2. In Germany we have implemented this directive (as well as "my directive", that's why I claim to have some knowledge about this issue, as well) in the "Produktsicherheitsgesetz" (Product Safety Act). You can find a translation here: http://www.bmas.de/SharedDocs/Downloads/DE/PDF-Meldungen/pro... 3. The law enables quite a few ministers to issue regulations that deal with specific things (in my example: the Ninth Regulation deals with machinery safety). Those regulations usually refer back to the EU Directive, incorporating it partly. For example, in the Ninth you can see ( http://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/gsgv_9/__3.html ) that some requirements are basically just worded as "must meet requirements A, B and C from 2006/42/EG" or "must provide documentation as per Annex I of 2006/42/EG)". 4. Law and Regulations must be obeyed. Not some "EU law". This law. And only this law. The key insight is: how you fulfill the requirements is up to you. Also, the burden of proof that you fulfilled those requirements is yours. 5. Because those requirements are rather vague and abstract, and this burden of proof is not easily met, the law provides for some "convenience avenue" (well, and because that's the idea behind the EU's "New Approach"): You may demonstrate that you meet the requirements of certain applicable standards. If you do this (and you still have the burden of proof here!), you are automatically assumed to be in compliance with the law and the regulations. That's the so-called assumption of conformity. 6. That's where your linked table comes in: those are standards that are "harmonized under the Directive". If you find a standard that's (partly) applicable (you may not use a nuclear reactor standard to claim conformance of your children's toys...) on that list, you may shift your burden of proof from the law and the regulations to the standard (as far as it's applicable). 7. So far it doesn't sound very exciting. You just swapped one set of requirements where you bear the burden of proof with another set of requirements where you also bear the burden of proof. The thing is, those standards are tailored to your field, so they are much more practical and manageable. And the real kicker is this: you can get certification by TÜV, BG and other "notified bodies" provided for by EU law, that you met the requirements of the standard. You probably won't get TÜV or BG to certify that you met the requirements of the law itself. 8. Okay, but isn't that "incorporation"? No, it's not. Not legally. And not practically. First, remember: you have to follow the German law. Not some Directive. The latter isn't directly binding to anyone, except the national states insofar, as they are required to implemented it. The decision which standards are "harmonized" and thus invoke this assumption of conformity lies with EU organs, not national organs. So there is a real division of authority there. And, most important: you're always free to disregard any and all harmonized standards. If you feel good about meeting the requirements of the national law and regulations without the help of harmonized standards (and in some fields you mostly have to do that anyway, because no really applicable harmonized standards exist), you're free to do so. Emphatically no. First, the Directive itself is not the issue here, the harmonized standards are. Please don't mix it up. Nobody would sue for copying the text of the Directive. And second, it's really, really important to understand that only the national law must be followed and that it is not identical to the Directive. I know it sounds like nitpicking, but this difference is important. Not in the day-to-day development work (because you use Directive and standards as references, but mostly your company-internal process). But as soon as you're dicussing legal matters, it's important. [edited: fixed typo] Ask those who work in fields that don't have a harmonized standard at their disposal. Doesn't change your argument (I think), but please note that the standards in question are neither "US" nor "EU". They are International Standards (ISO, IEC) that just get reprinted (and translated) with different front matter by ANSI, DIN, BS and whatnot. The law references the standard(s), but only as optional. See the link to the English translation of the Product Safety Act that I posted in another comment. Article 4 is relevant. It's not exactly a monopoly You can buy it from ANSI or BSI, as well. If you don't insist on the German language version (even then, the Austrians probably have another version). Remember those C and C++ PDF standards, that ANSI sold for $18, later $30, despite the competition selling for two hundred or whatever? But sure, it's not a really competitive market. Many of those "problems" really don't seem to exist in Germany. I guess part of it stems from the common law system, but I'm not sure. That happens when you publicly shame and demonize your core contributors. Joyent has royally fucked up there, and if I was buying services from them, I'd have stopped now. They didn't have to like his opinions, but this could have been handled much more amicably (maybe some "agree to disagree" and "we overrule you on this specific issue, no hard feelings"). Instead they chose the nuclear option, not only publicly blogging about how wrong they think Ben was, but actually fantasizing about firing him. This is what happens when you're flat-out denying the Holocaust here in Germany. But for standing on the "wrong side" of how to handle gernder pronouns? Please... Why should he? He actually recommends to write passwords down on paper. And for most attack scenarios for the private user, "a logbook on the desk next to the computer" isn't a big difference to "little bits of paper in the wallet". I always have to remember myself that it's Gauck now. Pity that Köhler resigned. He was a good guy, but no real politician. All in all we've been lucky with our presidents. Von Weizsäcker, Rau, Herzog, all of them good people. I'm still not sure about Gauck, he seems very secluded and withdrawn to me. German Usenet was and still is (in)famous for demanding real names. In the late nineties and early 00s there ware huge wars between those who campaigned for pseudonyms (usually labelled "net terrorists", although honestly most of them really were trolls) and those who insisted on real names (labelled as "Blockwart": https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blockleiter ). Of course it's immaterial now. Most of the "net terrorists" left, many of the "blockwarts" mellowed, and in the end Usenet is dead and both sides tolerate much more than they used to, just happy to see a few more postings. Meeting a sysadmin of your mail provider at some real-life net gathering, wearing the "I read your mail" shirt really was a bit unsettling... I'm sorry, but this meme is flat-out wrong. /dev/urandom gives the exact same quality randomness as /dev/random (let's ignore the issue of boot-time and VM cloning for now). There is a slight twist to it, where for information-theoretically secure algorithms /dev/random would be preferable, but you don't need that. Because you don't use those algorithms (the only one really worth mentioning is Shamir's secret sharing scheme). I'm just amazed how people don't trust the cryptographic building blocks inside a modern CSPRNG, but then use the very same building blocks to use the randomness and encrypt their secrets. Good points. First, I'm not saying that cryptographic randomness can be created out of thin air, without entropy, I just argue that you don't need n bits of real entropy to get n bits of high-quality randomness. I mean if you really needed 4096 bits of random seed to generate 4096 bits on randomness, why not just take the 4096 bits you waste on the seed as randomness? Of course you need a random seed. That's what i was alluding to with the boot-time or VM remark. But you're not really interested in lots and lots of potential output sequences, one of them is enough. Remember, the first requirement of a block cipher is that it is indistinguishable (to a computational polynomial bound) from a random distribution. The real counter-argument is the state attack. And that's mitigated by a modern RNG's design. Fortuna, for example, constantly mixes incoming entropy into outputs that occur far in the future (technically, it reseeds every now and then, but without estimating entropy). This does not protect you from a total state compromise, a computer is deterministic, after all, but it's quite hard to argue with a straight face that such a total compromise matters, because everything you might want to use the randomness for would most certainly be quite as compromised, as well. So why take that (probably insignificant) risk? Because the alternative is worse. If you want to have Linux's current /dev/random behavior, you have two things: First, it blocks when there's not enough entropy in the pool. That's bad. Just google for "sshd hangs". Either your system doesn't work anymore, or people find creative ways to subterfuge all the crypto stuff to make it work again. Just for the far-fetched fear about this total state compromise? Second, how much entropy do you have? Lots and lots has been written about it, but despite all this technobabble ("'entropy', there must be hard physics behind it"), estimating entropy is not really an exact science. More guesswork. So you never know how much entropy you really have. That's why Fortuna got rid of all that estimating that its predecessor Yarrow still did. Yeah, I see it the same way. but at least you can put forward a highly theoretic argument there that just doesn't work with all the crypto algorithms we actually use. Especially since: what are you doing with ssss? Usually splitting a private key to a non-information-theoretically secure block cipher, I guess. So you're back to square one. I phrased that part poorly. I think you're right. I probably channeled him inadvertently. I've collected lots of links to articles and man pages and so on about the issue, because I have been planning to write a coherent article about urandom vs. random. And I'm pretty sure I remember what posting you mean. Unfortunately, writing this article gets postponed again and again, just as finishing and sending in the second set of your crypto challenges... maybe before Christmas I'm going to find a few hours to do that. No, the court did not rule anything (although it probably will). The Advocate General at the court entered his plea, which the court usually follows. If you accept the premise of an efficient market (as most index investors probably do), then Fidelity's argument is bullshit. They say index funds have to follow the index, and -- in this concrete example -- buy Facebook, because it's going to be included in the S&P500. That's true. Unfortunately S&P management did not whisper this little piece of insider's information into Fidelity's ear. It's public knowledge. And so other actors besides index funds have already tried to exploit that nugget of information. Just as Fidelity is doing. So it's already been priced in. The hypothesis of an efficient market does not assume that all actors in the market are actively exploiting every bit of information, just enough of them to move prices to their "fair" points. If you don't accept the premise of an efficient market, then index funds don't interest you much and you have other strategies to follow. The worst I have seen was at a former employer. We had two people with the name "John Doe", and the mail scheme at the company resulted in john.doe@company.invalid. The second one got... john.doe1@company.invalid People have names. I find that digit in the mail address that clearly consists of a name deeply degrading. There are other ways to solve collisions: j.doe@, j_doe@, maybew one of those has a second given name, whatever. I think it's important to regularly point these issues out, because even though many of "us" intellectually know about them, it's still hard to emotionally grasp for "us", how ID cards could be a slippery slope, why freedom of speech should trump everything else, no matter what, or why home schooling should be allowed at all. Cultures differ wildly, and it's hard to really accept that the other guy might have a valid point of view. You usually register at the town's "citizen's office", where you can also pay for your garbage disposal, get parking passes, apply for your driver's license, have the lost+found, and so on. Registering at the police station is something from the sixties or seventies, I think. "Police" back then had a lot more duties that are now located in other administrative offices. But "police" is a complicated term in Germany, anyway. Legally it's not just "the guys who chase criminals". Elsewhere it's even stranger: To me "Polizei" sounds like a friendly civilian force for order, while "Miliz" sounds paramilitary and dangerous. To Russians it seems to be different. But that whole argument depends on the status quo in the US: many poor don't have ID cards already. If you shift your view to the situation in other countries, it's easily answered: (almost) everyone has an ID card, so it cannot be used to disenfranchise minorities. Issue ID cards to everyone and your problem should go away. No, I'm pretty certain I won't see such a change, and since I'm not American, nor do I live in America, my interest in that is very limited. And again the old meme that /dev/urandom is bad... How do they recognize you as an alien? At the border, sure, but inside the country? Yes, it seems normal to me, unless it happens regularly. I am now 32 years old. I have been in a police stop when driving my car only twice (and one of those was a mistake, I thought they wanted me to stop, but they actually meant another car). I have never been controlled or ID checked by the police in any way when not travelling by car. Exceptions are border controls, of course. And private entities wishing to check my age: discos, liquor stores and so on. On another note: I'm really tired about all this attitude we get from Americans regarding Nazi symbols and free speech. Maybe take a minute to contemplate why we have those laws? "Because of Holocaust" is correct, but not what I'm getting at. We have those, because Americans (together with the other Allied Powers) forced us to after the war. Unfortunately Americans have this tendency to think that their system is the very best and can't imagine why anyone could or should have another system, despite the fact that everywhere they were involved in nation-building they actively promoted other systems. My thinking was: how do they single you out? But I guess it was speaking English without an awful accent. :-) Treaty on the Final Settlement with Respect to Germany ( http://usa.usembassy.de/etexts/2plusfour8994e.htm ): "Welcoming the fact that the German people, freely exercising their right of self-determination, have expressed their will to bring about the unity of Germany as a state so that they will be able to serve the peace of the world as an equal and sovereign partner in a united Europe;" "(1) The French Republic, the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the United States of America hereby terminate their rights and responsibilities relating to Berlin and to Germany as a whole. As a result, the corresponding, related quadripartite agreements, decisions and practices are terminated and all related Four Power institutions are dissolved." "(2) The United Germany shall have accordingly full sovereignty over its internal and external affairs." Sorry to insert fact... That's exactly the wrong advice. You should always use /dev/urandom on Linux for cryptographic use, unless you know exactly why you need /dev/random. Hint: you don't. (On FreeBSD it doesn't matter because it's all the same) I've been meaning to write up a coherent summary of that issue with all kinds of sources forever now, and I should really get around to just doing it, because this comes up every few weeks on HN. In safety-related system you usually don't try to correct bit flips (at least in my niche), but you've got lots and lots of mechanisms ensuring that bit flips are discovered. Even more, hardware faults like stuck-at bits and so on need to be discovered, as well. The downside is that all those checks are slow . I had downloaded RedPhone and TextSecure. My contact list was a glorious zero people (everyone I know uses WhatsApp). A few months ago I thought about using Threema and the like, but realized nobody's gonna switch with me. So I stayed. Didn't even try to convince anyone. The day after FB bought WA my non-tech, not-concerned-about-NSA friends started to switch to Threema. On their own. Because Facebook. Heck, they were even discussing all that on Facebook, as far as I know... that's irony. So now most people I regularly chat with are on Threema. And while I don't trust them (especially their competence -- although using NaCL is a good start) nearly as much as I trust Moxie, this issue is closed now. Nobody is going to move again without a very good reason. The two people I regularly chat with still on WA can't use Threema, because they are still on Android 2.3. But Threema really needs multi-device IDs. And the ability to change a group's composition. Other than that it's cool. You feel right at home, the emoticons look the same (from the same lib, I guess). And this whole "scan the other guy's public key" is not just a good idea, it's even close to gamification ("only two more people until everyone's green!"). And that's why I don't believe in some meaningful market share for Whispersystems. They are virtually unknown in non-tech circles. They still don't have an iOS app. Yes, I know, there were more important things up to now. Still, the window of opportunity is closing. In three weeks no "normal" person is going to switch messaging service anymore. Everyone either stays at WhatsApp, or has already agreed with their whole circle of friends on another service. Nobody I know has TextSecure installed. Of course I can still send unencrypted text messages. Are you trolling me? Schneier plays enigmatic... but what exactly does he not like about the "xkcd scheme". I mean, it's basically Diceware, isn't it? You are right, 'belorn, that's an important point. This really only comes up in VM settings and some small embedded systems, I think. I have made a mental note to see if I can find a way to make this section a bit more prominent. In which way are those platform guarantees? Honest question, I don't understand where you're getting at. This is basically a response to the widespread conception that /dev/random has some mechanism whereby it generates "true" random numbers, while /dev/urandom only uses some lowly PRNG. The idea that a lot of people get from that is that urandom is not much better than Mersenne twister, while /dev/random is the real thing. And yes, you're right, the argument is precisely "computational security is good enough". By the way, /dev/urandom is also self-healing. Which other advantages of /dev/random might be there, apart from the cold boot case? That's one thing. The other one is that after rewinding you've got the identical internal state of the CSPRNG. So you're possibly reusing the same random numbers (or closely related ones) as before. Of course, after a short while the rewinded VM diverges. It's another flavor of the cold boot case, really. Thanks for laying out your thoughts, but obviously I disagree. Let me rebut two points that kind of irk me: You claim that the Android problem that bit several Bitcoin wallets was due to java.security.SecureRandom using /dev/urandom. That is mistaken, as the blog posting you gave clearly shows: "Developers who use JCA for key generation, signing or random number generation should update their applications to explicitly initialize the PRNG with entropy from /dev/urandom or /dev/random." So, in their opinion, /dev/urandom is fine. Furthermore you claim that I've taken quotes out of context. I was aware that there is the danger of misunderstanding these people's point of view, so I emailed all three of them, right when I put this web page up some days ago, specifically asking them if they felt that I might be misrepresenting them or if they are otherwise unhappy about me using their names. Of those three two replied (both very quickly). Daniel Bernstein replied very shortly with "Seems reasonable.", but noted that he disagrees with the "more entropy cannot hurt" point. That's why I added the little sidebar with a link to his blog posting. Thomas Pornin seems to have taken the time to really read the article, he wrote "That's a fine page. I like it.", noted a mistake in the boot scripts section (that I have fixed) and suggested some additional points to discuss (which I did not put on the page). Off-topic remark: All in all I was really fascinated how easy it is to get in touch with those highly-respected people, and how respectful they treat "us normals". :-) Yes, that's why I gave the example of MT. People really believe that /dev/urandom belongs to that class of RNG. It's an informal way to put it, but yes, it boils down to that. It's almost the definition of a block cipher. See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pseudorandom_permutation I never understood why Mozilla always talked about how great the future was going to be, when Persona would be part of web browsers. But then never implemented it in Firefox, even as a default-off optional feature. It looked very half-hearted, and that was a really bad signal to the world. Yes, without any Javascript, real native chrome. It's hard to please everyone. http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/1zt76a/myths_about_de... Thanks! No, I wrote specifically in the beginning that I'm talking about Linux. No. /dev/random does not deliver "new entropy", it delivers the very same cryptographically good pseudorandom stream. Look at the sketches in the article. Totally unlike the books you named, but the best "intelligent investment" advice is probably in Bogle's "Common Sense on Mutual Funds" and similar books. I know I haven't submitted in forever (and may have been removed of the set of active participants), but I got your New Year's bankruptcy mail, but never the "bonus set". Is that still part of the backlog? I'd be more interested in the safety of those electromechanical components. Have you developed them under any applicable safety standards? Otherwise I'd prefer to stay a purely organic organism. 0.9, I guess. At some point (shortly after the 0.9 release?) one of the first examples stopped working with a then-current git build, so I stopped reading it and concentrated on the official tutorial more. Again Crypto I with no Crypto II in sight... :-( That's false. Only the "law is invalid" part carries the force of law. The second part is just obiter dictum. Look at http://www.bverfg.de/entscheidungen/rs20100302_1bvr025608.ht... The four bold points after "Urteil" and before "Gründe" are the legal holding. The rest is just explaining the holding. Not even the "Leitsätze" on top are binding in any way. But with those, at least, you can argue that the court indicated pretty clearly that it considers those sentences important, making speculation about future verdicts at least a little bit fruitful. Isn't that a bit like Opportunistic Encryption (which I happen to consider a neat idea)? Or do I misunderstand that? I'm asking, because I dimly remember you not being a fan of OE -- have I confused you with someone else there? Yeah, that's what I meant (and couldn't properly articulate). So the difference is the reporting mechanism, that allows a powerful organisation to make meaningful threats to protect others? Because in [Garfinkel 2003] it's similar: returning users get a big, fat warning, but they can't meaningfully do anything about it on their own, except not trust the other side. ( http://simson.net/clips/academic/2003.DGO.GarfinkelCrypto.pd... ) Yes, I think so. I find that fascinating, because people usually assume that (a) natural language must be context-sensitive, because of ambiguities and all those misunderstandings in real world, where they forget that those aren't syntactic, but semantic or pragmatic issues, and (b) natural language must be at least context-sensitive, probably more, because look at how restricting context-freeness is (e.g. when it comes to programming languages). It isn't compromised. You yourself handed out your private key to others who may act on your behalf. Not by mistake, not by Heartbleed, not by some hacking event, but out of your clear will and as part of your policy how to handle the key. In terms of your business transaction with StartSSL, the private key is still only known to "you". Reasonable doubt is the standard for burden of proof in criminal cases, not in civil cases. So in your opinion the one who actually buys and gets the certificate from the StartSSL web site must not share it with the system administrator? Or some second-in-command? IMO, as long as the key is only known to people who the rightful owner explicitly wanted it to possess, it is not compromised. This is just an extreme case of a troll wanting the whole world to have the key. It has nothing to do with Heartbleed! Posting your private key in a gist on the web is not the same as being victim to some hacking because of a OpenSSL bug. How does it compare to OCaml's time-travelling debugger? Is the feature set and the debugging experience basically the same? I would have liked to add a short better description in parentheses, but I guess this is frowned upon, isn't it? Patrick Walton (@pcwalton) for Rust and general Mozilla stuff. Russian with its truly phonetic alphabet is cool. I don't speak a word and felt quite lost in Moscow (Even in Moscow! English doesn't help! It took me twenty minutes to get out of the subway station, I always ended up at some other subway line... after that experience I quickly learned what "entry" and "exit" look like). But! Walking past a Lufthansa ad and just playfully trying to decipher the letters was fun! So I pronounced it, letter after letter, all separate, since I still needed to think about every letter, having just learned the cyrillic alphabet days earlier. Okay. But what could it mean? Let's pronounce it as a word. "Stewardess". I kid you not. I could actually read quite a few things. "McDonalds", "Subway", "Hemingway Bar". I felt like the king of the world. :-) It drives me mad with Swedish. Some of those fricatives... I definitely hear something else than my (Swedish) teacher. I actually put together an MP3 with sounds from Swedish pop songs and told her "look it all sounds like German 'sch', not like 'ch'". She disagreed. There's no question, it is definitely more 'ch'... In the end you both are going to mumble both Russian and English... What about this from the libsodium web site? "NaCl ships with constructions that were just prototypes, and that shouldn’t be used any more." What does "shouldn't be used any more" mean? Certainly not security, or djb would have released an update. Compatibility with other products? Something else? PBKDF2 is an older KDF that is probably a bit less secure (especially in the light of FPGAs), but well-known and standardized. It's perfectly okay. So basically the blog post seems to me to claim this: Ms. Horvath was right with her allegations about a founder and his wife, unbelievable as that wife story sounded at first. She flat-out lied about the engineer who sabotaged her because she wouldn't sleep with him. And she lied about not being contacted or interviewed in the course of the investigation. The truth of all this is undecidable by the public, of course. This drama can go on virtually forever, unless it is settled in court. Maybe it's best to detach oneself emotionally from it. It's impossible to choose sides. I don't want to be rude, and I'm certainly neither a designer nor a real typographer, but IMO this looks awful. First decide on a good page area. The margins are much too small. Regarding whitespace: you need more. Much more. Especially between the two columns. Everything is flowing into each other. Look at "Over 1000 lines" and the next line, for example. You probably need to cut quite some of the information presented. That's okay. I don't understand which criteria underlie the categories' sorting. "Education" and "Coursework" is interrupted by "Links". I think those category headers should stand out more, but the problem may well be too few whitespace. Again. Basically you really have to go looking for information, nothing is really standing out and guiding you to what you'd like to see. Is "%ile" common? It looks a bit gimmicky, but I'm not sure about English microtypographic usage there. But it is probably still way better than most CVs. Yes, and this CV fails at being "easy to read" and "easy to find". Typography is not primarily about "being pretty". It's about supporting the act of reading. Well, typography at least has the claim to being somewhat objective, but as I said: you've probably seen much worse. I don't get the title. The title tells me I don't want XTS. Then the post explains that I don't want FDE, for sundry reasons. Then it tells me, sure, go ahead and use FDE, but be aware of the limitations. At that point it looks like I want XTS, after all. Then it shows how XTS works and where cryptographers are seeing problems. And then... well, there is no "then". The recommendations don't deal with FDE at all. I think the post would be much stronger, if it either had some alternative mode to present or (I'd be more interested in that) it showed other ways to achieve what people usually try to achieve with FDE. And usability is a big one there. Bitlocker is huge. FileVault is huge. People can actually use it. An aside: Has anyone ever seriously used XTS mode for anything but FDE? I've only encountered it in Truecrypt and the part of Boneh's Crypto I where he's talking about FDE. But that doesn't mean much, I admit. Okay, so I seem to have gotten the gist of it. Still, I want XTS. :-) Every developer is a potential crypto designer. Alas, quite a few of them turn out to actually design crypto. Not everyone is reading HN. ;-) Suffice it to say that the author is mistaken when he claims that "The former is pretty much raw entropy, while the latter is the output of a CSPRNG function" /dev/random ist not "pretty much raw entropy", it is the exact same output of the kernel's CSPRNG as /dev/urandom is giving out. See http://www.2uo.de/myths-about-urandom/#structure If you're ever near Sindelfingen (Germany), take a look at the buses at shift changes. More than twenty bus companies are shuttling workers to and from the factory. And it's no big deal. Of course you curse them when you happen to be in traffic right behind several of those, but they evoke no hatred in the populace, but even some kind of pride. But, of course, there's not much jealousy involved when it comes to Daimler. Everyone knows someone working there. And the workers there don't generally carry the stigma of being filthy rich. Google is more elite, I guess. But the problem is certainly not the buses or the traffic per se. Submit interesting stories. That's probably the easiest way. Karma from comments seems harder to me. When you comment, try to add value to the discussion. That often means (but not necessarily, of course) that you shouldn't just write a pithy one-liner, but actually flesh out a train of thought. Of course, I'm very low-karma myself, so I might be mistaken. > How an individual’s reputation is protected online is too important and subtle a policy matter to be legislated by a high court [...] Yeah, right. That's why the "right to be forgotten" wasn't just invented by the court. It was passed by the Council and the Parliament in a European Directive. The court just ruled on how exactly this Directive was applicable to the concrete case. Just like every High Court in about every country does. If you don't like the verdict, that's fine. It opens questions and problems. But don't try to frame it as an activist court trying to legislate on its own. That's exactly how I'm doing it. At the very bottom, just before the backlink to the home page, I have (in a smaller font size) something like "Original publication on March 2nd, 2014, last changed on March 16th, 2014". I don't have anything to hide, so it's there, but I don't see any real value in it for the reader. So I effectively buried it. Sad to hear this. I got into some ugly argument right on the very first try at participating in a discussion on the site, wasn't really impressed by how the mods handled it (although the one I PM'd was actually quite okay), and never really gave it another try. I always felt like I'm really missing out and this was probably all just bad luck and a bad combination of personalities in this specific comment thread, but whenever I went back to the site those memories kind of killed the fun for me and I never commented again. sigh People also say this about the SA forums. I paid for it (and some extras), enjoyed what I read in the archive -- there are some real pearls! -- but I have no idea how I could fit in there. So I'm just a lurker, but I'm still happy I found the site. That feels weird. I only check a book's date when I'm trying to find out which edition I'm holding in my hands. It happens about once or twice times a year that I want to know that (admittedly more often in the last year since I was citing books in an academic setting). Otherwise some imprecise idea about the publication date (Which decade? Possibly even less granular) might be interesting, but it's usually obvious from the layout, typesetting and so on. I've really never wanted to know if a book was printed in 2008 or 2011, just to put the content into context. The encyclopaedia usually has its date prominently displayed on the cover because it's part of the business model: Nudging people into upgrading last year's edition because it's "hopelessly out of date". tom's Hardware is a bit like that: "System Builder Marathon Q4 2013", "System Builder Marathon, Q1 2014" > tutorials for say, a recent version of backbone.js I would hope that backbone.js releases carry version numbers. As a developer I usually know the versions of the tools I'm working with. But I might not know (and often don't) when exactly they were released. I do understand where this no spec movement is coming from, but I have lots of problems with that. First, it's like the big players (and the opinion leaders) are telling the small ones how to behave. I'm reading a bit in a designer's forum, especially the parts about work and jobs, and the situation for "normal designers" is dismal. Everytime I've visited that forum I'm happy I'm working in tech. Really. So most small firms and single person freelancers don't have a choice. They really don't. Of course it's easy for EdenSpiekermann to reject such spec work. They are booked. Others aren't. Second, speaking of Spiekermann, he's strictly on the no spec side. And his old company, FontShop, is as well. If you're reading (German) discussions on the Fontblog, you'll learn that spec workj is disgusting and you're traitor to your fellow designers if you do that. No exceptions! Spec work for a charity that cannot pay a dime anyway is the same. Never! Well... unless Spiekermann is on the jury himself. Like for some design competition somehow affiliated with the United Nations. Then it's all okay, because, hey UN! And this hypocrisy is pervasive. Mathematica or Maple worksheets, maybe? I haven't really used either, but they seem to go a bit in that direction. Although they are strictly sequential, I guess, so maybe not. My experience with bug reports to Knuth were mixed, although number one obviously was most important to me. I got $2.56 for an error in content in one of his books. Actually the very first word in the very first sentence on the very first page (well, Arabic 1) was wrong. At least nobody can claim that he didn't get that far! I got another $0.32 for a bug report which he actually demonstrated to be invalid, though he counted it as some kind of input or improvement. Oh, and he threw in a T-Shirt with the MMIX instruction set! The third bug report was turned down without explanation (I think he actually replied "sorry, but no cigar"). The fourth bug report was also turned down and I even felt a bit insulted: his MMIX book says on the back cover that all programs are in the public domain, even though they all carry copyright notices with restrictions. Knuth accused me quite harshly (IMO) to be some kind of Stallman fan talking nonsense about licenses and did not acknowledge the bug. That's probably the guy he mentioned in another interview: the one who's cashing one cheque every year . I guess he had a bad day or whatever. Or maybe I read too much into what he wrote. This may be a stupid question, but why is there a convention to split? I saw that in set three of the crypto challenge, as well, and wondered. Is it so that you can always start counting at zero when re-starting the application, as long as you're randomly picking a new nonce? And if you just picked a random counter value at each restart you might get very unlucky and at some point reuse a counter value, so by this convention you're separating counter values belonging to different restarts? I love Matthew Butterick's Equity Text and use that together with his Concourse (which I'm slightly less enthused about, but they were designed to fit together). "Last Call". See http://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/help/state/draft-iesg/ Maybe if you personally go bankrupt. If your startup company goes bankrupt, I highly doubt it. Is that real? Is the web page just defaced? Turning on Bitlocker has been on my TODO list for quite some time now, but to me the real value of Truecrypt wasn't full disk encryption, it was having encrypted volumes and mounting them on a as-needed basis. And how do I handle sensitive stuff wrt backups? I could burn a Truecrypt volume to a DVD or Blu-ray. I cannot do this in any way with Bitlocker, can I? Certainly possible, although this from the audit web page doesn't sound like that would be a big problem: "Wed, Oct 24, 2013: We have made contact with the TrueCrypt development team. They have stated a commitment to a thorough, independent security audit and cryptanalysis of the code." I choose to believe Niels Ferguson when he says "Over my dead body.": http://blogs.msdn.com/b/si_team/archive/2006/03/02/542590.as... And the macro language is actually sane! I've read about "experimental partial MathJax support" or something like that in the changelog, but I haven't looked into it, yet. It's actually one of the big questions I'm having, as well. It already exists: world:command-marker How do you think about MathJax vs. pre-rendering formulae to images and using those, with the TeX input as the alt attribute? Oh, and using STIX or whatever as web font. I know that it's straightforward, I'd like to hear about pros and cons I haven't found myself. In university I actually tried to get into Ada, especially since I studied compilers with professor Ploedereder (great guy!) who was working on (and at some point chairing) the standardization in ISO. I loved the story about how the committee was in a seriously fight about whether Sunday or Monday should be the first member of the week enum. It just wasn't my thing, although I deeply admire the language. There has been fantastic new stuff in the 2005 and 2012 versions. Like the Ravenscar profile for embedded and safety-critical systems. And just like the "Young Lispers" did with Lisp, Ada had some sort of renaissance, where a lot of Ada stuff was going into Debian and young Open Source people dreamt of re-writing the Internet. :-) I think it was partly the tool chain that repulsed me. There is really only one compiler in existence if you're a hobbyist: GNAT. Nowadays Adacore are pretty open, having a big Open Source compiler download page and all, but back then, you could get GNAT, as shipped with GCC, or "big GNAT". GNAT, as shipped in GCC, was always at least one version behind, and since Adacore always hired everyone who got familiar with the GCC frontend, it was highly dependent on Adacore. So no "second source" where GCC maintainers could step up if Adacore ever left. The Ada frontend just was a second class citizen. "Big GNAT" was something everyone would have liked to use, but it was expensive . So that was out of the question. Well, I got it, as part of a special University cooperation program, but only after signing that I would only use it for the assigned coursework, that I would never distribute it to anyone etc. pp. Oh, and how did Adacore manage to keep it closed? I mean wasn't the predecessor, on which GNAT was based, GPL'ed? Yes, and "big GNAT" also was. Kind-of. Rumor has it that Adacore basically told all of their customers unofficially "sure, you're legally free to distribute it, it's GPL after all. Just don't be surprised if we don't pick up the phone for a few hours when you need support". As far as I know it never really leaked. For some time I was actively looking for some "big GNAT" archive on the net, but never found one. I'm thinking this might be nice: http://www.graf-von-faber-castell.com/perfect-pencil There is also a cheap plastic version by Faber Castell (not "Graf von"). It's time for a single man who speaks Latin fluently, knows how to cook, is able to talk at least superficially about philosophy and can even shut up every now and then to disrupt the Seattle dating scene! Maybe some VC can fund potential "interesting dates", in exchange for a few percent of the newlywed's house? Without knowing Swedish law, I'm rather certain he cannot. Personal bankruptcy is usually out of the question for debts arising from unlawful behaviour. You cannot evade damages or a penalty imposed by a court just by filing bankruptcy. Imagine a legal system where you could. Preposterous. If I were a three letter agency who illegally threatened some crypto developer with unsavory things, willing to send him to Guantanamo or to outright kill him (as some people on HN obviously can imagine very well)... I'd just shrug my shoulders after this highly conspicuous way of shutting down the project and think "well played, Mr. Developer, no hard feelings". Of course. It's a warrant canary, it's a warrant canary! By now we have all realized that yes, Swift is indead a Turing-complete language and has even got bindings to Apple's own APIs. Since Commander Keen is still sold (on Steam), I'd be very careful with that statement. Great! I can't wait for CentOS. Well, I have to. :-) The "EU court"? What do you mean? The European Commission? > It's like someone saying "Mehh I don't like calculus ... why don't these mathematicians make it just easier? Actually, modern textbooks do exactly that: they try to find pedagogically better ways to teach this stuff. And sometimes newer developments really simplify things. All that apart from the simple fact that mathematics and the user interface and user interaction are not even in the same ballpark. Your comment seems a bit lazy to me. Just not in a way you expected to. Your server is co-located with other customers' servers. No, Mitstörerhaftung is a purely civil concept that does not -- and could never -- extend to criminal law. In Germany the "rich" private schools are almost exclusively business schools. So it's only an option for you, if you're a professor of economics or finance, not if you're a physicist or a philosopher. Well, I think there is one highly esteemed journalism school (not a university, but run by large media companies) and a pretty good law school. (Interestingly enough all those "rich" private business schools here fail after a few years because they run out of money -- not without taking quite a bit of taxpayer's money trying to save them.) Probably because those 3% are homogeneous, while the 9% decompose into lots and lots of categories, all with specific needs, and all much smaller than 9%. So basically you used a service that costs money, you didn't pay any, and now you're peeved that they'd actually like to collect? > They could have dropped any other amount they wanted They probably told you "the usual amount". Are there any grounds for suspicion that they are quoting you some outrageous price? I don't see what could qualify as "shady" here. And btw: from a very possible point of view they might think you didn't forget to read the small print, you deliberately tried to defraud them by acting as if you were non-commercial. They can't look inside your head. On the other hand, a minute may be enough to get the VIP out of the building or whatever place he's in, so that it's hard to know from the outside, where exactly to strike. The TFR buys you that minute, because you know that something's wrong. If it wasn't there, your time window would be zero. Of course, TFR violations seem to happen too often to really always evacuate the VIP whenever someone enters without authorization. It hasn't been the last, oh... four times or so? Also, the Royal Society of Chemistry: http://www.rsc.org/pdf/pressoffice/2003/tea.pdf I suppose there is a prescribed direction of stirring? I really liked the book (review in German: http://www.2uo.de/the-forever-war/ ), but the ending was a bit too unbelievable for me. Being an employee is no nightmare. That said, having been close to a bug payout sucks, but it's basically the same as standing at the roulette table "if I had only bet 28 black" when you missed your number by one. Agonizing over "close, but not quite, good luck" is human, but it leads nowhere. I played one game of Diplomacy by email. In preparation for that I read everything I found about (advanced) strategy, all the possibilities that are open to the different countries and so on. In the end I was probably the only English player who never managed to leave his island... After that I was so terribly frustrated that I never tried another game. They are few and far between, but this is a gem: http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/28js8v/i_am_julian_ass... Yes, DrRacket is the best default choice. When in Stockholm, go visit the Vasa museum. It's absolutely breathtaking. Make sure to get a guided tour. You can read all the stuff on the displays and in books, but you probably won't. So you'd lose all those nice stories about how the German ambassador protested the ship, because the figurines on the front symbolized the Roman emperors, with the Swedish king at the very front. Preposterous! The emperor of the Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation is the rightful successor to the Roman emperors, after all! Pay attention to the fact that the Swedes weren't as stupid as people tend to assume. "Oh, they couldn't even build a ship that's floating!". Yeah well, it was a design no-one had attempted before (bigger, three masts, two rows of cannons), the math to calculate the behaviour wasn't available, yet. And best of all -- contemporary analysis shows that they almost made it. Had the ship been just a little bit wider (I don't know, something like 20 centimeters or so?), it would have been fine. Be amazed how the Swedes never just found a scapegoat to punish for the loss of their flagship. Or just admire the architecture of the museum. Whenever I'm in Stockholm I go there. It's inevitably a high point of my visits. Unfortunately they are so messed up, it isn't even funny. Honestly, my experiences with CAcert were awful. Pressuring people into signing legal contracts that are just laughably unfair was just one part of it. They may have been a likable organisation at the begininng (maybe with a penchant for over-the-top policy), but when they realized they wouldn't get into major browsers by default, they tried to get "serious", changing too much too fast and wrecking the whole thing. Without the big result they were hoping for. Me as well. The really big argument for me was: laypeople just expect the "www". Losing it means having to repeat and explain things. It's just not worth it. I have had people ask where the "www" went and what that means. The technical "solution" is only half the story. You break people's expectations, you get questions. Has anyone figured out yet which parts of a human can be compressed in a lossy way without anyone (especially yourself) noticing? I've recently defined and implemented a new backup scheme for my personal stuff, and ssss plays a role in it: Aside from my regular backups on Blu-ray (unencrypted), I've got two hard disks that hold the same data (and will be updated infrequently, once a year at most). This is my disaster fallback: house burning down, me awakening from a coma without remembering any passwords or whatever. Those hard disks are stored in the houses of two friends. And they are encrypted (BTW, that's not only for my peace of mind, but also for theirs: I wouldn't be comfortable holding personal information of my friends unencrypted). The password to the encryption is split into n parts, such that very close family and friends get more parts and more remote friends get fewer parts. But noone can recover it without cooperation of at least one other. Printed onto a sheet of paper, together with a clear description (including actual command line invocations) how those shares were generated and how they can be combined). Distributed to a lot of friends. That description is important and must be abundantly clear. Not necessarily to your grandma, but if she shows it to someone who knows at least a bit about computers, he must be able to make sense of it. At least they would need to seize from several people. And apart from that they can just seize my unencrypted home backup. Unencrypted, because I want to be able to restore the rest if a bit flips in some file. And my PAR3 tests were really unconvincing. It's a really neat idea, though I'm not a big fan of having it as a browser extension. Two observations: 1. Password strength is really, really important now, since it is deterministically transformed into your key pair. It's not like the passphrase for a GnuPG key where you'd have to steal the private key in the first place, in order to do something evil with the recovered weak passphrase. 2. There's another big caveat re: password. In most systems that we know it doesn't matter if you have a non-unique password, as long as it's not guessable. In this scheme your identity will be merged with everyone else who has thought of the same password. No, I meant having unreadable parts. Sorry, I'm thinking too much about flipping bits and soft errors at work... I cannot recommend the film "The Lives of Others" too highly. Go watch it. I'm certain that Swedish law does not use the term "rape", but some Swedish word. That may or may not have a slightly different meaning, or different connotations. Cool. I've never heard of them, but they are just a few kilometers away from me. Since cooking and foodstuff seems to be right on topic here at HN, can someone give me a short overview what the differences (practically drinking) between Darjeeling and Assam are? Beside the obvious geographical difference, of course. Thank you! Sure, you're the best in the world. Nobody else has any kind of Freedom of Information Act. And nobody else but freedom-loving Americans would ever dare to direct such a request towards his own intelligence service. Wait, three seconds of googling resulted in https://fragdenstaat.de/files/foi/2812/antwort.pdf And in Sweden, "Offentlighetsprincipen" is not only much older than the America FOIA (let's say... ten years older than your Declaration of Independence!), but even part of the country's constitution. I think passing around real objects instead of character strings is cool. It's less brittle, and you don't have to have an ad-hoc and flawed parser at every step. Let's just say that the attitude of IEC 61508 towards software development in general and programming languages in particular is not very spirit-lifting. At least us software guys have an advantage: the hardware guys will always have to live with failure rates. But the standard happily declares software to be bug-free, as long as you do the required testing and stuff. ;-) We do have SIGINT capabilities. I did my compulsary military service in one of those installations. Although what I experienced there was... laughable. That's the big guessing game everyone is playing here: is our intelligence community really as clueless and incapable as we Germans tend to assume? Or is that just a masterful deceit? The "main" development site for HTML5 is the WHATWG. That's where all the browser implementors convened when they lost faith in the W3C. The WHATWG doesn't bother with versions, there will be no HTML6, for example. They just continually update the HTML5 spec. It's a living spec. The W3C kind of tracks the WHATWG progress and tags certain points with version numbers (that's where the "5.1" comes from). Although they do some development on their own, and sometimes both sides disagree and the specs diverge. At some point WHATWG removed an element that W3C retained or the other way around. I have no idea if they still diverge. I just discard the W3C when it comes to HTML5 and follow WHATWG. Well, practically speaking, I follow what the Mozilla Development Network documents. :-) No, the girlfriend and family say it was suicide. I suppose in the American context with high costs of attending law school it's not very attractive. But I'd like to argue for going to law school in other countries where you don't incur massive debt: Engineers not only don't understand law at all, they actively avoid getting clued in. The sheer stupidness in knowing on the one hand that societal processes cannot work like a dumb flowchart, and on the other hand still arguing for stupid flowcharts and simple decisions in every societal context is mind-blowing. That is pretty much all of us. If you can get a solid foundation in law, you are on your best way to carve out a very rewarding niche, both financially and personally. Remember what 'tptacek always says: you're not making money knowing a tool. You're making money knowing a client's context and needs. The text on hilapeleg.io is nearly unreadable on Windows 7 with Firefox 30. The font is rendered strange, way too thin and uneven with gaps in the strokes. The link color is just as washed out as the very light grey of the body text. Maybe they could design their own site properly before re-designing HN? This article is an incredible string of bullshit. While there are aspects that are interesting and would have deserved some deeper treatment than just a throwaway sentence or two, most of the "arguments" are not even tenuous, but very transparent distractions. I think that's right, but in another way Wikipedia does keep the plebes out: When you defend a reverted change on the talk page all too often you get something along the lines "I don't care about this discussion, it was an IP anyway. Stay away!". Wikipedians often see "IPs" as vandals and don't even pretend to judge on the merits. Together with some "ownership" feeling that many Wikipedia users have regarding "their" pages, it makes for a very unproductive and frustrating experience for a casual would-be supporter. Unless you're willing to really commit to Wikipedia, learn all the jargon and be a part of the power games, Wikipedia is effectively read-only. As an "IP" you're mostly restricted to fixing typos. That's perfectly fine, but a stark contrast to how the project is painting itself. I'm a big fan of long, definitive plain text documents. Peter Gutmann's X.509 styleguide is another prime example. So much valuable information without any mental capacity wasted on bullshit like getting your collapsing margins to work like you expected them to work, and all this other web stuff. Right, this simple model is vulnerable. They are actually having a conversation in the comments about this. I just liked the way of explaining it to laypeople. Leaving all mathematics behind, taking a model that everyone understands (and yes, some commentators are missing the point, discussing how it is possible to un-mix colors). Sure. I hadn't come across this kind of explanation and didn't think of checking Wikipedia. I thought it was an original idea by the author. Do they keep the leadership? I'd love to see fresh blood there. Recently I was googling for NGLY1 references on German language web sites and found some very short thread in a child healthcare forum (or something similar) where some parent described their child, some other guy said it sounded a bit like your case and linked to your site, and the OP replied that it sounded similar indeed and they'd be in touch. I don't know if that was really one of the cases, but your web site sure has impact. Strang's book is superb. I'm switching back and forth between his videos and book. And I prefer the latter for content and using my hours efficiently. I prefer the videos for his laid-back style of delivering the lecture. Please, if you'd be interested in a math font by MB (and be willing to pay for it, of course), tell him! Maybe we can be a niche market. :-) Because the complexity of the game, emerging from such simple rules, is just stunning. Because you can make new friends, on- and offline. Because the handicap system ensures a fair and exciting game, even between players of wildly differing strength. Because lots of the Go problems you can find in books (or online) are much more fun than Sudoku. Because the social expectation that the opponents talk about and even partly replay the game and variations thereof (where the stronger player teaches the weaker player, but still learns a lot himself) is really, really great. Are ther other communities where this is widespread? I can tell you what's wrong with 35,798: it's less than fifty, even if you don't parse it that way. But as b6 said, some languages support grouping of digits, but they use another symbol, usually _. Ada would be an example. I don't know which Germany you're looking at, but there is significant anti-Putin sentiment and, correspondingly, newspaper stories and commentary calling for harsh measures against Russia. But it is somewhat tempered by the significant anti-American sentiment that we've been experiencing for a bit now. I never thought I'd see this, but it's much, much worse than when Rumsfeld talked about "old Europe" (although that was probably overblown in the European press, I don't think Americans ever understood how damaging that was). Luckily every few years one of the big TV stations is producing another emotional, uplifting "good American" film like http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Die_Luftbr%C3%BCcke_%E2%80%93_N... and in those times you still feel how close we are to the U.S. They are a rather big and rabid group on Germany. Another argument by them: sure, having your skull split open when falling and hitting the head on the pavement is bad, but it's really bad when you're falling and instead of a clean hit, your neck is subjected to particularly strong rotational forces due to the helmet enlarging your head, thus moving the point of impact outwards. They are a nasty bunch. I did: having your skull cracked open and your brain distributed on the pavement is certainly worse than having some strain put on your neck. Both can be lethal. The former is very much so, the latter usually not. No-helmet crowd claims the severity is the the other way around. It probably bugs me the way it does, because this "signal" has nothing to do with the contents or the usability of the web site (unlike speed, validity of HTML or, well, content itself), but is purely a "we just think you should do X" situation. After some interaction (including assuring people), my impression of CAcert is much more negative than my impression with any of those big bad CAs everyone likes to complain about. They are so far off this side of "sane" it's really not funny. I've been using Bing (and IE) for a few months now, after years of Google and Firefox. I'd guess about half of my searches go like this: * type into URL bar * get Bing result * after a quick glance: decide that result is useless * copy/paste into Google I'd love to use Bing almost exclusively (especially since I'm really happy with my Lumia 630), but it is really frustrating sometimes. > Only then will one have made a case for free will. That's why it's generally considered to be an open question. You, on the other hand, haven't nearly made a case against free will, but still act as if you had definitive proof. This is not a situation where the free will advocates have to prove it to you, and unless they can, you win. Why would we stop judging? > We should stop judging. If there is no free will and we still judge, we cannot not judge! You should try and get implication and conclusion sorted out. I think you slipped in a negation somewhere. If there is no free will and I stop judging, then yes, obviously we can stop judging. But if there is no free will and after your explanation I still judge, then no, we cannot. I think it's great that you're here and perfectly okay to mention your degree (in your profile). However, even if you feel you've been unfairly treated, your own words won't garner you many friends. If your goal is to counter "antifluoridationists posting blatant misinformation", then you're totally ineffective, possibly even helping them out by making your side look bad. I'd suggest to conform to the rules (yeah, "guidelines") here at first and find out if it's really so bad. Or as someone I highly value once said on Usenet: if you want to transcend something, you've got to show that you're really understanding it, in order to transcend it in a meaningful way. Otherwise people will assume ignorance instead of transcendence. The serifs remind me a lot of Calluna by Jos Buivenga. They even use the same kind of drawings to defend this choice. Your message is plain stupid. In dfact, I'm for fluoridation of tap water, even though it's not legally allowed in Germany as of now. You're putting up a strawman. At least you've rectified my perception of you. I take my "condescending" welcome to HN back. Now your collection of business cards is susceptible to tampering (no cryptographic authentication!). Do you never leave your collected business cards unattended at a conference or trade fair? Possible, if you put them into your shirt pocket. Do you store them in a vault lomg-term? Probably not. Is it impossible to impersonate you, either with a human sound-alike or by voice generation software? If you want perfect security against everyone, it quickly spirals out of control. You should probably remove the wallpapers in your house regularly and inspect what's underneath. ;-) I'm not entirely serious here, but I'm surprised at the optimism about what the individual can possibly achieve. You are missing both the "or" in his sentence (i.e. he describes alternatives, not cumulative measures) and my retort to the verification by phone. No version is illegal in Germany. You may buy it, you may own it, you may read it, you may sell it. It is not banned in Germany, though there obviously exists a stromg social stigma if you chose to display it in your living room. The legal situation is this: The free state of Bavaria has inherited Hitler's assets. Including the copyright to My Kampf. Bavaria does not allow any reprints, unless for scientific purposes with commentary alongside the text. Obviously publishers abroad don't always care about that. (Interestingly, publication in the US and England is actually legal, since the rights to publish in English were sold long before Hitler's death). Other than that copyright issue there is no legal mechanism in place to ban Mein Kampf. People have been buying, bequeathing and selling unannotated versions (of which there are many around, the Third Reich isn't some fantastically distant past, after all!) without problems. The question that has been popping up in political circles every now and then and that has reached some urgency now is how to proceed. Because Hitler died in 1945, his copyright ends on January 1st, 2016. There are people calling for special legislative action, but I doubt it's coming. Aren't submissions folded to the last one, if the URL is the same? I could swear I have seen that even when the prior submission was a few years old. Does the algorithm to decide that take comment activity into account? In the case of Bitlocker we know that Niels Ferguson is behind it. The name might ring a bell. http://blogs.msdn.com/b/si_team/archive/2006/03/02/542590.as... Is that absolute proof? No. Is it better than some unknown guy claiming whatever? I think yes. YMMV. See also http://xkcd.com/1392/large/ How gracious! You might have missed that the venue of a trial is usually pre-determined, certainly not chosen at the whim of the defendant. Because European law says so. Read the New Statesman article linked somewhere in this thread. You'll find that most of what people on the Internet say about the legal issues is factually wrong. You're wrong. "Questioning" is an awkward translation and does not mean what you think it means. It has been debated to death in all those Assange threads. Please read the article in New Statesman that another poster helpfully linked to somewhere in this thread. I think she'd be stupid to go there. But the difference is: no one in their right mind expected Italy to let Ms. Knox leave for the United States when she was in custody. Only when she was acquitted, the arrest warrant was lifted, and according to Italian law she was free to go, was she able to leave. He is in the UK and is wanted for arrest in the UK. What's difficult to understand? No, he isn't. Can the old urban legend about exteritoriality please already die? The difference is that noone forces Ms. Knox to Italy, because the USA don't extraditre their citizens, I guess. Assange isn't in Australia. He's in the UK, and the UK forces him to Sweden. If you don't see the difference, then there's nothing more I can do or say. But most people are not interested in the source code, they'd like to get a binary. Seems to work for XChat: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XChat#Shareware_controversy The author's only real point is about "progress from left to the right". But unlike in his "Next" example, "OK" does not imply any progressive series of dialog boxes. It just confirms an action. That derails his train of thought completely. As an aside, there's most probably nothing inherent in progressing from left to right, it's just an artifact of Western scripts. Why do Hebrews or Arabs also play the same piano? To be in touch with the rest of the piano-playing world, they just got used to it. And that's the main argument for "OK left": Since most UIs have used that order for a long, long time, it is (arguably) "right". At least I'm very disturbed every time a UI amateur imposes his pet order "Cancel/OK" on me. And brake and accelerate pedals in the car? Also has nothing to do with "progress on the right". Simple explanation: You do the major tasks with your stronger foot, which is for most people the right foot. The left is only occasionally used when changing gear. The right foot sits comfortably on the right side, so that's where accelerate is, because you're using that most. Brake is only used intermittently, so it is located in the second-most convenient place for the right foot. Please... see http://practicaltypography.com/justified-text.html for the author's opinion. Personally I believe that Matthew is wrong there. There's no justification for justification. :-) I guess, military personnel (that astronauts so far have basically been) are less skittish in that regard than civilians. Especially since it is understood that space travel is dangerous, while air travel is regarded as safe. Because you need to come up with a design for the cursive variant and then draw all those glyphs. So the time needed is probably shorter than the time spent on the regular variant, but only by a small factor, certainly not orders of magnitude. I sometimes ask new parents if they'll choose English or C as the first foreign language. So far nobody has opted for C. Fortunately I only ask people who understand that it's a joke. Don't forget genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes (perhaps surprisingly, you can commit genocide without killing a single person). Easily overlooked because it's not in the Strafgesetzbuch (Penal Code) anymore. Probably the only felonies that carry a life sentence that are not found in the Strafgesetzbuch. > What does Dylan do? I'm totally unfair here, because I really don't know much about Dylan, but my view maybe explains a bit why Dylan does not even "win" with people like me, who really like those strange languages like Lisp or ML. To me, Dylan was never about creating something new and great. It was taking Common Lisp and "fixing" its syntax. Unfortunately, I can't stand Lisp without prefix notation and lots of parentheses. And people who hate prefix notation and lots of parentheses aren't interested too much in Common Lisp. The resulting set of people interested in Dylan was... well, I've heard of Bruce. Andreas Bogk was doing some heavy advocacy in Germany, to the point where people just didn't want to listen anymore. Let's say about ten people in the world cared. And I just don't see how that set could grow by orders of magnitude. I guess that's one part of "the Silicon Valley" that I don't want to catch up with. You've understood it! We Germans want this "market" to be illegal. Just like erecting skyscrapers that cannot withstand a summer breeze or storing nuclear waste on a city landfill. If Americans want to do it differently, be my guest. Yes, you're more focused on individual freedom than the rest of the world. Fine with me. But maybe you could try to understand that Germans are very safety-oriented. And maybe you could just accept that instead of telling us that we're not doing things like America and therefore we're wrong. How do you cope with getting injured by a driver who cannot pay for your medical treatment? I'd be very surprised if there was not some mechanism in place. Maybe taypayer money, the state paying for it and trying to get reimbursed by the driver? Something else? In Germany we handle this issue with mandatory insurance. I'm pretty sure that you're comparing apples and oranges. My main argument is insurance. It doesn't matter whether Uber rides are more dangerous or not. If something happens, the victim is left in the rain when it was an Uber ride. "Private ride-sharing" is insured. "Uber ride-sharing" isn't. And that's not because of old laws or lobbyism. That's because of all the standard insurance contracts that state clearly that they don't cover businesses, only private driving. > Yes, some of those who are commenting here would, I > think, martyr themselves in such situations, but I doubt > if the majority would. This. I thought about it yesterday, and I believe the most important difference between people living "in the situation" and commentators today is this: we know the Nazis lost the war big time. 1. I truly believe that quite a few people would try to act if they knew the war was coming to an end, their action would be seen as heroic, and therefore they either live as heroes or at least be remembered as such. Conversely, it's not tempting to act if you're going to be vilified when the Nazis win and rule the world. 2. Wasn't it clear by 1944 (or whenever) that the Nazis would lose? In a way yes, but if you want to argue that, think about Syria. A year ago it was clear that Assad was finished, he would certainly lose his power and quite possibly his life. Today he's not only in power (over a smaller Syria), but some in the West are actually wondering if we shouldn't include him in a coalition against IS. Now that he gave up his chemical weapons, we're clearly fine with whatever he's doing. Probably best known for McCLIM, the free implementation of the Common Lisp Interface Manager. Re: open source Lisp, I guess other venues than comp.lang.lisp have taken a lot of the mindshare (the demise of Usenet). cll was rabidly against OSS, e.g. Pitman's pure hatred for it was practically Gospel there. A few years ago some younger Lispers emerged, for who OSS was natural, just like with the short Ada renaissance. At least the "young Lispers" are still there, unlike their Ada counterparts, even if they haven't taken over the world. What's so bad about hygienic macros? In German it's "mehlig", and it's exactly the adjective to "Mehl" (flour). But I wouldn't call it a taste, it's texture: "how it feels in the mouth". Although this state goes hand in hand with a stale taste. It applies to every web site that targets Germans. They are not required to do real support. But since they openly state that the email address is not monitored, they do not fulfil the requirements of the law. It's perfectly fine never to respond to any email sent there. They just have to accept that mails sent there can have legal effects. The problem is basically that by telling everyone "I don't read it" they are suggesting to others that they cannot successfully (in a legal sense) contact Google using that email address. And that's wrong. Nobody demands that even a single mail must be replied to. Do the people who make such outraged, generalised and sweeping statements online think of the consequences, i.e. that they look foolish? I'm not 100% sure, but I think that Article 22 of "DIRECTIVE 2006/123/EC OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND OF THE COUNCIL" ensures that the requirements are by and large similar in all EU member states. Page 11 of the ruling: "Es kann auch hiernach nicht Aufgabe des TMG sein, eine Antwort oder eine bestimmte Qualität der Antwort zu erzwingen. Es genügt die abstrakte Möglichkeit, dass Kommunikation aufgenommen wird, eine Reaktion erfolgt. Auch ein Nichtantworten kann eine Reaktion sein. Wenn aber Nichtantworten Prinzip ist, kann nicht mehr von Kommunikation die Rede sein." translated by me: "Hereafter it cannot be the function of the TMG to force a reply or a certain quality of the reply. The abstract possibility that communication is started, a reaction happens, suffices. A nonreply can be a reaction, as well. But if not replying is the principle, one cannot speak of communication anymore." That's correct, that's my interpretation of the law. But it's a minor point in the grounds, it's dicta at best. Do the solution links work for you? I've never seen a link that doesn't return "Not Found". Court believes that the decision was materially correct, but oral arguments have convinced it that the supposed urgency isn't there. Case to continue in regular court proceedings. But the book claims to "cover all major improvements between Versions 5 and 11". :-) This is basically "I disagree with him, and wish he'd tone down his opinion piece. His lack of hedging words makes his article too powerful, and I wish I had the same effect on my audience". That's neither insightful, nor contributing anything to the Apple Watch debate itself. It's just meta-attacking. Aside: "You should read back your articles before publishing them, Mr. Gruber" certainly applies to the author, as well. I know he's not a native speaker, but a quick spelling check is easily done by software. 99% seems too high. On the other hand, outright acquittals are very low in Germany, as well (as they should be). Outright convictions for everything the prosecution charged are also not too common, but that the prosecutor deems something illegal and grave enough to charge, the court concurs by opening proceedings, and then in the trial everything falls completely apart basically only happens when the trial brings a complete surprise with it. And most of those times the "complete surprise" is just a key witness refusing to testify or not remembering anymore (as it happens too often in domestic abuse cases). I played that game on PC. Recently I ahem got ahold of it again and it was still fun, but way too easy. And too repetitive. I don't remember it that way. Especially since I'm a terrible player who usually loses every game on "normal difficulty". There's this quotation by Scalia (whom I respect a lot , despite him mostly ruling otherwise than I would have), that four Justices probably don't think the Exclusionary Rule was a good idea in the first place (somewhere in the Pepperdine interview with Kenneth Starr). If you're interested in the exact wording I can look it up tonight. Fun fact: In German civil law we have four sections on bees: beekeepers got special rights to enter others' properties in order to catch flown-out hives, regulating who owns a new hive that formed by merging two hives of different owners, and so on. I don't play for expected value, I play for variance. And I'm tired of people telling me that it's irrational to play the lottery, it isn't. As long as we haven't figured out and implemented a way to align economical and ecological sense, your suggestion is a non-starter. Maybe you should have read what I wrote. I certainly do not advocate conserving energy no matter the cost. I'm saying that at the present there is no economic incentive for consumers to save electricity large enough to make them switch to less energy intensive means of lighting. We certainly won't maximize our standard of living by senselessly wasting energy. When there are two ways to light a room, yielding the same amount of light, but one uses much less energy, it is the superior one. The tricky question is how to make it the economically sensible one for the consumer, as well. > I don't remember any default usenet groups in nn, tin, gnus The news protocol specifically included a recommendation mechanism for "default subscribed groups", so that a news administrator could point new users to some important groups. In Gnus that behaviour is triggered by the variable gnus-default-subscribed-newsgroups. I'm certain that nn, tin and whatnot supported it, as well. > However, places are limited and they are given out based on your GPA That's mostly a thing of the past and almost only applicable to human medicine anymore. Today universities are free to set their own admission standards and procedures, and while school grades play a big role in it, you have realistic chances to get in based on some other measure of merit. Or even luck in a lottery. There was a time when HP believed it was a big supertanker, impossible to steer. So they split up. Agilent was born. Shortly after that a new CEO believed, HP needed to be bigger. So they bought Compaq. Now they are too big again. "All of this has happened before. And all of it will happen again." > In the digital world, any limitations on copying bits are akin to virtual restraints and locking information away. Jennifer Lawrence might disagree with your laissez faire attitude. Your argument that bits should be copyable without restrictions is independent from the fact that these bits were not on her local hard drive. If it's common usage, it's correct. Even if those societal effects were true (there are studies for both sides, and especially the helmet opponents are usually very outspoken and even rude, to the point that they lose credibility), the important thing for me as an individual is not whether helmets lead other people ("the society") to cycle less, but what the effect is on me. Personally I feel some chilling effect (sometimes I cycle without helmet, so some friction is certainly there). But it's not very strong. On the other hand, I have never consciously experienced a difference in car driver's behaviour whether I wear a helmet or not. And I certainly am not cycling in any riskier way when I'm wearing my helmet. If you do, you should really think about what you're doing. > To clarify I mean that I don't believe it adds much to the corpus of information about domestic and civil rights infractions. As a foreigner, I'm actually more interested in non-domestic stuff. > The point is, helmets and cycling create flame wars The point is, you are very much involved in creating flame wars by labelling the pro side as people who only have their superstitial, anecdotal fairy tales, while saying the contra side has all the cold, hard scientific facts. Let's just leave it at that. The "pro helmet side" in Internet forums does not have "budgets". 1. So when Facebook raises or lifts those limits you're dead. 2. So when Facebook pushes this feature a little bit more you're dead. Sounds awfully risky to me, without a big upside. He is a writer. He writes articles. That's an honourable profession. > Should we be prohibited from lending our physical books to other people just because publishers would rather we didn't? No, but I haven't seen examples of negative externalities in that case. > IMO, when it comes to what you can do with your own property, the assumption should be legal by default It is. You may do almost anything with your property. It just happens that renting out is one of the things regulated because of demonstrated negative externalities. > It's like a subtler version of guilty-until-proven-innocent. That principle only applies to criminal law. > Not sure if there are companies that forbid it, Today probably most companies disallow any private web surfing. Inofficially it is often tolerated if you don't overdo it. > and if that would be legal. It is. > But it is certainly not the norm. Believe me, it is. The reason is simple: As soon as you're allowing private surfing you have to respect your employees' privacy. That means that you must not use software or equipment to track web use (apart from special agreements with the works council). Same goes for private email. If you allow that, you cannot have your admins look into emails anymore. You cannot easily backup mails without telling your employees all the details. You cannot simply reject mails. And so on. It's a huge hassle. No, Kurzarbeit ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Short_time ) was one preeminent mechanism saving our economy. Other countries without that mechanism suffered much more. In Germany we basically loosened the rules for Kurzarbeit (not officially, I think, but the authorities were much more lenient than usual about the legal requirements), because it was a mechanism already in place . That last part is important. A mechanism that only works okay, but is already implemented everywhere is much better than the perfect mechanism, specifically tailored to your needs, but impossible to roll out on short notice. Gutmann's cryptlib (if you stick to the high-level API, which is documented as such). It's "anciently conservative" (not based on fancy new ciphers, you can like it or not), by a competent cryptographer, and battle-tested. I wish German civil law had something like your discovery process. Over here the claimant probably would not be able to peek into the defendant's stuff. Especially if he can't specifically claim "on march 10th, Mr. Meier sent an email to Mr. Schmidt discussing topic X". A simple "hand over your mails about the matter at hand" would be ruled a "fishing expedition", not admissible as a motion to discover. > editors have gotten into turf wars over articles they feel some sense of ownership over That's exactly what killed my one and only attempt to substantially improve an article (not just typo-fixing and stuff): The two guys with a lot of edits on that page couldn't stand someone else editing "their" article. Sure, they tried to bring up superficial disagreements about the content, but that could have been resolved trivially. It was very obvious that they didn't want someone else on their lawn. Unless Wikipedia fixes exactly that ownership problem, specifically, I doubt they can improve their attraction and retention rate of contributors. And that is a social problem. I bet it will never be fixed. I tried to improve a very small section, about six or seven sentences. It was clearly wrong, I had lots of citations, but they preferred a wrong "my" article to a better "our article". After the second or third edit, incorporating their feedback, someone called it "vandalism" and reverted everything. Wikipedia is broken. I'm not so sure. I'm curently thinking about getting a new console (very light/casual gamer). I've got the PS3 mostly for playing Blu-ray and never found a compelling game. The Wii U is extremely interesting, not only because of its price, but primarily because of the games. I have no idea about the business case, but releasing the games elsewhere would certainly cannibalize their own console. And while it may be profitable, I think a Nintendo without a viable console on its own would be in very dire straits. That's why I have always seen the disappointing sales figures for the Wii U in the past with a crying eye, even though I was not looking to buy a console. The Nintendo empire is kind of precious. Fortuna as option, and slated for being made the default later. That's great. I've read Ted T'so dismissing the "/dev/urandom for everything camp" somewhere lately. Together with his appearance here on HN, I very much doubt he's going to change his position anytime soon. He thinks the criticism of Linux's random device is purely academic. Maybe he's right, he's certainly way better qualified than I am, but I'm still very unimpressed by how the Linux guys just dismiss any discussion for a changed random device. Well, they implemented getrandom quickly. Let's take it as a promising sign. GnuPG scares me. In all kinds of ways. And Werner Koch must be some kind of demi-god. "The law just has to change to adapt to our new technical ways" ist a common fallacy with techies. And has been working /splendidly/ for decades now. More importantly, letting every of your users out in the rain with his legal problems until you have finally been successful in changing the law is not a recommended way to treat your users. My interest in Ruby wanes a bit every time there is a new Ruby release, but no corresponding Windows installer on rubyinstaller.org I really like the language and used to reach for it as a first instinct, but nowadays it almost lost its mindshare with me. I understand that there are open bugs that are tricky, but I get the very serious impression that the core Ruby devs simply don't care about Windows at all (a bit like it used to be with git). Bad move, I think. There is no current Windows build of Ruby at all . Cool, that's new! For ages there was only 2.0 available. Being a patch release behind is no big deal indeed. They already have serious problems with the EU, because of the immigration referendum before this one, back in February, I think. They are still scrambling to find a way to reconcile their obligations under their treaties with the EU and their obligations under that referendum. And noone has found a way, yet. As we can see with Switzerland, it strenghtens extreme positions. Let me ask you a question: why should people in Northrhine-Westphalia "decide for" people in Bavaria? Shouldn't we dissolve our federal parliament? Having done that, why do the people living in Stuttgart "decide for" the people living in Karlsruhe? Shouldn't we dissolve the state of Baden-Wuerttemberg? The answer is, of course, that decisions should be made at the lowest level where they are making sense. And in this regard the EU is imperfect. But you're throwing out the baby with the bath water. Because gold bugs and fiat money. Gold bugs are kind of the more conservative variant of Bitcoin fans. The EU will not change those treaties, because it has no real reason to. And especially now: How do you refuse something to David Cameron's UK (a big member state), but hand it to Switzerland (a small non-member state)? In the case of the UK, it would demolish the very core idea and foundation of the EU. This UK parallel makes it very, very unlikely that the EU would give anything to Switzerland that could even only hint at flexibility in this matter. The "best" outcome Switzerland can hope for (unless they repeal that immigration reform) is a state where Switzerland is in breach of the treaties, but the EU looks the other way, either on purpose, or because the member states cannot agree on a way to handle the situation. This couldn't last forever, though. And by the way: Trying to have a treaty re-negotiated has already worked out not so very well for Switzerland in the case of Zurich airport. ;-) Although I have to admit, we Germans basically did the same thing to Switzerland in the case of the CDs with tax data. It is a shitty thing to do. What about "non-member state" seemed unclear to you? It's obvious that it wouldn't work. The EU cannot tell Britain that free movement of people is essential enough to see them leave the Union, but then hand it to Switzerland, just because they ask nicely. Those bilaterals with Switzerland are not some totally unrelated treaties, they are more like "EU membership light". We kind of need Britain, although not absolutely. Switzerland? You're joking, right? Nobody wants to hurt Switzerland, or give them a hard time, but if they turn away, the reaction will mostly be a shrug. There is a very good reason to think that: the press always gets this wrong. So unless you either have some real knowledge in the field or you've come across Scott Aaronson's writings, you may be excused for believing that quantum computers "try all possibilities in parallel". An exceptionally well written book, I'd like to add. Many authors try to unite casual style with technical writing. Russ Olsen does it beautifully. He never treats you as a child or an idiot. He never lets you feel his master status. He's like the good-natured old-timer who sits next to you with a cup of coffee, teaching you more than you realize. STUFF YOU SHOULD USE POND - https://pond.imperialviolet.org/ Yeah, right. "Dear God, please don't use Pond for anything real yet. I've hammered out nearly 20K lines of code that have never been reviewed. Unless you're looking to experiment you should go use something that actually works." > Germans have six weeks of federally mandated vacation Wrong. Four weeks. But six weeks are pretty standard. You can always invent a name (and "light year" is nothing else, just not based on a "round" number of meters). For example, since failure rates in safety engineering are usually pretty small and nobody wants to pronounce "something times ten to the minus eight" or similar, the term "fit" was invented to stand for 10^-9. (Although I admit that "failure in time" is a stupid name for a dimensionless constant) Similarly you could invent a "galactic length" or however you'd like to call it. No, that's deniability (OTR has that property), something very different from PFS. PFS just means you've got session keys that can't be derived from the long lived authentication key. Not return-ing but just falling through to the closing } is perfectly fine and defined as returning 0. How do you even achieve this fascinating effect where "m" and "T" (and probably many other characters) don't render, making the web site utterly unreadable? Both IE9 and FF 34. The TU9 could be a starting point: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TU9 In computer science, Karlsruhe, Aachen and the TU Munich (TU -- there are three universities in Munich) are the most prestigious, although I've always percepted alumni from those three as being somewhat snobbish. When it comes to computational linguistics, Saarbrücken is probably the very best, but Stuttgart (my alma mater) is also really good. France doesn't need to "work against this". If that's the law in France, it trumps the license text. Just as the law trumps any clause requiring the sacrifice of the licensee's firstborn on an altar. The problem seems to be that he didn't really decide. It's easy to make a quick decision when releasing software that cannot be taken back. And when you're finally realizing your mistake, you can only resort to what we're seeing here: pleas and threats. And of course, on the whole huge Internet you will always have people who defy you either for legitimate reasons or just out of spite. So it's practically guaranteed that you end up with war. I cannot make up my mind whether we should blame him (for being so nonchalant with the license) or Google (for luring him into this trap without properly educating him on the consequences). Rapid Interpretation of EKG's. Really. It's fascinating. You not only learn how to read EKG's (obviously, after reading the book, you're still not qualified to argue with a seasoned practitioner), but you also learn a lot about how the human heart works. Much more accessible than I thought. I'm pretty tired of sensationalist NSA stories here on HN, as well, but I think you're really wrong here. First of all, it is a factual post, nothing sensationalist. Second, it is obviously on topic (warrant canaries and their failure modes have been discussed here several times, and usually very civilly). Third, just because "some guy" tells you "hey, everything is fine" doesn't make it true. You just declared that you're satisfied with the explanation, which I can understand, but demoting the story means that you don't believe that someone can rationally think otherwise. That's unfair, IMO. Fourth, if you're posting a warrant canary and fail to update it, you deserve the suspicion and discussion. That's kind of the whole point. So: working as designed. :-) I think there is really something that makes people prefer files over some database, even though the latter has undeniable advantages. Do you remember IBM's VisualAge for C++? It had a clear Smalltalk pedigree (there was a VisualAge for Smalltalk first, and I think the IDE was written in ST, but I could misremember that point). And a "translation unit" was not a file, like in every other C++ compiler. All translation units were entries in an internal database. And you couldn't find the header files with a file manager search. Some people liked it. A lot. But in the end IBM reverted to the common approach. In open source, yes. And probably also overall. They are even doing iOS targetting, if I remember correctly. At least many of the commercial Windows implementations (Dolphin?) seem to be a bit dormant. Tell that to Valve. I wish I could change my Steam user name that I chose in my juvenile years. It may be preferable to you, but it's certainly not for the intended audience. That's simply not true. I think 'tptacek wrote in some other thread about WAAH and Cryptography Engineering being two of the others. > Whatever happened to rather that 10 guilty men walk free rather than that one man be jailed innocent? That has always been bullshit, the way you and most of the Internet are misusing this quotation. Why 10 to 1? Why not 1 to 1 or 1e100000 to 1? This ratio is purely arbitrary. Obviously, if you really followed through with the gist of your argument, we should never convict anyone, because better to let everyone go than miss the one injustice in a thousand years. Unless you can make a case for a specific ratio, 10 to 1 has no special meaning. The quotation only argues that the balance should be biased towards aquittal. Nothing more. I don't see how Google should have any responsibility wrt. Usenet. Google is not the only party having Usenet archives. They are not even in any way special. They aren't the "official" archives, just as Deja wasn't. If you're really interested in getting your hands on Usenet archives, going way back to the Ice Age, there are plenty of ways to do so. Especially with the huge Hamster community ( http://www.tglsoft.de/freeware_hamster.html ), who are archiving almost fanatically, you should be able to get virtually everything you'd want just by asking nicely. Other parties who certainly have archives are all the major news servers. That's the least of the problems. At some point Google Groups got really inconsistent, where it didn't turn up many, many postings and threads when searching for them. For some time you could find them if you tried several of their country TLDs (google.de, google.com), they brought up different results. A bit later even that didn't work anymore, Google Groups has spotty coverage, at best. Then they hid their advanced search interface. If you knew the URL you could still use it. Then they removed it altogether. Nowadays you have probably no way to specifically search for something ("author:", "group:", "mid:"), nothing is working satisfactorily anymore). Hamster is a local news and mail server for Win32. It's comparable to sn on Linux: it acts as a reader, not as a "real news server" (IHAVE/SENDME). So people could use it with their regular Usenet account on a dialup PC. And since it's scriptable (alas, in some own script language), people extended it in lots of ways. Coincidental. I haven't kept my archives, even though at one point I had sucked postings for several nights (all of de.*, and the Big8, I think). But others kept their "purple data" religiously. It's not citizenship. Estonia makes that abundantly clear whenever they are talking about this. The original title says "Virtual States Come Online". Flagged for being willfully misleading. The pronunciation of Latin is extremely well studied and mostly known, including changes throughout its history. Unfortunately it's quite far away from the pronunciation I've learned in school. (and what Americans usually use seems to be even farther away) It's technologically possible, but not legally. Shall we rehash all the facts again ? I'd laugh my ass off if Assange came out of the embassy eventually, was extradited to Sweden, and after a short interview they'd let him go. If he's medically unable to travel for questioning, he cannot travel for his trial, either. The trial which by law has to begin two weeks later, at the latest. Really, we've had that dozens of times on HN now. https://storify.com/anyapalmer/why-doesn-t-sweden-interview-... http://www.newstatesman.com/blogs/media/2012/09/legal-mythol... http://www.newstatesman.com/david-allen-green/2012/08/legal-... Sure, that's a valid choice. But when you're implementing a language ecosystem, proud ignorance of other peoples' usage patterns is just embarassing. I had never expected RMS to let go of his child, but the moment he handed over maintainership of Emacs was really a new starting point. A lot of bickering just went away, and pragmatism played at least some role from then on. (Obviously not at any cost, he chose his successor(s) very well, so they are trusted and are committed to Free Software) In the linked thread RMS is a bit detached from reality, IMO, but still very reasonable. In the other thread where this whole LLDB drama started he was simply obnoxious and a bully, even insulting and driving out a contributor. That's exactly the point why "software engineering" still isn't. It's tinkering, and as much as we software developers would like to keep it that way, at some point mankind will just have to solve that problem once and for all. And today's software development will be called "software art" or whatever. I've just finished the first three Culture novels. Consider Phlebas starts great, but loses a lot during the rest of the book. The Player of Games is okay, but by far not as good as people told me. Use of Weapons is excellent . I'll have to re-read it in a few months. Do you happen to use Chrome? I saw something like that (dropped characters) on another site, as well. Only with Chrome, neither with IE nor Firefox. German as well: "bis an die Zähne bewaffnet" K&R, then Hanson's "C Interfaces and Implementations". Stark difference? 3. and 4. are identical to King's recommendations in "On Writing". King is pretty passionate about that. 5. is the same, I think. 7. is kind of a difference, although King laments that few writers can actually handle it. 8. and 9. are real differences. Although there seem to have been parts of it that hadn't been formally verified: "Using Csmith, we found previously unknown bugs in unproved parts of CompCert—bugs that cause this compiler to silently produce incorrect code." ( http://www.cs.utah.edu/~regehr/papers/pldi11-preprint.pdf ) The CompCert homepage tells us that the same authors did a study in the same year (2011) without finding any wrong-code errors. But even if they hadn't; I'd still be excited about CompCert demonstrating that this level of verification is indeed possible. Because then verifying the unverified parts would probably be just as feasible, given enough resources. Is it? I don't know about the construction of crime in America, but it surprises me. In Germany there are three prongs to a crime, all of which must be fulfilled: elements of the crime, lawlessness and guilt. Self-defense voids the lawlessness, thus the property of being a crime. If you do it differently, how do you handle ancillary legal question, like civil compensations and damages? Are there special rules for that? There are several Cortex chips. Cortex A (with rather high numbers) are relatively high performance chips, commonly found in one board computers, something like the BeagleBoard. Cortex M are microcontrollers for embedded usage, slower clocks, but geared towards periphery like CAN, SPI, I2C etc. You can find a lot of those in industrial use. Cortex R are less common, I think they are geared towards automotive, for real-time stuff, although -M is also used for that. Above all those sit those big ARM9/ARM11 chips. Within the M family there are 0 for relatively tiny footprint, 1 is special (synthesized into your FPGA), 3 is the "normal" one, and 4 has DSP capabilities and a bit more performance. Absolutely, the AVRs have a huge hobbyist community, but they have really aged. I can see why people who are well-versed in AVRs and their tool chain stick to it, but everyone starting today won't find them compelling. That has been there for some time now. In the board overview you'll find it listed as coming soon. Good enough. Everyone has exactly this board. I don't have to worry about whether the compatibility promises carry some footnotes with them. Arduino is about having a common baseline. People who are more experienced can "upgrade" to other boards. I wish we could all just leave off those "of course, I'm not condoning the threats" statements and also the "you didn't include such a statement, would you like to add it?". Not so much because it adds unnecessary words and gets tedious after reading slight variations of it for the umpteenth time. But because we as a community, no matter how much we quarrel and bicker about everything, wouldn't ever endorse such harassment. Not a single one of us. And no reader, inside or outside the community, could ever be mistaken and think a single HN commenter would. But maybe you all are right, and it is needed. I'd just like to think it isn't. We also have plea bargaining, in various forms. > See section 8 of http://cr.yp.to/cv/activities-20050107.pdf Last sentence in the paper: "I won't be satisfied until I've put the entire security industry out of work." That's nothing short of amazing. Oh, they "just missed adding the statement with the update". How reassuring! I see two possible cases: 1. They have been served and are compelled to mislead their customers. 2. They are incredibly incompetent, thinking up a security mechanism that they now have mis-handled twice within a few months. I would vastly prefer the first one. The second possibility is just too depressing. Single words aren't too useful, because there are many ambiguities. You'd better use simple sentences. Another thing: Be very careful about capitalization. I just got "Sie means they". Yes. In a way. But the "sie" that you mean is written with a lower-case "s" (unless at the beginning of a sentence, of course). So my immediate reaction was: this must be the form of address "Sie". Of course, had you shown "sie", the first thought would have gone towards "sie" as in "she"… Just use sentences that resolve those ambiguities. Of course it's part of the UK. Will the old urban legend about extraterritoriality never die? He was not "charged", because that's not a Swedish word. But all the courts involved in the matter, in Sweden and abroad, have come to the conclusion, that the procedural state Assange is in, is equivalent to the English word "charged". Why can't the police just enter your house and use your LEGO toys? Because the laws forbid them to. Not because your house is extraterritorial. Yes, I think he would be arrested immediately, but I guess there's no reason to keep him. The bail has been forfeited. And if the prime cause for the arrest warrant is gone, he would (and should) walk free. At least I think so. That's been disproven. Sweden did not interrogate those suspects in order to "charge" them, but in an earlier state of the murder investigation. I don't see any real connection. The HTTP header doesn't make the requested web page be sent over and over. A better way would have been to establish a series of SMTP servers ("towers") that forward the mail in a circle endlessly. Let people subscribe to that kind of mailing list, getting one mail per day. And let the SMTP chain exist as long as there is one subscriber left. As usual, the S looks strange. No wonder Knuth dedicated a whole chapter to this one letter in "Digital Typography". But Unicode emphatically does not define a rendering, a glyph. To me it sounds like the rendering needs to be fixed, not Unicode. Antiqua, Fractura, Schwabacher, Textura and all those other charming variants of writing European languages don't have seperate code points for all those presentational variations. Do we white Western men happen to discriminate against ourselves? No, you don't. It's the same letter and it's always "goto". Your local setup determines the look of the glyph, so nobody sees an unfamiliar form. But maybe you'd like to encode typefaces/fonts in the Unicode code points, as well? To make sure that I'm seeing the exact same arrangement of pixels you want me to see? Actually, I can't. I can decipher quite a bit with lots of effort, but I wouldn't call that "reading". And there are very few people around who can read all those (especially Textura) without problems. On your other example: when I was in Russia, I found those "unknown" letters difficult, but fun. But the letters they share with Latin? I didn't see a difference. And to your phone example: of course, I'd be annoyed. But that's exactly the point: you have to set up your local system correctly, to your expectations and standards. I'd be much more annoyed if some web page showed an English text in some Chinese transliteration, just because the author (writing English!) was Chinese. But that's basically what you propose! Sorry, I truly think you've run up an argumentative dead end. Some. I know that not every letter has been Han-unified, but I don't know the specifics. Is it possible, that this problem of yours has actually been taken care of? If not, is it possible that it's just a mistake instead of a big evil conspiracy? Absolutely. But the two "g" haven't diverged, yet. We don't give out code points to speculative future developments. If and when they diverge one will get its very own code point. I don't know what? If you're just here to randomly insult people, please leave. Update: ah, you just mishandled the threading. But still... I asked very specific questions, in order to understand your point, and you're very combative. My point stands. That's just one of the reasons people had (and you can't really expect everyone involved to have totally congruent reasons). But how about "g"? Do you really believe the two common variants (one storey/two stories) should have separate code points? What about German vs. French vs. Danish vs. etc.? All different "g"? Why? And if not, what is the core difference? That's wrong. Someone's hypothetical had no diverging meaning involved, only a stylistic choice in the presentation of the same letter. And he is still wrong when it comes to the claimed necessity to "guess". The user has set up his system correctly. "Guessing" only comes into play if you want to force your stylistic variation on others. And that is obviously a bad idea, for all the reasons called out before, like familiarity and readability. Let's not kid ourselves. When it comes to Han unification opposition there is mostly one issue at play: plain racism. "Our holy script shall not be defiled by those dirty bastards". And that works in all directions. As far as I know, those "some are different" characters have not been unified, but got separate code points. And that's where your whole argumentation falls apart, unless you claim that the Unicode consortium mis-classified lots of characters. But then I'd just retreat, because I don't speak any Asian language and cannot verify the claim myself. I can only defer to the experts, and they say that issue has been taken care of. As far as space savings are concerned, I replied to that in another comment to you. It's not okay to dismiss Han unification as just some space saving sttempt that's not needed anymore. Space saving was one motivation, but according to the consortium not the primary one. One thing most commentators cannot seem to grasp: the German government hasn't applied for the injunction, and it isn't running the taxi service. Government regulates private companies running the service. And those private companies are standing up to a shitty company that openly says that they won't comply with laws or verdicts, because they are the future. Or something like that. It's not about feedback, it's about prerequisites. The very minimum standards that players need to obey. Customer feedback can come later, on top. But that's qualitatively very different. Society has every right to tell you not to severely other people's lives. I'm amazed that there are actually people who think it should be okay to drive around uninsured, so when you hit a pedestrian and he ends up a quadriplegic and in need of constant care, you just say "oh, I'm sorry, take all the ten thousand Euros I have and good life to you!". I'm certain you'd see the stupidity of your point of view if you were the quadriplegic without any compensation. Fortunately, in Europe we don't let those people learn their lesson the very hard way. We do the sensible thing and just demand insurance from everyone. Including self-proclaimed libertarian rebels against the system. Interesting point: Uber is (rightfully) continuing their service, because the ban only goes into effect when the plaintiff pledges a security, to compensate Uber's loss, in case this ban is reversed. I have no idea if the plaintiff wants to take that risk. You really don't get it, do you? Road traffic is dangerous. Not only for people sitting inside those cars, but also very much so for everyone else. The pedestrian your cheap taxi without working brakes just ran over didn't choose your taxi. You did. And you're proudly saying that you have assessed the risk and... are willing to let other people take it. In your surfing example the surfer is at risk. That's not what we're discussing here. You want other people to suffer a higher risk, just so you can save money. And no matter how often you try to frame it as a matter of "I choose for myself", you're actually choosing for others. That's highly illiberal and unfree, by the way. Every year or so I stumble about some really nasty bug in Eclipse. At first it doesn't look like a bug, but like something I'm doing wrong. After thirty minutes of trying things and googling I finally find a bug report about this exact issue. The bug report is always older than five years. Usually closer to ten years. Sometimes a patch is buried in the comments somewhere, but the patch has never been applied to the general distribution. I can't remember all those bugs, but the last one was that Eclipse has a settings window for Indexer settings in the project settings. Most of your choices there are saved to the project configuration file. Some aren't. Without any indication. They are active for as long as you have the project open, they never get saved, and on re-opening the project, global settings are in effect again. I've always wanted to try those, but at first I couldn't decide to order in some online shop, and next time I looked the shop had closed. I think they wrote something about not being allowed to sell miracle berries in the EU, because it was categorized as some dietary supplement or so, without the necessary certifications. Full windows support? Yay! joe was the first editor I used when I tried Linux for the first time. vim and Emacs seemed terrifying back then, and I needed very little features. Just being able to edit config files. The Wordstar shortcuts somehow are still in my muscle memory. I will definitly try and see how joe fares under my current requirements for a text editor. This is exciting! Bricolage, although it didn't really look maintained last time I checked. Yes, and they do. Funny that they don't prominently say so. Most secondary material about Bricolage touts static generation with a web UI as the main selling point. That's how I got interested in it. Another one, much better known: Movable Type. A myth? Put yourself in my shoes: Do I believe some Internet commenter without further evidence, or do I believe Robert Sapolsky? One! That's important! The first officer shut the captain out who tried to break the door until the end. Using the override. An unconscious pilot does not override the override. No. The scenario is a good agent outside with a gun to his head. And if A sues B not for money, but for some kind of action? Or injunctive relief? So the government can somehow hack into the NYTimes editing process and put a retraction of some earlier claim into the newspaper, all without the NYTimes staff cooperating? Similarly, if A is constantly harassing B, B should just shut up and take the money the government pays him in compensation, along with the harassment that isn't being stopped? Are you sure that is the outcome you are advocating for? You're moving goal posts. My example is: A sues the NYT, demanding that they rescind something. Your solution: The government steps in and takes the action itself. You want the government to get involved. I don't. I want A and the NYT to fight it out in court. We're not talking about secrets and government employees! You have expressed your desire to not have any judgments except monetary compensations. And I'm pointing out that harassment victims would rather live in peace than get some money in exchange for their state-sanctioned(!) victimhood. Looks like we have indeed found a third way to make money off Bitcoin. The first two, both widely used so far, are (a) operating a Bitcoin exchange and running away with customers' Bitcoins and (b) hacking a Bitcoin exchange and running away with customers' Bitcoins. At the very least the voter would need to supply the random number. Otherwise the server can lump together several voters who voted for the same option. I don't know offhand how Debian is doing it, but they've got some mechanism like that for their ballots. Since it's been around forever I'd guess it's solid. And before Haskell became this trend thing with own web sites and all, SPJ distributed ghc on his MS web site. Usually you had to wait for the Windows binary quite a bit, FreeBSD came first. He also hosted a "how I make working under Windows NT barely acceptable" document under (research.)microsoft.com. Thanks! The replies of you two are about the best you can hope for when posting your own article here. (I won't change the article because I'm representing Cialdini's book here, not further research, but those comments were very interesting) I rhink there's something fishy with it: you overcome several hurdles to fuzz OpenSSL and then - miraculously - you come up with Heartbleed. And the best of it: only Heartbleed. nothing else. Nothing more. Looks like it really went that way, but what are the odds? No, make files are quite often written from scratch. But the linker script for ARM Cortex and the GNU linker is usually copied verbatim. You can find it everywhere. Open source projects, commercial development. Everywhere. Because STM ships it with their standard peripheral library. Nobody cares that this linker script is (c) Atollic and only licensed for use with their IDE: http://hackaday.com/2012/06/19/stm32-demo-code-carries-extra... Georgette Tsinguirides started at the Stuttgart ballet in 1945, being paid in Reichsmark. Today she is still at the very same ballet, now as a choreographer, being paid in Euros. In between she was a dancer (getting, of course, Deutsche Mark). Nope, most mobile phones here don't have FM reception. Not the iPhone, not most Android phones. Mostly the Lumia ones and few select others. Honestly, the customer doesn't care if the chip supports it. The out-of-the-box experience of´the vast majority of mobile phones (excluding Lumia and some dumb phones – I forgot those) is simply: no FM radio. At least in Germany, Facebook doesn't even comply with court orders. The Facebook Germany office just tells courts to talk to the Irish office, in the knowledge that international judicial assistance is a big obstacle for smaller cases and likely won't happen. They (Subway)don't anymore in the US? No, they don't. The laws against cruelty are directed towards humans. They forbid specific behavior of humans which involve animals. In the same way, desecrating a cemetary or destruction of property is also forbidden, yet neither graveyards nor objects hold rights themselves. In Germany? Only villas in very rich residential areas. "Normal houses" very rarely have alarm systems here. That's why ALARP is such a widely used methodology. Unless you're in the bands "unacceptable risk" or "broadly acceptable risk", economical considerations are valid. People are good disconnecting from what they ought to do, even in the face of their religious leaders. Made men in the Mafia don't care about the church's teachings about murder. The catholics in Northern Ireland didn't, either. American politicians defend the death penalty against the Pope speaking out against it (although in this case you can claim that "Render unto Caesar" is a valid rebuttal). So don't hold your breath. I don't see the point. Do you expect to improve upon the original, to rewrite it? In the last months I'm seeing more and more projects that seem to amount to using GitHub as dumb file storage. And I'm always wondering if I'm missing something or if it's just a side effect of the current GitHub popularity. While I don't have actionable advice for you, on the subject of depression I strongly urge everyone to read this blog post by Wil Wheaton: "Depression Lies", http://wilwheaton.net/2012/09/depression-lies/ It moves me to tears. Afterwards, read his wife's account of it, "The Other Side of Depression", at http://www.annewheaton.com/the-other-side-of-depression/ For an overview of the current scientific knowledge, an introduction to brain chemistry and the psychology of depression, and -- most importantly -- a forceful argument that depression is a bona fide illness, a biological/medical condition, not just some "oh, pull yourself together" thing, see this video of Stanford professor Sapolsky: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NOAgplgTxfc Finally a hobbyist edition, but still too pricey for me. They are not going after the HN crowd. They are going after professionals who have been spoiled by commercial Lisp implementations for years and decades now. I doubt that Clojure is going anywhere with that demographic. And I'm absolutely certain that the existing Clojure audience wouldn't shell out a few thousand dollars. Especially since Lispworks is building a language implementation and ecosystem (KnowledgeWorks, CommonSQL, CLIM) where the IDE is just a relatively minor component. http://markmhendrickson.com/post/16 is a much better explanation what the IndieWeb is about. Take dancing classes. For ballroom dancing you already need to have a partner, more or less, so maybe better look into Salsa. Or Swing dances from the thirties (Lindy Hop etc.). Don't go there with the goal of finding your "soul-mate". Actively resist that and say to yourself that you will not obsess over any of the girls there. Give yourself small quests: tonight I'm asking two different women to dance with me. Tonight I'm going to strike up a conversation with at least three people, at leadt one of which is male. Stuff like that. Cannot be long until he would have had a better deal by going to the police, confessing everything (even if he didn't do it) and served his time. Sitting in some embassy for years, without any possibility of having this time count towards a possible sentence. Noone knows if it would have worked, because they never implemented it (except for some local levels). There was much party-internal warfare about it. One faction saw Liquid Democracy as the solution to all problems. The other faction insisted on "Datenschutz" (privacy extreme), which to them evidently meant that having your real identity tied to any election is unacceptable. They would rather have people vote twice or three hundred times on the same ballot than introduce any kind of identifier. It's a great demonstration of why the German Pirate Party doesn't even get enough votes anymore to have the listed by name in TV when election results come in. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bohmte http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shared_Space_in_Bohmte Some time ago I drove through that town without knowing anything about it. I didn't realize that they had such a concept, it just felt really stressful, because your normal expectations and intuitions don't apply. I find it hard to believe that the US have anything like "presumption of innocence" in civil court. Are you sure you're not mixing up civil and criminal proceedings? No, calling it "England" is totally fine. Just as we call The Netherlands "Holland". Or the United States "Amerika". I really, really hate, when people try to force other people to speak in the specific manner they are speaking. You have no right to demand that. Additionally, you have no idea about the connotations. You may find it offensive, but it is not. Not at all. It doesn't confuse people. This distinction has traditionally never been very important in Germany, so people didn't habitually make the distinction. That's exactly the point: you have no idea about usage and connotations in German, but still consider yourself an expert who should have the power to prescribe a foreign language. As an aside: we're also lumping together (dancing) balls and (foot)balls. And lots of other things. And how do we survive that? Context. That's fine, when people mix up "English", with "Welsh" and "Scottish". It's not when people mix up "englisch" with "walisisch" and "schottisch". And why does German need to perfectly capture the geographic idiosyncracies of other countries? In colloquial usage? When the distinction is important we can express it, no problem. But when it isn't? That's wrong. I was clearly replying to "Although entire languages get it wrong - in German [...]". The poster I was replying to was claiming that other languages are wrong . And I resent your accusations. It has existed for a long time now: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geldkarte No one uses it. It will be impossible to really discuss free speech issues on a venue that is predominantly American. America has a very idiosyncratic view of free speech, embodied in their constitution. Good for them. Unfortunately they usually categorically deny that any other variant of free speech, other than their own specific formulation, can ever be free speech at all. That ties in with the general feeling in America that the US constitution is the best constitution there is and could ever be, to the point where the Founding Fathers are venerated beyond belief, and changes to the constitution are next to impossible. To make a tangential point: America often criticizes Germany for not having the right flavor of free speech. While having more than just influenced our constitution. So basically they approved our constitution (after demanding a few changes), especially the parts that were designed to counter Nazism. Understandable, after World War II. Unsurprisingly that ran counter to the American view of free speech, but that was intended at the time. Decades later everyone is surprised... Because Wikipedia is something entirely diffeent and not suited to what the MDN is doing. The founder of Lavabit was perfectly willing to cooperate with the US government, including giving up customers' data, until some point when he just reverted to childish behaviour. You're wrong. He was perfectly willing to hand over customer data before Snowden. Giving a home to branches of philosophy, until they have matured enough to be considered their own discipline. Mathematics, physics, theology, biology, sociology, just about science started out as a sub-field of philosophy. He handed over specific user data for other users, refused to do that in the Snowden case. Only then (and after long stalling) did the US government demand the keS, in order to get the data themselves. Had he handed over the requested data, just like all the data before, noone would have demanded any keys. Hacked? A bitcoin exchange? No! It can't be! At least it's their first time. Others are hacked on a semi-annual basis. I'm still looking forward to your SRP blog post! That would be a great opportunity to question your premises. If nobody does what you have identified as the clearly superior way, either everyone is an idiot. Or you may be wrong. I think it's mainly one developer, but I might be wrong and the development team has expanded. Technically, they only note that the sentencing guidelines and the probation office are pointing towards a life sentence, but the government itself is only requesting a "lengthy sentence", "above the minimum" (which seems to be 20 years). Sorry, could not resist. But Lindy Hop is really cool! Why don't you just keep reading the current AskReddit thread where you got the idea? I mean, sure, the audience is different, but we really don't need to mirror Reddit. The some thousand comments should comprehensively take everything into account that we could write here. "Jail"... of course. Nothing in his story suggests jail, not even the tax evasion hinted at. Certainly not the "Abmahnung" by a competitor. That's a civil matter. Basically it's the same old story, as it happens with ebay a hundred times every day: guy thinks that he might get away with "selling privately", thus getting rid of consumer protection laws (that's the real issue here, not taxes, unlike all the speculation on reddit). Commercial competitor - or sometimes the authorities - believe he's selling commercially. He's talking about HopperApp. Personally I'd be more interested in a renaissance of the Latin language. I think it's the "logical" trans-national language for Europe (and that's mostly enough for me). Oh great, just the day before yesterday I finally jumped to LastPass (because obviously WinKee is not compatible to my new Lumia phone), using my best password (long, no real syllables, memorized). It sounds like the password is still safe enough, but it's a very unfortunate, inconvenient timing indeed. I did just quickly evaluate it on my iPad (got it in some promotion ages ago), but it didn't "click" with me. OTOH I'm not terribly sold on LastPass's UI, either. I don't know, but I'm going to sleep a few days over it and check out my options on the weekend. This isn't an "everything's on fire" event, anyway. Especially egregious was the episode where he misunderstood the "xkcd password scheme" and lashed out against it in his blog, and then kept on defending his flawed opinion against all explanations. That did a lot of damage to all attempts to teach password security to laymen. OTOH he was one of the first "famous" security people to publicly recommend writing down passwords. So all in all he is certainly a net win. Oh, certainly (I was just talking about passwords)! Cryptography Engineering is something I hold very dear and have lent out to colleagues. Very well written, so it's an enjoyable read. And a good length, not a thousand pages tome. My main problem with Schneier at this point is that he pivotted (Ha! This is HN after all...) from cryptography and technical analyses to political commentary. And I haven't found him very convincing in that regard. Even annoying at times. The array comparison? It's literally the textbook example of a timing sidechannel. Though I won't speculate if it's a real problem here, since I have no idea what data is being compared. Me neither, I just tried to explain what the other poster /probably/ meant. It's always funny to see Americans complain about the "lack of free speech" in Germany (Nazism, Scientology), when all those laws and the relevant legal structure around it was not only accepted by the US after WW2, but basically forced upon Germany by the US. There is an unfortunate tendency to dismiss everything that doesn't 100% conform to the constitutional framework of where one is living. That's especially pronounced in the US, because the US constitution is very rarely amended and almost religiously venerated. The Founding Fathers are often seen as demi-gods who could never have gone wrong. I wish people would separate "that's the best to handle it" from "that's the only way to handle it, and everyone who disagrees is a human rights abusing asshole". If anyone is interested I could tell a nice story where our Federal Constitution Court got it right and ruled in the former style ("we could never accept it under our constitution, but it's not as if it were a total injustice"). Noone needs to agree with past policy. But then lament your past policy. Don't attack the ones whose constitution you created. "Private link message" is really stupidly designed: when the recipient clicks the link, it is invalidated. No "let's see what this is, maybe better answer later" and even worse: you're denying the recipient his very own mail archive. That doesn't change much. This is not "email", as everyone understands it. It's another quasi-closed messaging system. Granted, if your communication partners are technically well-versed, they can live with it and get around its limitations. To the general public it's not email, but the destruction of it. You're giving a perfect demonstration of what I was writing about. You're a fanatic, and the way you're acting you are undermining and destroying the rights you pretend to stand for. Every pendulum that has been taken too far swing back eventually. It's a "damned if i do damned if i don't" situation. If the conviction rate is low, people on the Internet say that the prosecutor is just harassing innocent people. If the conviction rate is high, people on the Internet say that the judges rubber-stamp whatever the prosecutor throws at them. I've never seen anyone say "sounds about right" when any conviction rate was posted. [Edit: Killed the last sentence, as per site guidelines] Ultra successful acts like Taylor Swift certainly don't just sign some standard contract the record label gives to them, but negotiate every single clause in it, using extremely competent and experienced managers and lawyers. That's what distinguishes Taylor Swift from 95 percent of acts who maybe negotiate a little thing here and there, but are mostly happy to get signed. It is, and that's why the institutions have urged Greece to introduce a social security net. It's not as if the other Europeans want Greece people to starve by cutting pensions etc. They want Greece to untangle this mess where there is no dependable social security and instead small social benefits like lower prices for electricity is handed out in an ad hoc way as part of election promises by the political parties who come into power. No. Greece has never had a social security system comparable to most other states AFAIK. It was always "ask for money from your grandparents' pensions". zxcvbn and Diceware don't mix. Sure, you can run zxcvbn over a Diceware passphrase, but it's meaningless, since the whole premise of Diceware is that the attacker may know that you're using Diceware . It is designed with that conservative mindset. If you don't care about that aspect, there are better ways to derive passphrases than Diceware. Every Diceware word yields 12.9 bits of entropy, so your example passphrase yields 90 bits, not 117. Sounds like sensible and desirable behaviour to me. You might even call it "normal". Edit: I'd really like to see how all the downvoters would like to defend their stance. It's obvious that prosecutorial misconduct is not happening when prosecutors abandon cases that are marginal, but when they are harassing people they don't have a chance of getting convicted. That's exactly what I've written. Unless you want to assume that the court is so broken, it will willy-nilly convict innocents. But then it doesn't matter much what the prosecutor does, then the justice system is utterly broken. I think it's a bit different in the United States, but in my country (D), for example, prosecutors have detailed guidelines how to proceed. For one, they are obligated to investigate any exonerating evidence and circumstances, and any exculpatory circumstances. All of this must be revealed fully to the court and the defense, prior to the main trial. For another, they must only charge when they believe that a conviction is more probable than an acquittal ("my chances are at best 20%, but let's see how it goes" would be clear misconduct). In practice, the conviction rates are more than 90%, for sure (if you count a conviction for a lesser crime). As a prosecutor once told me: trials can be freak events. After listening to the witnesses firsthand, or after some dramatic revelation, everything can look much different than it looked in the file. But other than that, they almost always win at least partially. And another reason is workload. Apart from really high profile, highly publicized cases, resources are extremely limited and prosecutors mostly try to close the files. But financial companies make sure to handle mail retention/archival, as well. As I already said last time this product came up: this is not email. As far as encryption is concerned, it's a proprietary messenger, and it deprives not only the user (who opted in), but all of his recipients of virtually every advantage, standard email has got. Maybe Uber staged those protests, so that nobody would think about stepping in against them. ;-) Revenge is a generally recognized goal of criminal punishment. One of several, and in civilized countries it is considered probably the least important, but it is still lurking out there. And not in some disturbed mind's weblog. In serious legal literature. The number one reason for the wealth of the Swiss is that they prudently stayed out of wars as much as they possibly could. While the rest of Europe had to clean up the rubble and rebuild everything periodically, the Swiss could incrementally build up their wealth. That's just not true. Collision with the blades rarely happens. Birds usually collide with the tower itself, because they get disturbed and try to flee. Towards the sky, which their evolutional programming has identified as "the light". That's why lots of wind turbines today are painted in different shades of green and brown on the lower part of the tower. Excuse me, but what is "brigading", actually? Until now I assumed it was gathering lots of users to harass people IRL or on other web sites, but I guess I'm mistaken? You don't get cheques, anymore. Only certificates from his fantasy bank. In C you can store a value to a field of a union and then read from a different field. This is usually done to "get the byte representation of a float" or things like that. Except... it's undefined behavior. Don't forget calling the European creditors "terrorists". I have heard lots of my fellow countrymen, very educated social democrats, dismiss Varoufakis and Greece demands for his rhetoric warfare alone. It doesn't matter how good an economist he is, Greece would have needed a diplomat. "Would you be content letting them throw people in jail for nothing more than text typed on a keyboard?" Yes! Of course! Your line of argument is exactly like "I didn't kill him. I just moved my hands which happened to hold a knife which happened to travel through his chest." Outcome matters. Intent matters. Deconstructing real actions until some supposedly bizarre conclusion is reached does not matter. I've gone from a Pelikan fountain pen and Leuchtturm1917 to... Faber-Castell pencil (grade B) and cheap Muji notebooks. Yes, pencil does smear a bit, and those non-mechanical pencils get annoyingly short. But pencil is surprisingly durable (against light, and even against water accidents). And cheap is a big psychological factor in "I want a set of those everywhere ". I don't want "disruption" to be brought to schools. Actually I'm coming more and more to the point of view that people who describe their "mission" as one of disruption and societal change fall into one of two big categories: Either they do illegal stuff (like Uber, Silk Road) or they just don't have they slightest clue about the field they're meddling in and just naively believe that a Ruby on Rails application with some Bitcoin thrown in will solve all of mankind's problems. (I'm not against your blog post which seems fair, just your choice of title here) Because most of us don't live in the United States. Good luck finding a total market index fund elsewhere. "Germany vs. Greece" is a compelling and intriguing narrative, but there 17 more Eurozone members. And some of them take a much tougher stand towards Greece than Germany does. Ask Lithuania how happy they are to pump money towards a country that is richer than they are themselves. Of course, Germany has a lot of influence. But everytime I see articles riffing off this Germany vs. Greece theme, I tend to discount them as shallow. I really hope that's another misprediction. I've just bought another Lumia and it's great. Just great. I can't imagine going back to Android. Apple perhaps, but Microsoft (and Nokia) did a lot of things just right. Not really. As far as I experienced it (mostly de.*), old-timers were rejecting any little piece of modernization (sometimes going as far as claiming that Umlaute must not be used -- and that in German!), and clinging to a shared culture that was unwelcoming, backwards-oriented and conservative. Users hated that and used web forums more and more, even for subjects where thriving Usenet groups existed and were regularly found by newbies. Usenet regulars told themselves that their technically superior Usenet was winning, even when the ship had already hit the iceberg. I used to be part of that conservative cabal, and I regret it today (though our fight against the trolls and "net terrorists" was a necessary one, we became extremist ourselves). As do many many others. But it's too late. Usenet is dead. Obviously, I saw a different niche of Usenet, but I ran my own personal INN with few users and never carried binaries. None of the relevant German news servers carried binaries, and for a time they thrived. I had slight hope for a renaissance of decentralized Usenet service (instead of the big two: T-Online and Uni Berlin), when a very influential netizen posted a "how to run your INN, and you get a feed from me" on his blog and dozens of small, personal INNs sprang up. Ultimately it did nothing. Of course, there was another niche, Hamster ( http://www.tglsoft.de/freeware_hamster.html ), that did a lot for Usenet. I still don't believe that binaries were very relevant to the demise of non-binary Usenet. Both offers were very distinct, AFAIR. Either you did "discussion Usenet" which didn't make money, and never really did much, then the egress of users killed you over time, because your employer couldn't see a reason to keep your news server running. Many servers mostly ran under the radar for the last years, with admins almost trying to hide that they had this little thing besides their mail server and other duties. Or you did binary Usenet, then you made money, but were in a totally different line of business: selling pirated music and software to your customers. Again, all observations mostly limited to de.*, which was pretty big. There are no amendments in the constitution. Sticking to your validly formed opinion, no matter what, and never compromising in the slightest is beneficial in academia, because you need grit in convincing all those new students of your theories, and your results probably came from decades of work. Similarly, diplomacy is not too important, at least as soon as you have tenure. While being a politician and dealing with other countries means lots and lots of (sometimes bad) compromises and a lot of diplomacy. Varoufakis never cared for that. He constantly insulted the people on the other side, with the simple "excuse" that they are filthy politicians and he's a noble warrior for the common good. He didn't care for established procedures and common courtesy (like recording others without their knowledge or consent), everything was fair game to him. That's why he was such a terrible representative of Greece. And all his petty attacks after the fact don't serve Greece in the slightest, they only feed his ego and his fans. I would have expected him to keep silent for a while, in order to help Mr Tsipras reach a solution. It's true that the original army command wasn't a big Hitler fan, but it was still an enabler. Like all the aristocracy who looked down on Hitler and thought they could use (and contain) him. The thing with the German army ("Wehrmacht") is that for decades Germans told themselves that sure, SA/SS were evil and did horrible things, but the Wehrmacht was "clean", so granddaddy never did anything wrong, he was only defending his country. Then in the nineties, https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wehrmachtsausstellung came along, showing how the common Wehrmacht committed its share of atrocities. When I went there with school I actually had my grandmother calling me on the phone, in tears, telling me that her husband was no murderer. This exhibition ripped apart a few lies we Germans had told ourselves about our honorable Wehrmacht. Re: EU IV, I'd really like to get into it, but the in-game tutorial is very, very bad. I've had several tries over the last year, but always gave up way to soon. Is there a practical intro somewhere? One that allows me to actually play a game , even losing it badly, but not encounter half a dozen "huh, I have no idea what that means and what I should do now" situations every turn. Number one issue for common people: "I use webmail". Another issue common people don't think about: How do you backup your key and actually restore it in such a way that you can read your old mails again? Oh, and how long was GpgOL not working for the current Outlook version? Another big stone that lies in your way. And I wish tech-savvy people would just "allow" the workflow you described above. I have encountered too many discussions where people got scared off, because "the web of trust is the only acceptable way", and "check your government-issued ID cards! Yes, even if he's your best friend since kindergarten and he gave you the key in person!". Nerds love playing the key party game. They love calling some first-level support and asking to recite the key's fingerprint. They love showing how goddamn smart they are. And that puts everyone else off. It's another expression of the "security is binary" mindset that also hinders opportunistic encryption. Because there is something better we must not use this. Lose the web of trust (and "marginal trust" is something only techies can come up with...), have a nice UI with only four or five buttons, make it work with all Outlook versions and make it work with webmail (at least GMail) and you may have a winner. The last one is the big one and nearly impossible for anyone else, but Google seems to be working it (end-to-end for Chrome). That's about how much market share? Less than a percent? (I loved EnigMail, back when I was using it) And the reform package put forward by Greece after the referendum was exactly the package that the populace rejected in the referendum. It's almost comical. Of course there is. European Citizenship is real, and held in addition to national citizenship. No, Sweden does not have such an exception, they are required to join when they fulfil the requirements. They just exercise some creativity by making sure they don't meet the requirements. No need to apologize. Especially since it's close enough to an exception to remember it as such. :-) Most mail clients "don't suck" at secure email: S/MIME is readily available, virtually everywhere. Only because of some irrational dislike in the Open Source community do we even have this discussion. Self-signed X.509 certificates would have done more for the cause of "secure email" than all GnuPG advocacy ever did. I have nothing against losing, but the UI has dozens, if not hundreds of buttons at any time, most very inconspicuous (oh, that's a button?!), and no way to guess what they are for. It's... frustrating. Are patents really what's blocking it? I only have a passing understanding of the FPGA world, but I thought that everything in that space in shrouded in trade secrets. Do patent claim descriptions really have enough detail to help you produce a working bitstream? Nationwide Universal Healthcare. Does the president need approval by Congress for lifting the sanctions? I don't know the answer, but I suppose that might be an issue. (clue: the ECB is in Frankfurt) Sure, physical location is paramount... Let's count the members of the main decision-making group of the ECB, the Governing Council. Two Germans. Twenty-three non-Germans. I've thought about joining a few times, but ultimately, the two publically readable conferences didn't interest me at all. And for some time they were broken and only returned some error message. So I assumed that probably it's only a shadow of its glorious self anymore. Or at least I didn't feel like buying the cat in the bag. Yes(ish), but: https://www.reddit.com/r/badhistory/comments/3680ke/til_this... It is the language of Mathematica. Wolfram just renamed it, because Mathematica is only his famous and well-selling product, while Wolfram is himself. :-) Yes, possibly, but I'm a bit partial to old-fashioned email. Although I remember that Yahoo! was real email last time I was subscribed to a group. Just not very convenient. Still, good idea, I forgot about Yahoo! Google Groups also has a usability problem, but I may be cranky because I remember the Usenet archive from about five or six degradations ago. Do they? I think having a sign-up form and a list is very simple, yes, but I haven't seen so far how to allow subscribers to post. I think it's one-to-many instead of many-to-many. Is that just my misunderstanding of Mailchimp? Other than that it may be a really good solution. Probably not, if you say so. I will give it a try. Thanks! Old books aren't bad, in fact, it's rare that new books are much better than the very best of the old books. The Reddit discussion linked in another comment yields an updated Github repository, but a cursory glance didn't come up with any big changes. Re: your Discrete Math complaint; if the author (and his friends, there were very few reviewers involved) didn't specialize in Discrete Math, then it's not surprising that somethign is missing. In fact the author actually explicitly says that the list is incomplete and which his specialties were. I hope the EFF updates their article. Don't hold your breath. People don't like to acknowledge it, but the EFF is a lobbying organisation with an agenda, not some kind of disinterested "super court for Internet issues". And the last months have shown that they have a habit of "misunderstanding" things and writing over-sensationalist press releases. I mean, virtually everytime some press release of the EFF is discussed on HN, commenters have quickly pointed out factual errors or non-sequiturs. You are intentionally leaving out the part where many of the people in danger don't have a choice, because they have no connection with Uber, other than the inconvenient fact that they were counterparts in a traffic accident. Uninsured Uber driver causes traffic accident. Pedestrian is severely injured. Uber driver cannot pay for the medical expenses and there is no insurance company involved who could. Either the pedestrian is ruined for life, or society has to pick up the bill. That's one of the clearest examples of externality you will ever see. Our free choice evangelists try to frame the whole issue as "one Uber driver, one satified customer who only exercised a choice, and no one else exist in the world". It's dishonest, but that's Internet discussions. You're simply wrong. Even if the healthcare system eats the cost (as it would in my country), it's not supposed to. That's akin to entering a health insurance contract and then demanding the insurer pays for the theft of your iPhone. Road traffic is insured by car insurers. The Uber driver doesn't have any, the car insurer therefore doesn't pay, so someone else pays. It doesn't matter if you rationalize it with "oh, that someone else is also some insurer". It is someone not involved at all. Ergo an externality. You haven't replied to the question at hand, the externality, at all. And your "because" lacks any kind of supporting evidence. Please stop derailing this subthread with your free market bullshit. I meant to, but forgot it, I'm afraid. It's hard to say because few people are well-versed in US law and the law of their country (actually, many Germans seem toknow more about US law than German law because of TV), not to mention several European countries. One thing pointing to the importance of privacy in mainstream German law is that our Constitution Court literally invented a basic right to the integrity of information-technological system. Actually invented it. Germany: none at all (barring extreme cases), and that's really the overwhelming mainstream opinion of German scholars. Only defenders lament it. The idea is that much harm comes from letting people walk, just because the police did an honest mistake. Or even a willful, outrageous thing. Punishing the police officer should be enough to deter such behavior. I think that it's a reasonable stance, but I'm not invested into it much. I tend to see it as another example where we try to find a reasoned and weighted position, whereas America usually takes a very black and white approach. I don't mean that disparagingly, it's a valid position. Just an observation. Very important decisions of our Constitution Court are actually officially translated into English. The translation is only informative, of course. http://www.bundesverfassungsgericht.de/SharedDocs/Entscheidu... At least every prosecutor's office has a whole department dealing only with crimes committed by officials, and I guess they're not just sitting around. :-) I believe it's just like you would expect if you knew nothing about Germany: many crimes are punished, many aren't. For whatever reason, and yes, cronyism and a certain reluctance to prosecute does happen. But that's a null statement. I won't claim that reality is great, I just have no reason to believe that police officers regularly get away with major infractions. I've seen one of those bloom in Stuttgart. Fascinating. Unfortunately, passing an amendment is nearly impossible in the United States, leading to a much more hateful and uncompromising struggle to get everything you care about before the Supreme Court. Scalia has this nice little statistic showing that just about 2% of the American population can kill any constitutional amendment. Not any 2%, of course, just the 2% in the least populous states. There never was a "bank secrecy", but almost everyone believes there was and it was abolished in some attack on our rights. It's possibly one one the widest-spread legal myths. An acquaintance of mine is a state prosecutor, and he's always amused about this. IIRC it goes so far that when he requests information from a bank employee, he usually directly tells him to ask his in-house legal counsel if he's allowed to withhold information. What really existed and was softened quite a bit was "tax secrecy". The tax agency was not allowed to freely peek into your accounts. But criminal investigators always could. About the CDU: having a party for Christians is in no way against the seperation of church and state. Actually it's the other way around: if Christians were not allowed to form parties (or name them as such), it would amount to state-sponsored discrimination against Christians and endorsement of everyone else. The government collects the "church tax", but neither creates it, nor keeps it. The churches themselves decide if and how much to "tax", and they pay the state for the collection service. The rest of your anti-Christian rant is also pretty much baseless, but not easily refuted with a single sentence. Edit: I don't want to seem to pick on you too much; I liked the rest of your comment and upvoted it (which doesn't matter since I replied afterwards). My favorite feature of BER is that they have to run ghost trains through the subway tunnel underneath the airport. Because if nothing moves inside, no air circulates and they get a mold problem. I've only watched the pilot of Sherlock and found it so-so. Is the rest comparable? I got sucked into Elementary a bit (Lucy Liu is very good, didn't expect that), but decided after half a season, it's not that great to justify the investment of time. Okay. I never "got" The Wire or The Sopranos, either. Adequate, sure! Best TV series ever? Strange. Firefly is great, albeit short. I was forced to watch Buffy, but while the first season makes you cringe, it is pretty good. Not as stellar as people claim, but really good. I think Joss Whedans masterpiece wasn't Buffy, it was Toy Story. But do watch the musical episode "Once More, With Feeling"! Babylon 5, of course, if you can tolerate the (even for the time) bad CGI. I've just watched DS9 from beginning to end, something I had wanted to do for 15 years now. Hasn't aged well, and I hadn't seen it in English before. Avery Brooks' overpronunciation is painful, but it is the best Star Trek series by far. Friends was something I've enjoyed as a teen, and later as an adult. It was a totally different experience as an adult. I think that's worth a lot, to have a depth that appeals differently to you in different stages of your life. Modern Family was way better than expected. ALF is a bit painful to watch nowadays, it also hasn't aged well. Golden Girls are probably still great, The Cosby Show definitely is! Boston Legal is fun, fun, fun! Hey, why shouldn't Nantucket be allowed to habe its own nuclear weapons? But do watch all the newer Star Trek series before BL, so you can appreciate the ST heavy cast. Dallas! Oh my. Incredible how old Victoria Principal is today. ER was great, but I haven't seen much of the last seasons. I also liked Chicago Hope, but it clearly lost. The 2004 Battlestar Galactica. Probably the most modern TV series of its time, great themes and issues, pretty current, fantastic buildup to the big finale and then... disappointment. Game of Thrones, if only for the shock value ;-) And at last, the Tv series I've probably enjoyed most in the last few years: the first two seasons of Veronica Mars. But make sure you can stomach it, the season finales are sickeningly evil (especially season 2). Previously: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1492835 It fits neatly into the guidelines, as it is not only important, but also highly useful and interesting information (I didn't know about IDR before). And well written. You are simply mistaken if you think this is "Startup News".