Read about Hershey and Edison :) Taking a break is a really good idea. Not a long one, but something that makes you clear your head, focus on your body and your health, and starting missing creating cool stuff. If your mind's constantly occupied with day-to-day concerns, you can be overwhelmed and it's hard to regain focus. If you can afford it, change your scenery a bit and go hiking or get away to a beach for a week, 'til you get bored of it. What is your goal in making a startup? If you can get a continual sense of reward from accomplishing these things, that'll keep you going :) I wrote a framework and I am still using it, because it's more flexible and easier for me to extend than the other ones. That said, I think it was a waste of time from a business perspective. When you want to build a project, take something open source, rock-solid with a community behind it. You can focus on building your project and not fixing bugs in the underlying layer. Before writing my framework, I had written another one and learned a lot. The second time around, I've made something really powerful and cool, and it really helps me. But it's still not as thoroughly unit-tested and consistent as the ones built by a community. I'm just one guy. By the way, in cae you want to see it: http://code.google.com/p/pal-framework/ :) It's open source. Well I don't know but to be honest I would have demoed something I hacked for http://youmixer.com , the site I'm currently working on, rather than staying up and making http://want2know.org completely from scratch :) I think Amazon Turk could be better used for beta testing and early testing of word-of-mouth. First, ask some people to register on your site and then track what they do. Then, have them fill out a feedback form and tell you what they would have you improve. One iteration would cost you around $20. And if you do it once every 2 weeks or so, you can keep in touch with what your users actually want. Thanks for the feedback, but are you looking at the right framework? I am hard pressed to imagine how you could encounter either 1) or 2) in it, let alone both in a single file. As for your question, PIE is designed to let you write any adapters you want. For example it currently supports only MySQL, but you are free to add support for e.g. Postgres, SQLite or even NoSQL databases. I'm just a bit surprised by your comments because they describe the exact opposite of how most of PIE is designed, and the philosophy behind it. Although I take your point with mixed variable naming. There is lots of room for standardizing the internal codebase more than it is. Yeah, that's a good point. The site doesn't really sell the framework. Until now I haven't really devoted a lot of time to evangelizing it or anything. Beyond open sourcing it, I didn't really put in the time to grow a community around it. What I wrote here is more of an early notice to the hackers out there who are interested in developing kick-ass applications in PHP. If you ask me -- and I've gone through a lot of frameworks -- this is definitely designed to help you achieve that with a minimum of fuss and a lot of power. I finished the documentation, but the sales job needs a lot more work. If anyone wants to contribute their time and energy to helping me grow this open source project, I'd much appreciate it. You would definitely have a huge role in the framework community if you did that. At the moment, though, I am more focused on my startup, and bringing developers on board to help with it. The documentation is there to help get them up to speed. I think you mean "extract", not "explode". And no, it's not icky. It's a very nice construct by PHP, to avoid having to write: array ('foo' => $foo, 'bar' => $bar, ...) and just write compact('foo', 'bar') what's wrong with that? :) About the event system: Thanks man, I put a lot of effort into it. It's way faster than the drupal system, and also more extensible. Yeah I should put something there. I haven't thought of a single killer reason, except "it's faster, more powerful, takes advantage of PHP's unique strengths and encourages clean web programming" Thanks, that's something I should fix. I don't think I'm using Javascript for anything other than the tabs + ajax. I'll convert them to regular anchors as a fallback. Right ... but I thought he said there were methods with > 600 lines of code, and files with multiple classes/interfaces all over the place. That's why I took issue with it. But yeah, the Pie class has all the core functions. The question is, how do you spell NoSQL? :) er s/spell/say That really depends on where you are and if you can offer specialized value to the company. Here in NYC I can comfortably charge my clients $80/hour ... but I do more than just PHP development. Wow, this is pretty awesome. What would people use it for, though? Now if only we had math notation in all the browsers! Well, there's always http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Off-the-Record_Messaging which gives "perfect" forward secrecy Fixed, thanks. I've been following this project for a while - these guys are from my school :) Very awesome to see a bunch of undergrad guys come up with this project. I'm still amazed at the PR they got at the time. I'm also kind of working on my own thing ... http://myownstream.com If you set out to make a private social network, though, it's not that easy. Now, instead of trusting facebook, you'll have to trust ALL of your friends' hosting providers. For example, with diaspora, someone at mediatemple can in principle peek at the contact details you have synced with any of your friends. How is that any more secure? What this is, is decentralized. Which is still really cool! Their app is running on someone's hosted server. You can of course have complete security BETWEEN servers (as these guys say "PGP for you privacy nerds") but ... you still have to trust everyone's hosting company. A single hosting company hosting 1000 diaspora accounts can compromise details of 127,000 accounts, if each diaspora user has 127 friends on average. As far as setting up social networks on a server, there are plenty of those ... dolphin, elgg ... and they are quite good. If you want it to be decentralized nodes, you are stuck trusting everyone's hosting providers to not peek at the data you are sharing. Which imho is worse than trusting only facebook in terms of privacy. On the other hand in terms of everything else, decentralization is a huge WIN! Such as scaling and uptime. maybe they're streams that's what I felt as well ... diaspora usually happens when a people are kicked out of their land to roam the earth among other people. Not very positive as far as connotations go. But hey, let's see what they come up with. I'm working on that ;-) Man, applying to YC has got me addicted to this news site a bit :) Before, I used to dismiss it because I thought it flew by too fast. I remember passing by it a few times in the last couple years. If there was only an indicator of something psychologically reassuring for someone like me, I would have bookmarked it. This is the stuff I understand. Technology, web design, psychology of people online, etc. I notice that when I design a business plan, I think in terms of actual use cases from each participant, and why they would do each step. And if there's a missing piece somewhere then that's a red flag. I ask how it would spread virally, or how it would make enough money to spend on user acquisition. This is how I approach business, using what I know. But there's other stuff out there, SEO, guerilla marketing, PR, etc. and I completely avoid it in my designs because I don't know too much about it. That's why it's good to have a partner who can be involved with talking to PR people and marketing agencies and architecting real-world campaigns when the time is right. Whenever there was a problem, I tried to solve it myself using the tools that I know. All my business plans have been of this nature -- sites that are viral by design and get people to spend money by design. Not that it can't work spectacularly, but it's a one-sided, internet-centric approach. Okay first of all, I'm glad that a bunch of undergrads from my school were able to raise $200k, get a lot of press, and build something. This alone should get a community of people around the project fixing bugs, etc. I've always been saying that making a distributed social network is much easier than "solving" privacy and security for such a thing. First of all, try even defining what it means to privately share things with people on the internet. Then, realize that most solutions (such as diaspora) will actually EXACERBATE the privacy problem, by making you trust the hosting services of all your friends instead of just facebook. That said, after diaspora was announced it made me think about whether it's possible to ensure privacy in principle. Meaning, is it possible to only trust YOUR hosting company and friends, and cut out every other middleman from being able to snoop your data? I came up with something which I think would be very useful, and I actually submitted a provisional patent for the technology, which basically enables distributed AND private social networking using just today's web browsers. If you want to check it out or get involved, see http://myownstream.com . This is an open-source offshoot of a social network I'm building, which I hope to release next year. You can see the roadmap there, but so far it's been going really well :) how do you make that link clickable? I think they were talking about http://wordoid.com and http://domize.com Thanks. By the way, if you really are about privacy you can use https instead of http. That problem has been solved. What do you mean by "integrating"? You mean no one would actually host streams like they host websites? I don't know, these links don't work for me, even with xx replaced with tt. Nothing is happening. I created an isolated twitter account to try it, and nothing. I thought this would be a nice experiment. I use it for all my parties. It would go great with guitar hero though :) And yes the IE6 support could be better :P No, man. I was studying math at NYU. Now I do web development. It's just a coincidence that these guys are also from NYU. I'm working on a site to fix something like that. I don't want to reveal the name yet, but stay tuned :) Work something out with Rackspace. They will be happy to not report you to the credit bureaus. That leaves about $3k to pay to the lawyer. And maybe you can work something out with him too so he doesn't report you to a collection agency, which is probably a hassle for him anyway. I wonder what motivated a bill like this. Imagine if he can just shut down facebook or twitter :) searchyc? Nice! didn't know that. I'm going to delete this submission Hmm, update: apparently it's one of the ideas that won Google 10^100 http://www.project10tothe100.com/ideas.html Way to go, some people are on it :) Let's say I navigate to publisher.com If publisher.com has an iframe, img or other element with src coming from analytics.com, then (almost) all browsers will allow reading cookies from it. That is how e.g. commenting systems know who you are across domains. However, safari is the only browser that doesn't seem to allow WRITING to a domain other than the one you have navigated to, using any method. (Not even loading img tags.) I was wondering if there was a way around it. Someone said that doing a POST to an iframe used to work http://anantgarg.com/2010/02/18/cross-domain-cookies-in-safa... but now people are saying it doesn't anymore So google uses the cookies of the publisher's site, okay... but then what if the publisher has www.something.com, foo.something.com and something.com ... are all of these considered different domains? And if so, isn't it kind of unhelpful to the publisher, that you can't track a session across their various subdomains? Or is this intended? Aha, I see, I can set a cookie for *.domain.com (or .domain.com) and then it will also work for all subdomains. Yeah. I'm building analytics that let you track who invited whom, and you'll be able to actually use this to offer discounts. It's actually part of my site, which I can't really talk about yet :) But the analytics will be a spin-off, so if you can wait 2 weeks you will get it. gregory at gregory dotnet These kinds of stories are definitely cool to hear :) Maybe you can tell us more about what you did right, and what your business does! so far the furthest away one I've found is lice Dude, Total Finder owns ... except when Chrome downloads something and I click to open the finder window. Then it pops out in the middle of nowhere and no chrome around it. I have to click on the tab to get it back whereit belongs -- Fix that please! :) I don't want to say any more so as not to influence you ... just evaluate the site on its own merits. I mainly made this site for my own parties, but what if I wanted to make it popular? 1. What do you guys think is keeping people from actually creating music mixes and inviting their friends, like I do and a couple of my friends do? 2. What would you recommend I do to change that and actually make people use it? I'm just looking to learn and get feedback :) I like the color scheme. Just wanted to throw that out there. Also a nice marketplace ... the question will be how you execute it from now. So far you've got a nice press kit page. I would say your next problems are: 1. chicken & egg problem 2. how to contact PR people You should just focus on solving 1 and 2 before they start. The way to solve #1 is to let people sign up and be CONTACTED (push) when there is a match. Hey thanks for the feedback so far. I hope I get some more perspectives, also. I just wanted to address some of your questions... First of all, my primary goal was -- I just wanted to make a site where there would be a continuous party mix for my parties, that people could add to during the party, or even add songs before they come to the party, so everyone can hear the songs they love. what does it have that YouTube playlists don't? 1) continuous playing ... songs fade into each other if you just let it run 2) cut out non-music ... people who add a video can choose where it fades in and out 3) social contributions ... anyone can add their favorite songs to a mix 4) I kind of hoped that social contributions + people using the site would make it ALWAYS up to date, without constantly curating new and popular songs ... in 2011 it would be the best party mixes automatically, etc. the dark color scheme - mainly because videos usually require a dark background in order to look good when playing. Especially if you are going to put it on your big screen TV, which I do at my parties (my primary use case). why I picked youtube -- yeah, unlimited songs for free, and makes copyright not my problem since I am using YouTube's API along with thousands of other people. Muziik already made VEVO pull their videos, whatever's left is fair game Thanks man! It addressed my real-world problem at my parties so I figured it would help anyone who has a party. People kept wanting to add songs during the party. Now they can :) Now anyone can use it for their party. I think you're right, about partymix or crowdmix etc. Unfortunately they are all taken. Would you like to help me with this? I could use another pair of eyes on it. I've already built all the tech, now it's a matter of making it dead simple and social. BY THE WAY: If someone from HN thinks this site has potential and would like to come in and help me refactor it to the point where it's simple, popular and viral -- I'd be glad to make you a 50% owner of the project. Right now youmixer is pretty much just for me and my friends who "get it". I think the site is pretty close to being something everyone can "get", and I'd like to see this experiment through to the end. Let me know if you're interested -- http://magarshak.com/contact do you guys take logs of both sides, so you don't have to keep updating the scores of all the previously posted items? I mean, if all that matters is how big the scores are relative to one another, then A > B log A > log B (since A and B are positive). You'll just have to add a G*log(T+2) to the log(P) for new items, which can go on for a very long time. ... T is the time since some arbitrary point. I think I may have just reinvented the way reddit does it :P Well, you can fix (1) by simply incrementing T not by actual time but just be the total # of votes/submissions since the beginning. in fact, as someone else said if you then make T = the number of submissions / votes since the beginning, people would be able to post at midnight and it would still have a "fair" chance of being ranked along with the other articles posted at busier times. When I say a non-vote, though, I mean a real non-vote. Like, the person did not submit a vote. The total number of participants went up, but the rating stayed the same. If a non-vote was anything other than 0, this wouldn't work. Yeah, the expert sex change site has NEVER gotten me to sign up. There is one site though that has links to being able to chat with "a real lawyer", "a real doctor" etc. in realtime, and that is very tempting. Especially when their ad is exactly on an article where you need to find something out. What about that? I'd be happy if someone else was also interested in this feature and we could do this together. I'm new at hacking PHP internals. No, you can't. You may be thinking of call_user_func_array, but once again you can indexed array. The most you can do -- which is what I am doing now -- is use the design pattern: function stuff($required1, $required2, $options = array()) { } This pattern works really well, and makes the function interface endlessly extensible. If we implemented named parameters in PHP, it would turn every EXISTING function into such a pattern, which would make functions evolve nicely instead of becoming monstrosities with default parameters in an arbitrary order: stuff(1, 2, null, true, null, 0, array(), ' ') The fact is, it's often not the skills that get you noticed, but a unique stunt, like Atomic Tom on the train the other day, or what you did. Congrats. However, there is a way to get a lot of job offers. Just post your resume to the job boards and the employers WILL find you. Ether market yourself, or find someone who will. And definitely don't grovel! Til then, start your own business :) That's what you get when your WARNING screen looks exactly the same as a screen that a website or app can cause you to display. I have always wondered how the Mac OS password screen works (you know, the one where you are supposed to enter your system password). What if an app spoofs it? How would the user know the difference visually? It is unfortunate that copyright and patent protections exist in the form they do today. Not only is the span of copyright a complete joke (if things continue as they do now, nothing published after 1940 will ever enter the public domain) but the span of many (if not the majority) of patents is completely unreasonable given the pace of today's innovation. Example: software patents. For an industry that moves so quickly, the patent protection, which was once supposed to foster innovation by giving the inventor time to bring his invention to market without worrying about it being stolen, is now used mostly to stifle innovation by patent trolls who do not bring anything to market themselves, but just sit in wait so they can sue someone who does. The marketplace brings about authentic business models that may thrive within it when they make sense, but not forever. People have to move on and old industries must give way to new ones through the action of the market. Just as the luddites futilely tried to hold back progress during the industrial revolution, just as the printed newspapers are fighting to survive in a world increasingly dominated by democratized internet news, so too must the industries -- that once depended on copyright protection -- reinvent themselves. The record companies and publishers of the world must realize that with the new technology, the cost of publishing has gone down to pennies. And therefore, affording copyright protection or any other protection is something that may not be in the best interest of society anymore. Is this done to promote the creation of magnificent works of art (which otherwise presumably no one would undertake) or is it done to cater to the lobbying of a select few (e.g. Disney lobbying Congress to keep extending the copyright protection)? Why don't we draft an alternative proposal that fits the current times and let the people decide? I have nothing against government protections that make sense. But it seems to me that these days, such long-lived copyrights and patents are doing more harm than good. I just want to say this is an awesome post. I like it :) Well, if you'd like, check out http://youmixer.com and tell me what you would improve about it to make it viral. I'm working on another project right now, but I'm always curious how I could have made youmixer better. You can just reply on here if you want to keep your anonymity. Thanks for the feedback. I just wanted to correct you on one point: mixes have two settings: visible_to and editable_by. Only mixes that are editable by everyone fall into the category you describe. People can choose "self", "friends" or "everyone" for any mix. I think the problem is not the privacy, it's the complexity and lack of a good user flow... what was your experience going through it? Did you give up at a certain point? Was it kind of lame? I feel like I need to get a web designer and just re-design the experience. Why, is there a section where you can see all your upvotes? Oh, sorry ... you're the guy behind iconfinder :) In that case, great job! I thought you were just posting a good resource. Looks like a very useful site ... bookmarked it along with my other icon finding sites. Nice. How come "saved" isn't on my main navigation bar? Weird :) How'd you make a poll? Sorry if I'm being dense... I should correct myself: I'm not a big fan of the long terms of software patents. Judging from my particular situation as an inventor, I'd say I appreciate the protection. But I think it should expire in about a year or two, not 17 years. I personally will discuss things in the same spirit of information sharing, genuineness, common sense and helpfulness that I have before and after the karma change. I'm new to HN so I don't really even know how I'm supposed to feel about the feedback from the karma. A lot of my posts which I feel are good or important aren't receiving many points, but that's ok. If I really need something, I will ask a couple of my friends who are on HN to look at it and vote it up if they like it. Yeah, we have to build up an intuition as to how the new metrics are useful to us as commenters and a community... and in the short term I think most of us won't be affected by it at all. okay I got my first downvote. Maybe I care a little. Was this to see if I care about my karma? Okay Mr. Downvoter, tell me ... what was wrong in what I said? :) I'm hiring remote workers. But I use oDesk. I didn't understand the question. I was thinking it was a survey or something. Well, if anyone's interested, I'm always looking to connect with PHP developers and front-end people who are passionate about social applications :) Agreed. Still, I don't see why not to implement this, as it will enable me to claim my site is safer to use over wifi than other sites. Use the link at http://magarshak.com I'd like to meet the guy ;-) This is well timed, to be honest part of me wants to go there and bid just to ask Paul Graham why we didn't get into YCombinator. But, we are in NYC :) It should technically be 50,000,030 years old, from our frame of reference. If you were riding the photon, then basically time would stand completely still for you. But that is theoretically impossible... Oh sorry guys I was wrong. This is still synchronous. Here's an asynchronous way of calling N functions in a row: var callback = Pie.callback(3, function() { // do stuff }); // makes a function that counts down from 3 and when it reaches 0 calls that inner function async_thing(1, "foo", callback); some_other_async_thing(2, callback); third_thing(2, callback); Natural language can lead to contradictions and ambiguities. Just look at that star trek episode where they supposedly brought down androids built by a very advanced ancient race just by saying stupid and self contradictory things. Which by the way was a stupid premise but hey :) Aha, http://www.html5laboratory.com/working-offline.php Tim berners-lee is absolutely right. We are getting too centralized. http://myownstream.com/blog#2010-05-21 You CAN have privacy and distributed. thanks for setting the record straight. I'd argue that there is more upside in the long run. If you stop taking the investor's money it's either because your company has become profitable, or because you have been able to do a round of funding at a higher valuation. Either of these means that the investor has started to get a return on their money, which is way better than sinking their entire investment into a company that fails. Your investor can even do a partial exit at the next round, reimbursing themselves for 100% of their original investment, and still have shares left over. Shouldn't the investor incentivize the entrepreneur to do this? That numbers I posted are just an illustration. I see what you're saying about being on the board, etc. and you're right, I haven't thought that part out ... this may be a deal that's better for "passive" investors, who don't want to really have to deal with control of the company. But ask yourself, though. If you invested $200,000 into a company, wouldn't you want that company to become profitable or raise a larger round before it ran out of money? Wouldn't you be nervous if it spent $180,000 and YOU were its only hope? On the flip side, often founders need only around $20-50k before launching something. If things don't go as planned, they may need as much as $100,000 due to unforeseen circumstances. Unless you can predict the future, a range would work better than a set amount. So I think it makes sense to set aside the maximum amount of that range, but have the option of raising the second round early, before using up the whole range. The reason that the founder has to explicitly draw money on the allotted amount, is to prevent "giving back the money to the investor" when they have found a better deal, which wouldn't be fair. But I think this scheme is fair to both parties. Why exploit the inefficiency of a founder to be unable to predict the future? Make your money on the actual rise in the company's value. Would you agree? good point, I didn't think of that facebook does seem to be way more in the public mind than skype I don't know why skype doesn't enhance its product with its own social network and compete with facebook! Exactly :) Cool. I would say that that's what rabbis do. It's not hearsay, they interpret ancient scripture and tradition, some of which is more modern than others. Don't mean to get all religious on ya, but I wanted to ask here... Is there any evidence of macro-evolution having ever taken place in recorded history? I'm asking this with no agenda, but curious. As far as I know, no new species have ever been produced, despite natural or unnatural selection. So what makes us say that there is no other force or process that causes speciation? How are scientists so convinced that mutation and natural selection is all that is required, despite never having observed a single instance of speciation? To be scientific, a theory has to make some potentially falsifiable, non-obvious predictions. Then we can test those predictions, and if our experiments confirm them then the theory survives. I totally agree that the hypothesis "natural selection occurs" has been proven in ample ways (ok, maybe the white->dark->white butterflies was a bad one, but bacteria and their resistance to antibiotics is proof enough). But to form a completely new species... Species is defined as "as a group of organisms capable of interbreeding and producing fertile offspring" according to Wikipedia. Two animals are of different species if none of their offspring have ever been observed to be fertile. At least, that's a good working definition. It bothers me that scientists have been interbreeding literally thousands of generations of fruit flies and despite all selection pressures, artificial or not, were never able to produce a single new species. Sure, it's hard to try and mate every fruit fly with every other fruit fly, so maybe there were divergent species, but after a few generations, this should have revealed itself. If this is really the case, then how come we take it for granted that humans, homo erectus, neanderthals etc. were all divergent species that had a common ancestor something like 50,000 years ago? Am I way off? If you take the fruit fly lifetimes and human lifetimes, in those 50,000 years we had about as many generations as the fruit fly generations. And we got all this speciation supposedly, using nothing more than mutation and natural selection. But where is the proof? I'm not necessary arguing that one of the religions is right and there is another force. But are scientists being biased here when they simply assume there isn't any other force? It's as if I was looking at cars from the 1920s all the way up until now, and I saw gradual change, and based on this I decided that there was no designer of these cars. I don't think that follows at all. Just curious if someone knows links that can resolve this for me :) Yes, but look at what you are saying. I fully agree that bacteria, rotifers, and other creatures can pick up genes. This is incredible. In fact, they've just found bacteria that substitute entire elements, which is incredible too. What I am asking about, is the specific hypothesis: "all speciation occurred via repeated application of mutation and natural selection, and no other factors were involved" Now, I realize this would be impossible to test for ALL species, but wouldn't it be nice to have an example of at least ONE species that arose in this way through sexual reproduction? We have been breeding dogs for hundreds and thousands of years, and all of them are the same species! We have been adapting plants and never been able to create new species. Why is it so hard to do it, or it's just that we haven't tried hard enough? I'm basically taking a skeptical approach here to the hypothesis, you see what I mean? It would be nice to just call it all "evolution" and assume the results. But I'd like some proof, some falsifiable predictions that have been tested. I just looked at that section. They present three examples: flies - but they say only a "mating preference" was achieved. Well sure, there are different kinds of dogs and they probably prefer their own kind, but they are still just one species. domestic cattle - this is a non-example, as the article points out, because they are all capable of interbreeding sheep - two kinds of sheep are apparently different species. However, I would take issue with this statement: "For example, domestic sheep were created by hybridisation"... it seems inconsistent with the other one: "but the initial dates and methods of the initiation of such species are not clear". How do they know they were created by hybridisation? Yes, I have seen talkorigins before and I use this all the time when people ask "how do you prove macroevolution"? Certainly I can prove that macroevolution has taken place, if by that you mean that natural selection and mutation take place, and that the change is gradual, and topologically continuous. "A unique, historical phylogenic tree" -- this pretty much expresses that idea. But where in that paper does it talk about actual testable predictions of the hypothesis: "all speciation came about as a result of mutation and natural selection with no other factors or forces"? Each section has a "predictions" section. But notice that even if all these predictions come true 100% of the time, this does not rule out the possibility that new species of sexually reproducing organisms are created specially by God, much like new cars are created by humans, despite there being an observably continuous change through time. http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/comdesc/section5.html#specia... Look at this. We are almost there, to what I am looking for. Are these "speciation events" fitting the "mating preference" criteria or "cannot produce fertile offspring" criteria? If the latter, I am satisfied! interesting paper! Thanks, man. Now I have some good resources to refer to when people doubt speciation or macroevolution. Although this doesn't prove that all species came about through mutation and natural selection only, it does give examples of this happening. I didn't know it happened in plants. And thanks for setting the record straight on what people believe regarding our common ancestor with neanderthals. Offhand, I thought it was a mere 50k years :P Are there any hominids that split from us more recently? Like 50k? when you say artificial selection, you mean selection by humans? Then yeah. Although humans are natural too. I just mean selection by forces within nature and not an external factor Watch them start banning ISPs then, or taxing their upstream links Still, distributed DNS is great -- but we would then have to trust certificate authorities that grant certificates for a certain period of time. If the certificates never expired, then domain ownership would be forever. If they did expire, then the government could forbid a certificate issuing authority to reissue a certificate, but the effect would be much sower than banning dns. I definitely would like to control my own company. That said, my philosophy is simple: Your first company should SUCCEED. You should be prepare to give up control, equity, etc. as long as it succeeds. That gives you a track record AND money. Think about it. If you had $10 million dollars 2 years from now, and a 5% stake in your first venture, contacts lots of happy people and a reputation for succeeding with your first venture, don't you think you could own the shit out of your next company? Like 100% ownership in pretty much anything you want, with $5 million of your own money in it. You could try 30 different ideas or set up a nice lab. Wanting to own your first venture is kind of like saying this will be your only idea, ever. It might sound unproductive, but my advice to fellow entrepreneurs would be: listen to what investors want, and then give it to them. Put together a great team. Find VC firms who like to invest in your kind of thing. Develop just enough to get them interested. Set up appointments. Get funded. Exit with $10m or more in the bank. Do your own thing. Your first business can be all about the $$ exit. It seems I myself am going a different route, though. grellas - could you say whether these days founders can open a company quickly with these open sourced documents by YC or TechStars by filling in the blanks, or do they still need a lawyer to do it for thousands of $$? Sorry if this puts you on the spot, but I just wanted to know how much more needs to be done that is not covered by the standard docs. I am assuming here that the investors are your friends & family and they aren't out to do a high powered negotiation -- just want to set things up correctly and keep going. Are there any specific pitfalls that could happen if one just used standard documents and a convertible note? What do you mean? In order to get a facebook api key, you have to have created an app as a facebook user. Wow! Spock vs Batman! I never thought about it! Wow, and included motorcyclists with bombs. Move over James Bond. This is 2010. Sure, the harbor's cheap ($200/month) say but what about the Yacht itself? Probably costs more to rent than the apartment!!!! No? Cut the foreplay, TSA, we all know eventually we will have to get on the plane naked! After a good cavity search. Because, let's face it, all it takes is one bra-bomber and panty-bomber for this to become a reality. Why can't they call it LIBERATING SOFTWARE? Seriously, it's not the software that's free (as in libre), it's you, to do as you want as long as others who receive your derivative software get the same freedom. Liberating -- to bring about liberty to those who do not have it It makes much more sense than "free" software. Why not take the opportunity to have everyone exposed to the name understand exactly what it means and be more intrigued? tell me again why we NEED rebase? Well yea, but I am assuming that free software advocates are ADVOCATING for free software -- so if they call it liberating software, their task will be much much easier. What part of the world is this? How big is the boat, and where did you find it so cheap? I see yachts selling for over $500k... I am seriously considering this. Can you please point me to some links? I am in NYC. Maybe I can buy a yacht somewhere else and sail it to NYC? IMHO, a version control system shouldn't provide facilities for people to edit the history, but instead, to edit meta-information about the history. What git needs is probably a meta-history that gets aggregated during pushes. But if you wanted to see all of your own warts, you should be able to, for the philosophical reason that a VCS isn't supposed to let you "cheat". "But," you say, "I want to prepare my patch to look super-nice when I publish it to the world!" Fair enough. Then edit your meta-history since that is what the VCS will send. Right now, you can already do this in GIT by creating a specific branch and pushing only IT. Can't you? So why rebase When you publish something to the world, don't you want to take a minute to make sure it's good? You do this when pushing to production, right? Well, then why not take the same care and simply create a new branch with only the "clean" commits, and then push that branch? I don't see a need for rebase. Don't rewrite your existing history, make a new branch to push to others! Like "tags" in svn. I liked my joke. I grew up in the 90s. The shows on TV rocked. They are what influenced me to be who I am today. I feel pity for the TV programming kids had to watch in the 2000s. What happened to all the brilliant writing? Pinky & the brain? Gargoyles? Disney? Animation with more than 2 frames per minute? We just got an avalanche of inane dubbing of japanese anime. "Hey, Ash, let's go into the forest and enslave little animal-looking things in balls and make them fight! I choose you Pikachu! Yay!" The best thing to come out of the 2000s decade of children's shows is YuGiOh abridged :)) It can only get better from there. Who's with me? I think you're not talking about kids shows. TV is definitely better in general, but animated shows really, really sucked in the last decade. (I mean shows for teens and children) http://blog.movies.yahoo.com/blog/177-disney-will-stop-makin... I'm just asking, why can't you make a new branch and merge-commit every 3rd commit to it, with a better message? It would preserve the philosophical "involatility" of history. EXACTLY!!!!!!! As a side note -- can anyone here shed light as to what the GPL says with regard to developing code based on the GPL within your organization? I mean, I would want my employees to NOT necessarily go and publish intermediate stages to the world or share them with my competitors. But then again, I am restricting my employees' freedom to do so, through a non-compete contract or something else. Is this compatible with the GPL? I guess this hinges on whether the employee installing a copy of the code in their development environment counts as "distribution". Does it? All I can say is: ha ha ha. And: we need to come up with a better system for selling intellectual art these days! I thought I'd share a function that has been VERY useful to me. Maybe "CODE HN" is an interesting label ... if you wrote some code that you are proud of and think it will REALLY help your fellow hackers discover a better way to do something, maybe you can post it here as CODE HN. I'd be interested in pro tips from other hackers out there :) The original title for this was: "CODE HN: Function to take better advantage of Node.js asynchronous goodness." I'm not sure how it changed. The difference between Facebook and all the software and internet companies that preceded it, is a big one: All the other companies won because of their products, for whatever reason -- usefulness, ubiquity, etc. If someone came up with a product that had better usefulness, ubiquity, etc. then users could leave. Google leveraged network effects with publishers. A search engine to rule them all. It had publishers by the proverbial "balls" -- if they didn't play nice, Google could just delist them and they'd lose their main source of traffic. But the users were always free. Free to switch to yahoo, or bing, at the drop of a hat if they liked their search engines better. Facebook is the first company I know that has successfully pulled off the following: it has its own USERS by the balls. If you don't like facebook, you can bitch about it and even delete your facebook account, as various random people claim. And then a couple months later your friends want to share their X (pictures, notes, etc.) with you and not EVERYONE IN THE WORLD. And to do that, you have to join facebook again. Yes, facebook, because joining some other site will do no good. This works because leaving facebook is no longer as easy as making a personal choice. You now have to create more work for all your "friends" who are sharing stuff with you on facebook. "Larry, didn't you hear? I got married! Everyone came to my engagement party! It was all over facebook" "Sorry baby, I'm not on facebook anymore... I guess I'm out of the loop" This is a new ball game. Of course, facebook also has PUBLISHERS by the balls, just like Google, since it drives lots of traffic to them. But it's the first company to have users by the balls. So what if you delete your account? You are in a tiny minority. And chances are, half of you will be right back on there the minute your friends refuse to share with you anywhere else. I am just curious, what determines the front page of Hacker News? Because this post has 17 points and the one below it has 130 at this time Perhaps you shouldn't just implement ideas, you should implement technologies. And carefully map out your user flows. And then you should make sure that each conversion step actually converts in the real world. I think it's mostly because you can blame wikipedia for wanting your money, as opposed to the innocent "free" website that puts ads... at least they aren't getting your actual money LOL it's just psychology I somehow knew this would touch off a firestorm. Come on, lots of people measure people's interest in ways where they go to some page or do an action and nothing is there. True, after that, those people probably won't trust you unless they have a good reason to. But in the end of the day, you didn't really harm them and there are many more people. Look I'm not saying it's not lying. I'm saying that there are worse things in the world than sending 20 people to a page to gage their interest. did you expect a profuse apology? My biggest question is, how did he get publicity? I doubt that simply putting a project on kickstart is gonna do it. That's the kind of case study that would be really valuable for us all as entrepreneurs. I could make the coolest video in the world but I doubt Kickstarter's random traffic is enough Is there a good article on doing PR properly? I think it requires knowing people with good connections. Actually I have been toying with this idea as a new way to produce art. Books. Movies, etc. Because if take as an axiom that "once it's out there, it will be copied" then what if all the reliable money to be made was already made before the movie was released, and at the theaters, concerts, and physical books? You could follow the progress of movies and fund them if you liked what you saw. But there needs to be more incentive. Dude, there's a whole javascript engine: http://www.uselesspickles.com/triangles/ ah someone already posted it :) Wow is this the greatest # of points EVAR? well how would it get picked up? hmm, I don't visit hacker news often enough to recognize the nicknames and make friends on here would it be cool to make a tool that helps you friend people on hacker news and view their profiles? Does something like this already exist? I'm planning on incorporating something like this, but it's wayyyy in the future. Right now I am working on a distributed social network, where you own your data. That means if you are hosting it and your machine goes down, then your non-public data is inaccessible to others because your machine is the master source of authorization for who can see it and who can't. "Letting the server supply you with arbitrary Javascript code to execute doesn't really get you away from trusting the server." BINGO! That is the biggest problem with current web technology today. We need to have some kind of mechanism for delivering STATIC content, content that can be verified by independently downloading a hash from somewhere that you trust, and making sure the file is the same. This download has to happen through the browser itself, and not be initiated by javascript. Yes, I have a proposal. Similar to how we have https:// blabla, and the user agent warns us if the server's certificate is not trusted, we should have httpc:// blabla to indicate constant files. Sites all over the world can download urls from httpc:// and store hashes to them in various formats, and your user agent can trust one or more of these authorities. When downloading, it would compare the hashes against the ones downloaded from these authorities, and if there is even a small deviation, it would give you a warning just like https:// I can see this being used in app stores for the web (curating apps and various versions of apps, like Apple does) and also for secure logins. I would like someone to make guarantees that my password is not being sent in the clear to the server that I am connected to. Currently with web tech it's impossible to be sure you aren't revealing sensitive info to the server. This simple change would make possible a variety of applications that we haven't even thought of, besides these two. The point is to be able to guarantee properties of a resource that is delivered to you via the internet. Whether it contains JSON or not, you are trusting the server. With current web technology you don't have an option. distributed checksumming is what I am talking about upgrades should be done by putting the new version at a DIFFERENT url. As tim berners-lee says, cool uris don't change: http://www.w3.org/Provider/Style/URI I'm not sure if I can put the b somewhere in between the two logos, as that would introduce an ugly white space between the Q and the b. By the way, does the Q look like a chat bubble to you at all? The thing is, the ETAG and other headers are sent by the server. They may be different tomorrow. Technically we don't have to have a different scheme like httpc:// ... although it would be better to have it, because people can see at a glance the httpc:// and know that guarantees have been made (as opposed to headers having been sent). The only guarantee we need to make is that the file is constant. That is easy enough to check without even having a web of trust. Since something is constant, just add a couple of authorities on the internet to each browser, and if even one of them disagrees, show the warning. (A rogue "authority" can of course mess up someone's login screen by claiming it changed, but the similar things can be done by rogue dns servers.) Anyway once you guarantee the constant-ness, other authorities can guarantee things like "safety". And the best part is, httpc:// files should be the same to everyone, regardless of cookies, IP, etc. so ANYONE can go and verify their properties. There is NOTHING like this in user agents right now (automated verification of guarantees about a resource) but there should be!! About proposal #2 ... technically, all we would have to do to implement "topmost iframes" is to make their z-order highest in the browser renderer. Now that I think about it, flash and other commonly installed plugins that may create a window "on top of" the browser would not make clickjacking possible, since those windows receive the mouse inputs. There are two factors here which aren't mentioned in the video, that I wanted to touch on: 1) The birth rates. In countries that heavily favored male sons, and possibly had a limit on the number of children a family could have, the girls now have it better, so it's more desirable for many to have a daughter because she would grow up to have a better life. 2) We may not feel what she is talking about, being technologists and pushers of envelopes. In the fascinating article "What is good about men", which I will post later (here it is, by the way: http://www.psy.fsu.edu/~baumeistertice/goodaboutmen.htm ) a great case is made for why men are more drawn to math, hard science, computers, logical thinking quiet reflection, and most of all, risk and changing the world. The economy has changed from one where men's strength was used, to one where brains and ideas and relationships are key. When it comes to changing the world and computer programming, I would say men definitely dominate the landscape in terms of their numbers and enthusiasm (certainly there are female software entrepreneurs, but there are not that many). So from our perspective, it may seem that men are still "running the world" in a sense. But in fact, economically, women are taking over. Because most men are not computer programmers or entrepreneurs. Increasingly men are taking on jobs where they sit by a computer and typ. In the past, the vast majority of typists were women. Imagine a male secretary in the 50s! But today men seem to be evolving into two classes: the intellectuals, who work a lot, and the rest (creative, promoters, etc.) whose dynamic is very different. Less work and more play. Women working longer hours than them. I wonder if in 10 years it won't look more like the lions: the females hunt and the male eats and has sex. And the difference this time around is, birth control has been invented. Of course I am exaggerating but it is intriguing to consider where society as a whole is headed. what is the advantage of magazines having to review every new version of software? httpc:// would be used for logins and distributing software. People already publish checksums, this would just be an automatic way of verifying every file that the server claims is constant. Thanks guys for your responses. I just wanted to add a couple things: yes, if I was following what everyone else does (and the user kind of expects) then a) my service won't really stand out in this respect, which may be fine, and b) the box will be at the bottom, which means the human brain will have to look for it in a variable place, causing far less people to use it than if it was in a fixed place on top -- and causing less initial engagement with the site. If you notice, youtube did whatever they could to get popular in the beginning, and it worked for them. They were one of the first web 2.0 companies to be sold for above a billion dollars. Anyway, back to my point ... if you read email (not in gmail, but in regular email clients) then you usually have conversations in reverse chronological order. Come to think of it, I always feel I have to remind people to "read from the bottom" when I forward an email thread. So perhaps it doesn't lend itself to the best experience. This seems to suggest that the best experience is indeed: bar on the bottom, infinite scroll going up (or pagination going backwards). But now I will have the problem of drawing the user's eye to the bottom of the screen. Most chats will initially be empty, so I will just have a large empty space on the top, and a chat textbox on the bottom. What about that? Fine for IRC but not for a website, I think. Indeed, what is causing our preference for the bottom these days, that will continue to be important as physical paper, etc. won't have much bearing on chat layout? I think it is: 1) keyboards on phones are on the bottom, so as not to obscure our view of the screen, and we want that textbox to be in line with the keyboard 2) we read from top to bottom, so it is more natural to continue reading this way inter-message and not just intra-message But there is one BIG ONE that seems to really scream "newest on top" for me: On the web, things start at the top This makes sense, because they are documents. And as such, embedding chat in a document seems to demand a large empty space: most of the important site elements (header, etc.) will be on the top, and to see the input box you have to look all the way DOWN. Maybe I just need to come up with an idea to draw the eye there and make people want to type. But what? This is bollocks. I usually tell people what I'm working on, during casual conversation. I then ask them if they'd use it. I don't need false pretenses. I just need to know the likelihood a person, given experience A, would take action B. And I make it interesting for them. Why would anyone want to run Apache and Node.js? What is so special about Apache? Use nginx. And what do you mean by "with"? Just have Node listen on a different port, what's the big deal about this? If you are designing a new site, and you are concerned about performance, I would strongly suggest serving static (read: cacheable for a whole day) files which include javascript which talks to Node on a port. Then, who cares what the port is, as long as it works? On the other hand, if you are integrating Node with existing code, say PHP, then use TCP sockets behind a firewall, or Unix sockets for communication. Right, when I was doing a math Ph.D my specialization was numerical optimization. One of the first classes was numerical linear algebra. Of course you shouldn't be inverting a matrix if you don't have to. But this is basic stuff you can read in any numerical linear algebtra textbook. do you mean it's a problem for browsers or for the servers? But to really anonymize the traffic and make sure it is not censored, don't we also need to make it a hard problem to find the originating node or track a session? Given the network topology it may be easy to track down the computers used to transmit the IP packets. Okay but I am assuming that most web servers are not run from users' private computer networks, but from dedicated data centers, or somewhere in "the cloud". But yea I agree if you want node to listen on port 80 then you either forward certain URLs to it (using nginx this is easy), or or you just get another IP to point to the same machine, which is probably better. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-rq4HDwY9Mc Sure, that is fine. You can give away your copy to someone else. However no one who did not buy the book directly from me can become an affiliate. The system still works like an MLM scheme with a $0 cost per item. The point of this hack is to prompt a rethinking of the copyright law, by testing what happens when it is used to create an MLM scheme that has all the economics of a pyramid scheme: You simply make an ebook, sell it, have an affiliate program whose only condition is to buy the book, and make it a multi-level affiliate program. Here is the question: is the proposed scheme LEGAL (as I believe it is) because of the law's current thinking about copyright licensing, or is it ILLEGAL, because its economics are exactly the same as those of a pyramid scheme (minus the initial cost of making the copyrighted work), and thus may have the same undesirable consequences? And if it should be illegal, then let's trace it back to WHY copyright enables it to be legal. the license is the good, but thanks to our old friend the COPYRIGHT system, the license is treated as a bona fide product that you sell. After all, copying is stealing right? :) Don't pirate my ebook!! Does that sound the same as: You simply make an ebook, sell it, have an affiliate program whose only condition is to buy the book, and make it a multi-level affiliate program. Yes, the only difference is that to become an affiliate, you must first buy a book, making it an MLM scheme. But since the cost of producing and delivering an extra copy of your book is essentially zero, we have created a legal system with the same economics as a pyramid scheme. Right? So is it legal? It says there: "pyramid schemes — also referred to as franchise fraud or chain referral schemes — are marketing and investment frauds in which an individual is offered a distributorship or franchise to market a particular product. The real profit is earned, not by the sale of the product, but by the sale of new distributorships. Emphasis on selling franchises rather than the product eventually leads to a point where the supply of potential investors is exhausted and the pyramid collapses." in this case there is a real product, even though each extra copy costs $0 secondly, we can't really prove one way or the other -- after all the ebook might be useful for some people, who is to say the "real" profit is earned by selling the option to be an affiliate and not the product, since you get both at the same time and thirdly, ANY copyrighted work needs to be bought only once if the user keeps the copy in good condition, so the supply of potential buyers will be exhausted and sales of the book will diminish as the market is saturated Thanks, good ideas. Do you think the proposed business scheme I said is legal or not? When I was 19-20, I helped this great fellow Dr. Eisenstadt, a retired professor from Brooklyn College, self-publish his books for his family and friends. At the time he had a lot of files in WordPerfect for DOS, and I had to (basically manually) get them into Word somehow, clean up the formatting, and fix up some of the few spelling mistakes it found. At first he balked that he had spelling mistakes... he had very few, but then he saw they were there, he was happy :) Anyway, he loved to write about America and particularly Carnegie. So through formatting his book I learned a lot about Carnegie -- the guy came from nothing, and he was truly active. Check this out: http://bit.ly/fDMBd9 Perhaps it is oversimplistic, but it seems to me that the copyright law makes a category error - it equates a license to make a copy with an actual "product" with resale value - even though there is an unlimited supply of it, and in doing so, makes the MLM scheme totally legal. Here is why the puzzles can be very effective, especially for a company in no hurry to hire: 1) The people who submit them are most likely interested in your company, took the time to solve the problem, and have a mind that works well. That already saves a lot of time screening people you wouldn't want for those top positions. 2) It attracts other smart people because you wouldn't refer puzzles to stupid people -- notice how we posted it on Hacker News. On a similar note, if you google for Node.js like I did, you'll find a sponsored result from Meebo offering you to apply to their "secret jobs!" -- because not just anyone searches for Node.js, but rather people who are interested in the new technology, which they are probably using or looking into. 3) Psychology -- people feel like they want something they worked towards. They committed time to facebook, so they will take it more seriously, and when someone from facebook talks to them, and asks them about their background AFTER solving the puzzle, they will feel a sense of accomplishment and engage back. 4) Notice how many of these puzzles have specified the exact outputs. They can screen the initial applicants with an automated test suite to see how well they did. Cheapest first round candidate evaluation ever :) 5) The puzzles are hopefully related to the kinds of architectural and social challenges they actually have to solve at facebook, so this prepares the candidate for that kind of thinking. If the candidate doesn't like thinking in this way, perhaps it's better to find out as early as possible, and before even SPEAKING to the candidate is pretty early! If anything I would definitely set this kind of thing up for the top (architectural, etc.) development positions at facebook. They were recently named the best place to work at in 2010, so they can afford to do this. How come people can pirate Chuck Norris movies, given what they say about him? It seems impossible. Chuck Norris doesn't type, he thinks. And the internet comes together. You know the stuxnet worm? That was chuck norris randomly mashing some keys. I personally have no problem with the language he uses here. For a non-technical audience, this is just fine. And it's technically correct and not misleading at all. Just take out the "runs everything in parallel" and replace it with "is able to handle more requests and events while it's waiting for slower operations to complete, such as a database query, whereas in the traditional model, each request is handled by a dedicated process, which must wait for each database query to complete before issuing the next one" Exactly. It's not about being faster than other Javascript engines, it's about compiling down to Machine code, and being way faster than all the other scripting languages. Unless you use Java, C, C++, etc you would do better with Node.js That's fine if you are running a 16-core machine with 16GB of ram, isn't it? Just have one Node.js process per core. Argh, I was afraid of that. Can we have something that is a hybrid of refcounting and stop-the-world GC? I read some nice academic paper a few years ago about how people made a GC that combined the benefits of refcounting and stop the world. While Google's customers ARE the advertisers and their first priority is to make sure they are protected, Google would sit up and do something if more website PUBLISHERS would complain. It's a business. However, as a practical issue, I fail to see any practical reason to disable the guy's revenue from YouTube videos, based on clicks from an unrelated site. Just stop counting the clicks on the site, Google! Paul Allen is taking advantage of the law. There is nothing really wrong with that. If you think the law is wrong, then let's work to try to change it. I personally find these intellectual property monopolies to be more menace than good. Especially the 17-year-long patents for SOFTWARE! Even if they were not vague. Even if he described in intricate detail exactly how a newsfeed works, or a search engine works in 1990, say. And you look at the patent and go WOW, HE TOTALLY DESCRIBED WHAT GOOGLE DOES. If he didn't build any technology to implement it, if he didn't struggle with the development, with scaling, attracting users, building a market, then do you think it's fair for Google to just pay him for merely describing something to the US Patent Office and then keeping it secret? This hampers competition. This is not good. It's not Paul Allen we should be complaining about. After all, the patent law makes Intellectual Ventures and Interval Licensing very good ideas as companies. Their business plan is exactly that -- describe some things, then wait a few years, and go litigate. Who says a law is wrong, unfair or immoral? Certainly not the legislators. Even if it is, taking advantage of the law might still not be unfair or immoral. If anything, it will highlight that the law needs to be changed. yo mark, congrats. So what are your next steps? Grab an advertising network quick and throw it on there for now. Now that's what I'm talking about! Patents were originally intended to encourage investors in a time when bringing a product to market could take years. In the software industry, that assumption is, to put it mildly, totally off. Therefore, in the software industry, granting someone a 17 year monopoly on an idea just encourages another, destructive type of strategy that hurts the entire industry: PATENT TROLLING. Seriously, it is a legal strategy to describe something to the government, wait a few years and then go after the people who actually BUILT IT (even if they came up with it independently, as long as they can't prove they came up with it before you described it in a patent application). That's BULL CRAP. You didn't do anything except write some paper. If you're good at it, you don't even need a lawyer. And you get to collect money from the hard work of others. On the other hand, I feel that if you DID write a patent, AND you tried to make it work, AND you are succeeding, you SHOULD be able to prevent your competitors from just copying what you did. But not for 17 years. For two years at most! It is in this latter sense that the patent system is great. I'd get a provisional patent over an NDA anyday. Because it's more legally enforceable. Say a company meets with me and I tell them the idea. First of all I don't have to require them to sign any NDA. Secondly, suppose they say, "nice idea, we are going to do it ourselves". I can tell them, "I have a provisional patent, and I will sue your ass in 2 years." Or I can tell them NOTHING, go ahead and convert it to a real patent (probably $5k out of my pocket) and go sue them 2 years later. Not 17 years later. This, I don't mind. They wanted to screw me by stealing my idea, they got burned. This will encourage companies to NOT screw individual investors and actually decide if they want to wait 3 years before making this, or work with the inventor. With NDAs, there is no way to prove anything. I spoke to Bobby, and they signed an NDA. Then, Charlie Inc. comes out with my product. I didn't make Charlie, Inc. sign anything, and Bobby doesn't have the $5 million dollars to pay me, and I can't prove he told anything to Charlie, Inc. OOPS. That's what software patents should protect against. That's it. They currently do, but we don't need 17 years of that kind of protection! Agreed, however there is something to be said about giving incentives to the little guy. Basically what entrepreneurs who are just starting out think NDAs should do, but better. Say you come up with a great new idea in software. And you want to make an agreement with someone to implement this idea. Without patents, they can have "their uncle's company in China" to do the idea (think CrunchPad), rename it to avoid any trademark issues, and screw you. How would you protect against this? This issue faces almost every inventor of an idea, as they will have to make business agreements with someone. Thus, although you would be encouraging free flow of information within the tree, you would be cutting off a large source of it -- individual inventors. Patents won't be going away because it's hard to distinguish between the above example, and a patent troll. Thank you! I was just writing about this: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2039527 Well, it's hard to distinguish where to draw the line between a good faith attempt to execute an idea -- failing because a competitor outright copied it in 2 days, and patent trolling. That's why unless we figure out how to distinguish this effectively, either patents get abolished in software or they persist. Personally I did invent something that's relatively easy to copy. How would a big company ever agree to buy what I made when they can just copy it? It's called a creative commons attribution license. Personally if we operated under the assumption of "once it's released, it's gonna get copied" then entertainment would be released in a completely different fashion. In the first example, who cares that you are able to get 2-3 thousand users, eventually facebook comes out with it and launches to 500 million users simultaneously, you are unable to advance, and your 2-3k eventually go away. Yeah, I remember this result. I saw Kasparov before his match with Deep Blue (my dad knows him). I wish there was a rematch against him and computer. And it's true, process is very important -- not just in chess but elsewhere. And so is making use of human creativity! I agree, but I think you feel that way because AS3 really implements the ECMA standard, with classes and all. What about it do you like besides having classes? There is also a good sitcom skit. See "how I met your mother". Man, I don't know what episode. I think the one where he breaks up with robin, grows a breakup beard and says, "You're suited up, I'm bearded down..." see all the styles they got out of just one shaving session! :) Congratulations man! I remember back to the days when you made the flash for this: http://seethewall.com :) :) You have come a long way. Now listen -- I know how much you hated high school, but college is the time when you make all the social connections that will last you for the next 10 years! (And some of them, well, a lifetime.) It is probably where you are going to meet the people who will help you meet your wife. Well, maybe not directly, but she'll definitely get a sense of your social group when your friends are making her have a great time and regaling her with their crazy stories about you. And so .... REMEMBER Do not treat college as a preparation for a lifetime of serfdom. Instead, treat college as a social opportunity! Oh and one more thing -- do your studying done early and go out :) hey mark I'm glad you designed avecora front page now - explains very well what it does and I support it I like that idea so much that actually I have been working on a social network doing just that. And it's gonna come out before 2013 :P Sorry :) Better hurry up! how? I am going to get organized by using project management tools, make sure the finances are in place for my company to operate comfortably, so I have lots of time to meet with people and create new opportunities. And hopefully that will free up more time to spend with the people that matter to me the most. no, I think that phrases represent the prevailing sentiment and are meant to express what many people feel. People used to write unique poetry to you if they were in love with you. THAT is something I wish would come back. But stock phrases - I like too. I thought he said he does it with javascript! does this thing actually compute the rendered coordinates properly, as a browser would? Can I load jquery and call offset() ? So what do you hope to accomplish if you do these resolutions? Really, YES. Half of the stuff I want to test is that the right stuff is showing up in the right place. Why, what would you want to test? that's an unexpected interpretation of what I wrote I disagree with the article's sentiment. I'm glad the web is focusing on Javascript. Here's why: the web is a nice, text-based environment that is safe to execute on your computer. Each web resource may contain active scripts but they are pretty innocuous. Native applications are binary and can do all sorts of nasty things. Sure, this sandbox is supposed to be safe, but what if it's not? When an application is delivered over the web, one should really make sure that it wasn't somehow changed or sabotaged. Right now this is impossible. At the very least, this proposal would have to be implemented so we can trust what is being downloaded: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2024164 Here is what I suggest: native libraries should expose their objects to javascript, which should do the majority of the work. Kind of like PhoneGap does on the phones. These native libraries (like OpenGL, say), should be served from cdns over httpc:// and the user agent can verify that they are safe after downloading them. Because ECMAScript turned out to be pretty awesome, and is now the de facto standard on the web. If you don't like Javascript, your best alternative right now is to make a language that compiles into it. Take whatever "nice" features you want. Here was my crack at it: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2044752 Can you tell me how this is different from, say, Java? The fact that you are happy to run arbitrary binary code that was compiled for a specific platform? So now we are supposed to "write once compile everywhere" like C++, and then ship that to platforms? That is not in the spirit of the web AT ALL. If you want Java, at least THAT is write once, RUN anywhere. And why isn't running Java more seamless? I think answering THAT will be helpful to the original discussion. Think of it this way: Flash, Java, Javacript, et al are great for the web because they are "write once, run anywhere". The same source code runs everywhere. That is what the web is all about. HTML and CSS are not scripting languages and they are also "write once, run anywhere". That is how the web delivers your programs. Now, what will your Native Client do? It will have COMPILED code for ONE platform. Like in C++ where you "write once, compile everywhere". Except you probably won't be able to compile everywhere. The point of the web is that any platform should be able to run your app. On the other hand, I can see Native Client as being useful for extension libraries. You know, like PhoneGap plugins. The Javascript can test if the object is there, and if it is, use some standard interface. You could build up a standard library of these. As long as it is available on a wide enough range of platforms. Certain APIs are already exposed by the browser, through HTML5, that were originally in Google Gears. Look, I agree that it's more of a philosophical thing, and indeed you are welcome to make an extension for Mozilla and all the other browsers. But the security risks alone will make this a tough sell to INCLUDE in a browser -- harming the spirit of the web. Not only that, but the web is totally against "favoring one platform over another" ... it is BECAUSE of the web that the platforms are able to work better together. Hey, so what you are basically saying is, "the best computer algorithms in the world" (you know, Google has like > 578690 Ph. D's) are not good enough to have effective search, so we should introduce the human element. Fair enough. There is the Open Directory Project (which is pretty old) and of course there is Facebook, Twitter, and other, human-curated services. Starting a whole new company to do search and compete with Google (and Bing)? Seems like a waste of time as Google can just copy what you are doing and incorporate it into its already massive site (complete with traffic, audience, and lots of other goodies). Instead, why not get Google to add more social recommendation and feedback features? facebook I am hiring remote workers who know Javascript and jQuery extremely well. They would have to do jQuery, jQuery Mobile and Node.js . http://magarshak.com/contact very true. Hopefully I'm not just being bigoted because I am Russian, but I have worked with Russian speaking guys (Ukraine is great also) and I have to say that they care about the product quality. They often pushed back on my feature requests and forced me to discuss them until they were convinced the feature would be good. They want to make apps THEY want to use. At least, get the ones that DO that. You know, I am starting to think more and more that copyright should ALLOW peer-to-peer sharing but not republishing. That's where the line should be drawn. There should be a clear definition of publishing, e.g. serving content upon request to anyone immediately on demand. That way, if the authorities can download something copyrighted from a public source which is not the original author, they can go prosecute that source. Just a thought. Ideas? really, so you would be totally OK if someone copied your article and slapped their name on it, or took your fictional characters and wrote some stories where they are made to be the scum of the earth? This is ridiculous. First of all what about the ATOM format? I don't think it's dying. Anyway, why not simply have an RSS plugin / extension as some have suggested? You can do this in all the browsers. too bad it's not the case for many other people :) Sorry man, I like architecting things. And as a result, I now have a framework that will help me crank out lots of stuff, instead of that one-off project. I really like this article. Yes, if Google can pull off AI solutions like cars that drive themselves and appliances that cook for you (all are pretty straightforward problems that can be solved with programming) then they will really OWN. The problem with the former is the huge liability risk. When a car's breaks fail, we blame the car manufacturer. Imagine if a car crashed, or caused some sort of accident -- any accident! The blame would rest solely on Google's shoulders, whereas right now it's split between the driver and the car. The guy got it wrong. If a company wants to bring ANOTHER merchant into the mix, AFTER the transaction has been concluded, it can’t just send my info to them, I have to send it myself. That's what the bill says. Amazon and ClickBank are just fine. The question I have is, how does this affect virtual currencies and systems where I pay money to the initial merchant and they turn around and pay someone else (such as PayPal)? yeah besides the "and because we love you!," I liked the visual clarity of the second email. Let's face it. We scan emails visually for clues as to what to read next. The step 1, etc. was much easier to comprehend, and the intro was two lines. That's what made the email great. no no, I don't mean stealing someone's cookie through some kind of Man-In-The-Middle attack. I mean impersonating someone else simply by logging in and then changing some javascript variables before posting to the server. So how do these third party authentication systems protect against this pretty straightforward javascript way of circumventing the authentication? Anyone know? This doesn't rank high on the "cruel" factor. It is more resourceful (and hard work to pull off) than cruel. To me, the second guy who pretended to be the hunk, got inside info and then got the woman on a date seems to have used a much more creepy strategy. Why? Because he lied TO THE PERSON HE IS SEEING. The denial of service wasn't lying to the person he is seeing. It is lying to all the other dudes. Which is just fine. Lots of guys are COMPETING for the same girls, and in a competition like that, you don't necessarily have to play fair. I see this more as using intelligence to get a leg up on the competition, and frankly, the only reason why he wouldn't want to confess this to her -- is NOT that he would seem like a lying creep -- but because it would highlight the fact that he wouldn't be able to get her otherwise. As if girls never do a "denial of service" attack to guys when they are competing for the same guy. Like not inviting their hotter friend along when they are first meeting each other. PS: Do you find Hitch (the character in the movie) a creepy liar? fine, but if I am making a third-party authentication service, how do I prevent the users of that service from being bamboozled by simple javascript? How does facebook prevent a website from being bamboozled? Is there any technique that facebook can recommend (such as signing the uid and sending the signature along with the id on all server requests) so that the website isn't fooled? how is this different from 99designs? if you put it that way ... ok :) No, that's not what I am asking. And I am very familiar with how to combat XSS and CSRF, having written a PHP framework that does it for you out of the box, among other things ( http://phponpie.com ) I am asking another question. If I am operating an OpenID provider, say Auth.com, and CoolStuff.com uses me to authenticate a user, then they can use that session. Great. But now let's say I operate an OAuth provider, and it releases this user's uid, first_name and last_name. What measures does facebook and other OAuth providers take to prevent the uid, first_name, last_name and other data from just being changed by the user in javascript, before being posted to the CoolStuff.com servers, after they have been obtained using Javascript ... such as FB.api('fql.query', ...) so what you are saying is that coolstuff.com's servers must always look for a signature from auth.com when they are accepting user data, they cannot trust the user input. That makes sense. So does facebook connect, google, etc. have this? I assume not. I'm sure it worked on his machine... :P believe it or not, many dating sites start off exactly this way. So first of all, this guy was no more cruel than the creators of the dating site. It won't render dating sites useless, only FREE dating sites. And yes many of them are already littered with fake bots. Secondly, I didn't say it wasn't cruel at all. I was saying that this guy lied to OTHER GUYS, and not to the object of his affection. It's like walking into a bar, showing up all the other guys, and getting the girl. Many of them, if given the chance, would have done the same to him. And finally ... sometimes even "lying" to the girl (or rather playing / flirting with her) can be charming. See Hitch the movie as he gets the girl in one of the early bar scenes, when she is surrounded by guys, by getting her all emotionally riled up and chasing him ... right out of the group of guys. She appreciated his efforts. That's it? That sucks. I don't have to change the token. I just have to change the data given by facebook (including the uid) before the website's dumb javascript uses it in a post back to the server. Since it's not signed by Facebook, how can the website's server trust the uid? Never trust your user input. To me, its not just about lazy registration. It's about the mindset of the user when you ask them to do something. For example, when they have created some content and want to save it, that is the time to ask for email/password. It works better because of the implication: you are saving their work. I am not talking about interacting with their API. Facebook returns a uid. When the user takes an action, this uid is sent to the server. The server trusts the uid, and saves this action as taken by the user identified by this uid. And let's say it's not the uid. Let's say it's the user's name. It trusts the user input basically. But it should probably be getting it directly from facebook, or in a signed structure, right? This is a great site to learn languages. http://rosettacode.org/wiki/Main_Page Sometimes, all I want is to look at choice "phrases" in the language, and learn that way. Maybe some minimal comments to illustrate side effects or concepts, but no text other than that. Just have at it. The fastest way to learn a language IMHO relies more on the order of presented phrases than anything else. Yes, this is very true. See http://myownstream.com/blog#2010-05-21 ;-) I disagree that "college students are irrationally risk averse". College students are just students whose parents care that they get a nice career out of college. The brand name and perception of companies therefore dictates where most of them go. When asked, "so what did you end up doing after college?" most college kids, at least subconsciously, want to be able to say "I am working for great company X" and have the listener know what they are talking about. That listener is typically their family. Thus if you want more college kids to join startups, you should make it attractive to their families to do so. You'll still have the brand problem, but maybe the word "startup" will be like the word "wall street" ;-) Yep, this is why an interest graph is important. Look out for freemeet.com soon :) Congratulations! Flightcaster seems like an awesome execution. Now I'm excited to see what you have planned... even though Woven is ambitious, you have the track record to pull it off! yeah, you just insert your records in the only order you'd ever want to get them out I still like the basic premise -- leveling up etc. Very nice! I think I got to level 35 or so I just didn't let the baddies get close ... but once you let them in an little they start shooting letters at you Very nice! I think I got to level 35 or so I just didn't let the baddies get close ... but once you let them in an little they start shooting letters at you I would hardly say there are only seven. http://techcrunch.com/2011/01/07/10-business-models-that-roc... Really, Yahoo Finance writer? I can't reveal my pet's name on the internet, or my birthdate, because my bank has bad security? I would say that the real problem is using stupid questions like that as "security questions". Sarah Palin's account was cracked this way. Anyone who has ever seen my house or tries a brute force attack with common pet names will be able to enter. And then there's this: http://xkcd.com/792/ Do yourself a favor -- when you see a security question like "What is your favorite pet's name", pretend they asked something else, like "What do you like to have for breakfast" and answer that instead, for every security question! The trick is not to answer the question they're asking you. Think of something permanent like "who was your favorite teacher in high school" and stick to that for EVERY question. makes me want to say "and a partridge in a pear tree" On a more serious note, this seems to be the likely explanation to me: "With birds and fish relying on it to travel to breeding grounds and warmed climes, there are fears that the shifting pole could be confusing the animals which means they do not migrate in time to avoid cold weather." Now that the iPhone is on the Verizon network, the competition with Android will heat up. Until now, Apple had to field unnerving questions about the total # of Android units sold vs iPhone units sold. But there was always a very relevant factor holding it back: to get the iPhone in the US, you had to be on AT&T. Until now. Now that the iPhone is no longer married to AT&T and will be offered by Verizon as well, millions will flock to get it. Now we can truly answer the question: do more people like the iPhone than Android phones? My prediction: yes. Okay, it's still not a fair fight, but at least the iPhone is now on the two BIGGEST carriers, which means that it's less handicapped than before :) Something tells me that if the iPhone was neck-and-neck with the Android phones for a while, now it will outpace them. ONE COMPANY beating a combined set of companies based on brand and quality (rather than lock-in effects). Go Apple! They used to be used for floppy disks and other such things! In fact they started in DOS. Ah, remember the days? I do... b because I'm 27. Anyone here started programming with QBasic? I really tried to make something useful to people on the iPhone, hopefully I succeeded. But now I'm not sure what to do. Do any iPhone veterans here have some good advice for how to promote it? Brilliant, I like how this is a spoof of what Google is doing with h264 . Of course, facebook's been doing this the whole time and it's been pissing people off, but most of those people were developers who signed on to this ever-changing environment. Deprecating a format that most people use is a little harsh. On the other hand, it is once again a symptom of intellectual monopoly protected by the government. Apple can charge people for the codec, and google won't have it. Makes sense. I would like to highlight this fact. A lot of the problems we are encountering are symptoms of intellectual monopolies (as Thomas Jefferson preferred to call it) granted by the government. The activities of the RIAA, Interval Licensing, pharma companies, and Disney may grab headlines, but they are perfectly viable in a system that is set up to grant, and then go to great lengths to enforce, copyright and patent protection. How can we in the west criticize China's "zi-lu" laws, discount Baidu and Tencent for following their country's laws (see http://www.quora.com/Why-does-Facebook-get-so-much-more-hype... ) but at the same time pass laws like this: https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2010/04/u-k-passes-internet-di... and this: http://www.zeropaid.com/news/91378/feds-seize-domain-names-o... Seems due process goes out the window when copyright is involved. The same western nations that are against censorship of the internet in China, censor the internet as soon as copyright comes up. I am not sure this situation is very stable -- something has to change. I really tried to make something useful to people on the iPhone, hopefully I succeeded. But now I'm not sure what to do... Do any iPhone veterans here have some good advice for how to promote it? The iPhone does have support for groups but there is no way to manage them on your phone. It's read-only. You have to do it on your mac. I like to manage my contacts on my phone. Like when I meet a new person I can just add them to a group right there, without having to go on my computer just to do it. Also this app lets you do other stuff: * send a mass message to all people in a certain group * even do relational algebra on the selections, so you can pick Friends who are not in Family, and message only those * set reminders to follow up with certain people etc. I just needed an app like this myself, so I tried to make something I myself would want to use day in / day out. I think it would help a lot of people -- seriously, why do you need to go to your COMPUTER to manage your cellphone contacts? Thanks. I'll start with the smaller sites and build it up then :) Question: do you get 50 more promo codes every time you update? I felt the same way, but thankfully Javascript lets you write really cool things that handle the flow of your code in ways that correspond to the way you think of it. I encourage you to check out http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2101789 ... with those functions javascript will be pleasant again. If they are outraged that Mark executed the idea instead of them, they they are implying that they're capable of starting a website like facebook and making it super-popular, like facebook. Why don't they just take the money they won and do that with some other idea? There is plenty of stuff to do, as we all know on this board. It would look much better to everyone if they showed what they are capable of. Eduardo Saverin is funding some pretty interesting ventures. Otherwise it looks like they're admitting this was their one and only big idea. Where would you fit Node.js here? I think it's a purely evented model. There's one process and it's just done via events. Although I/O is handled largely by queues/buffers and thread pools. Evented pretty much gets rid of the need for locking and critical sections. At the cost of eking out a bit more efficiency vs the actor model, and the danger of getting stuck in a slow/infinite loop of code. This likely happens when a page was the top result but then got re-spidered. Google probably keeps the old rank for a while, even though the content has changed. Thanks, this is another illustration of my point that I often make. Intellectual monopoly needs to be re-addressed. Venture capital firms are definitely taking note of the seed stage opportunities. From what little I know about the VC business, I believe the problem isn't that the money doesn't scale to make lots of small investments. The problem is that people's time doesn't scale. Fred Wilson can't keep up with all his emails, and adding more people to the firm isn't going to solve the problem. On the other hand, although having a public "VC" firm like a public stock market would solve this problem in a great way ("invest in the startups you're interested in"), the SEC enforces laws to prevent willy-nilly selling shares to the public (blue sky laws an all that). Makes sense. So that's why we have sites like KickStarter and I think you will see a lot more of that kind of thing going on to fund entrepreneurs in the next 5-10 years. Which is a good thing, IMHO. I have a few ideas along these lines, but no money to execute them at the moment. They are fairly simple but have a lot of moving parts, involving lawyers, settings things up, etc. If anyone is curious as to my ideas about improving seed funding for everyone, contact me at my email address. http://magarshak.com/contact . Especially if you work at a VC firm and want to spin something off like this :) I've been developing Facebook Connect applications for a long time, and I'm wondering - hasn't facebook had this feature already for email addresses? One of the permissions read: "Send me email" (optional: send through a facebook proxy) So now, you can also let the apps know phone number through the graph? I don't find that too big of a step. CAN-SPAM still applies. Perhaps they should set up proxies for the phone number, though. What I find more funny is that ReadWriteWeb writes: "Thankfully, this sort of information cannot be shared via your friends' careless actions, unlike other profile information." which is in direct opposition to the attitude that blogs had on the same issue when Google complained that facebook was "trapping your contacts" by not letting you export them. Now they are thankful facebook doesn't do this :) US and Britain to China: "your censorship of the internet is evil!" Then when copyright gets involved... Britain passes https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2010/04/u-k-passes-internet-di... http://www.zeropaid.com/news/91378/feds-seize-domain-names-o... The same western nations that are against censorship of the internet in China, seem to even drop due process as soon as copyright comes up. I am not sure this situation is very stable -- something has to change. Similarly with patents. I'm glad the media is waking up when China gets involved :) I applied. Didn't make it to the interview, was kind of disappointed because I heard great things about YC. Anyway it didn't really put a damper on the project :) Yeah but how did you log into Disqus using Facebook? I guess the 2008 policy for 4th party widgets isn't in effect anymore? That's fine, but also... how does DISQUS get around Safari's 3rd party cookie problem? I guess they don't... Yeah, I wouldn't want to run my company like this: re: surprise at lack of QA or automated unit tests — “most engineers are capable of writing bug-free code. it’s just that they don’t have an incentive to do so at most companies. when there’s a QA department, it’s easy to just throw it over to them to find the errors.” It does explain how facebook ships with bad documentation etc. -- well, now we have enough knowledge to know how to compete with it :) Kasparov often remarked how a good process is more important than the actual participants. An average human and pretty good computer with a great system won the championship against great computers and against great grandmasters. Google believes in this, and their products are very well engineered, with full documentation, videos etc. (although admittedly, many haven't taken off). Yahoo definitely understands this. But these are the same companies that are losing to facebook because of social. If google and yahoo understood the dynamics of social, we would all be better off. lol nice. I realized quickly that the input doesn't really seem to matter. I put in the same input ("xxxxxxxxxxxx") and got just random headlines. But funny nevertheless :) Startups: How I Closed My First Round of Financing In 34 Seconds Using Only A Rusty Can of Beans I am impressed by the amount of press coverage Mark got :) I personally like the idea of an application "unlocking" itself every time based on a hash of its binary. You would have to find all the places these hashes are computed -- if you missed even one place, you wouldn't be able to unlock the app. Of course, such an app could still be cracked -- as could any app... because all you have to do is 1) purchase a legitimate copy and enter a fake name 2) take a snapshot of a working, unlocked app 3) remove all the code that cripples that state The only way to really prevent cracking of apps that run locally is either challenge-response dongles or requiring people to provide a strongly verified identity in order to unlock the app (that way the cracker can't distribute the app without compromising the identity of the original buyer). And that is just too inconvenient for the actual buyers. Once again, security at the price of convenience. I like this advice - and these guys' website, with their cool offer. Anyone tried them out before? good point! You need some functionality though where the response can't just be memoized by the crack. What could it be? But how is disqus able to store the fbs_ cookie which is returned, under safari? this works for IE, but what about safari? In my case, the fbs_APPID cookie isn't being set instead I get this: http://grab.by/8rmQ does anyone know why these cookies are being set? the PHP library doesn't seem to work with those. What if I offer you 61%? :) Here is what I am doing. I am calling FB.init and FB.login , after a click so that the popup window shows up. You can see it live here: http://qbix.com Now, if you go and put it in an iframe (try it with jsfiddle.com or something), then in every browser except Safari and IE, it works: the popup shows up, and after I click Allow, the fbs_ cookie gets placed. In IE, I think I can easily make it work by sending a cool P3P header so IE can save cookies. In Safari, I can make cookes be saved by first posting into that frame. In your jsfiddle or page or whatever, make a form with method="post" and target="thatframename" and then submit() that form using javascript. Now the cookies should be set for my domain, right? Yes, but now open up the Developer console on safari, and click "Storage". Watch what gets saved. A bunch of weird cookies by facebook. On every other browser, the fbs_ cookie gets saved but here we get a bunch of weird cookies. Why? How can I get the fbs_ cookie saved so I can make calls to my server and have the user authenticated properly? See what I mean? Technically, it's not illegal to sell a GPLed application. The GPL attempts to confer true freedom to whoever has the code. They may do anything with it... except one thing: they can't make it (or any derivative version of it) non GPL and take away the freedom from whoever else gets the code. The question is, should people be prevented from charging money for something that is GPLed and someone else can get it for free? I guess the answer is no. After all, if these guys aren't violating the GPL, anyone can download the program and then offer it on Amazon for a dollar, undercutting them. The real question is, can you make restrictive trademarks etc. around a fork of a GPLed product? I think you are legally allowed to. In this case, you can actually go after people who try to undercut you, on trademark grounds. And if that is the case, you will get a bunch of people who don't realize that there is a free version called something else. Business opportunity for unscrupulous people right there! Heh... they can claim to give "support" for their trademarked version of the program. Of course, if the original software is licensed under MIT, BSD or something that doesn't enforce propagation of the license, then the person selling a fork of the program can do whatever they want. This happens all the time. I guess the answer is basically this: under case law and statutory law, the person can resell one copy of it for any price if they have never been exposed to the license. However, the judge/jury may not believe that is likely. They may invoke some tort or delict saying that you should at least look at a work's license before selling it to someone else. In any case, you cannot make a copy of the product and must resell the original product which you bought, due to copyright law. Personally, I don't think copyright models reality really well, so there will be lots of these problems. In the spirit of collaboration, let's see if we can make a good resource! I personally need this because I will have to make a site for our company's iPhone applications. I feel there are two fundamentally different types of website -- one to promote a product, the other is about being a community in itself. They have different goals and different visual designs. There are some designs I really like, such as gist.com ... so I put them up there. Do you know any great examples of effective product website designs? What about social website designs? What do they get right? Don't say it here, put it in the doc, please! We could all use it. It's licensed under MIT X11 license to anyone to do with as they wish. thank you :) Nah I am not that guy. I just like gist because of the product and I like the site. But what I would really like is more examples of site LIKE that, with large spaces across the top and calls to action. Steven bao makes pretty nice use of that design. Maybe I should put wufoo.com there Could it be ... P = NP? Most people suspected otherwise. Someone should really verify his algorithm on various SAT sets. But I have to say that his approach is very good and humble... he suggests he may have solved the problem -- but it is up to us to verify! I'd like to follow this further, so I bookmarked it via an upvote. I was half expecting this website to rick-roll me. But I can see how it would be viral. Of course, that would mean that a total of 2933894 hours every day will be spent as this website commands. And THEN you can unleash a rickroll! We here talk about the internet, mobile, geo and all this cool stuff... but after reading more about the NASA's recent discovery that the magnetosphere has been breached (by an unusual event, too -- the magnetic fields were ALIGNED when the breach occurred, which flies in the face of what scientists know right now, it seems) -- I am pretty worried that everything we take for granted right now is at risk. Including electrical power lines, and worldwide communications systems. Anyway, the link I posted may seem dubious, but it in fact seems to describe the situation pretty accurately. By itself, a solar flare is not a big deal: http://www.universetoday.com/14645/2012-no-killer-solar-flar... but this 2008 article didn't realize that our magnetosphere has a giant hole in it 10x bigger than we previously thought. It is 4x bigger than the earth itself. And it's directly on the day side. The earth's magnetosphere has been breached AND the sun is entering its solar maximum period. Can any people more knowledgeable than me weigh in and tell us what is possible and what is likely to happen? Is there anything we can do to prepare ourselves? Okay here is a more reasoned version: http://www.2012hoax.org/solar-flares but still, destruction of our satellites on a massive scale? What is going to follow for the next few years? What are we going to do about it? Launch new ones? But won't there be more solar flares... I personally don't mind it :) What are you doing now? I usually would say both ... hey, let me know what's a good time for you. How about Mon around 5, or Tue around 7? Gets them thinking. Even though that is the case, you can also start things off by suggesting a couple times. I find it more of a linguistic construct that's harder to get out of. Let's face it, you only care about this stuff if there is a chance the person might not meet with you. In that case, it's better to use a little psychology and set the "frame of the interaction" -- meaning you determine how it's going to go by starting a well-known formula that everyone has been conditioned to follow, and they accept. It's like a handshake in the west, vs in Japan. You initiate it, chances are they will follow through even if they aren't that interested. also called "bid to increase your rank in the newsfeed" I am not against this as long as the stories are marked as sponsored, and not part of the main results. After all that's what Google's adwords are, in a sense. The problem with twitter in particular is that it lets you do two things: read and post messages. What granular options do you see? Funny, I had this idea back in 2006 when I discovered web development. This was before AJAX, I was pretty proud of having invented dynamic checking myself. Hopefully the site still works -- it was one of my first attempts at PHP http://thetutorbase.com (used to be dailytutor.com) I abandoned that project because although tutors were easy to get, the marketing to students didn't scale well, and a paywall didn't work well (you could pay with paypal for up to 3 tutors' names). I thought up a better business plan, involving an online tutoring service, but at the time no one would invest into anything. Similar idea, I'd say ... that's how I know that raising money and doing joint ventures is about relationships! PS: Paul Graham where were you in 2006! :) Wow, this might seem arrogant to say -- but I haven't seen this site in a long time, and I have to say I am pretty impressed ... by my past self, considering that this was my first website made with PHP ... I didn't know much back then. All the ajax was done with iframes. Try signing up as "Greg" (the username's taken). It even had cool security protection (even by today's standards) like this: http://www.thetutorbase.com/startover.php?err_desc=You+did+n... ! Okay self-gratification moment is done :) but I did execute. The website is there, and I signed up 100 tutors and got a bunch of students. I got those 100 tutors in a week without any expenses. Even after I abandoned it, the tutors kept signing up for a while afterward. That showed traction on the tutor side. I couldn't convince anyone to invest into it because I only asked family and friends. how do you figure? It's not that I didn't execute. I didn't know anyone who actually cared. I even made a professional business plan about the 4 billion dollar tutoring market and what I was planning to do. The one rich guy I talked to did not know much about computers and just said "students have no money, I won't invest" -- this is a guy who wanted a friend of mine to build a botnet for him so he can generate traffic to his lead generation business :P I tried to explain that when it comes to education, students spend quite a lot, especially when they are in need... but it didn't fly. The bottom line is, you gotta execute AND have existing relationships with people! Both are important factors in a startup's success. I guess google shows different things to different people. My search for NFL Jerseys for example, seems just fine: http://grab.by/8DYK what do you think? I got 99 comments but of which this ain't one :) Wait, what? I thought a couple cables on the mediterranean got damaged. What's this with hermetically sealing the country etc? Whether or not it was deliberate, I doubt it primarily due to someone going and switching off the routers, it was this: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/7218008.stm and this http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/7222536.stm push + cache is better than pull + mapreduce Great going, google! Banks have been using those RSA dongle thingies for a long time. Now with mobile phones that isolate one app from another, who needs em! And you get OTP codes just in case. Nice. Now I wish my bank would do this. Why don't they use the session nonce instead of double-submit cookies approach to CSRF prevention? When deep blue beat Kasparov, IBM quickly moved to shut down the program. Let's hope it doesn't happen in this case, if Watson wins. EPIC WIN! I believe there are specific requirements for something to be considered "notable" on wikipedia. Simply fulfill those requirements for each language page and you're good, no? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Notability This was in 2009. What happened since then? Suzanne summers has a book about some possible cures and doctors btw: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQicB_7KNL8 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-aYxu4Uys0 By the way, I have a question about free markets or whatever... should there be anything preventing big pharma companies to spend millions of dollars on suppressing a potential cure with FUD campaigns or some sort of leverage (like threatening a partnership), I mean a law preventing that kind of behavior, or no? I am honestly asking, because I think the drug industry in this country is making about $500B a year and any cure will be detrimental to the size of their market and the demand for their products, so it would seem that if they can kill off a cure it would make more $ for their shareholders... This victory will only last until the page is updated :) So how do I write the literal version now? I still want it for humorous effect. If their approach lets fake but English sounding names go through, then they shouldn't discriminate against other names, period. If Quora wants people to use their real names, they should require them to link their facebook account -- and these days, even that is a poor guarantee of real names. Let's face it, people are striking back at the "real names" thing by altering their names on facebook, because you never know what they're going to make public by default next. Wait a second. How are they paying for all those texts to be sent out if the service is free? If they are using twilio or something similar, the costs are 2c per SMS. Are they managing to send out the SMS for free somehow?? It stands to reason that Apple is the second biggest stock in the world, and the largest tech company. Steve Jobs basically made Apple into a MEDIA DISTRIBUTION company. Whether that media is music, podcasts, movies, apps, or now -- news. The world produces a lot of media and pays a lot for it, and Apple wants to draw as much as possible onto its distribution network get a 30% cut of as much as possible. It curates the platform, and it calls the shots. Clearly this is great news for Apple's stockholders. I think one of Apple's biggest competitors will be Netflix. Basically, content creators of all kinds, as well as publishers, will partner with distribution networks. I just hope these distribution networks won't have exclusivity contracts! If Apple forces exclusivity on publishers then THAT is when it will become evil -- because everything will be centralized. Until then, it's just another distribution channel, and it's pretty awesome. More than Nintendo, more than Sony, Apple has made a profitable platform from the ground up. It is the largest company partly because it's built everything up from the hardware, and cultivated its brand. When it learns about the internet, it will be a huge powerhouse to reckon with. No wonder Google invested so much into open source alternatives to Apple's platform. This is turning out well for all of us :) The only way it could go awry is if patents get involved... I see this as a steady development towards a new era, away from copyright and patents and towards distribution-driven innovation. Look at Netflix, Apple and Google. They are discovering this model but just like the internet, I think the future will reveal itself over the next few years. People will pay for easy distribution and one-click purchasing. Some distribution networks will have a monthly fee for unlimited downloads. Others will have pay-per-download. Here's the good news: rather than relying on a government-enforced monopoly (copyright, patents, etc.) to make sure that the publishers and innovators get paid, we will rely on direct-to-consumer distribution networks, which compete with one another for publishers and users on things like ease of use and selection. In a way this is the Cable TV model. Eventually, I think everyone will move to a monthly subscription model for nearly unlimited downloads, like Netflix. That's because when torrent clients (or usenet or whatever else decentralized distribution network there will be) become as easy to use as the centralized ones (and decentralized always wins in the end), it will be just as easy and convenient to get a pirated movie as it is to get it on iTunes. But movies are expensive to make. That's why in the future, I think people will pay monthly fees instead of paying per item. At the end of the day, there will be a huge number of people subscribed to Netflix-like distribution networks just like there are people subscribed to the internet, and generating "positive externalities" for the cheapskates that get free content through decentralized means. But the system will work. Content creators will flourish! I thought that if it was FALSIFIED in this context, it would be falsified in general. Of course, the other way wouldn't prove that string theory works for anything except that particular case. But even that I think might be inaccurate: http://www.math.columbia.edu/~woit/wordpress/?p=3127 Why are so many people angry about this? Lots of our country's wealth and jobs comes from companies started recently (e.g. Apple, Google). And we have to develop alternative energy sources to break our dependence on oil (which is coming to an end sooner than the foreign oil cartel will let on). Not only that, but if we can end America's retarded policy of running around in the deserts of the middle east -- a policy largely fueled by oil money -- we can shave a lot of the ridiculous $800 billion/year defense budget ... which is higher than THE NEXT 15 COUNTRIES COMBINED (yes and that includes China and Russia). I think that is worth the government investing a few billion dollars into startups to help spur innovation. If anything it's a great image booster for entrepreneurism in America. The president has long talked about his focus on America out-innovating the rest of the world. Now he is putting $ where his mouth is. And if I heard right, they will be cutting capital gains taxes for startups to 0. I can't imagine that those of you who are running a startup are upset about that. It's a nice move, why tax startups so much in the beginning for actually growing and making money -- taking less now will make them bigger later, create more jobs, and create more taxable income later. As for the government picking the winners ... well, first of all they are MATCHING the VCs and working with the TechStars network, secondly you don't HAVE to take government money. They are just spurring innovation. All in all I think this is a good approach. How is attracting more startups to certain industries by improving the conditions for them, preventing the energy market from doing its job? What is its job? and what is that choice oh yeah, why didn't I think of that. Man those slackers! If they do it, the situation will be simple: 1) San Francisco enforces taxes 2) San Francisco gets a lot of bad press. 3) Companies start moving to other cities. 4) San Francisco has less startups in the future. Look at Texas and the taxes they just imposed on Amazon. Did it help them? Open source software grew out of the Free Software movement, which was modeled on the activities of scientists. Papers would be published in journals for everyone to read. It was free to teach a scientific theory to your students. Researchers built on each others' work. Drug research is scientific research. The distribution of drugs is actually pretty cheap -- once you know the formula, you can usually make the drug rather inexpensively. It's the R&D that needs funding, and it's currently funded by proprietary drug companies much like Microsoft, Adobe etc. built THEIR software. But years later, IE still sucks and open source browsers have helped the world a lot. Our mobile phones all run WebKit. We are lucky that Netscape open sourced their codebase and formed Mozilla, which at the time was an precedented move. These days, Apple, Google and Facebook work with the open source community, whereas Microsoft is becoming more and more irrelevant. If they joined with the open source communities instead of hiding their code they would probably bounce back -- for example if they threw out their old rendering engine and based IE10 on WebKit. Certainly patents and software help the old business models that rely on them (drug companies, newspapers, proprietary software companies). I think in software we have shown that over time, free information and community collaboration can produce better, more stable, more standards-compliant products. The question is, can we do this in other areas? I would argue that we have to separate the distribution network (Apple distributing apps, etc.) and the R&D. The distribution networks have to compete on price, efficiency, ease of access, etc. But the R&D is not necessarily done by drug companies. What happened to all that money we raise in "find the cure" walkathons? Where does it go? A lot of the drug research is done in universities, where papers are published openly and freely. I expect the drug companies to fight open source research just like Microsoft fought open source. But at the end of the day, there has to be a good system in place to fund R&D as a community that SHARES knowledge with the world. Don't get me wrong, clinical trials cost money, and dealing with the FDA costs money. But as far as innovation, there would be MORE innovation if people freely published the knowledge and built upon what others have done. You made a drug based on this gene sequence? I can make one that helps these gene sequences. That's the future, imho. The surprising truth about what motivates us: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u6XAPnuFjJc Smart people aren't just motivated by greed. Lots and lots of professors in university are motivated simply by making a difference in their field, and in their world. They want to make a breakthrough because they love their work. Sometimes they donate everything they get back to the university. Similarly, the kids who grew up with computers formed a hacker culture that loves to show off what they did to others. I think the first steps should be to foster that sort of "open source culture" among kids learning science in high school and college, and to provide the infrastructure for better online journals. When they finish grad school, they will often publish their research for free as a matter of helping the world. The drug companies won't be able to charge a huge markup on the drugs. The drugs would be manufactured at cost by the distribution networks (which are regulated by the government, of course, so no one slips a mickey in the drugs). A great example of an open source drug is this "cure for cancer" discovered in Canada: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7LXH-TJYS5w it may very well cure cancer in lots of different people. DCA has already been produced for over 100 years and no one can patent it. Which is great for the public at large. Imagine people taking DCA after the FDA has certified it, and it being produced cheaply. Basically, I think that we are just starting to see the ways in which a patent-less and copyright-less world can actually produce more innovation and useful solutions for people, than one where information is locked up in corporate silos and controlled by special interests. Thanks for bringing up those points. I can really only speak from my position in the software industry and say that every time I see a patent suit in the news, it seems to be harming innovation. Like I said, the big companies spend a lot of money on squashing the competition, which already includes branding, advertising, and so forth. Patents are a great weapon that may be marketed as helping the little guy, the startup, protect themselves. But in reality, this is the more likely scenario: startup gets a few patents. Big company sues them for something, and startup runs risk of going bankrupt. Big company had more patents, and more money. When it comes to big companies, they use the patents as weapons against competition and innovation (and why not, that is their fundamental purpose: to enforce a monopoly). Google doesn't want to pay royalties to Apple for the H.265 format or whatever. (That's one example that comes to mind.) If we ignore startups for a moment, the big companies could compete directly instead of invoking government-enforced monopoly rights. You could see how competition on actual BENEFIT to the public would be improved if patents were out of the picture. There would still be advertising budgets. I have a question: We've had patents and big pharma for a long time now, right? Why does all the mainstream medicine in this country have only one answer for almost all diseases: PHARMA DRUGS? And how much better did they get at curing cancer? More people get cancer today than 100 years ago, but how much better did they get at improving people's quality of life with various types of cancers? Meanwhile, do you hear a lot about treatments to ANY major disease that are not monetizable as drugs? Most doctors talking about this are marginalized by the medical community. Can it really be that there are no other types of treatments out there besides pills? And that there aren't any cures to be found? The FDA requires clinical studies to be done before a drug can claim to diagnose, prevent or treat any disease, understandably. But look at us as a society. We need a better way of organizing and verifying medical information about various drugs, research, conditions, etc. It seems to me that the information the public is exposed to is dominated by the pharma companies. They advertise to the public ("ask your doctor about XYZ" -- really, I gotta tell my DOCTOR about it?). They push their products which have been certified by the FDA ... and sometimes, they're wrong and their drugs harm people. Meanwhile, most of the innovation comes from the independents, the university labs. If they published information freely we would all benefit. I'm not sure what could be done to reform the FDA system, though. Thanks. I mostly posted my last message as a way to get informative responses, which I think this is :) I sometimes like to learn more about a subject matter I'm interested in, while discussing it, so it was late at night and I decided that was a good way to learn a little more -- by overstating my case in my ignorance and getting different viewpoints. Although I do want to ask one thing ... to answer whether there are treatments to ANYmajor disease that are not monetizable as drugs, you said that besides drugs, there are also vaccines. But aren't vaccines developed the same way -- basically patented by pharma companies? Also, is there a list somewhere of cures developed in the last 30 years? I just have this impression that the pharma company is a big "sponsor" of medicine and that alternative treatments or cures don't really take hold in the mainstream medical community (i.e. when you go to a doctor) ... and that there is very little "official" information about them. So it's hard to figure out what works and what doesn't when you have a disease that may be cured using alternative methods, like some forms of cancer etc. If they only called it Liberating Software, they wouldn't have had this happen. After all, open source software is also free (as in, costs nothing). But liberating software sounds like it confers freedom on the person -- actually liberating them. Remember, branding is important. This is true, but I would also like to point out how many people became web developers because they could look at the source code being fed to the browser -- through its View Source menu item. That menu item alone made website code basically open source (very few websites obfuscated it). You could see HTML, CSS and Javascript out in the open. Certainly, free software is a grand revolution in the principles that guide innovation, and protect people's use of the software. But the game is won often by making better tools to actually make the open source happen. Look at git and github. Look at the practical system set up by linux developers before git. Look at wikipedia and the wiki. I could go on. I have a big respect for the ability of better tools to change people's behavior patterns and habits, and over time change the world. I think that in the future, I wouldn't expect everyone's kids to be know enough to provide patches for software they use. Rather, there has to be a responsive community of developers around the product, with a good TOOL (like a bug tracker) which the kids could use to report a bug and anther TOOL to capture the bug in the app and send the extra info. While everyone would have the freedom to contribute patches, most people aren't going to be educated along this line, or know the product very well. It is the tools that we must improve, although the principles of software freedom enforced in the GPL help protect people. I did. The only hackathon I ever did was a TechCrunch Disrupt hackathon last year. I stayed up all night, and made a real-time, semantic question-and-answer site where you could invite your friends via instant message. It didn't win. Some robot that stabbed imaginary people in the air won. It looked like most people there used existing software and just added something onto it. If I knew that, I would have come and added something to YouMixer.com ... I think I would have won :) Update: I just went there and it looks like it somehow took off in spain! I used this app later to build an app for a local advertising firm. If you are wondering why so many questions start with "Can you recommend a good" ... then that's why. They use the same database. http://apps.facebook.com/ylrecommend/ It's got a few cooler features like pulling possible answers from YQL as you type them. But really, the questions can get much more interesting! By the way, when I say "real-time", I mean: 1) you can invite friends who are online via chat, and they can see what you wrote in real-time 2) you can see the answers arrive in real-time This is before I knew about Quora ... I thought it was pretty ambitious to do in 14 hours :) Makes sense. The situation is definitely more complex than I have thought about. When I said "non drug treatments" or "cures", what I meant was... are there many examples where a disease was investigated and either 1) a treatment was found which was available using a non patented substance, such as DCA (which was available for a hundred years), basically research published by a pharma company that found you can treat a disease in a way that doesn't make money for pharma companies via patents, or 2) a cure that basically eliminated the disease in most cases so no further treatments were necessary. I am not asking this with an agenda, I am just genuinely curious. I want to find such a list. It would also help me understand better whether the current system is capable of producing and popularizing treatments (and cures) which may not be helping the pharma company's bottom line. I don't want to parrot quacks who talk about pharma "suppressing" this knowledge, just wondering how often knowledge like this is willingly published, and where. The reason it seems plausible to me that this issue might be a problem, is the economics and incentives of it. If you were a pharma company and you sunk $100M in research for a cure of disease X, and somehow you found two things (in your own labs, say), that a) there is a treatment that you can patent and charge a markup to recoup your investment and make a profit, and b) there is an equal or superior treatment which cannot be patented because it was freely available or there is prior art I don't see your promoting or even publishing (b) as being fiscally responsible to your shareholders and your company's bottom line. So it seems to me there would be a conflict of interest if a non patented treatment is found. A similar case can be made for a cure. Why push the cure if pushing the treatment generates a much bigger long term return on investment? It just seems to me that there is some conflict between the interest of the shareholders and actually publicizing a cure. Of course, there is some value in the PR that your pharma company found the cure, but if it's estimated to be less than the profit from the ongoing treatment, what is the incentive? What is the company going to do? Reading this I thought, I'm glad that Hacker News has so many smart people. I learned a lot :) Thank you for your thoughtful response. And I did follow up by looking on Wikipedia! I believe it now says "Reinhardt" on their page, and not "Django". So you can rest easy. Sure, there might be a guy named Django Reinhardt, but surely of someone called their project "George" and another person called their project "Washington", it would be ok right? While XSS can be a real problem for the users of your site (viral effects like the samy worm, phishing, session hijacking, session fixation, and more) what you've been able to do there is basically take advantage of another vulnerability -- namely an open vector of attack which allows people to upload executable PHP scripts to the server. Technically, you didn't have to do much scripting, you simply had to upload a file to the server, taking advantage of the vulnerability. That said, how do you protect against XSS? The simple way is to only include your own .js files, and only print json-encoded data in the page. In PHP, it would look something like: //--> But what if you want to go further and actually allow the server to echo scripts? How do you make sure several scripts from various "modules" can coexist on one page? Facebook did it by parsing and sanitizing javascript into FBJS, however in the process they made it incompatible with the usual DOM methods, etc. Google released CAJA, which is cooler IMHO since it jives better with Javascript. Finally, you can disallow scripting completely and use iframes -- however, the iframes are dangerous in one way: they may "bust out" of your page by changing top.location . Does anyone know how to prevent this? I have a question. What's wrong with coming out with a paid app for, say $2.99 and then pay 51% to let's say TapJoy? If they don't drive someone to buy your app, you don't pay. If they do, then you get 49% - 30% = 19% of the app. Isn't this essentially risk free and improves your sales numbers? Okay, but they do offer it, do they not? Or they simply won't show your ads? Then why do they have CPA ads for paid apps? Personally, I would prefer to hash my fields like this: 1. Hash each field in the key in some fashion 2. Concatenate the hashes, for example implode(".", $hashes) 3. Now you've got a point in the space of all possible concatenated hashes. On each client, have a partition like this for each key: ["", "abf34.9f8c7.92833", ...] 4. go through the partition and find the last point that is smaller than your point. That point maps to your shard. 5. Monitor your machines. If one of your shards becomes too full, or too much action is going, SPLIT IT. You do this simply by replicating the data to one or more new shards (like it says in the article) introducing one or more points in the partition right after the point mapping to the shard. Point them to the new shards. And update all the clients! That's all Greg I would also suggest marking every day that you spoke to at least 3 people on the phone. Because often, it's good to recognize that we need to involve other people and relationships in getting stuff done, and not just do everything solo. This rule of talking to 3 people a day means you probably won't be talking to the SAME 3 people every day, so you have to keep up your relationships and meet enough new people. Also a great measure of success. I think that in order to critique design objectively, you need a set of standards and guidelines for design, like the Apple iOS Guidelines. These can be open-sourced themselves, and forked for various projects. Without these guidelines, it will be as tough to tell the designer what to do as it would explaining an obscure C++ error without any reference to C++. I would also like to point out that when the design is orthogonal to the development, there's lots of beneficial open source design out there. I often use icons with GNU or CC licenses, for example. If only I could find a site with website designs like I can for icons (iconfinder.com, findicons.com) that would be great! I'd get a professional designer to use the open source design as a base and just tweak it. When the Mac App Store came out, we had a simple idea: we wanted to bring easy access to the calendar from the menubar to MacOS, just like Windows has easy access from the system tray (notification area). Well, then we decided to enhance it and added a few bells and whistles. I will keep you guys updated on how popular this app gets. Personally, the girlfriends and sisters of everyone involved (about 4 or 5 in all) have spontaneously said that this is very useful upon seeing us play with it -- so that gets me very excited. Because they are not even power users :) http://grab.by/9gko http://grab.by/9gkq Notice how it appears THIRD in Productivity apps section, and FIRST when you do a search for "calendar". Let's see how many downloads it gets -- it costs $0.99 :) If you have a Mac, and decide to download it, please let me know what you think. This is our first Mac Store App. Thanks guys. Listen ... I had to pull this app's availability on the app store, because almost everyone is getting the following message: "Calendar.app" is damaged and can't be opened. Delete "Calendar.app" and download it again from the App Store. This is horrible. We could have made so much good with this app, it's #1 in the productivity category, but because of this one thing, it's going to get bad reviews. Now when we release it, I doubt it'll be number 1. SUCKS!!!! SO MUCH!!! I'm not sure what is causing this bug. Can anyone help? I am going to email apple support tomorrow and try to get them to expedite an update as much as possible. Has anyone any idea what could be causing this? I could use all the help I can get right now. There are no crash reports. I don't think the app even gets launched. It has something to do with the bundle maybe? http://grab.by/9gmN This is the only clue I have. hehe, that was just a sample :) According to this, it sounds like it's Apple's fault: http://getsatisfaction.com/firemint/topics/it_wont_start_on_... The "receipt" file generated by Mac App Store should have been called Receipt. On case sensitive file systems, the users will get the nasty error. What I don't understand is, what fixes have the developers made in the update they submitted to apple, so that it works? Here is another one: http://pariahware.com/blog/?p=359 Any ideas? yeah. But the weird part is that we were testing for exactly that! Contents/_MASReceipt/receipt and returning 173. Now we are going to be looking for that, and if not found, try looking for /Receipt. According to http://getsatisfaction.com/firemint/topics/it_wont_start_on_... it is actually Receipt. I don't know, which one is it? I am worried that it might be one of the OTHER places where 173 is being returned. Such as if Apple's Root CA is missing. I thought that whole /receipt thing as autogenerated by apple. I FIGURED IT OUT!! Apple signs with their own certificate when posting on the MacOS store. We were checking for OUR own certificate (the one we used to sign when submitting to Apple.) Or you could just put this: http://code.google.com/chrome/chromeframe/ But it's in the developers' even BETTER interest to move them to Chrome or Firefox. Why wouldn't they just install this? http://code.google.com/chrome/chromeframe/ Microsoft is obviously doing this to keep IE relevant. One constructive criticism: it makes it too easy to just mash the left and right arrows. Take that feature away :) Does that mean we can't place job ads for the Amazonian Guard? The real question is, does this include websites that simply USE facebook APIs? If so, it would be extremely uncompetitive :) In this article they have tried to Think Different for the sake of thinking different. Not bad. But they basically described Linux, Command-Line interfaces, and the Web. Their idea of "language" is basically scripting languages. I had originally submitted this app last week, all excited to see the sales, but then something horrible occurred: the app crashed on startup. We stayed up until 5 AM and figured out the problem: the app was checking for our company's signature, but Apple re-signed it with its own certificate before releasing on the app store. Needless to say, it was pretty painful: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2283064 The app was racking up 1 star reviews, so we pulled the app's availability on the store. I submitted the fix the very next day and emailed appreview @ apple with an URGENT subject line, asking them to please push this through quickly because the version that was up there was not helping anyone. The fixed version just came out. So we're back at the same point we were last week. Except, are we? Back then, this app was at the top of the Productivity section within an hour. Now it's been a week. We'll see what happens. So I guess this can be an example of how our startup handled a major setback... I'll keep you posted! That page just really reminds me of this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5PsnxDQvQpw and this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GmG4X9PGOXs and this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vofXcC0rj4&NR=1&feat... Well, this is our first post on the blog. It may be a little bit grandiose. But to tell you the truth, what's written there is exactly right on. We have a technology, a capable team, we are funded, we are on a roll, and our products are doing very well on the iPhone and Mac right now (top 25 on the Mac App Store). It will all make a lot more sense once I start writing more blog entries. I am pretty excited, and that blog is like anything else we do ... it will come together part by part, and it will all make sense. I have a question though ... do you think the header doesn't work with the white background? We designed the rest of our site to be pleasant to look at for long periods of time, and in my experience, white isn't. I'm curious what you think That's the first blog post. I admit that it doesn't give you much information right now, but in a few days it will make sense. By the way, here's the link to the main site: http://qbix.com Thanks! We are adding more stuff to it soon, like weather ... any more stuff you would like? I disagree with almost everything except the startup incubator, reducing the endless meetings, and getting started with hardware. Google has these things for a reason, and they have been more reliable than twitter, facebook, etc. and their technology actually works. So what if they restrict their engineers into using their own systems? They put reliability and dependability for their users first, and that's why we have all come to trust google's infrastructure, privacy, etc. way more than facebook. Would you put your corporate email on facebook? It sounds like what they SHOULD do is streamline and document the system for their engineers better. There should be an internal project started to make their developers HAPPIER and more productive. For example, you have an idea for a new project? Here's the actionable checklist. Need to launch? Please make sure all of these are checked, then you can launch. Treat your developers like you treat your users. As for capturing people into an incubator before they leave the company? I like that idea. Except of course, one has to wonder how much this will incentivize people to quit google, just to get more autonomy and a better deal :P Not to mention, that once acquired by google, the startups' technologies are just rewritten to live in the Google ecosystem, so this seems like a waste of money... except for possibly the IP licensing costs. This guy may be happy to know that the new Mac OS that's coming out doesn't have running lights on the dock by default. So you can't really tell if an application has quit or not. In fact, apps now resume when launched. The trouble is, not all apps support resuming when launched. So it's like a big mishmash and you're quite sure which are running and which are not. The transition will not be pretty! I'm gonna turn my running lights back on as the first thing I do on the new Mac OS. Look, I actually LIKED the Mac's paradigm of being application-centric, and not document-centric. The latter was Windows' way: MDI, SDI, and all that. When you closed the last window, the app closed. Or did it? On the Mac, I had control over when I wanted the app to close. Even when I did not do development, I understood what was a program and what was a document. It ain't that hard to do. As a developer, I really love to know what app is running and be able to shut it down, without having to force-quit it. Here is the relevant portion: 1. DEFINITIONS: The following definitions apply in the Agreement a. “Parties” means both the Company and Investor. Party means one of them. b. “Current funding round” refers to the round of funding which is taking place during the time of signing of this agreement. c. “Next round of funding” refers to the very next round of funding that takes place after the current funding round is closed. 2. TERMS 2.1 Investor Options: 2.1.1 Before the close of the next round of funding, Company agrees to notify Investor of the date on which the round is expected to close, the amount of money committed in the round, and the total number of shares that are expected to be sold for that money. This will determine the pre-money valuation of the shares before the closing of the next round of funding. 2.1.2 Investor shall have the option of selling back to the Company up to $25,000 of the shares they own in Company, as determined by the pre-money valuation of these shares (rather than their valuation during the Current funding round). The remainder of the shares may be sold to the Company if both Parties decide agree to the sale in writing at that time. Otherwise, they shall continue to be held by Investor. 2.1.3 During the next round of funding, Company shall give Investor the opportunity to invest alongside the other investors in that round, and on equivalent terms. Investor recognizes that Company may set the maximum number of shares it is prepared to issue and sell during the next round of funding, and the round may be oversubscribed. In this case, Parties will work together with the other investors to work out an equitable arrangement, which may cause one or more investors in the next round to purchase a different number of shares in Company than was reported by Company to Investor in 2.1.1 . 2.2 Time Frames: 2.2.1 Company will notify Investor as described in 2.1.1 at least fifteen (15) days before the close of the next round of funding. 2.2.2 Investor will have five (5) business days to respond to Company regarding their decision to invoke either of options 2.1.2 and 2.1.3 . If after this period, Investor has not indicated to Company that they will invoke either of these options, then both Parties agree to proceed as if Investor has indicated to Company they choose to invoke neither of the options -- and in particular, that the Investor will continue to own the same shares as they did previously, neither selling any of them nor investing alongside other investors. 2.2.3 Should circumstances arise that necessitate further negotiation, Investor and Company agree to participate in good faith in these negotiations, recognizing that the next funding round should be completed in a timely manner and that the terms should be equitable to all Parties. Google +1 is more like facebook's like button. They want to have a presence across the web soon. It's not the bookmarking that will take place during search time. It's the discovery! If Google wants to be more persistent, they could easily use their Android and Chrome platforms to do it :) We have a better way of signing up on qbix.com Try it :) The email is used to set up your password, but you are able to use the app the first time without it! That way you will likely visit the app again when you check your email. This is cool. Oh, you're a high school student? Awesome. We're building a next-generation, distributed social network which gives users control over their data, and helps their social lives in the real world instead of online. Oh yeah, and we already have over 70k active users who downloaded our app in the last 2 months. So I am curious why YC didn't even want to interview us, but then again, their rejection letter doesn't leave many clues :) http://qbix.com That's okay. We didn't optimize the site for that yet. Right now, most of our users simply interact through the apps and we are going viral through that. In about a month, it will all start to make sense. Check back then :) Yeah I have no idea why they didn't even want to interview us. I mean, I saw the batch of YC companies in winter 2010. I would humbly like to say that we seem to be closer to what YC says they are looking for, than several of those companies were. For example, we applied in Winter 2010, YC rejected us without an interview, and then we went ahead and secured investment and launched and already have 80k users and nearly all ratings are 5/5 . Our apps are being used 30k times a day (in aggregate) so engagement is high. Not only that, but we are already generating profit. YC says they like entrepreneurs that hang in there. Also, they say they like people who achieved a lot. I was a concert pianist when I was a kid and went to college at 14. ( http://magarshak.com ). I normally don't say that but I thought I might as well just mention it. So I have no idea how their selection process works. If they had any concerns about the company, I would have been happy to talk to them in person. I think we at least would have warranted an interview. I personally think YC made a "wrong decision". But it may very well be that the selection process has other things that I am not aware of. For example, they may have so many applicants that they are looking for specific things they did NOT mention on the site, and these may be weighted more heavily. Anyway, we are a bit surprised, but that's about it :) Where are these chats between anonymous taking place? How are people getting the chat logs? I haven't seen anyone talk about this. Hey, pg ... does that include our application by any chance? I realize you don't have to answer this, but I am just curious: It seems on the surface that our company is much closer to what you say YC is looking for, than many companies you had in W10, S10, etc. Let me just illustrate a couple points: 1. You emphasize resilience: we got rejected by YC in the past and went ahead and raised funding, launched and already have 70k (and counting) users since 3 months ago. The vast majority of our reviews are 5 stars. 2. You care about companies with huge potential. We're building a next-generation, distributed social network which gives users control over their data, and helps their social lives in the real world instead of online. 3. You want to see founders who did extraordinary things: I went to college at 14, played in Carnegie hall when I was 7 years old. ( http://magarshak.com/piano ) My co founder can father a small child just by looking at a woman... ( http://www.xtranormal.com/watch/7203877/fundraising ) 4. You care about a capable team that has been together for a long time: http://qbix.com/about . We have made websites such as this: http://blurts.com which is now worth over $5 mil. etc. So I am curious why YC didn't even want to interview us, but then again, your rejection letter doesn't leave many clues :) Is it really a team? I thought it was just Igor Sysoev :) How does this prove that the emails were about facebook, and not some other site? I guess facebook isn't going to use that angle, though. This is why you should use echosign. So you can prove things through a third party that keeps records! He forgets one of the easiest ways of getting people's accounts: http://xkcd.com/792/ In http://qbix.com , we have implemented passphrases out of the box for all of our apps. Try signing up there. You will find that the passphrase suggestions are quite nice. To obtain them, I took three random words, searched yahoo news for those words, and for each result, chose 3 contiguous words and presented it as a passphrase suggestion. In the event that Yahoo is unreachable, our server generates one of 50 million unique phrases from ADJECTIVE NOUN VERB NOUN. I would say this produces greater entropy than if you left people to choose their own passphrases, even if they don't copy our passphrases exactly. It's more than that. It allows you to mix and match the SQL interface with the memcached interface. It doesn't have to be persistent actually :) Facebook uses mysql as a key-value store. HandlerSocket is great for avoiding SQL parsing -- is it the same thing basically as ODBC? "“Samsung’s Galaxy Tab computer tablet also slavishly copies a combination of several elements of the Apple Product Configuration Trade Dress,” Apple says in its suit, noting that Samsung’s tablet, like Apple’s, uses a similar rectangular design with rounded corners, similar black border and array of icons." Ah yes, rectangles with rounded corners, the presence of black borders, and the ability to have icons. But joking aside, the samsung one sold in Korea does look very similar. There is a reason why facebook used PHP, wordpress is in PHP, and a lot of other tools are also. PHP is popular, it's easy to find developers who will write it in it, and it's also easy to find PHP hosting for noobs. When there is a popular platform, you will get lots of apps written on it. That said, the high art of PHP was always to make really performant apps while having your code as organized as possible. These days, this is being done very well with files, autoloading, and opcode caching. If you do things this way, Rasmus would be happy, and things would be fast. I am a PHP developer. A lot of what I saw in the past few years was frameworks like Cake and symfony that basically copied Rails or brought some heavy techniques with a lot of overhead. This is not the PHP way. If you want to see a framework that does things in a more PHP way, I would humbly submit my own: http://phponpie.com It's open source. It's called PHP On Pie for a reason: because it's easy and it uses real PHP techniques, not tries to emulate Ruby or Python. PHP has its own beauty, such as arrays which can support numeric and string indexes at the same time. All this said, these days PHP is outdated for large sites. Not because there is a lot of crap written in it -- which I agree with. But because it still works only synchronously, and the culture is too server-heavy. Large sites should be written like this: Clients (browser, etc.) do most of the interface logic. Components should render themselves using javascript, and only use the server for data Server does web services (REST, socket push, etc.) Server should not have to do things synchronously. Node.js rocks in this respect. Unlike PHP, I can literally issue 10 independent queries to 10 different databases and combine the results as they come in. In PHP, I would have to issue this stuff sequentially. That's slow. The second thing in PHP is fixable. People should move most of the logic (that doesn't need authentication) to the client side, and then write all their web services in a very simple way. Stop generating all your HTML on the server. Check out http://weblog.rubyonrails.org/2011/4/18/why-http-streaming and http://www.facebook.com/notes/facebook-engineering/bigpipe-p... Don't get me wrong, I like Python's data types very much. And it's certainly nice to have the ability to have more low-level control over how your array is stored. I mean beauty in the sense of appreciating something. Just because your wife isn't a supermodel, doesn't mean you cannot find her beautiful and have a good marriage. Once you accept PHP for what it is, you find that there's a certain file-oriented style of coding that is perfectly suited to it, that embraces the unique type of PHP arrays, and that autoloads files when needed. In PHP, you have an array that is basically associative, BUT which you can iterate in the same order that keys are added. This data structure is very unique and often lets you write less code, since you don't have to store the order separately. It also happens to map to JSON very well. Javascript has something like this too, except there is no guarantee that all browsers will implement properties in the same order, and many people on the internet complain about this sort of thing: http://code.google.com/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=883 http://code.google.com/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=20144 I have to say, I feel for those guys. I mean beauty in the sense of appreciating something. Just because your wife isn't a supermodel, doesn't mean you cannot find her beautiful and have a good marriage. Once you accept PHP for what it is, you find that there's a certain file-oriented style of coding that is perfectly suited to it, that embraces the unique type of PHP arrays, and that autoloads files when needed. If you want to see what I mean, just try the framework I built for an hour. It's more "php-like" than the rails clones out there. So basically, the URLs are files, and copying/pasting them is like copying/pasting encoded data. It is the same as data: urls actually, except maybe for browser security, which is pretty irrelevant for this anyway. Actually, now I am wondering if an iframe src could be a data: url in browsers. If so, that could be interesting! Showing content without hitting the server. Probably not though, because of cross-domain security again. Any ideas? Cool to know! Looks like ruby has 'em too :) This is again the problem with centralized vs distributed services. Not just Amazon's infrasturcture. http://myownstream.com/blog#2010-05-21 :) It's centralized, not distributed. You are at the whim of dropbox. This is not a successor to torrents at all. Hehe, thanks guys. I must admit I'm kind of liking my irreverent style of writing back in those days. I think I should bring it back. By the way, I never actually tackled girls on steroids: http://www.flipcode.com/archives/Theory_Practice-Issue_06_Ev... Thanks man. These days I am working more on http://myownstream.com/ heh, now I have. I am building something a little more ... extensive :) Well, right now I'm working hard on a social network that I hope will change the world. It's a distributed social network with total control over your data and privacy. And it also helps you make plans for dinner :) This is ridiculous. HTML5 apps just need to get better, and closed gardens need to open up. Viva la PhoneGap! Seriously, why do you need to code an app in Objective C just to get native features? They should be exposed to Javascript. As usual, OPEN will win, and that means the web! This is amazing. I wonder how they combine the beginner stuff though. Also, captchas have the benefit of being adopted by lots of websites, while this is a standalone destination. They may not get 10 million active users, but if they do, it will be because so many people want to learn a language. How will they market the site? Sure, but the economics of the marketing are not the same. Websites needed captchas, so it made sense. They saw other websites using them, and the link to the recaptcha was embedded. Are they going to embed language learning modules in language learning programs? My, this sparked a lot of discussion. When I worked at a company, I used lunch as a chance to go out into the sun and maybe meet a random nice girl. Don't date people at work, they say ... and they're probably right. Sometimes I would invite my co-workers to a new place. Why eat in the same cafeteria all the time? I basically used lunch as a social building time. but that's just me, I'm kind of bored just eating by myself. We’d like to ask everyone at this time to stop replying all as not to negatively disrupt all 500 applicants on the list Thank You, TechCrunch Disupt HAHA THIS IS FUNNY (update: it's not TC disrupt writing it) I was there. That is awesome news! Sysoev brings up a couple good points that affect Node.js . 1) The fact memory allocation might crash the process is a serious problem. Is this still the case? 2) The fact that garbage collection is still stop-the-world may be a problem for server availability. Are we able to call the generational collector from node, or no? Things that don't involve node: The ability to create multiple objects in different contexts. Sysoev is thinking of the "scripting" model, like PHP, which is not how Node does things. Node just runs one process to handle thousands of requests, not thousands of processes or threads. There is no need. freenet and other services already do this. You can already use your browser to browse freenet, if you get the freenet program. They recommend using Chrome in Incognito mode for maximum privacy. And it is impervious to DNS takedowns and you can even set up a darknet. It's used in China a lot. Also Perfect Dark is used. They operate on distributed hash tables. The problem is that without a central server, the only way you can connect to the hive is by hoping one of the last known hosts is still up. It also needs to use heuristics for routing. If you don't store other's people data, who will? If those people store their own data, how will you get it if they disconnect their computer from the network, or it goes down? And more importantly, if their computer is the only place to get the data, then how do you make the "host" of the data untraceable? Well yes, if browser makers create their own version of freenet built in, that would be true. upvotes are great :) But does anyone know the answers to 1) and 2)? Well if you are looking for decentralized publishing but at the same time not anonymous, then that's what we're building! http://myownstream.com one man's horrific crime against the government is another man's struggle for freedom. A tool isn't all things to everyone I have a completely different approach. I hire people who have worked with a particular technology or ecosystem for a while, because I think that builds the relevant experience and habits. If they are good at things similar to what we are doing, they should be able to pick it up and integrate quickly, and learn more stuff. And don't underestimate the value of good documentation. But of course, one prerequisite is absolutely necessary: the ability to approach problems logically. That is what one should look for on top of the domain knowledge. Besides interview questions, give an interview ASSIGNMENT. Meaning, before you are hired, you have to complete some task. This shows a) commitment to wanting to work here, and b) shows that you can sole the kinds of problems we had to face before. You know your version control, where someone had to go in and fix some bugs? Well, encapsulate these things as minimum examples (with e.g. javascript errors, maybe a stray comma or something in JSON) and then tell the guy "it doesn't work on IE, please fix it". You know it can be done because it WAS done. That's the kind of stuff they'll need to do at work. I'm not worried about random developers I'm going to miss. I'm worried about developers we'm going to be stuck with. We hire overseas, so we get by on around $6,000 per month per employee. Stop building apps and start building platforms which can eventually disrupt industries. This latest patent that caused an uproar was filed in 1992, when the idea was definitely innovative. It just further goes to show that the 17 year span, at least, is too long for software. We are gonna come out with http://myownstream.com :) this is some crazy shit The surest way to be happy is to have a large safety net in all the things you really need. You can skimp on the things you merely want, and still be happy. Think of all the things you really need, the things you would be really miserable without. These are the ones you should splurge on. I mean, really, spend 2x as much as you think the average person would spend on them. Totally own it. Then you will always feel like your life is good. Because you don't sweat the small stuff :) For a second, I thought that meant the author made the app open source :) The free market will ultimately decide. They can't lock us down when someone else will make a reader where you CAN copy things. But first, the free market will have to dismantle the government protections that enforce monopoly rights for authors. That will only happen when we find a better system. Subscriptions may be that system. patents are mostly for big boys to throw their weight around that is what is happening did you see how many people on HN (who are coders) want to abolish software patents? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anti-spam_techniques Seriously what got me at the end was these comments about "well it's YOUR fault! You should have XYZ123 and you have 8 years of experience? PLEASE" Unless that kind of attitude and culture of blaming the user changes I am afraid Linux won't be winning many desktop users from the mainstream. Exactly what I thought before reading :) Brave enough to defy Steve Jobs! And y'all said it was suicide. Refreshing! This reminds me a bit of the library of alexandria. Physical books all in one place have a bad habit of being more vulnerable to destruction. But hey why not, it's just one copy of the books. I think it's a great idea to at least attempt to keep an archive for this reason: "When they were making microfilm of books, they thought they would never have to rescan them. When they were being scanned at 300 dpi, they thought they would never have to scan them again. We know someday these books will be rescanned. They will be waiting here in boxes." Why not just use freenet? :) Or perfectdark I see this kind of position as just another reactionary form of idealism. Just like Karl Marx reacted against class inequality, just as Ayn Rand reacted against communism, so anarchists react against bad things that happen under governments. But if there is no central authority, who is to say that society won't degenerate into something worse? Left to its own devices, society is a system that makes no guarantees. It may cause an oligarchy of bloodthirsty warlords to arise, or worse. Ultimately forms of government will form one way or another. The only question is, what can we do to stop atrocities and increase welfare for everyone? There are lots of conservatives and libertarians calling for smaller government. I can appreciate their point of view. I personally think that government has one role: to ensure the minimum expectations of its citizens. We want clean water, healthy food, functioning roads, safe infrastructure, a thriving economy, and so on. On a local level, we have zoning laws, licenses and other regulations. The idea is, if a group of intelligent citizens were exposed to the information, they would see why the decisions are made the way they were made. The government actions which should be checked are those that wouldn't pass this test. Thus, greater transparency and feedback is needed. A representative democracy is slow to change and fix its problems. We elect some people and then regret it when they can't do everything they promised. Still, I am happy that Obama started http://data.gov and http://recovery.gov and published http://www.whitehouse.gov/the_press_office/TransparencyandOp... I think that among the steps we can take are to increase the efficiency of the feedback loop between the government, and websites publishing the data, experts analyzing the data and blogging, journalists publicizing the data, and the government understanding the public reaction directly or indirectly, more often than once every 4 years. But what is going to keep us safe? Why do I feel safer in the United States today than I would have felt in the past? CULTURE. No matter how powerful the government is, it's only one part of the larger picture. The overall culture of the society is what causes it to be prone to one thing or another. It is far stronger than any government. Our culture today is one that points out racism and discrimination where it exists, and tries to shame it out of the public policy. It is one that is permeated by greater knowledge and understanding, thanks to the internet, than any previous generation has had. I am a big believer in the power of tools to shape culture. (Look at facebook, etc.) And ultimately that is what causes real change (look at the middle east revolutions thanks to the new tools on the internet). Finally, I would encourage everyone to watch the BBC documentary "A Century of the Self". It speaks about the PR industry and one Edward Burnays, nephew of Sigmund Freud, who ironically we know today thanks to Burnays. Propaganda, the tool of governments, was turned into an industry that helps corporations influence the public via images that appeal to our psychology. Commercials started to appeal to our inner drives. For Freud, the collective expression of our unconscious desires (for sex, power, etc.) was a dangerous thing. It would cause mass revolutions, mass violence. In today's United States, if we feel anger at something we go buy an ikea set or a new Nintendo Wii and feel much better. Video games, social media, and even the entire internet satisfies our desires for sex, information, and socializing without ever picking up a gun. It's a new world, but it's a safer world. I view social media as an extension of PR, taking its first steps trying to insert itself into conversations. Personally I'm working on tools that I hope will help the world communicate in more authentic ways than they do today using Facebook, etc. And I think it will ultimately make a difference in the social lives of many people, and probably will make a positive difference for society as well. If I make it, I will honestly be very proud of having played a part in helping people live happier lives. Always get your users' emails when they sign up. Facebook even has the email extended persmission to streamline it. That way you aren't 100% reliant on facebook to keep in touch with your users! You never know what they are gonna do. Just wait for what we are planning to release ;-) Why not just have a library in Javascript, for example: Q.each(arr, function(i) { this.rocks(); arr.pop(); // watch out doing this in the loop arr.push('foo'); // watch out doing this in the loop }); Q.each(obj, function(k) { this.rocks(); delete obj[k]; // should be safe maybe }); var p = Q.pipe(crazy stuff involving pipes and callbacks) doSql("SELECT * FROM users", p.fill('users')); getUsers = Q.getter(getUsers); // turns it into a really smart getter getUsers = Q.batch(getUsers); // turns into into a batched getter and lots of other stuff Why must the language take care of everything for you when libraries can do it? That has been the case with C, C++ and other languages. Yeah, some features can be pushed into the language, but I like languages which have few rules. Like C and like CHESS :) My favorite languages are C, Java and Python though. So go figure... Benford's law makes a lot of sense if you consider that many of the numbers are derived from counting up from 0. The scale of these things is exponentially distributed, and therefore the leading digits are more likely to be 1 than 9. This is related to social media -- once your userbase gets big enough it starts growing or shrinking proportionally to its size, i.e. exponentially. This is also somewhat related to the value of a social network ... Metcalfe's law seems to be too optimistic. THe value is probably more like nlog n This is going to kick off a new era in social networking, which we all will be a part of :) What does it do? Very nicely done! This is one of the most prescient reports of the future that I have read. Jules Verne, step aside. I think saying "evolution theory" is very vague. There is the theory of common descent. That is what is being supported here: http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/comdesc/ But claiming that mutation and natural selection alone explains ALL speciation and ALL behavior that we observe today is just a simplistic position, almost an article of faith. How do you know there is no other factor involved? How do you know no other process WAS involved in the past? We don't. So far as I know, we have never observed macro evolution taking place in recorded history (although I would be happy to be shown wrong on this point), so what actually causes speciation is just speculation at this point. Common descent is one thing. "Evolution" is a loaded term. What does it mean? It's a bit like the people who claim that the Bing Bang Theory describes an explosion in the first seconds of the universe. Actually, the BBT just extrapolates backwards from what we observe today -- which is that the visible universe is expanding, and there is microwave radiation at its edges. How do we know there wasn't some other process earlier in the real universe, which would make our extrapolation completely erroneous? How do we know that the universe isn't infinite beyond our visible universe? Every year objects disappear further beyond the light horizon, due to the expansion of space. Who knows hoc much lies beyond that? And yet people talk about "the universe had a beginning" ... how do they KNOW? Okay I just wanted to throw a crazy idea at the end: Maybe our universe is like a reverse black hole, with a singularity at the edges instead of its interior. Meaning that just as gravity increases as you approach the singularity in a black hole, so the universe expands faster the bigger a "sphere" you take in it. 1) re evolution: when I say it's a "loaded" term, it's because it is sometimes by people who seem to make the additional assumption that mutation and natural selection are sufficient to produce the results we see today. I think that assumption is unfounded and seems to be more like a wish to keep things simple. I don't for example see how gay people could be genetically predisposed to be gay, since they would have a reproductive fitness level far lower than others. But that's not even the biggest thing. Little mechanisms which could hardly make a difference in survival one way or the other are doing an amazing job. Maybe it's sexual selection. But where is the evidence that all that we see around us was produced with simple mutation and natural selection? Regarding bacteria and viruses: that's micro-evolution, isn't it? Why is it macroevolution? 2) Regarding the BBT: so why do people think there was a "big bang" and talk about the "first few seconds of the universe" if the universe is probably infinite, and it is only the visible universe that we see expanding? 3) I don't know, I'm not a physicist... seemed like an intriguing way to think about the expansion though Yeah I read that already, but what I said doesn't necessarily imply creationism. What arguments do you have to show that everything we see today came about SOLELY through mutation and natural selection? What makes it fantastic, though? What is the hypothesis / theory exactly that they are espousing, when they talk about evolutionary psychology for example? Isn't it the fact that our behaviors all have an evolutionary basis, including e.g. the desire for a human male to sleep after sex? Each of these gets its specially concocted rendition of the narrator's fantasy -- e.g. "so that the women could get away more often after copulating". I find this to be completely unscientific and wonder what falsifiable predictions these theories make. I mean the ones that imply that everything can be explained simply in terms of "evolution" by mutation and natural selection. I don't know why you'd think religion is the only conceivable reason. I think both religious people and others start to see enemies where there aren't any (I guess it's an evolutionary psychology instinct, right? Because the human brain evolved to find tigers better, at the expense of false positives, etc.) To be honest I didn't remember a lot of my gripes off the bat when I wrote it, but a big one is the gratuitous use of evolutionary psychology by all armchair theorists and their book writing moms these days. How is that religious? They take any sort of human behavior and start speculating evolutionary reasons for it purely in terms of reproductive fitness, because in essence they are saying it all boils down to mutation and natural selection + it must be super simple. WHY? Science doesn't work this way. "Unless you have some truly spectacular competing theory, I'm just gonna use empty speculation to explain why people have non-advantageous trait X, because we know that mutation and natural selection take place". It works by making falsifiable predictions. What falsifiable predictions do armchair speculators about tiny human behavior make? Do they test them? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zv7b-KPg9hY :P Here is one that I remember was posted by a friend of mine on facebook. Note the empty speculation at the end. Really, narrator? Just because you have a British accent we should implicitly accept that assertion? Yeah phponpie.com has that :) $u = new User(); $u->id = 69; $u->retrieve(true)->having( )->orderBy( )->resume(); something like that :) Man just reading that list makes me tired... Woohoo! The page I started on Wikipedia has more hits: http://stats.grok.se/en/201108/Hessian_matrix One of the most versatile ways to have scalability and partition tolerance while also having consistency is having eventual consistency. And having eventual consistency with MVCC implemented with vector clocks really rocks. Riak takes Brower's CAP theorem seriously and even lets you configure the values per bucket so that you can get more of C, more of A or more of P. You don't need to store all the history, just the contentious history. Riak pretty much rocks in the sense that you can add nodes to it and it just works, or take them away and it just works. Just like Dynamo. (Not like Cassandra.) Why didn't a real hacker have a keylogger installed on his machine instead of just the webcam thing? You could have gotten the guys' password to his facebook Actually I have an idea which I will implement soon hopefully. It involves a vending machine for the homeless and money donated by people. If you're interested in participating, and have some kind of experience, contact me. http://magarshak.com/contact Hey. What does this give me that I can't get from just having a mercurial repository which has a bunch of clones and each clone pushes to the others when something changes? Obviously I mean a remotely activated keylogger - the computer goes online and checks a website to see if it should start the keylogging The Android strikes back! Start of the patent apocalypse. Here is a way to abolish patents -- overload the court system with it. what's the business model here? Help the world and make your next startup's business model "pay us to find prior art to invalidate patent X, and open source our results" We had a cool thing. We let the user use our site once, but to "activate their account" and set up a password, they had to click the link in their email. Otherwise they would be reminded next time they tried to sign in (without a password) It gave people an incentive to verify their email! Check out blurts.com and qbix.com for examples Yes, an aging population might be worrisome on the surface, but I find overpopulation more worrying. Therefore, I am happy that people in really populated countries are having less babies overall! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hM1x4RljmnE Longer (but more boring) version: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F-QA2rkpBSY&feature=relat... Wait a second bro. Trees don't rotate to face the sun. In order to have an optimal angle throughout the whole day, it would have to keep facing the sun, i.e. rotate. I believe he may have missed this point. As for the voltage measurement being the wrong metric -- agree. HP should just open-source WebOS and see some real competition. I personally think WebOS could very well be the WebKit to Android's Firefox. It's extremely elegant. So sad to see it go to waste. Rather than have it die in a proprietary silo, open it up like Netscape did with its codebase. Once it hits the scene I really think it would capture people's imaginations. Plus, it ain't Java (tm) It probably makes them more money than the alternative -- which is abandoning it or making it a tiny target that very few developers will care about. It's all about developers and the ecosystem. Ballmer was right about this. Apple nailed it. Facebook nailed it in the past. Everyone who attracted developers grew and got a lot of publicity and new stuff they never dreamed about. HP could lead the development of WebOS and that would be a great opportunity for them. Even if it costs them $10mil a year to maintain, it would give them OPPORTUNITIES that right now they are throwing away. Open source tends to do that. that is the point, trees don't have a flat array that doesn't move. If a function call is asynchronous, you can say you are "concurrent", because whatever that function is doing -- I/O, or something else -- is being done concurrently while you are handling another event. Usually Node.js spawns threads to do whatever it has to do, or the operating system does it asynchronously (e.g. using DMA and interrupts). Your site hurts my eyes Why doesn't anyone tell me about these 48 hour game coding competitions? I'd definitely like to join. Been a while! Can you elaborate please? What is this "HTTPS everywhere" and why do we need it? Wow. I was there. And I am still bootstrapping my company. Well we got seed money but a lot of it was still bootstrapped. Yet I feel we have way bigger ambitions... I wonder sometimes if raising investment sooner was better that assumes the power of the sun absorbed by the panel has a linear relationship to the angle to the panel, or some similar assumption. It may not be the case Actually, this is just a special case of a more general strategy: move as much as possible to the client. Typically, you can move all the code that doesn't sit behind an authorization wall, to the client. Just have two things: 1) Serve static files 2) Build web services and call them with js This scales. I don't think it's zero-revenue companies. I think it's group messaging apps that actually got traction and users. Beluga Kik Messenger GroupMe all of them got snapped up in short order. There is obviously a demand for the team and the userbase. Ten years ago I wrote a lexer myself for my own language, Q, because I didn't know about regular expressions. It was actually quite powerful. But I literally just implemented a state machine. To be honest, I think there were a couple things it did that a regular expression wouldn't be able to do. However, for the most part, the "efficiency" argument is off base. You can COMPILE regular expressions into tight code. Are you the same psykotic who was on EFNet in the past? I forgot where, but it may have been the #webdesign channel There are lots of people who would say that the right to bear arms is a constitutional right and produce stories of the person who COULD have stopped the criminal had they been able to bring the gun into the diner, but were powerless to do so. I guess there is no clear cut case you can make which everyone would accept, because liberty for libertarians is, in fact, just that. The British have had a problem with their teenagers for a very long time. I saw YouTube videos back in 2008 where a girl was like, "why do people cross to the other side of the street when they see young people? we don't all carry knives, we aren't ALL criminals. Why do they look at you like a criminal?" But the truth is, this problem hasn't really gone away. And Britain taking a page from the egypt/libya/tunisia playbook of limiting social nets isn't gonna help matters. If you are contemplating using or not using an ORM, chances are you are just starting to use a data store. At this point, perhaps you should contemplate whether to use a SQL based database or not! You can always use a NoSQL database, such as: * Riak * MongoDB * Redis or any of the other ones. And if you go with them, you won't need an ORM. If you go with a database that needs SQL, may as well explicitly specify the model methods and their SQL, yeah. Hey developers - remember, we plan to sue you for using technology Apple provides to you. We realize everyone was thrilled that we won't do that, but we will try our best to do that. Patents are supposed to be a compromise in order to facilitate new technology disclosure to the public. Does anyone realistically think that without Lodsys, in-app purchasing would have never appeared? Rather, only the negative side of the compromise is invoked: we must pay Lodsys because it acted quickly and submitted a patent for something that is obvious. I agree with pg, although I am concerned this might take away from the urge to reform software patents the real way: I would propose to eliminate software patents, or limit their time frame to 2 years. The industry moves way too fast and 17 years is way too long. I know pg wrote that "if you are against software patents, you are against patents", but consider this: the 17 years are completely out of proportion to how quickly the software industry moves. And the pace at which they are submitted is simply too great for the patent office to do anything appropriate in most cases. When we apply the patent trade-off to it, you get a negative result, not a positive one. The patent trade-off is essentially that the company discloses their "secret" invention to the public, in exchange for a 17 year MONOPOLY (enforced by the government) on so much as implementing this invention in any context. In software, innovations such as "in-app purchases" or "one-click buying" may not be obvious in 1997, but a couple years later they become "incremental improvements" that are pretty obvious to everyone. In fact, OPENNESS (open source, especially on the web with HTML, CSS and Javascript) has been the biggest driver of innovation, and not patents. Clearly, there are other motivations besides having a monopoly, and those motivations don't need the patent system at all. In contrast, they are being stifled by the patent system. No one read the lodsys patent in order to "invent" in-app purchases. They were just bloody obvious to implement when the time came. Almost any experienced practitioner in the art would have said it was obvious when they were introduced. Then Lodsys came out of the shadows and demanded money. My point is that the very purpose of patents is being undermined. It is supposed to promote innovation, by letting companies feel safe disclosing their "trade secrets" and "secret inventions". In reality, though, these inventions are extremely obvious to everyone when they are introduced a couple years later, and all software patents accomplish is the downside of the compromise: namely, a patent troll (a company that never implements anything, but just files patents) actually comes out and leeches money from those who DO implement the innovation. That makes innovation more expensive, and patents become like a tax on those who actually IMPLEMENT ideas -- which we all know is much more important than merely HAVING them. For up to 17 years anyone implementing this will have to pay, and is the industry better off? Not at all. It moves so fast, that in a couple years, what was patented by a troll becomes the next obvious step. Software patents for 17 years are not benefiting society. The purpose of patents, as I understand it, is to propose a compromise in order to promote innovation: the company which publicly discloses its non-obvious innovations through a patent is granted a MONOPOLY RIGHT by the government, and enforced by the courts, to prevent anyone else from implementing this invention without paying licenses. (Depending on the country, they may be forced to offer licensing, or not.) In the software industry, patents are unnecessary. Because whatever is patented, even if it is not obvious WHEN patented, it (or a variant of it that falls under the patent) nevertheless becomes OBVIOUS to lots of people a mere 3-4 years later. Therefore, we can easily explain how a 20-year monopoly has wound up HURTING the industry rather than helping it. Companies implement an invention WITHOUT rummaging through new patents that come out every year. It is obvious that most of the stuff implemented in the software industry was arrived at in a different way. Non-practicing entities can sue those who actually implemented the invention 3-4 years later. Meanwhile, those who implemented it, get hit with a suit. Therefore, patents have now become a tax on innovation. I repeat: the inventions were not obvious AT THE TIME THEY WERE PATENTED. And, those who ultimately implemented them DID NOT READ THE PATENTS in order to get the idea for the invention. Therefore the system is not serving its purpose. Patents are an exchange between the inventor and the public. The inventor discloses how an invention works, and in return gets a monopoly for 20 years so that no one else can implement it. In open source, the IMPLEMENTOR not only discloses a theoretical thing but actually builds it AND releases all the inner workings of it, AND others can build on top of it. So we get the upside with no monopoly. Why do we need the latter, then, if so much innovation happens without it? Very true! Apple is the foremost example of great design from the inside. I found this article to be very informative actually. I also would like to point out that it's not possible to be smart in every area. As Mark Twain said, "we are all stupid, just on different subjects". I think this patent law professor is an important voice, but once again my point is simple. Patents are NOT needed in the software industry to promote what is already a very fast moving environment. I prove this by showing something that is plain to everyone who is familiar with how tech companies work: they base their technology on incremental innovations, internal research, or open source. They do NOT read patent disclosures. We do not need to give out 20 year monopolies to incentivize patent disclosures by "inventors" to the public, because no one cares about these disclosures!! The relevant numbers would be the proportion of companies that public patent disclosures have helped. For example, how many people were helped by Google publishing their PageRank algorithm (in its "best form")? Probably some were helped, but not a lot. And this is one of the BIGGEST and most HELPFUL examples of patents. How many were helped by amazon's 1-click patent disclosure? I am willing to bet maybe ZERO people were actually helped because by the time it was asserted, it was OBVIOUS to everyone who made the technology. Are musicians not incentivized enough in Europe? Or are we trying to incentivize music creation in 1950s and 60s? :P I can see the court in Brussels going, "Mm, yes. I know what will motivate them to create better music! We'll make sure they own it when they are 105 years old! There's just too little good music these days, and this will make all the difference." Joking. Obviously it's special interests pushing to make money from their 1950s creations after having been incentivized enough to make them in the first place, at the expense of the public. This makes sense to me. For a company that wants to "organize the world's information and make it accessible and useful", sometimes it's great to have the foremost team of experts on restaurants. Who knows what else they'll branch out to. Plus the brand is trusted, so it's a good move from the PR perspective alsy. If you are the small guy, then try to get YOUR document to be the starting point. Use YOUR law firm to write it. Go to a law firm and tell them to use something from a similar contract before. If you expect there will be negotiations, basically try to use and re-use your standard document. You are going to be in this business for a while, hopefully. So you only have to pay for your standard document once. Plus you'll know the ins and outs of it better than anyone else. I think the right solution these days is to insist on standard documents and focus on the amendments rather than getting something from scratch. There is a good list of documents to form startups, for example, here: http://www.avc.com/a_vc/2010/03/standardized-venture-funding... Similarly there are things at legalzoom and other places. I realize that sometimes the big company will insist on going with their standard contract, but if they were really that adamant, they wouldn't let you go back and forth with your lawyer too much. Just start with your own document or walk away if you don't want to take the risk. What if they bring you in and detain you for not cooperating with the investigation? Under some reason? Are there laws for that? To compete with free alternatives, you need ease of use, social proof or loyalty. These can be monetized. Perhaps a site where readers subscribe to info ahead of time and pay, and then rate articles. People who write great articles get paid more. This article has one main point that I have come to agree with. If you are using an ORM, consider that you should actually be using a NoSQL database instead of a relational one. It may be the case that you don't, but really -- if what you want to do with objects is retrieve them, modify them, and save them, then a key value store is more like what you need. The answer is: because you often want ONE PLACE through which queries are sent, and you often want this place to understand the STRUCTURE of the query, in order to do things like sharding, for example. Sometimes, this one place is actual a MySQL proxy. Check out ScaleDB, which they just launched - it looks promising. But other times, it will be in your own app. That is the ORM :) But in that case I wonder how often you really need relational data stores. You will actually arrive at some sort of ORM if you start abstracting your CRUD operations into ONE PLACE. Basically ORM is the product of DRY. mysql query optimizer does SHARDING? and it's not a bottleneck? it's shared nothing? I have thought about this before, and I can confidently trace it back to two causes in my own life. 1) This was happening even when I was a developer and not just an entrepreneur. It is because when you are working on a problem, you want to reach a "save state" before going away. So you can pick up where you left off in the morning. Sometimes you think the "save state" is just an hour away and it turns out to be 3 hours or more. Basically you have the context in your head NOW and it's annoying to have to serialize it into something and unserialize it later. You want to at least finish a subtask. As a result, the "bedtime" of a developer is indefinite, unlike in 9-5 careers where you can clock out and stop thinking about things. For entrepreneurs, this is a smaller problem, but for developer-entrepreneurs, it is a combined problem. The entrepreneur might be puzzle-solving at night as well, and doesn't want to have to serialize/unserialize in some arbitrary state. Also their brain gets used to problem solving and can't stop. Kind of like this: http://xkcd.com/356/ 2) Now, the second reason is that we are probably young, in our 20s or early 30s. As a result, we came out of a college environment and late night partying is important to younger people. Late night anything, because one again, that is the time that young people have for themselves and they don't want to put a definite curfew on it. You can be more irresponsible earlier in life, drinking and socializing until late. In addition, many young people have to study in college and aren't gonna get fired if they don't show up at 8 AM to work, so once again we have this "I don't want to put this book down until I've finished the chapter" thing. As you get older and have a family, if you have to wake up early, then your habits will change. I also have a theory that young people have ALWAYS been more nocturnal than their elders, who become morning people at 70 :) Well, I agree that WebKit should probably be adopted in Internet Explorer, so Microsoft can once again innovate in the browser space while helping everyone. Maybe they should join Google and Apple in embracing open source software and committing their changes into a free project. Because then everyone wins, including Microsoft. No more IE6 nonsense. We always have this question of centralized / decentralized. Whether it's social networks, or government, or the web. Flash was a centralized platform, and so what? Many people complain that iTunes and Flash etc. are not super accessible, and also that companies which exert influence tend to lock up their customers (except maybe Google and Yahoo :) The best example of this when it comes to the desktop was Microsoft. They wanted to get everyone into their ecosystem. Now Apple is the new Microsoft. I personally think that "open source" should always be a competitor to proprietary stuff. Whatever the centralized effort would be, it should be open source. I personally think javascript-based technologies like the browser, jQuery, like PhoneGap and like Node.js are going to become more and more important. So what we really need is a standard ECMAScript that is implemented correctly everywhere, and we're pretty much there. Disagree. Eric Schmidt is being very careful and respectful, knowing that his quotes will be taken apart later, and it's hard when you have congressmen some of which with their own agendas who want to show their constituents that they are asking Google the tough questions and are not afraid to take action. Whenever I see a person and think, "man, that would be really hard for me to do, and I am a CEO!" I think they are doing an excellent job. I would say that a programmer's carefulness is serving him well here. Even though he's not one, as far as I know . :) This is cool, but check out Yahoo Pipes ;) I used to deride web applications by saying we are trying to make DOCUMENTS behave like APPLICATIONS. However, we should keep in mind that the explosion on the web also happened because of user generated content, and by that I don't mean just silly facebook comments. I mean blog posts, I mean photos, I mean content where the users are able to control the presentation. Or ideally, where users indicate semantic information. This is what has made Web 2.0 great, if I may :) And there is one language for this: HTML. It may not be perfect but what we are really talking about is an XML-like language to indicate semantics. It is ubiquitous. So it's not just about hyperlinks. It is about structured data where you are able to embed the semantic information directly in the data. Sure, you could have the web based around JSON, for example. But why bother, when we already use brackets everywhere? And once you start using those brackets, everything else follows. But we would do well if we had this: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2024164 Well, Jerry Yang speaks Chinese... :) The purpose of government should be to ensure that the minimum expectations of its citizens are met. These minimum expectations are a changing set of things, and I think that better feedback between government agencies and those which are affected by the rulings would be one of the best ways to solve the country's problems. I think that http://data.gov and http://recovery.gov are a step in the right direction. Experts should analyze the data and blog about it, and the government agencies should be keeping an ear out to what experts are saying. Also the interested public can do the same. The word "minimum" that I use is not accidental. The problem is that government rarely solves just the minimum set of problems. Once an agency exists, among the new employees there are always those who want to make their mark, and increase the amount of regulation. This is how government grows and grows. It's free for them to regulate but not free for those who have to implement it, and thus they don't feel the right incentives at the time. We need to figure out a way to incentivize government to stick as much as possible to only enforcing minimum regulations. Maybe it can be done by requiring them to get the citizenry to clamor for something before they implement it. I've heard that a lot. The problem with this kind of formulation is that "rights" is a loaded term, like "intellectual property". It implies that there are some universally recognized rights that come from nature, and only those. For example, if "intellectual property" was a natural right, then where does the 20 years come from in patents? That number 20, or the length of copyright, show that it's society's conventions and not rights. Instead, I treat everything as "expectations". Thousands of years ago, most people expected to hunt or farm if they wanted to eat. 500 years ago you didn't expect almost every child to survive past childbirth and the early years. Now we expect all these things and more. Clean water. Food that doesn't contain killer bacteria. Buildings that don't have obvious structural problems. Obviously we can't ensure things 100% but we as a society can work to set up organizations to regulate and oversee these things. A free market allows anyone to start cutting corners at any time, such as a new and inexperienced company that wants to make things cheaper. For example, a real estate developer can build a building that's not up to code. In theory, we could all walk around with our own subscriptions to private "auditing agencies" like Zagat for buildings, that would inspect buildings as they are built or whatever. But most of us outsource this kind of stuff to a centralized government. Which we vote for. Also, government could tax us to do unprofitable stuff such as the US Postal Service. However, the problem is that our government lacks incentives to stop growing, and we need to introduce them. I am not saying that "expectations" are slippery slopes, it is just the word I use to describe the situation, much like I use "government granted monopoly right" instead of "intellectual property right". I am just observing what governments do and what their purpose is supposed to be. Once we can agree on what their purpose is, then we can decide on what they should be doing, and perhaps how to make them more efficient at doing it. People today expect more from their governments than 2000 years ago. If we were talking about "rights", they would be the same throughout time. But it's more mundane than that. Anyway, "ensuring that the minimum expectations of the citizens are met" is not just for welfare states. It is for ALL governments that serve their people. The Ron Paul solution? How do you propose to move from the current situation to a non elastic currency backed by a combination of commodities, in a way that doesn't involve hurting a lot of people? And how would it be better? I just wanted to correct something about Fitts' Law. The article talks about how big the angle is, but this is not very relevant. In fact, if you throw the mouse in the upper right direction, it will hit the top right corner no matter which edge it hits first. Thus you actually can hit the corner spots without even aiming in a particular square. Try this on a mac: throw your pointer into the top left or top right corners, and press the button. You WILL open the menu, even though it may not have been obvious that you would -- the highlighted region around the icon does not extend to the edge. So in fact, it's ok to make them smaller. aha, got it. Man, I could write volumes regarding meeting people. I made a study of it because I was very interested. Now I should put it into practice. I was just too disorganized/lazy to take my own advice. First of all, organizing things that others will enjoy is certainly a great way. But you also have to motivate people to bring their friends, otherwise you'll always be seeing the same people. People bring their friends when there is something they really want them to experience, so that's what you should focus on. Also, meeting people is a great way to realize that you can outsource responsibilities to others, something that can actually "scale". Often this allows you to network to the right people. The key here is not to be perfect, and not to put too much responsibility on yourself. For example, you want to bring together two groups of people (men and women, say, or investors and entrepreneurs) that would really like to meet each other. You want to cultivate an aura of quality (i.e. the men and women are exceptionally attractive for whatever reason) and selectiveness in order to inspire people to perpetuate this selectiveness and recommend it to their friends. Suddenly the experience is created not just by you, but by this self perpetuating aura of exclusivity. Being the facilitator and helping people meet each other actually gets you a lot of points, which you can use later when you need a favor yourself. If you're coming as a guest, though, there is a real economics that starts happening, and a currency. Perhaps it is unfortunate from an idealistic point of view, but that's the way it works in many conferences, nightclubs, etc. In general, though, if you want to come to events as a guest, you probably want to be invited either by the organizer or by a regular. If it's the organizer, you'd ideally like to bring some "high quality" friends to the event (such as fellow smart engineers) and introduce them to the organizer, so the organizer will want to invite you again. Additionally you can form a little "group" that tells each other about events and invites each other. At these events, when you talk to someone important, you can tout the other people in the group instead of bragging about yourself, and they would do the same for you. As a result, you are able to meet many more people through your "network" who is out there meeting people in 10 different places and filtering them for you, because you yourself can be in only one place at a time. How to start motivating people you know to start networking wherever they are and mentioning you when the opportunity comes up? You have to start doing it for them first. Ask for their business cards. You have to hook people up with opportunities and then ask them to go out and do the same for you. Give them your business cards. I thought this way for a while too, although not about everything. Actually some things can be really fake while others are actually simply thoughtful! It's the way you are taught to think about it. Let me give you a small example. You know about etiquette right? In every country it's different. Are you manipulating people because you behave differently at Church/Synagogue/etc. and in a bar, or with your parents, or at a dinner table? Are you manipulating people by trying to learn their language and making sure you talk about what's important to THEM an not just whats important to you? I am sure that put this way, you think it's actually all good things. Yet, once we start going further and looking at it more mechanically, it starts to seem disgusting to you and to many people. Perhaps it has to do with the Uncanny Valley actually. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uncanny_valley Here is the thing. You want people to not be systematic and strategic to a large extent when meeting other people, except where everyone in society is already being shamed into doing it. Why? I think it is because when someone becomes systematic and strategic, then any particular interaction seems like it's just a pawn in a larger scheme, doesn't mean as much to the one being strategic, and for the most part this is unfortunately true. On the other hand, greater mastery over a domain lets you make better moves, and over time gives you more connections and more experience so that you can actually HELP people in ways you couldn't before. An experienced salesman can sell your pretty good product that you couldn't sell yourself, and you can rely on him to do so, even though you might think his sales tactics are "scammy" at first blush. A person who knows a lot of people after many years is able to connect you to the right people even though they have such a large network that you can't possibly imagine they have close relationships with most of them, yet they help you and you appreciate it. Winston Churchill made sure to remember the name and interests of each person he spoke to at dinners. Is he being manipulative and strategic? Maybe. But people loved him. I think the bottom line here is this: forget the "stigma" that society forces you to attach to actually putting thought and strategy into achieving things when it comes to meeting people, organizing things, etc. If you are producing a result that HELPS EVERYONE INVOLVED, then you are actually doing a good thing. The litmus test is, if you encountered someone who was a master at what you are trying to do, would you be HAPPY that they did this to you, or NOT happy? I think most of it is about being aware of what the other person really needs and wants, and working to give it to them. For example when a nightclub promoter invites you (a guy) what he really would like is for you to bring a girl or two to the event, so more alcohol will be sold. If you don't, he may be glad you came but ultimately if you did, he would be way happier because you are helping him. You may say, "well, you USED the girls to get more points with the promoter". But you also USED the promoter to help the girls! They all get free drinks and a great time, and meet more people. And they also think you are a cool guy that they had a great time with that night. So everyone wants to see you again. Look at the suggestion at the end of my post. Do you really consider it creepy that you take your friends' business cards, ask them who they are desperately looking to meet, and actually talk them up to people whenever you feel that you might make a good match? And then ask your friends to do the same once you have made some results for them? Is it weird that you have a group of guys who remember to meet girls for their friends and invite them all to a big house party so they can introduce their friends and generally hang out and have a good time? Is "every man for himself" the only non fake strategy? Or is it actually MORE fake? The guy has to generate all the social proof out of thin air, and at the end of the day, the first strategy attracts people far more, because a group of cool people who respect each other is more attractive. Why not be part of one. well said :) Quality comes later. You do this kind of thing to get ahead in a certain world where you want to achieve something that you wouldn't normally achieve if you did things, as you say, "naturally". Like I said you can be creepy and a "user" if you do it only for yourself. Or you can focus on helping people and connecting them like Ron Conway for example. It happens in all sorts of human interactions. You say you would never go to a house party full of people you don't know. Would you go to one that has lots of people you do know -- i.e. your friends? Let me ask you something ... as an introvert, how do you plan to meet someone e.g. a girl you are attracted to, if your immediate circle of friends wouldn't introduce you to one? How do you meet people if you never go to events full of people you don't know? Actors in hollywood, etc. have to hustle and make connections. Same goes for musicians, comedians any other performing art. They can't ALL be creepy can they? What I can tell you is this. A lot of people you meet who make you feel good do it by having empathy and UNDERSTANDING where you are coming from. If you do this systematically with everyone (e.g. think about what a promoter would appreciate before coming to the party) then you aren't being creepy, you are being considerate. And people like that. Yes, this generates social proof, but that's the next level. You generate things bigger than yourself. Just because you are able to "hack" the system doesn't mean you're a bad person, if you are helping everyone. And the point of this is? You use Node.js for writing evented programs using Javascript. It is awesome for that. It is better than PHP, and a bunch of other solutions, for actually handling web clients. Heck, it brings us back to the days where we can handle the C10K problem without much work! And it's friggin Javascript! All these politics are missing the point. This blog post is missing the point. Things SHOULD be simple. There SHOULD be an insanely fast evented solution to do things. And there is. Get over it. It's tough being anonymous and set yourself apart from copycats. Actually the best attack some agency can do against anonymous is keep spamming "anonymous" videos to the point where there is so much noise that their message is tuned out. The thing is, if there really is no leadership, how does anyone even tell if someone is "really" in Anonymous? Or if some video is "really" from them? Can even members of Anonymous tell? Otherwise it's like github and forking, except of idealistic concerns. Disagree. Web apps can be cached locally. Web apps can run in PhoneGap or Prism and have access to your desktop. Sure, they aren't for everything. But having a common platform of HTML and Javascript and CSS is actually pretty great, especially for hiring purposes! The native bindings can be extended either using drop-in plugins or by hiring native developers to do really well defined tasks. Which once again is good news for both stability, speed of development, and hiring. Yea, try doing this in Venice, then talk to me :) Terrorism is primarily a problem of technology, imho. As things become more automated, they have a capacity to be used for both intended and unintended purposes. If our military relies on drones, it should make sure they can't be used against us :) But to illustrate my main point, 1000 years ago it was impossible for one man to destroy a lot of people. 500 years ago a man Guy Fawkes could use gunpowder to blow up part of a building. SInce then we invented dynamite, planes, rockets... a society in which technology enables a small group of people to wreak havoc on a large group of people must necessarily have more surveillance/intelligence than one where this is not possible, if it is to ensure the security of its citizens. I mean what is to prevent a person from releasing a contagious virus in the NYC subway or something similar, and the effects to show up only days later? I hate to say it but we don't know where we're going with all this technology's potential for bad things. I would recommend a reboot of javascript instead: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2044752 Can't a service throttle the login attempts, though? Or are we talking about trying to reconstruct passwords from a stolen database? I can understand about Google Buzz ... they are replacing it with Google+. But what about Code Search? It's like they mention it once, and then don't give a reason. I think that was useful for many people! I wonder why they are closing it... If you were wondering, this is one of the techniques involved in making the awesome zoom at DISQUS.com (disclaimer: I didn't make it, just investigated it through Chrome Developer Tools :) Can anyone reply here and elaborate on how exactly that "zoom" effect was made, because it's awesome, and DISQUS is the only place I've seen it. I have made a similar effect at http://myownstream.com and http://www.fotomozo.com/gallery?name=out4c2df5372f234.png but without the round lens. Thanks! I assume that the border-radius is what causes the image to appear round like that. Do you think it works in all the major browsers which support rounded corners? FF, IE8+, and WebKit? Also I think there is one more factor * The background position is probably being controlled by javascript as well That's awesome! I wasn't aware of these IE behaviors. Thanks once again for the info. Now the effects can work everywhere! I don't know about all that, but my math background does nudge me to point out one thing: The fibonacci sequence is such that a[n+2] = a[n+1] + a[n], and as a result, we have a[n+1] / a[n] -> a[n+2] / a[n+1] that is to say, the sequence of ratios a[n+1] / a[n] tends to a limit, and this limit is Phi here is the cool thing: in spirals, there is a certain scale invariance going on when it comes to fibonacci numbers. Consider a rectangle where its larger side is Phi * its smaller side. If whatever process made the rectangle uneven now operates with the larger side, it will make a rectangle whose larger side is Phi * its smaller side (assuming the process is scale invariant). Of course, in reality this would be much more of a continuous process. Put another way, if a process has the following properties: 1) it is scale invariant 2) it is rotation invariant 3) its operation on the larger structure overpowers its operation on the smaller structure then this process would produce something akin to a golden ratio spiral. So I would expect at least some things in nature to be like this, at least theoretically. EDIT: that said, passing the golden ratio thing off as fact when it's just a coincidence is doing a big disservice to science, especially when done by science teachers. I think this is the type of process I was talking about. And yes, it's Phi that is important, and not the fibonacci sequence. Oh man, that guy is good. Chris Jennings. I wonder if he would do consulting work for another company? How did he work for pixelcloud and disqus? I would really like to reach out to him about possibly designing stuff for Qbix.com if he's interested. I've always admired Jeff Attwood's courageous honesty and insight. Gives me hope for getting married :) I really doubt this would be enforceable in an American court. The question is, can a little guy with no lawyers actually win the case if a motion is admitted by a judge? Why not combine the two? CLIs can benefit from autosuggest, a lot. I don't want to type too much or risk making typos. So they should suggest the legal choices, and order them by most common first (or maybe alphabetically). For those who don't like the autosuggest popping up automatically, you'd have a setting to establish a key combo to bring it up. Also, it's nice to underline possible spelling mistakes, and be able to hyperlink words to lists of related locations when I click on them. Meanwhile, GUIs can include a "drop into CLI mode". If we have a GUI that has a CLI mode with autosuggest, I would think this is the best of both worlds. Often times, I just want to design a COMPONENT, and then go right back to using the GUI. I am sure many people feel depression -- and probably beyond simple teenage angst. I realize I haven't been in their shoes, but I want to offer advice that I've figured out in my own experience, that lets you feel happy whenever you want to: 1) Think about all the people who have it worse than you. Think about what you have and what you can be thankful for. 2) Speak using only positive words for an hour, avoiding negative words. 3) Keep a list of things you are proud that you have accomplished, and as you read it, smile a bit. You get natural feedback. 4) Do a small thing to fix your circumstances, such as cleaning a window, that you can then sit back and enjoy. It's not much but you can do an excellent job of it, and it will give you what psychologists call a "feeling of agency" -- that you have control over much in your world if you just put your mind to it. 5) Help someone! I just watched this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxEkBt3c3CM 6) Lower your expectations for things you cannot control. The only source of disappointment is failed expectations, and the amount of desire you had is proportional to the disappointment. 7) Triple your deadlines, get an organizer to clear your head, and you will remove your stress. 8) Talk to someone who loves you and respects you. Share something that you both enjoy! If you do these things you're almost guaranteed to feel much happier! I've had bad online forum responses from people who were depressed before, when I posted this advice on how to fel happier, so I actually appreciate the feedback. Still, I find it interesting that -- even though this advice would help many people to feel happier at will -- I get so much defensiveness in response. What is wrong with proposing a natural means to treat the symptoms of something, even if it does have a deeper cause? Is anything other than recognizing the need for a dose of drugs to correct a hormonal imbalance wrong? I'm just trying to understand the reaction, and I have no doubt that it's a genuine one. It goes far beyond the "drug industry + FDA vs natural remedies" thing. I mean, I find it fascinating: advice like that would be very useful to me and a lot of people who were not clinically depressed, like a psychological toolset to feel better, and which could, over the long term, actually bring about measurable changes in habits and confidence to feel better, and thus MAY, or at least has potential to, actually improve a long term condition. I am just writing this to try to understand. Why do you intend to denigrate what I said by calling it a "Church Newsletter List". What does this have to do with religion? Am I not supposed to share my methods of feeling happier with someone who is Depressed (with a capital D, which was Diagnosed in the DSM-IV)? Am I not supposed to share ways I help motivate myself psychologically, with a person who is for example an alcoholic? I should just keep quiet about tools and technology that I have found useful to effect positive changes in myself, because someone is a Depressed, an Alcoholic, a Cripple, or whatever suddenly makes them "different"? Should I be scared of the moral "wrongness" to treat them with camaraderie, like other people I believe to be capable of understanding things? The only right thing to do is to refer them to a medical professional who will prescribe them drugs, and get the hell out of the way -- certainly never share any advice? I listed 8 thing that you can try in your own life which will make you feel happier. It won't cure depression. I never claimed it cures depression. If you don't have the will to get better, you may not want to do them. But if you DO have the will to feel HAPPY in 10 mins, then doing them may help you, even if temporarily. What is wrong with that? I just want to understand the reasons behind the reaction. I am not an expert in this and these are my armchair theories, but they are based on personal experiences and the medical knowledge that I do have. I am only sharing them because I feel that the "experts" do not have enough evidence in their field to make what they say too much more authoritative. Please take it with a grain of salt. Obsessive thoughts are associated with OCD just as much as with depression. A lot of them happen because of pathways in the brain get strengthened over time so that a trigger will cause a particular thought pattern to occur. The triggers can be many different things, or a combination, from diet related, to amount of sleep, to words you heard and your subconscious brain started thinking about, to concepts you were exposed to. For example almost all of us have obsessive sexual fantasies which get triggered by exposure to porn. We have been conditioned by our society and advertising to have various cravings, etc. Now, if you want control over these -- it will be a LONG TERM process because your brain gets wired like "hardware", some pathways get stronger over time and you can't re-wire it instantly. (Unless of course you are Phineas Gage, which you don't want.) There is no 100% solution that works for everyone obviously. Sometimes you can't get from here to there. But if you use the model above, you can almost always make a number of serious changes in what you think about. Try to identify your triggers by paying attention to specific things that happen before you get the obsessive thoughts. Try to isolate the parts of your mind that are engaged by these things. What commonality do these have? Learning more about your triggers helps you avoid them while you re-condition your brain. Look at your expectations, which are internal pressures you put on yourself. You set yourself up for disappointment when something doesn't happen, when you find yourself in a certain state where the thing you expected didn't happen. This is a massive trigger, because it is set by yourself, and you self-identify with it. The worst triggers are the ones that you identify with having caused yourself. Work on breaking bad associations. When I you to complete this two word phrase: "peanut-" do you think "-butter"? If this is negative to you, then try to introduce a competing association that doesn't give you negative triggers, and doesn't cause obsessive thoughts. For example, "peanut-taste". It certainly is a silly example (think of whatever is in your ACTUAL situation, it may not involve just two words but entire thoughts). But the point is, rather than saying "don't think about the pink elephant" and hoping it'll work, you try to associate one or more competing pathways with your triggers, and eventually, through the competition, you may remove the pathway that leads to suicidal thoughts or other obsessive thoughts. Also you can set up competing pathways that lead OUT of your obsessive thoughts. These may be things you feel strongly about, such as your kids, pleasant associations from your childhood, or things you really want to accomplish in your life. Once you find yourself already thinking about suicidal thoughts, find ways out that worked for you, and write them down. They may lose their power over time, so it is important to find good reasons to believe in them. Notice this matches exactly what you did with the "Get busy living, or get busy dying." You used to say, "Suicidal thoughts? Stop thinking about them or just do it already." And it used to snap you out, but in the long term it just lost its authority just like anything else that fails to deliver on its promise for a long period of time. The best way is to have this combination of competing pathways that AVOID leading into obsessive / depressing thoughts and competing pathways that lead OUT of obsessive / depressing thoughts work together. Because, if you find that your episodes of having obsessive / depressing thoughts get more and more rare, you will find that you can TRUST the competing pathways to get you out, and unlike "stopping believing" (as you described above), you and your unconscious mind will trust them and follow them, and eventually you will minimize the problem. Also, people are motivated by contrasts. When you have too much of X, or you get tired / bored of it, you start wanting an alternative to X, or perhaps even "not X". This is what can cause, for example, people who have everything to go and try something completely wacky, that would leave others saying, "what were they thinking?" This is only somewhat related, but if you want to motivate yourself to do something, artificially hold yourself back from the thing you want to do. You will feel the absence and the space and will be glad when given the chance to start doing it. Finally, HABITS in the real world affects how often triggers come up. The ultimate prevention is by instilling better habits. As one example, some people with chronic joint pain avoid wheat products and find that their chronic joint pain goes away. In general, I would say getting lots of sleep and physical exercise -- especially assuming you are on the computer a lot, since you are here -- will effect positive PHYSICAL changes and can once again be something you can come to trust as a method to have a better life. This trust is important, and if you break your "good habit" out of laziness, your results won't be as pronounced and your trust won't be as strong. You have to let the habit earn its trust. Over time you will be able to take liberties with it, but not in the beginning. Again these are just my own impressions on the topic, and I fully recognize that it's hard or impossible to do when you are actually EXPERIENCING the obsessive thoughts or depression, so I would recommend to do all your thinking during your "lucid" phase and then work with your "compromised" self -- i.e. the one present during the episodes -- to replace this depression with something better. I invite any criticism of what I say, like I said I'm just sharing a model that seems to make sense to me. No, it is intended to be specific advice on how to temporarily treat symptoms of a condition. It could be incorporated into a larger therapy. For example, aspirin or acetamenophen products are used to quickly relieve a fever. Do you snap at people who offer these, because they don't treat the underlying problem (a viral infection)? I am trying to understand why. Why do you have such high respect for the knowledge these therapists have? Isn't it a bit like cargo cult science? If this sounds provocative, it is because I am trying to get a response and more info. Why is it that the various psychology schools are SO respected that any layman's advice or armchair theory is instantly considered "harmful" even though it is HELPFUL to people I know who aren't clinically depressed? I am just trying to understand why someone offering normal and rational advice is told that they are causing harm. There's some unsaid extra assumption here about the depressed people, and I would like to know what it is, and where is the evidence for it. I guess I intend this list to be used as a set of tools. Just like recommending aspirin or mucinex to relieve symptoms does not mean people shouldn't see a doctor to see if they can't be prescribed antibiotics. What is the reason to treat depressed people specially so that this reasoning doesn't apply there too? As a side question -- and I am really just trying to find out more -- you are extremely confident that depression must be given medical attention and only medical attention. Can you elaborate on that? What specifically do you mean by this? Is it a well known condition that can be treated in all cases? Or is it a cargo-cult-science type thing where some things are treated but over half the cases are just handwaving? When a psychologist says "you should see me again, how about next week" how do you know they are actually helping? etc. When a psychiatrist prescribes a drug, how do you know people wouldn't be cured without it? I am just asking how do you know, because I really want to have more information about it. And since you seem confident I want to ask what you know about this condition. Is it one specific disease or is it just a general guessing game by the experts, kind of like the drugs in these studies: http://www.newyorker.com/reporting/2010/12/13/101213fa_fact_... I wrote about something similar here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3161027 Why encourage users to be developers at the EXPENSE of things that "just work"? When I think of a Linux I should install just to get things done, I think of Ubuntu. The more it positions itself that way, the more it will get users. The GPL and free software culture should take care of the rest. It is the responsibility of developers to build an ecosystem for themselves, because they know how to do it. Don't you guys see this is why Linux's marketshare has been so small for now? If you don't like Ubuntu, by the way, there are always other Linux distros. You're welcome to install Slackware. On my server, I run CentOS. Why can't there be ONE linux distro that regular people can use without reading a manual? I found that like Steve, I tend to dream big. But at the same time I don't have any big connections. My advice to entrepreneurs would be to get the right people involved your first venture, even if it means giving up way over 50% of your company. Because it's better to exit a successful venture, with money, connections and a track record, than own close to 100% of your first venture and spending years growing it. Chances are, this isn't your last idea and you will want to start other companies in the future. When you do, you'll have more money, resources, connections, and people willing to fund you (if you want) as a serial entrepreneur. That said, I was never able to do it myself. My first project out of the gate is super ambitious and aims to change the face of the social internet, help people accomplish things in the real world, and improve privacy for everyone. It's coming along and we have over 30k daily users. http://qbix.com But it took a long time to get here. And now I am thinking that we might just be able to make it on our own steam. So in a way, I am kind of pursuing my dream, and never had the time to start and exit a successful, but ultimately temporary, venture.