Enter Socrates, just asking questions..... (remember that the charges for which he was put to death started with 'corrupting the youth of Athens'). This is both a horribly bad idea for a wide variety of reasons, and to top it off, it won't work, not even in principle. This article is too mild, not exaggerated or a commercial advocacy piece as some commenters assert. I know lot about carbon fiber. I own and run a business designing and hands-on fabricating carbon fiber components and products for aerospace/defense, top motorsports teams, UAV/Drones, sporting goods and more. (started this 12yrs ago after one of the software companies I co-founded sold). I was a competitive cyclist and still Mtn Bike a lot and race occasionally. Obviously, I think carbon components are fantastic. I could make my own, but I do not. Here's why: ENGINEERED MATERIALS: Carbon Fiber composites are an engineered material. This is great because the strength is very specific, and we can put the strength exactly where we need it, and omit the strength -and the weight- where it is not needed. This also means that the materials MUST be properly engineered to yield acceptable performance. This is NOT just fancy plastic or "black aluminum". Get the engineering right, and you have amazing parts that are both stronger and lighter than steel or aluminum. It is not unusual for us to outperform an aluminum product with a 40-50% weight savings and higher strength numbers. BUT, get the engineering wrong, and a carbon part that looks massively overbuilt, thicker and heavier than the equivalent steel part, will fail catastrophically. Moreover, there are THOUSANDS of combinations of grades of carbon fibers and epoxies, all appropriate for different applications, and these must also be properly selected. So, even if you obtain the exact molds used by Specalized to make their frame, without knowing the exact materials and design, it would be very difficult to make a frame that performed properly. FABRICATION PROCESS: The fabrication process is critical. - Everything must be cleaned properly. - Every single one of the hundreds of pieces of carbon fiber must be cut properly, then placed properly in the mold, in the correct sequence, and the correct orientation. - The mold components and compression tools must be placed properly and achieve and maintain the designed pressures. - The heat and cooling cycle must be applied properly. - The demolding must occur properly. - Any post-cure cycling must occur properly. - Any secondary bonding must be prepared and executed properly. Any failure in these hundreds of steps, and the frame will have a flaw that can hurt of kill someone. (not that it necessarily will, but it easily could -- simply consider hitting bumps in a fast descent -- that will be the exact point of maximum load, most likely to cause failure, and now the cyclist is Wyle E. Coyote... not fun). The fabrication process is analogous to having to ship software where we cannot make an error-corrected perfect digital copy, but each new copy must be hand-transcribed before shipping, and of course cannot be destructively tested. How well would you trust bootleg software running your heart pacemaker if it had to be copied the way monks copied bibles in the middle ages? TESTING PROCESS: Both the engineering design and the fabrication process must be subjected to rigorous testing. On the engineering side, even the most sophisticated modeling software needs real-world test validation of even basic parts models, as the number of variables is huge, and an initial design often does not yield the expected results. On the production side, every step of the process must be carefully designed, and verified to accurately and repeatedly produce parts that perform as engineered. BOTTOM LINE: This is obviously just skimming the surface, but the bottom line is that there are hundreds of opportunities for failures to creep in even when trying to do it right, and ridiculous opportunities for counterfeiters to cut corners. And most of them will NOT be readily visible to casual inspection of the product. I could, with my knowledge and access to my own shop, make a pair of carbon fiber handlebars to ride tomorrow. But I wouldn't ride them further than around the parking lot. We'd need to make a big investment in designing then fabricating and testing scores of units before having the confidence to take one for a real ride. But, standing in the shoes of a desperate counterfeiter in China, where ripping-off IP is the ethical norm, and who will be selling parts to unseen and probably despised customers on the other side of the globe, and who probably doesn't understand enough about the engineering pitfalls anyway ... ... sure, just copy some molds, buy any old carbon, and start slapping it in and cooking it, just make sure it looks good. I've seen even legit parts come in from Asia with crazy shortcuts, never mind the counterfeit stuff. I've also personally witnessed those parts causing disasters. As a rider, just seeing this crap coming into the US is truly frightening. Even the legit parts are cause for worry -- are the US guys actually riding herd on the Chinese QC well enough? Probably. The counterfeit or low-market stuff? Forget it -- you literally couldn't pay me enough to ride it anywhere further than across the parking lot. Anyone who considers doing so is really ignorant of the real risks. It's just physics, and physics does not care about you. "carbon reinforce plastic is ultimately just fancy plastic" NO, it isn't. That is a very erroneous and dangerous assumption. Carbon Fiber Composite is an Engineered Material, which is very different from ordinary plastics or metals, in just about every important way. Please see my comment above and do some research, but do not spread this false concept. YW; I just saw the post late, but was really annoyed at the deep ignorance of some of the comments here -- it really demonstrated the problems of very smart and knowledgeable people making judgements outside their area of expertise with insufficient information. Even if it was not read much, I needed to at least add some basic facts to the discussion. Thx for letting me know that it was worth it! Sorry you missed the context. Per the comment, please read my other post which provides a good primer on high level detail and perhaps do some research on Engineered Materials vs Monolithic Materials. I'll also provide a bit more detail here: Monolithic materials, such as ordinary metals or plastics are substantially the same in all directions. You can work with them by getting the basic info on their properties, and then design and cut them from any direction. Other than edge cases pushing the limits where you have to watch for grain effects in some metals, you can cut it and shape it any way you like. In contrast, for engineered materials, at the most basic level, their properties are HIGHLY directional. The cool thing about this is that it means that we can put the strength exactly where it is needed, and omit the strength (and weight) where it is not needed. BUT, this means that these materials MUST be engineered. The designer MUST understand the details of the loads and load paths, and design the material to handle it. The fabricator MUST follow those designs exactly in hundreds of parameters. Otherwise, the part will fail. On the good side, it is not unusual for us to beat the performance of aluminum by 40-50%. On the bad side, it would not be hard to make a carbon part that appears massively overbuilt, heavier and thicker than steel, yet would fail catastrophically. (note that this is just the most basic level, and overlooks issues of the many types and grades of carbon or the hundreds of types of epoxy, chemistries, cure rates, bonding, inserts, etc., and their appropriate application.) Carbon Fiber is most definitely NOT "just fancy plastic" or 'black aluminum', and that assumption is wrong and can be very dangerous. (ironically, I agree with many of your other points, but that assumption really needs to be put to rest) Yes, we do now have far better onboard sensor suites and logging than in decades past. And this can provide incredible amounts of information, and get us closer to the source of issues much faster. Many times, it makes the issue immediately obvious and documented. HOWEVER! Do NOT make assumptions and fool yourself into thinking this is a cure-all. There are many problems that, while the logged sensor data narrows it down and provides clues, it can sometimes either not provide the critical clues, or can even be misleading. Yes, sometimes adding more sensors focused on the issue may help, but not always. Sometimes it is just down to the hard work of finding the peculiar circumstances and interactions that cause previously unknown failure modes. Been there, done that (UAV & motorsport systems), seen lots of very smart & experienced engineers stumped for way longer than you'd expect. Come back in 15 years and say that nobody cares. Unless it is fixed before that time, you'll care then. Spend a couple of decades building, and leading teams to build, great software that creates $millions in value (sales or savings for your co), and get so you really know your way around both the tech and business side of things. Then, when you are really ready to sink your teeth into a new challenge, start to look around ... and discover that because one glance at the experience on your resume reveals that you are fourty-something, you can't even get an interview. Your attitude about "the right ratio" is actually a great example of the discriminatory attitude. I've seen young developers right out of college that are more tired and cynical than any oldster, and I've seen old that care more than some junior and are building the new tech. I've seen up close a company make dozens of hires -mostly friends- and make less progress over the following years than the team of The ENTIRE POINT of not discriminating is to focus on building a team that actually gets work done, not on creating some ephemeral "culture" -- the point is to discover the ACTUAL characteristics of each INDIVIDUAL that you hire, rather than making ASSUMPTIONS about characteristics based on a generic, immutable, and un-predictive characteristic. Culture is an emergent phenomenon. It is not a primary capability to be deliberately managed at the cost of primary capabilities (sure, if culture-related items can be managed to measurably benefit primary capabilities, then definitely do it, but don't have the tail wag the dog). But, if you're just there to grab a bunch of VC money to squander on an extended frat party and do favors for all your bros, and the VCs are stupid enough to toss the funds your way and also think 'culture' is more important than skills, then by all means, party on! OK, so just because it is universally applied, that makes it fair, or smart, and nobody should care? Candidates who are demonstrably better in every dimension related to the productive goals of the company (and probably even better at beer pong and foosball) are denied opportunities for work and income on the basis that they don't look 'like a bro' when going out for a beer? Apply the same to any similar category - blacks, Asians, women, LGBT, etc., etc. If you universally apply the discrimination without fail, it is fair, or smart? What is frightening is this apparent scale of this willful ignorance, based on broad observations that "nobody cares", in a whole generation of supposedly educated and intelligent people. Those that do not know history are condemned to repeat it, and it is evident that basically nobody in this generation paid much attention, especially to history. More importantly, this is demonstrably STUPID, and any VC worth the title should be managing it mercilessly if they want a return, especially considering how many top HN discussions are about how to hire right. Yet, everyone is happy to ignore the fact that the talent pool is being artificially restricted to a small set of marginally-skilled young white frat guys because the so-called "leaders" of these organizations are more comfortable drinking a beer with them -- i.e., "culture"? Meanwhile, entire categories of available talent are left by the wayside. It is pretty clear that all this talk and angst about finding the best talent is bullshit. Since it is so critical to find the right talent, it is no wonder that so many VC funds have returns lower than mutual funds, when they don't even bother to monitor this critical metric of whether their companies are hiring the best bros or the best actual talent. Wow. Just because there is not yet a specific harm to a specific person enumerated to you in a way that you understand and agree with, no one should be annoyed and everyone should just let it happen? There do exist broader harms, and people's behavior can be so egregious that it "offends the sensibilities". Start with the least of, yet most salient of your stated issues: did Theranos divert money from other more deserving startups -- 'AFAYK, no specific one of those dollars was kept from another specific deserving startup familiar to you, so it's OK'? Really? Are you saying that all other startups are similarly dishonest and undeserving, or that because because no one can specifically track it to your satisfaction, no one should be PO'd? Related to your other posts, and as another responder commented, this is not a case of a mere unfinished app with noticeable demand, to which funds and effort are applied until it gets built-out until v1.1 gets rolled out. This is a case where the "app" is a blood test critical to people's lives, determining drug dosages, treatment courses and outcomes, etc. A failure here can really f*$k up someone's life or kill them, not just inconvenience them because the app failed to load and order their dinner. Moreover, this is a case where Theranos clearly must have known that the basic technology DID NOT WORK and COULD NOT BE MADE TO WORK with any reasonable effort. The right thing to do after a suitable amount of R&D is to shut it down and return remaining money to investors. Many startups have done this. Instead, Theranos decided perpetrate a continuing fraud on investors, customers and the public. They used competitor's machines claiming to be using their own machines. This defrauds everyone, pollutes the investing and entrepreneurial ecosystem, and puts patients at risk. (but AFAYK, this is no reason for anyone to be even a bit annoyed...) Worse yet, and this is one of the bases for the govt's CRIMINAL investigation, Theranos was using hordes of UNQUALIFIED technicians running both the test equipment, and they even CONTINUED to do so after being previously warned by the govt. WTF?!? This is the most simple, basic management -- no science or engineering here -- just use some of your $400MM to hire people with the required credentials to perform tests upon which people rely for their health and life. And the CEO then said that she didn't know about it? This is just obviously a culture of fraud and corner-cutting, in which the only thing that mattered was the image. Theranos may indeed have started out as an honest development effort (I hope so). But at some point it obviously became clear internally that the tech did not and would not work. At that point, Theranos decided (explicitly or implicitly) to continue to maintain the facade, and wandered off into fraud. If you don't understand that this kind of behavior violates social and legal norms in many ways, and that people are normally annoyed at these sorts of violations and failures to uphold the norms that bind us together as a society, then I'm not sure anyone could help you. And saying that it is OK to lie, cheat, and steal as long as nobody can articulate a specific harm to a specific person puts you on the outside of society, and not in a good way. OTOH, if you're just trolling, then well played. OK, so we do have a federal agency to monitor this stuff. We also have police. Does this mean that we should not be annoyed when criminals do their crimes, or not be annoyed that we need to be vigilant and protect ourselves against criminals? Of course not -- these federal monitoring agencies/police are a necessary burden, and they only marginally prevent crime -- the crimes still happen, and the agencies/police only come in after to investigate and punish. Meanwhile, people's lives are harmed or ended -- by the criminals -- who act with impunity until caught and punished. Now, are Holmes and the rest of Theranos' mgt criminals? Of course none of us actually know, we have only a preponderance of second-hand evidence from the press and from government actions. If you are saying that we shouldn't trust any of this, that Theranos is really a bunch of upstanding citizens being brought down by a malicious government and press, then say so. Otherwise, if there is a reason to put some trust in the actions of the govt and the press, then we shouldn't be the slightest bit surprised at the anger, schadenfreude, and impatience to have them taken down. IMO, based on the public info, Theranos has become a criminally fraudulent enterprise, and my biggest emotions are anger that they got away with it for so long and impatience at wanting to see them taken down sooner (of course, if it turned out to be a malicious govt and press, then I'd be defending Theranos even more strongly than I now despise them, as a malicious govt and press are an even bigger betrayal of our trust). Re: If they didn't actually do anything illegal and just ran out of money? NO, simply spending down the funds until they are exhausted on a known dead-end project is not fair. At this point, they've had and years of time with unrestricted access to hundreds of millions of dollars for R&D. They will have either 1) a known path forward with a method that can be engineered into a usable solution, or 2) the knowledge that there is no such path in sight or that they are obstructed by physical limits, or 3) neither of these. If 1), they should already be engineering it towards success (and not testing it in the field with unqualified techs). If 2), they should politely shut down and return unspent funds. If 3), then they have and incompetent R&D effort and should also return the unspent funds. Simply continuing to spend down the funds in condition 2 or 3 is at the very least dishonest/fraudlent to the investors (or other entrepreneurs who might access those investment funds), since it is now known that there is no realistic chance for success. OK, I'll bite, with a serious, practical question -- how would I do that this week? Please assume that I have 100 BTC at a particular address or small set of addresses, and I don't like the Chinese mining consortia. How do I actually move my value to a new chain that 1) excludes those mining consortia, 2) preserves my stored value, and 3) preserves my ability to transact with any other valid BTC address? How can I get this done by next week? OK, so the fork would accomplish goal #1, but not #2 or #3. I can have my own brand new BTCv2, but it has no value, unless I can get the majority of other BTC people to come over, and if a serious movement starts, the value on both chains tanks and needs to be rebuilt by trust, and the assumption that no one else tries the same thing. Even when the point of the chain is not to store value, but just data, it seems that we're already losing the ability to track all the old data. Sure I extract a set of the stuff I want and carry on with the new fork, but no one else comes along, their data is lost, so they don't come along. If all I care about is a close network of friends, or perhaps an internal company data store, then fine, but how does one cleanly tear off a chunk of a network that looks like the graph of FB or Twitter? Am I missing something here? Wow, you really think that Roosevelt and Churchill and the societies and they lead were equivalent to those of Hitler, Stalin and Mao? That our democracy, as flawed as it is, is not better than China's one-party, censorship, mobile execution vans? Why have you not moved there yet? Yes, there are are sometimes, even many senseless wars, but that does not mean that all are so. And it certainly does not mean that people who volunteered to fight that war, and those who paid the ultimate price and died in it, don't deserve some honor (and no, honoring them does not mean that we cannot question or adjust belief structures later). The ignorance expressed in your statement is so profound that it is truly frightening, and if many hold it, then our society will not last. Seriously, please learn some actual history (or at least don't spout the ignorance). Or if you don't want to learn history, just examine some current societies that don't have the trust and stability in which you were obviously raised and take for granted. Yes, Stalin and Mao were at least enemies-of-our-enemies in WWII; and immediately after they became our direct enemies in the cold war (in which people died directly and in proxy wars, e.g., Korea, Vietnam). My comment was not about one specific war, but about the general concept that some societies and ways of living are qualitatively and quantitatively better than others, and that people will willingly sign up to fight to preserve those societies, even knowing that being killed is a likely outcome. As a simple quantitative measure, Google "Dictator Death Tolls", and you'll find Hitler in third place variously counted at 17-30 million, Stalin in 2nd at 23-40 million and Mao topping the charts at 60-78 Million -- people killed by their leadership. As much as we complain about the inequities of our governments, every possible complaint utterly pales on contrast to those societies -- at least we can complain, or wear glasses, or be born into an unfavored family without being killed for it. More to the point, when threatened with living under one of those regimes instead of ours, many sane people would eagerly sign up to fight, with full knowledge that they could die. Signing up to fight for such a cause is considered noble far outside the bounds of Christianity cited by the GP, is the furthest thing possible from the "not knowing the consequences" and "following their naive emotions" cited by the GP, and the contempt with which the GP writes of those actions is simply wrong. Excellent question, and the answer is that human memory is generally highly fallible, malleable, and unreliable. We all have the naive impression that memory is somehow like a video recording and we can just access it to find out what happened. Indeed, we all have some very vivid and probably quite accurate memories about some exceptional events, or can recall exactly what page and what part of the page we read some specific item. There area also examples of amazing memory stunts and records, and even memory contests and championships. But we cannot assume that just because we have some very good memories, memory is generally good, indeed, it is mostly pretty bad, especially compared to any kind of recording system. This is supported by several areas of research demonstrating how easy it is to plant fake memories, reshape memories, and get people to be completely convinced that they are describing are exact and real. One area of research is eyewitness testimony, which has pretty much been the standard in courts since courts existed, yet when eyewitness accounts are compared, they almost always come up with a variety of contradictions. There's also been research into the phenomena of "found" or "recovered" memories often used to convict accused child abusers. Again, it turns out that suggestion and guidance on the part of the investigator can create things our or whole cloth, so it must be very carefully guarded against. There's also several other research areas in which this is relevant, but the outcome is pretty consistent -- human memory is generally pretty bad (sorry I haven't got the time to track down the references). I've found that it's best to just treat memory as merely a good hint about what might have happened (or where I might have left that tool or the keys), and then look for actual evidence of what really happened. Of course, everyone should know that Idiocracy is a time-displaced documentary... I've long thought that an even better way would be a strong curve in the capital gains tax structure. Currently, if held ,1yr it counts as ordinary income, >1yr gets cap gains treatment of 28%. Better would be something like the following holding periods and tax rates (obviously a mere sketch subject to tuning): >10yrs = 0 The short end would eliminate the volatility, unfairness and flash-crashes created by submillisecond trading. The encouragement to the longer end would get everyone to think longer-term. The 0% for decade+ holdings would prevent a lot of silliness around inheritance (e.g., you inherit a few shares from your grandfather, and have no records or reasonable way to figure the cost basis, but are required to assert one). Of course, I doubt it would happen because it isn't in the short-term interest of the bankers. >Are you suggesting that the US will initiate nuclear war? Yes, it should be entirely expected in response to such a serious attack, especially since no country would attempt to take out a carrier group outside the context of a much larger war. Consider that 1) the US doctrine does not forbid first use, and 2) that sinking a carrier and a significant part of its group is tantamount to destroying a small city (the population on the carrier alone is over 6000 people), and 3) that taking out a carrier is taking out effectively 10% of our key naval/air capability. In short, it is an extremely serious action, and would be seen by all as "the gloves coming off". Anyone contemplating launching an attack to take out one of our carriers/groups should not be the slightest bit surprised to find a few nuclear warheads detonating at over some of their major bases within a few hours of taking out the carrier. Nor would any observer be surprised at such a response. That said, if an appropriate retaliation could be done without nukes, it probably would be done that way. But, again, the context is likely to be that of a very rapidly escalating war. . . . . (edit, missing words) I see why it seems nuts, but then holding a position for less than a minute seems nuts also. That kind of trading is not primarily providing liquidity, its primarily skimming and front-running. IMO, it should probably be banned. However, I think that providing a 95% tax rate is a lighter touch, and allows people to do it if they can find sufficient profit. I also mentioned being open to tuning the amounts. What rate would you think would be good for such short term trading? Because we need to anticipate conditions in which communications links and space assets (e.g., GPS and comms links) are unavailable. UAVs do not yet have the autonomous intelligence to operate on their own, and even if they do, we haven't yet decided to give robots the decision to kill autonomously. Answer 2 =) we already do, to some degree. E.g., Cruise Missiles have had the ability to navigate on inertial guidance and terrain-following technology for decades, and we use those a lot. But again, a cruise missile can only get programmed for one target, go there, and hit it. A pilot can go to the target area, notice that the target has moved or new conditions exist (e.g., a bunch of children have been moved in as human shields), or notice that new targets of opportunity have popped up, and immediately take appropriate action. And, we're back to the autonomous AI tech is not yet that good (and I'm not sure that we want it to get that good). Sure, the country can defend itself all it wants, but this is war, not Queensbury rules boxing. So, yeah, if we're pummelling the snot out of some small country (Grenada, Venezuela, ???) and they get off a lucky shot with a missile or torpedo that manages to sink one carrier, then a nuclear response would be unwarranted and unlikely, and we'd just see continued conventional operations by the rest of the fleet. But that scenario is so unlikely. But we're realistically talking about an all-out attack on a carrier group with ballistic missiles or nuclear subs, possibly with nuclear warheads. This would only be mounted by a Russia or China. Or possibly Iran trying a swarm attack with thousands of small suicide-boats. This would be in the context of a much larger war and operations. Attacking a carrier group is an undertaking of huge magnitude - a huge escalation in itself, and anyone should expect a serious response from a successful attack. And, keeping open the question of whether that retaliation might be nuclear is also an important deterrent. The context would certainly determine whether or not it actually goes nuclear. E.g., what other resources can be brought to bear, under what threat is the rest of the fleet? E.g., if it was the Chinese ballistic anti-carrier missiles, and we knew exactly where they were and could target them conventionally, we probably would, but if they threatened the rest of the fleet, and the only way to neutralize them was nukes, ... watch out. So, overall, I'm not saying it would necessarily be nuclear, but it certainly wouldn't be surprising if it were. And, if it were, I'd expect that it would be seen as not un-reasonable, because if the US follows its own history, we're very reluctant to launch them. Yes, they have these fantastic capabilities, and they are improving all the time. That said, note that even your example included live updates via comms/satellite links... Consider the scenario where comms and orbital assets are unavailable/unreliable. We still need human pilots. We're working to the day when we won't, but, we're not there yet. (BTW, I'm all for unmanned, and think the F35 is already obsolete, and that humans are the limiting performance factor in esp. fighter aircraft (e.g., limiting it to 10g accelerations, but we're just not there yet for all scenarios, to answer the GP question as to "why not") Ha! Yes, I knew someone whose mom had very good taste (e.g., owned a small art gallery), and often traveled internationally with her husband who had many overseas posts. A large department store hired her on a freelance basis to do buying in Japan and Korea, where she'd scout products and diligently send in reports. Some years later, she somehow found out that they were using her as a reverse buyer -- since she had upper-crust taste, her reports were used as a guide about what NOT do buy for their stores. Kinda sad to see how vendors that should be selecting and creating good stuff are instead actually deliberately selecting & creating crap to market to us. Actually the current "development kit" starts at USD$30,000 http://liquidpiston.com/dev-kit/ It even has disadvantages compared to the Wankel engine, in that the intake and exhaust airflows are through the sides of the engine, so you can't even stack them along the same crankshaft without seriously compromising the airflow and packaging. Also, while it doesn't have the Wankel rotor tip seals and their associated issues, they don't say much about sealing all their other surfaces. This is likely why they replaced the 6.5Hp motor in their demo go-kart with a 3Hp version of their own motor (if it was a real Wankel, they would have used a two- or three-rotor stack and gotten almost the same or more power for ~1/4 the weight, which would have been a good demo. Instead, they look like they're driving a go-kart at about 1/4 throttle. Although they tout weight advantages, their power-weight ratio is actually pretty bad compared to a variety of other engines, including Wankels and two-strokes of similar sizes, e.g., for model airplane power plants. Of course the immediate Zeitgeist of the comments here is that this is about protection of entrenched interests and quashing of innovation. Sure, there may be some of that. However, we in the tech community need to recognize that doing something at scale creates a fundamental difference of kind, not merely of quantity. Of course, to a large degree, that is the point of much modern tech, to take something that was simply local word-of-mouth stuff ("oh, my friend's got an apartment empty next month, perhaps you two can work out house-sitting for your visit" or "oh, she needs a ride to town too") and turning it into an instant service, globally scaled. This is what creates $billions of value with minimal infrastructure. However, it is nonsense to say that there are no negative externalities, or that they are all trivial and ignore-able, or merely old incumbents protecting their ill-gotten economic territory. Consider another potential technology that could be easily scaled -- speeding tickets. Instead of relying on the local cop to manually measure your speed, chase you down, write a ticket and testify in court, they could simply get the data off your smartphone and ticket you ever time you sent over-speed. They could just argue that "this is just the same law as we've always had". But the result would be that instead of maybe one ticket every X+ years, most of us would get multiple tickets every time we drove outside of a traffic jam. It would fundamentally change everything about driving and the related economy. Similarly, it's one thing when a few people casually rent out a room for a few days a year, or get a house-sitter when they go on vacation. But, it is altogether different when the information exchange infrastructure becomes sufficiently reliable and networked that it makes sense for people to run lodging as a business, even buying houses just for that purpose. This substantially distorts the real estate market, and dumps a lot of externalities on neighbors. It is one thing to buy a house or condo on the assumption that the neighbors are all residents with investment in the neighborhood/building -- quite another to expect that all of the people around you are completely transient. And, of course, even worse when the situation changes after you've moved in. So, please think a bit before jumping on the "they're all ignorant Luddites" bandwagon... (edit - grammar/clarity) Reasonable impulse to go for local regs, but we're talking about global services here. Is it a good idea to expect that a global service be forced to deal with a crazy-quilt patchwork of likely conflicting local regs? Obviously the service wants no reg, but if they're smart, they should want single fed regs, vs potentially unlimited local versions. And of course, are there federal concerns vs local concerns, e.g., taxation, undeclared income, effects on the capital gain on the buildings (someone renting out a house regularly shouldn't get the same cap gains exception as on a building used fully as a primary residence), etc., which make it pretty reasonable to look at it from that level. Sure, to the extent that it's entirely local, local-scale regs would likely be appropriate. However, it looks like they're specifically looking at national-scale distortions in the market. While I haven't examined the data supporting that, I would not be surprised to see large-scale distortions from a system designed to produce large-scale effects. "many high sensation seekers’ problematic behaviors involve intense experiences that can be pursued impulsively and without obvious immediate consequences, such as binge drinking or drug use....Joseph wonders if that energy could be redirected into high-arousal activities—such as rock climbing, but with protective gear—that by their nature involve constraint, premeditation, and specific goals, reinforcing different life patterns." I read some time ago about a drug treatment program centered around rock climbing, said to have astonishingly high success rates. But then I never heard much more about it. Perhaps it doesn't scale due to small supply of climbing teachers and/or large supply of skeptics? Yes, climbing is a very cool sport and community. I wish I had a link, but it was years ago that I read it. Yes, in a perfect world, everyone would have . But it does not work like that. Not even close. Money equals access. Sure, technically, you can plead your own case, but it will require you to give up literally everything else in your life and you'll probably lose against the professionals (how well would you do against the professionals in your favorite sport if you dedicated the next 10 months of your life to it -- remember, they've been doing it for decades and make a living at it?). The fact is that you need serious funds to prosecute or even defend a case bigger than small claims court. I'm in such a case right now and need funding (which is how I got to this article); tho I won't post the details, the requirements will run well into six figures just to pursue what I already had in a written contract. Do you have that kind of pocket change lying around? I don't, and I don't think most of the rest of us do either. While I had a vague idea before, it has now become blindingly obvious that money is required for access to proper justice. While I have much better access than many people, it is also obvious that I also have much less access than others. So, yes, IFF everyone has equal access, there's no need. But we don't, so there is a real need. I guess I'm reading it as the plaintiff having to 'sell their access' to the system, as part of the potential proceeds, in order to get justice. If you don't have the requisite funds, you sell part of your potential proceeds (which become profits to the investor) in order to get access to the justice system. Or, in Hogan's case, sold his case (access to the justice system) to Theil so they could both achieve their goals. (so maybe, it's just a less-clear phrase than it should be?) You are spreading very bad MIS-information, and it doesn't matter why -- stop it. The fact, for a number of different states in which I've employed people (including MA, CA, NH...) is that there are very specific requirements for hiring people, and NO, YOU CANNOT SIMPLY "pay using invoicing while a company gets going". Federal and state laws specify that all employees are W2 status, and you are REQUIRED to withhold taxes. Management is even personally on the hook for these tax liabilities. There are exceptions under certain limited criteria in which you can hire people as outside contractors -- commonly referred to as "1099s" -- the Federal laws are quite tight (the famous '20 questions'), and state laws are even tighter. E.g., in MA you cannot hire any person who performs core functions of your company as a 1099, so if your company writes software you cannot hire anyone to work on that software as a 1099 (but you could hire someone to, say, customize your office accounting package as long as you are only using it). Yes, it is that tight. Just because some founders decide to break the law, and you would be happy to go along with them, does not make it legal. OK, so somebody's tracking it in secret, doing the 'antibiotic susceptibilities' tests and logging the results, and the state health dept receives the data, but the info is being kept from the patients' relatives and from the public in general? This creates two obvious results. 1) suppression of legitimate claims from relatives, and 2) suppression of valid concern and pressure for govt action such as increased research funding. How is this good? Yes, I totally get privacy, and I'm glad to read that you're not saying it is good. It's the hiding it in public records such as Death Certificates, information given to the family, and performance statistics that I find suspicious. Great quote from his friend, Dan Hill: "You see, for Rick Rescorla, this was a natural death. People like Rick, they don’t die old men. They aren’t destined for that and it isn’t right for them to do so. It just isn’t right, by God, for them to become feeble, old, and helpless sons of bitches. There are certain men born in this world, and they’re supposed to die setting an example for the rest of the weak bastards we’re surrounded with." A better question for a VC to ask would be: "Can you stick with anything for 10 years?" or "What else have you done that demonstrates long term perseverance against adversity?". The real question is whether the person has the ability to persevere in adversity. No matter what you are starting, your activities will be quite different far sooner than 10 years. Passion for a particular mission is helpful, but you must be able to handle the drudgery and adversity -- even the most exciting and pleasant pursuits include many tasks that quickly turn to drudgery, and things will go against you often. It is not passion that gets you through the drudgery and adversity, it is the perseverance. Many passionate people quit when things get tough, while many people with perseverance have made a success of projects with merely "worthwhile" goals. [edit: clarity/punctuation] Ha! ... but, just curious, is your procrastination the same in year 10 as in year 1? Yes, I've always been astonished at how bad the software and software management is in the auto industry. And I'm personally still annoyed at BMW from about 8yrs ago when my X5 was occasionally throwing a spurious trivial dashboard warning and I asked about it at the dealer when I went in for some other warranty service. When I got back there was a $200 bill for doing a flash update to some controller, and the dealer insisted that it was BMW that kept it off warranty and charged them for each install. While I could perhaps see some trivial $15 service fee to install it, charging $200 to fix their own damn bug is pretty outrageous. They should just be installing the full set of accumulated updates every time the car comes in for service. But that's not how the auto industry thinks, so yes, that is a huge advantage for Tesla, even if the others are starting to come around, they are effectively a decade late. It actually did have an effect on policy and was cited in Ronald Reagan's own memoirs. This is mentioned in the Wikipedia article. As you're saying it can't be done, just don't get in the way of the guys actually getting it done. The mattress is a nice example of a novel problem, but a remote edge-case. Being safe from all badly secured loads is not a prerequesite for self-driving cars -- they merely need to be more safe on balance than the mass of human drivers before they start taking over. I suspect that even if self-driving-cars all did the worst possible thing and tailgated all badly secured loads, the overall safety improvement would still be a net positive. This prediction will suffer the same fate of other naysaying predictions by experts (never fly, never get to the moon, never know what a star is made of, etc., etc,., etc.....). Yes, many regulations exist for good reason and have significant upsides. However, it's false to say that EVERY individual regulation meets these criteria. As TFA pointed out, these objects are far less hazardous than firearms, fireworks, automobiles, and even balloons (the leading cause of child suffocation, and for whic labeling is required), but because they are novel the CPSC decided to slap them with an absolute ban, which is stronger regulation than any of the other products listed above and thousands of others. This was a very badly considered and executed regulation, and the judge acted rightly. FWIW, I don't think anyone is saying what you imply, that all regulations are baseless and bad. Interesting new form factor 21mm x 70mm. Not entirely wrong. As noted earlier by schiffern, charcoal has a huge surface area, and carbon fiber has a different structure with much less surface area. But, I'd still expect it to burn very nicely in the presence of concentrated oxygen. Carbon fiber, is solid fibers about 5-7 microns thick and of arbitrary length. The fiber is embedded in a matrix, typically of epoxy. A typical ratio for a high-performance part would be about 64% carbon fiber and 36% epoxy. If built properly, the epoxy or other matrix material will completely encapsulate the carbon, including a thin coating on the surfaces. That said, the first thing I'd want to do in the presence of 100% liquid oxygen is to coat the entire carbon composite to ensure that the composite and the oxygen stay apart. The epoxy itself is an organic compound, and the thickness of the coating is at most a few hundred microns (you have to be very careful sanding the surface to prep it for a more durable coating, or you'll get into the carbon). Source: I'm a carbon fiber designer and fabricator. "THE DEAL'S NOT DONE UNTIL THE CHECK CLEARS." This bit of advice has served me quite well over the years. At a celebration party for a new investment in a company I'd previously co-founded but was only a stockholder at the time, the CFO excitedly told me that I was 'worth millions', and asked 'how did it feel?'. I told him that "I'll tell you when we get an exit" and changed nothing about my life. Good thing, because while the check had cleared on that investment, the exit several years later wound up with the stock amount value down in the five figures. One guy I know had co-founded a company, was doing OK. I noticed some impressive new equipment that showed up on his website and we chatted about doing some projects together and how he's got a major deal coming in and had invested well into six figures. The next thing I knew, his company had vanished and he was working for a small shop several states over. They didn't get the project after all, and were immediately bankrupt. Worse yet, was a story from an attny friend I'd worked with; he told me about a guy (client?) he knew who 'got' a VC investment, divorced his wife, bought a big new house, car, etc. .... and the deal fell through.... not sure what happened to that guy, but I'm sure it wasn't pretty. Repeat: "The deal is not done until the check clears"... [edit: typos, clarity] Socialism can be viewed as communism-lite, and there is the idea out there that socialism leads to communism and its problems. Yet, no example comes to mind of a society has turned without a forced internal/external takeover to socialism, then onward to communism. Could you point me to some? CASE A: [Struggle to learn]=>[Succeed a bit]=>[Struggle to learn]=>[fail]=>[struggle to learn]=>[fail harder]=>[struggle more to learn]=>[gain key insight]=>[succeed] CASE B: [cut&paste]=>[appear to succeed]=>[cut&paste]=>[appear to succeed]=>[cut&paste]=>[get job]=>[fail]=>[decide to struggle to learn]=>[struggle to learn]=>[gain key insight ~instantly]=>[succeed] Case A happens all the time; it is the standard process of learning. Case B doesn't happen. Moreover, by his fraudlent cut&paste antics, 'Bryan' has already told us one of two things: * either Bryan himself doesn't believe that he can learn, so why should anyone else believe that he can learn? or * Bryan doesn't believe that learning is necessary, so why should anyone expect him to start now? The ideal and fair solution (which won't happen) would have Bryan not only fired on the spot, but repaying the company for all wages and costs of all the time that everyone wasted on him, and delays in the project. Bryan was already treated far more than fairly, and the author was correct to provide the accurate background information on him. There are also larger considerations than the fate of the fraudulent Bryan himself -- the rest of the team. Not only is he failing to pull his own weight, he is taking deliberate actions that impede the progress of the rest of the team. He cannot be gone soon enough. [edit - typos] Great, they now face regulatory and reputational risks, and rightly so. They should be allowed to take steps to prevent themselves from unwittingly supporting laundering, terrorism, etc. However, those steps should not include STEALING THEIR CUSTOMERS' MONEY, which is no less than this bank did until contacted by the media. If they decide the person or transaction is insufficiently verifiable to accept, hold, or move the money, fine. Refuse to keep the funds and RETURN THEM TO THE OWNER. Keeping the funds is simply theft. This is no better than the "asset forfeiture" going on in US police departments who are behaving as robbery gangs. It may technically require the same salary, but the actual implementation and enforcement renders these requirements meaningless. I've been in situations where I directly observed it happening. Requirement to advertise for US workers first? No Problem, just advertise where nobody looks, like the physical local newspaper's classifieds. Advertise for a different lower-paid job title, even though the coding duties will be exactly the same. Hire via an outsourcing company whose entire operation is to game the system, and the costs are still less than a US programmer. The worst part is the sponsorship structure -- when you hire an H1-B worker, you are "sponsoring" his or her presence in the US. they have only the right to work at your business, and nowhere else. They lose that job, and they will have to leave within days (60?). They would not only have to find a new job in that time, but a new job willing to sponsor them and capable of getting their H1-B approved in that time -- very unlikely. This means that the H1-Bs will take all kinds of abuse and lower pay without complaining, as complaining is the quick ticket home. The simple change of allowing H1Bs to be a 2-year visa, and they are allowed to change to any job after 6 months would go a long way to clearing out the abuses, since the sponsoring company would need to treat them at their full worth to keep them. Good question. I'd say it is probably possible to replace a battery pack on the gasoline-refill time scale with a well-engineered drive-over clip-in type mechanism or a side-trolley replacement mechanism. They replace whole nose assemblies in Reliability and safety would take some real work, just like the high-speed fuel rigs previously used in F1. I do own and build drones, and intend to use and sell them for commercial purposes. I totally support this severity of sentence, and would support an even harsher one. This guy was a complete idiot, flying with zero regard for any potential consequences. Not only could someone get hurt, they did. Could just as easily have been killed, just for this bad operator's amusement. Multirotor drones are inherently unstable. They cannot fly without a computer actively controlling every rotor on millisecond time scales. There are literally hundreds of items that can fail on the device that will instantly turn it into a falling brick with sharp edges (yes, I've counted them in a spreadsheet, and was astonished at the high number of potential failure points, an order of magnitude more than we expected). Once one of those items fails, it will accelerate downwards at 9.8 meters per second per second. Physics does not care about our intentions or sentiments. From 120 feet up it will land at 60 miles/hr, from 335 feet it'll hit at over 100 mph. Even a lightweight 2-3 Lb drone would kill at those speeds. The penalties for me driving by you at 60mph and tossing out a hard 2Lb object that happened to hit your head would be much more severe. Just because it is sold in the toy aisle does not mean that casual or stupid operation should be tolerated. This 'operator' was an idiot, hurt somebody, deserved all he got, and he's making it much more difficult for responsible people to use these devices. If you intend to operate these things, please be very aware of where it is going and all potential flight paths and potential falling paths. It isn't that difficult to simply do full pre-flight system checks, not fly over people or other valuable things, and take other safety measures. (also, re. your point about restitution, he might prefer 30 days in jail to paying the hospital bills, lost pay, lost time, etc. as restitution, tho I'd argue for both) edit: clarity, typos Except that with the 'dreams' that he sells, the rubber actually meets the road and goes from 0-60mph in 2.27 seconds, or puts real satellites in orbit and returns the booster to be re-used, or builds the world's largest scale Li-Ion battery factory to drive down costs... Of course he's got some serious elements of self-promotion; it's required to build such a business. In his case, he manages to back it up in ways that most other self-promoters don't even begin to achieve. (disclosure, I do own a bit of Tesla stock which has done nicely, also lost some with SolarCity, but didn't ride it all the way down to the buyout) YES, and here you have the MBA phenomenon striking again. Reducing things to over-simplified metrics, thereby ruining it all, or betting the entire economy on a theory that "manufacturing is low value and should be offshored to the lowest possible cost provider". In this case, driving down the effectiveness of teaching by adding metrics. It was VOLKSWAGEN --NOT BMW-- that created the emissions scandal by programming their cars to change the engine running parameters when the detected the conditions of the emissions test. first article found of 641000 http://www.bbc.com/news/business-34324772 BMW is actually doing it right http://www.bmwblog.com/2016/02/16/top-five-current-diesel-bm... sheesh (edit: add BMW story link) Perhaps the Guardian story is true and everyone is playing around the margins on the European tests, but that's trying to obscure the forest with one tree. In the actual context of the comment, which is the the USA "emissions controversy" with the massively fraudulent code, it was VOLKSWAGEN that was the main player, BMW was not involved. (also IMO, Diesels are a pretty bad way to burn fuel in any case; I don't think BMW should pursue it at all, and although I like my petrol-powered model, I wouldn't buy one of their diesels) Or, more precisely, Uber is earning by systematically stealing the waiting time of their drivers (e.g., by misleading promotions getting everyone out to wait for orders). In contrast to Foodora, which pays for shift time plus delivery commission. Simply, Uber is based on shortchanging everyone but Uber itself and pocketing the difference. Unsustainable, and I always use alternatives. Excellent article. Can attest to the great value of learning to fall well from alpine ski racing and training experience. Learning the moves to they are 'instinctive' and happen without thinking, pull in or press together limbs so they don't get snagged, roll, etc. Mostly, stay aware every microsecond and keep working with whatever bits of control you retain. Very key concept also mentioned in the article -- fear of falling increases likelihood of falling. Work to learn to fall, don't fear it, fall well, and it won't happen so much and won't be as damaging when it does. While I did have my share of injuries and close escapes, decades later, the ability to react, slip-but-not-fall, or fall well still comes in handy. I still think about getting some formal martial arts training to add their techniques to the skill-set. Good to see the knowledge getting into more scientific study and therapy situations. It seems the problem logicallee is working is the massively growing destructive power available to individuals or small groups. Technology is accelerating to the point where the destructive power that was formerly available only to state actors with proper command & control systems is now available to small states, groups, and even individuals -- chemical, bioweapons, delivery by drone, etc. It is now possible to mail-order custom gene sequences for garage bioengineering (yes, they do try to filter the requests against homebrew bioweapons, but the operative word is 'try'). Even computing power -- I'd be surprised if a random dozen people on this forum, properly motivated and funded, could not take down the US power grid within a year. This scale of mass destruction in the hands of individuals is a far greater scale and scope of problem than the ability of any nutjob to go to WalMart and buy a hunting rifle to point at you, me, or a Congressman. It is the kind of real problem that keeps serious security pros up at night. And there are many of these scenarios becoming more real all the time, even if logicallee's nuke example seems too fictitious for you. The real question he's posing is whether its feasible to build an automated system that's sufficiently private and intelligent so that it could scan the comms without violating privacy while only alerting on genuine threats. I think it's an interesting idea, but even if implementable, would fall to the problem. What is to prevent the people who build, maintain, operate the watch-system from abusing it? Nothing but the same level of ethical training that we have now, so this is simply adding one level of indirection. "Where breaking the law benefits everyone, we should lose respect for the law." In this case, it doesn't benefit everyone, especially not everyone equally -- it benefits Uber massively, and only incidentally benefits customers, and basically rips off the driver's time and investment. That said, you're resting on the point that this kind of thing can occasionally bring about marginally beneficial change faster than legal methods. What you are arguing is that "startups" should be allowed to freelance the rearrangement of benefits in our society and ignore the law in doing so. You want the rule of entrepreneurial people to override the rule of law. Yet, this is a society and country built on the rule of law. And yes, the rule of law is much more cumbersome than the rule of men/women. What you argue for is tantamount to anarchy, or at best rule by (economic) warlord. It may seem like a good idea at first, but it is a rapid path to a broken society. The elements of "fuzzy medium", "buffer", human judgement should of course always be included in any justice system. That does not justify deliberately and systematically exploiting the slack in the system for your own benefit and to the detriment of others. Uber was and is not civil disobedience. Its business model was to exploit every bit of available slack in the system to its own benefit and to the detriment of everyone else. Notice how the typical driver only lasts a few months there. This is flatly unethical, and the broad-based unethical slime came right from the top in the form of scandal after scandal, which finally sunk the CEO (and rightfully so). And NO, the ends do not justify the means. Especially not when the means are a massive unethical and exploitative company being built to accelerate by a few years the hidebound practices of a minor industry for a minor improvement in the occasional transportation convenience of urban hipsters. And, while it of course had the minor benefit of accelerating improvement in the taxi industry, it also destroyed the business value of those in the industry, many of whom are aspiring small businesses whose retirement (value of medallion) is now 6-figure debt. It has also probably torched billions of investment capital that could have gone to other more productive and ethical uses in the technology industry. (my bet is that Uber is in a death spiral.) Moreover, it was completely unnecessary for it to have been so unethical. Merely remaining as a proper and ethical ride-sharing service as it (purportedly) started, would have created similar innovation at a more moderate pace. Again, the ends do not justify the means. Not in this case and not as a general rule. I recommend taking a few ethics courses or reading a few philosophers. No, this is NOT a paternalistic attitude towards drivers. It is the observation of their numerous complaints, lawsuits, and behaviour (typically quitting after only a few months). What you are saying is (or requires) that all people and companies are completely free agents with perfect knowledge. The fact is that there is an information asymmetry between Uber and the drivers, which Uber not only exploits but systematically lies into -- they make false representations about the economics of driving, convincing drivers to make investments in what looks like a good business opportunity. So yes, the hopeful drivers "perceive it as being the best option available to them". Some figure it out and never sign up, others do not and get screwed. It is apparently irrelevant to you that this perception is not based in reality but is due to Uber's deliberate and systematic dishonesty. ------- No, it is not scaremongering. Uber is not a form of Civil disobedience. And, if you are arguing that any law should be breakable at any time by anyone, then the only consequence of that is that laws become meaningless. People being able to engage in voluntary economic interactions outside of the context of a lawful societal structure leads EXACTLY to economic warlordism. Power will rapidly become concentrated in the small group of most unethical players, and they will rule the economy. See Russia, which is basically ruled by 22 Oligarchs. and this started where every single Russian citizen was given stock certificates for ownership in state enterprises. Yet in only a few short years, only 22 had the power. Moreover, the apparent rule of law is a farce. Read Red Notice by Bill Browder to get an insight into how it worked. And yes, the proper place of the law IS to restrain voluntary economic interactions so as to maintain a balanced marketplace, avoid the Tragedy Of The Commons, and other benefits to the broader society in which the economic transactions occur and which enables them in the first place. Get your head our of the simplistic Libertarian ideals which you spout (I start with Libertarianism too, but it isn't the end...), and read some history and Systems Dynamics. OK, so you are saying that I should be able to build, market, and sell to you an inexpensive car, claiming that it has all the latest safety features, but is actually a deathtrap. (ignore whatever mechanism I use to evade the laws and regs). We're both free to do this because safety regulations and laws are an impingement on our "right" to engage in any voluntary economic interactions, right? Of course, the first time you hit anything at more than 5mph, you'll wind up with a steering column through your chest because I just used a straight tube instead of a collapsible column to make it cheaper for you, among a hundred other shortcuts. So, you're ok with this? On what basis? That after a number of sales, perhaps the public will catch on and stop buying my cars? What if I've already got billions in profits and investors, and can out-market that knowledge, and buy off the regulators, congress, news organizations, and police? >People being able to engage in voluntary economic interactions outside of the context of a lawful societal structure leads EXACTLY to economic warlordism. Warlordism is the antithesis of voluntary interaction. 'Warlordism' in this case is just a buzzword to scaremonger people into consenting to giving up their rights to make decisions for their own lives. Exactly, Warlordism is the antithesis of voluntary interaction. It is not a buzzword, but a shorthand used since I'm not writing a dissertation but a (supposedly) brief comment. Warlordism, or the domination of an economy or power system by a very few who manage to seize the top of the power structure, is exactly the result of unregulated "free" interactions. Just observe any unregulated society or economy. How long does the equality and freedom of interactions last? How long before someone or group of someones accumulate a critical mass of power, economic and/or violent? A surprisingly short time. And it happens every time. OK, you're "I am in no way implying getting rid of" "criminal and civil justice system". Yet this entire discussion is based on your initial assertion that Uber should be free to break the law in order to create 'great consumer benefits'. You cannot have it both ways. Either we have a system of laws and expect people to follow them, or at least not deliberately and systematically (e.g., write software specifically to ...) break them, -OR- we have a system whereby anyone can break the laws, -OR- authorianism/crony capitalism, where the selected can break the laws. > The Warlordism problem is not a contradiction, it is a result. It is not instant, but it is the nearly inevitable consequence of a situation where laws do not govern/ regulate violent or economic interactions. > Critical mass of power -- of course the amount is variable, depending on a variety of factors. It is the result that counts -- some critical mass will be reached, and the concentration of wealth/power becomes self-reinforcing, and grows. > The only way I've seen in history that works is to mitigate this by creating a system of laws that force the distribution of power/wealth, and avoid excess concentrations of power/wealth. Yes, these legal systems do make us less free. If you really want complete freedom, you can go today to Somalia, South Sudan, remote Afghanistan, or a number of other places. Effectively no laws and complete freedom. Also an almost complete lack of hope of advancement for each individual and the society. ----- I agree that trying to prevent takeover of the political system by the rich/powerful is very difficult, nearly impossible. I also agree that we need to keep money out of elections as much as possible. The Citizens United decision was one of the worst in modern history. I also like the Athenian model, especially the part where the leaders were picked from a pool at random. I actually think that we could be doing better by that sort of method. Once you've achieved a certain level of skills/credentials (academic degree, military rank, corporate experience, you should become eligipble, like jury duty. You might simpy be randomly called to the House, Senate. Maybe a vote of confidence for a 2nd term, and pick the POTUS randomly from those who win that. But yes, while my political philosophy starts with the basis that Freedom is the first good unto itself, it is also not absolute, as having complete freedom results in extreme concentrations of power, reducing the total freedom -- the wealthy/powerful become very free, and the vast majority become dramatically less free. So, to maximize freedom, we need to limit concentrations of wealth/power. Yes that makes some less free, but it makes the greatest freedom for all. Very nice on first try -- added to my quick toolbar. Great to be able to intermix metric and SAE units, as there is (very unfortunate) constant use of both in my field of work. Any hope of an Android app version soon? IANAL, but you might have an interesting lawsuit there --- they are allowing you to setup a campaign that costs money, then locking you out of control. It would require a reallyy GOOD business litigation attny, but could get results. In any case, getting an attny to look at potential causes of action in your state and sending their legal dept notification of intended action is likely to get FB's attention much more quickly than a user request. Your state Attny General office may also be helpful, again, depending upon what state you reside/work. (Of course, as mentioned in earlier comments, the simplest situation may be to cancel the ccard, and make sure that they don't transfer the charges to the new one if you have it reissued in a new number). Yes, the problem of regulatory capture is enormous, and once captured, can actually provide entities with concentrated wealth/power (really the same thing) with extra leverage to control it. One partial solution that has been shown to be somewhat durable is the divided government, multiple co-equal branches with different duties and capabilities. I think the American experiment has shown that we could probably do better with 4 or 5 branches, but three is a decent start. But it seems like we agree on the overall problem, which is how to prevent excessive concentrations of wealth/power, and do so in a society that has not grown the cultural wisdom and strength to do it intrinsically (Norway/Sweden being partial examples, where excessive wealth is shunned and prevented at many levels). I used to think that few/no laws/govt was the way to go, but every example I've seen, small differences simply accelerate into incredible concentrations of wealth/power at surprising speed. You keep arguing against my solution (limited/divided govt, with each component structurally defined to minimize concentrations of power and/or balance the concentrated power). What's yours? ok, the courts already do give great freedom to the ability to engage in contracts. But they do limit it past the point where it starts to infringe on regulated conduct. For example, employment is regulated such that employers are required to buy and pay for Workers' Compensation and Unemployment insurance, so that workers injured on the job or laid off have some safety net. It is illegal to misclassify (W-2) workers as independent contractors (1099s) largely to ensure that these programs are in place and solvent. As an employer, this is an inconvenient and somewhat costly PITA. As a worker and someone looking at the overall effect on society, it looks like a real necessity. These laws, along with minimum wage laws, etc, also reduce (a little bit) the leverage that an employer has over workers, and improve a bit the inequality. A secondary effect of unemployment insurance, COBRA laws, etc, is that they reduce the burden on other parts of society and govt, such as the health care system, welfare, crime reduction, etc. So, are these core laws that should be maintained or spurious impositions on voluntary interactions that should be ignored and repealed (which would have the quick effect of further increasing inequality)? I look at the situation and see them as core laws that need to be increased. For example WalMart pays just over minimum wage, but does not pay a living wage, so you can work there full time and still be below the poverty level. They actually provide seminars to their workers on how to obtain and maximize govt benefits. That looks to me like WalMart exploiting their available voluntary interactions to make you and me subsidize their workforce (without govt assistance, their workers would get sicker and less healthy and they'd have higher turnover and training costs). I think it argues for a minimum wage set so that 45 hour work weeks is above the poverty line and ineligible for benefits. Sounds like you think it's all voluntary, so nevermind the knock-on costs to society or the fact that WalMart's owners continue to get richer, and the workers, poorer. OK, two obvious questions. What is the general range of weight vs power levels are you producing with your device (that wouldn't reveal anything about the tech, only what sort of craft it might suit)? What is the range of scales at which this device will work (what is the smallest, largest, optimum range for the device)? Yes, they can force you to provide your goods to them in any situation they declare urgent/emergency, and at priority over all other customers, even prepaid ones. You will get paid, it's not confiscation, but it is an offer you cannot refuse. I'd be surprised if the situation isn't the same in every other country -- national security/defense takes a very high priority. Moreover, any truly revolutionary technology that could create a significant military advantage will be almost required to be controlled by the mil, lest the adversaries get it. If you don't want to ever be in a situation where you could help the military of your country, you probably need to move to a country without a military. Then worry about other countries deciding to invade for your revolutionary technology. so, your argument has finally boiled down to: ALL statutes should be repealed. Every statute impinges on conduct that could be voluntary agreed among some set of parties. You might actually knowingly want my cheap deathtrap car, or want me to pay you 50c/hour without workman's comp and unemployment insurance. You might even voluntarily want me to murder you (easier than suicide or some ritualistic purpose). There are lawless societies that exist, and they do not work well. They are usually called "Failed States" for a reason. If you really want that, it is relatively cheap to go there. But, do not expect much of a future for yourself or your family. Yes, you are nominally more free in the sense that you can do anything you want. But you are actually substantially less free because there is little or nothing in the way of resources, infrastructure, societal conventions, laws, etc. To build and maintain a complex society, there must exist some significant regulation of markets, including some voluntary activities (start with managing the Commons Problem). To say otherwise is merely spouting a useless ideology that will actually harm growth and the availability of freedom. Start with the fact that even the hospitals themselves do not even know the cost/price of their procedures and goods. Notice here, in 2013, an article about how "For the very first time, the federal government is publicly releasing the "rate card" (the full charge before insurance company discounts) prices hospitals throughout the nation charge for the one hundred most common procedures and services." https://www.forbes.com/sites/rickungar/2013/05/08/the-great-... Yet two years later, a CEO of a hospital cannot even get the costs at the hospital of which she is CEO: https://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/08/health/what-are-a-hospita... Price discovery, the most basic element of a free market, is literally impossible, even for expert executives within their own organizations. Vast price discrepancies exist for procedures just a few towns apart. Discovery for consumers in advance is impossible, and of course absurd in the situation where you are being rushed to the nearest hospital in an emergency. Do not let anyone get away with claiming that this is somehow a "Free Market" until reliable prices, and outcome rates (with case difficulty information) are as easily available as prices and reviews on Amazon. E.g., Switzerland is private insurance, but having a policy is mandatory for everyone within 3 months of moving there or being born. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Healthcare_in_Switzerland This ensures that the system works better than the US system, as the hospitals do not need to deal with having to treat uninsured patients who cannot pay. This is a major problem for the US healthcare system, and a critical threat to the solvency and continued operation of many hospitals, especially rural hospitals and clinics. Fabricating and selling digital goods online. Could legitimately expense his computers too (if there was enough to itemize or he formed a corp) No, sort of, No, and No. Most of the population IS worse off. Just look at the chart - you need to go to about the 96th percentile to find people who aren't worse off. Yes the growth should go to the people who make it possible, but it is NOT actually doing so (and if you think that the founder/ceo is solely responsible for the growth and we can safely ignore the contribution of all the people who actually do the work, well, you're beyond help). While there are some true innovators in the tech industry, vastly more capital goes to extractive, rent-seeking corporations that are actually ANTI-innovative, and merely exploit their position to extract maximum rent dollars from customers. Examples: Cable/ISPs who get anti-competitive laws passed to eliminate potential competition, even from towns themselves who want to install cable, MPAA fighting new distribution models, fossil-fuel power providers getting anti-solar legislation passed, high-frequency trading shops that extract money by quasi-legally front-running the market, providing no extra value, auto-dealer associations attempting to prevent Tesla's direct sales business model from coming to their state, real estate agents trying to prevent innovation from changing their commission structure, etc, etc., etc... Although some of them do actual work, their protectionist anti-innovation behavior puts them all in the "predatory capitalist" class -- they actively prevent the very improved productivity and growth that you cite as deserving of the income, and in doing so they take money out of the economy. That's exactly the same BS argument as "just give me your product for free and you'll get tons of publicity". Only works if the person proposing it is actually world-famous. Otherwise, it's just scamming. (Not even addressing the copyright infringement issues here.) You are freeloading on PG's insight and fame, trying to increase yours at his expense. Even if the expense is relatively trivial, it's no less true. If it were actually OK, you would have already asked PG if it was ok for you to hack up his articles and re-publish them under your name. Come to think of it, why don't you ask him directly, and see if he thinks it's ok, or what conditions he'd put on it? Let us know how that conversation goes. I prefer to think if it as an Innumeracy Tax. A friend once commented on the subway advert that went: "All you need is a dollar and a dream" His comment was: "We'll keep the dollar and you keep the dream". Just take any job that requires a significant highway commute, you'll see more than that. Whenever you get full speed traffic occasionally interrupted by traffic jams (from whatever cause, other accident, tolls, weather, low angle sunlight, construction, etc.), you'll get a higher incidence of rear-enders. Especially when the tail of the slow/stopped traffic is at a point just past a hill or curve. I got rear-ended myself some years ago in just such a situation, clear sky & dry road. The traffic ahead had slowed dramatically driving into a section where the bright, low winter sun was in everyone's eyes, we couldn't see that before the gentle bend & rise in the road, I saw the slowing traffic & had to brake hard, the person behind me braked late and hit me even though I'd tried to stretch my braking as much as possible to give her more room. There was another similar accident minutes later just behind us. This kind of rapid-slowing situation in tight-fast traffic will likely even get out of hand even for automated cars, unless there is car-to-car communication. This is because of the slight delay for each successive slowing car in the accordion-effect accumulates to the point where eventually the required reaction time decreases and required deceleration rate increases past the performance envelope. At that point, a crash is inevitable. With car-to-car communication and automation, the last car in the pack can start braking almost simultaneously with the first one and avoid this. So, no, it's not hyperbole, it's ordinary. NO, a higher licensing bar for human drivers will NOT solve the problem, it would only exacerbate it (and I'm ALL FOR setting a higher licensing bar for humans for other reasons). The problem here is NOT the untrained driver -- it is the attention span and loss of context. I've undergone extensive higher training levels and passed much higher licensing tests to get my Road Racing license. I can tell you from direct experience of both that the requirements of high-performance driving are basically the same as the requirements to successfully drive out of an emergency situation: you must 1)have complete command of the vehicle, 2) understand the grip and power situation at all the wheels, AND 3) have a full situational awareness and understand A) all the threats and their relative damage potential (oncoming truck vs tree, vs ditch, vs grass), and B) all the potential escape routes and their potential to mitigate damage (can I fit through that narrowing gap, can I handbrake & back into that wall, do I have the grip to turn into that side road... ?). Training will improve #1 a lot. For #2, situational awareness, and #3, understanding the threats and escapes, there is no substitute for being alert and aware IN THE SITUATION AHEAD OF TIME. When driving at the limit, either racing or in an emergency, even getting a few tenths of a second behind can mean big trouble. When you are actively driving and engaged, you HAVE CURRENT AWARENESS of road, conditions, traffic, grip, etc. You at least have a chance to stay on top of it. With autopilot, even with the skills of Lewis Hamilton, you are already so far behind as to be doomed. 60 mph=88 feet/sec. It'll be a minimum of two seconds from when the autopilot alarms before you can even begin to get the situation and the wheel in hand. You're now 50 yards downrange, if you haven't already hit something. Even with skills tested to exceed the next random 10,000 drivers on the road, the potential for this situation to occur would terrify me. I might use such a partial system in low-risk situations like slow traffic where its annoying and the energies involved are fender-bender level. Otherwise, no way. Human vigilance and context siwtching is just not that good. I can't wait for fully-capable autodriving technology, but this is asking for trouble. Quit cargo-culting technology. There is a big valley of death between assist technologies and full-time automation. Interesting watching that video of rugby hits, noticing the legs. Perhaps it's just selection, but I'm wondering if it is rules requiring tackling above the waist, but it seems like every hit on that vid caused no leg injury; no knees got bend backwards, or jammed sideways, and they seemed to invariably fall with bent knees (which is protective as the leg can rotate with the force rather than tear ligaments). The hands, however, seemed to be often at risk. Is this the case? If so, was the rule ever changed for improved safety, or just ~always that way? very informative - thx! I didn't say it was -- I opened by agreeing, then also provide my example, as a lead-in to the car-to-car communication point. And yes, when you have an urban highway commute of any distance, it is not unusual to see that many crashes. maybe not every day, but not far off, and enough that you cannot rely upon commute times, precisely because the crashes are so unpredictable. You might try actually reading other posts before replying with trivial inaccurate potshots. sheesh And both were probably illegal at the time. When Social Security was created, people were concerned about it becoming a de-facto national ID system, and it was illegal to use SSNs as an ID for anything other than taxes and Social Security Biz. Medical insurance companies commonly broke the law but skirted it by saying it was "optional", and of course not telling anyone about the option. At least several times when I applied for insurance, I filled in "Assign ID" and had to correct the first level agent who insisted that I needed to provide and SSN. Patiently insisting that they needed to escalate the call, the first higher-level agents who knew would immediately accept it. This sort of sloppyness confusing an IDentifier with an authentication has now gotten us into a world of trouble. The smart ones will start building significant large offices and headquarters outside of SV & Seattle. Amazon is already starting to location-shop for a second headquarters. They'll need to get more senators on their side than just the 4 from CA and WA. "Fantasy"? Not even close. We hope it stays far away, but when a highly technological society breaks down, it can happen very fast. Just read about Sarajevo, went from thriving metropolis to desperate in a matter of days, in a matter of 2-3 months, people were dying of starvation. Gangs ruled, and you had to be organized and armed to survive. Venezuela is descending into that state now, even with recently imposed gun confiscation. (and those are just political disasters) I write this without having made any particular preparations, as increasing instability has not yet crossed my threshold of probability. But to think that it is a mere "fantasy" that things could get bad enough to need stockpiles and weapons is itself the fantasy. Just read a bit of history, and/or do a bit or research into how fast things will run out --critical things-- when our Just-In-Time economy no longer delivers everything in time. [[edit: add parenthetical on political disasters]] Yes, this is becoming a textbook example of the situation where the old investment adage applies: "Don't try to catch a falling knife..." Biological plausibility is only silly if you assume that biology has NOT in ~4 billion years of evolution managed to explore the design space and arrive at good general maxima/peak design for intelligent processes and are not merely stuck on the first local peak design encountered. It assumes that outside of this biological design space lies both lower peaks and much higher unexplored peaks. While it is likely that somewhere in the universe are higher peaks of design schemes for intelligence, it is also likely that those peaks are difficult to reach from here (4B+ years of evolution hasn't done it yet). It's also possible that the Fermi Paradox is showing is that there is no substantially better general design schema. So, the more successful approach would probably be to seek designs for the first Automated General Intelligence in a design space that has already demonstrably succeeded, then perhaps use that AGI to search for other better design spaces. >industrial espionage is a wealth transfer that reduces inequality yeah, the worst kind of reduction in inequality -- stealing the work product legitimately earned by the developer. Someone going into your house and stealing all your electronics, and publishing your code also reduces inequality, I suppose you're ok with that? >...1/2 the price of the other tires and the Chinese tires are shockingly fine Just because you aren't able to discern the difference between your cheap Chinese tires and real ones doesn't mean that there is no difference. Perhaps they are adequate to the task of your daily driving, or perhaps the difference will only appear when they delaminate/burst/tear off the bead/fail to grip/etc. at the wrong moment and you find yourself in the ditch or in oncoming traffic. I'm continuously surprised at how credulous the HN readership is about counterfeit/stolen/copied technology (perhaps have a look at my post in my current field of expertise regarding counterfeit carbon bicycles, not unlike tires in complexity [0]). Perhaps HN readers have a bias from experiencing digital copies as 100% reliable, but in the manufacturing world, there are myriad opportunities to introduce bad variables. It's certainly remarkable that the Chinese company has produced a minimally usable tire, but I wouldn't trust my life to it without a lot more testing (for a yard truck, sure, but on the road...). [0] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10333244 >If you copy my journal, I can still use my journal. They're categorically different. maybe sub-categorically different, but not completely different. If I steal your journal, you lose a key property of it -- its privacy. If your journaling your life as a thief, you could lose your freedom, if you're journaling your life as a spy, you may die. But sure, you haven't lost your ability to use your journal! More importantly, if you have spent your time, effort, and savings do develop a new valuable process, and I steal it, sure you can still use it, but you LOSE the ability to use all of the profits that MY company now gains by selling products made of that same process. You lose your market advantage, you lose sales, you lose income. I watched this happen with a small high-performance engine producer who had their engines made in Taiwanese factory. They saw some identical models that were basically being made by their factory & sold out the back door. They called their factory and they stopped the sales. But the competitor now had a large enough bankroll to hire another factory to make similar designs. AAANND now, they have a half-priced competitor, much lower quality, but similar specs, and they can do less R&D. So, NO, your justifications that 'they can still use the thing that they had/have' are, to put it bluntly, merely bullshit justification for theft. And it seems that you just said it was OK to take and publish your code under my name? Care to publish your IP addr and credentials so we can freely access your journals and code to publish for ourselves (presuming that you produce something of value)? > quality variability cuts both ways yes, virtually every manufacturer has an occasional problem. The good ones have fewer, address them proactively, and don't wait to be forced by the govt regulators. Hope your Chinese guys are the former, but I wouldn't bet on it. Happy that your tire guys pass DOT and some FAA certs on their products; that is indeed a good sign. Still doesn't justify IP theft tho. yes, I'd agree that a "People's Revolution" is a worse kind of inequality reduction. No. Copying the designs and hiring out a production run is orders of magnitude more capital-intensive than "simply purchasing one" of the units already in production. For the reverse-engineering, you must first purchase some units, then produce your own accurate measurements & drawings, then find a manufacturer or setup your own factory, and then pay for tooling, all BEFORE you make unit #1. This is far more complex & costly than "simply purchasing one". For the thieves, all of those expenses had already been paid by the original designer. They merely bought their units at the marginal cost of production. This eliminated the startup cost for the competitor's business. The seed capital and IP investment they would have needed was replaced by the theft. They then bootstrapped the stolen knowledge and new profits into their own production. And the oritinal company is surviving and outpacing the theiving Chinese competitor, disproving your contention that 'they have no business'. More generally, there isn't any business where you wouldn't be able to compete if you could buy the finished product out the back door of the factory at the marginal cost of production. If we could buy Apple or Samsung products out the back door of their factory at the marginal cost of production, we could certainly make a lot of profit very fast. Yet I see no viable argument they have no business model. Seriously, stop trying to justify theft. Well, we agree about the economic acts of war, but not about IP theft. Open source is great, but your original argument would say that it's OK not only for me to copy and republish your works, but also to close-source it under my name. It'd also be OK for me to take your journal, edit it a bit, and publish it. Then you might die because of my editing rather than your actions. No question, IP rights as constructed are often abused. We might also note that SpaceX is not using patents, but trade secrets because of this. And just because it's not patented, doesn't mean that Elon would not be justifiably pissed if the secrets got stolen. Stealing is still stealing, and we need to understand that just because part of the bundle of rights to some IP still remain behind (e.g., the original copy remains), that something valuable hasn't been stolen. Problem is, the result of this hunting is ranches where big game animals are grown just to be shot. And 'hunting' big game with modern high-powered rifles and scopes is barely more than a level-1 vidgame. Seriously, you're virtually guaranteed to bag something, and the biggest risk is a sprained ankle with your guide as backup. The best solution is to sell expensive packages to hunt the most dangerous game of all -humans- specifically, poachers. Your big fee gets you deputized, mostly goes to protect the park, and you go on a real hunt of something that has a fighting chance, and you'll genuinely improve the animals' chance of survival if you succeed. Glad you're not ok w/ theft & are looking for improving biz models. Their biz model is pretty good, as evidenced by the fact that they're still going strong despite the theft. Their IP is primarily the engine designs for high power-weight ratios, reliability, manufacture-ability, etc. They sell to military and high-performance hobbyists. Foxcon is probably stopped only by the threat of Apple's large legal dept and the likelihood that they'd lose their biggest contract, probably be put out of biz, executives possibly executed for making an international incident/harming the PRC (it's China...). Basically, compared to a startup who is a small customer of a foundry/machine shop, Apple stops Foxconn with threat of enormous power. IMO, what this biz should have done differently is found a way to build in US or MX with a more trusted manufacturer. Or, if they had no choice but China, split the work between multiple unrelated suppliers so that no one supplier has any surplus or ability to create it. e.g., buy the materials at Source A, provide to Source B for with requirement to produce X cast parts, take those cast parts to machine shop w/req to produce X machined parts and ship all bad parts for inspection. Preferably ship each intermediate step to your own agent for inspection and shipping to next step, partly for verification, and partly to prevent supply chain from making knock-offs. I know one of my Swiss suppliers had some of their material mfg in China just for the Asia market, I expressed skepticism, and they said, "oh, no, we're making sure they have nothing -- we send them only the pre-made chemicals ready to mix & pour, and their only job is to pour/cure/cut. They have no idea what they are mixing, and it'd be nearly impossible to reverse engineer". In short, take more serious steps to protect IP. "The market can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent." -- John Maynard Keynes (attrib) >> how many engineering projects face regular enemy action? The last time somebody actively tried to compromise a system I was building was two weeks ago. How many engineers live like that? Every bit of military hardware, or child's toy, for starters. More generally, you cite anticipated harm from vandalism or car crashes as being part of the general environment. It is far past time to recognize that the hacking environment in which we live IS THE NORMAL ENVIRONMENT, and these hacks ARE everyday anticipated harm. Software does not live in a virtual vacuum of space. It is on the internet, and will likely be scanned withing seconds if unprotected. Even tall buildings are now designed after 9/11 to better withstand jetliners crashing into them. To follow your metaphor, most of the hacks are completely unsophisticated, the equivalent of a bridge falling because some kid came along with a can of spray paint, or a screwdriver and started pulling screws. Let's also not pretend that other engineering disciplines doesn't also have to face real-world unpredictable and hostile inputs. Even children's toys have to be designed so as not to be hazardous from persistent, random, and clever unexpected attempts at use, misuse, and abuse from children. The same thing for consumer tools, which have many design features to frustrate the unending supply of clever idiots out there trying to win Darwin awards and sue you if they fail (or their families if they succeed). I've done both software and hardware, and your expressed attitude that software is somehow inherently more difficult or threatened is utter nonsense. The only basis for this is impatient project management where the key priority is to to ship yesterday because the management are idiots and think software is trivial. These approaches to start slinging code, write it fast and change it often are useful only for prototyping. In writing real software, my first two steps are 1) understand your problem in depth, and 2) work very hard for a long time to avoid writing code (i.e., better architecture to simplify, separate dependencies, etc.++). After substantial effort is put into those, then write only the code that is necessary. I take a similar approach to manufacturing, understand it, design a process with minimal key elements, then build those. Software is not a 'special snowflake'. I agree that the First-To-Ship mentality you mention and other shortsightedness negate the reality of the current environment. But if the industry doesn't start changing itself, it'll have change imposed upon it. The Equifax breach alone, especially if it is weaponized by a state actor has the potential to completely undermine our banking system. All because of weak software and inadequate maintenance. This is not like we have sophisticated attackers going after solidly designed & engineered structures. It's like we have teenagers and squirrels wandering around the back and freely climbing in windows where the specification didn't even include installing glass. And then commenters like GP saying that it is too great a threat to design around teenagers and squirrels. Perhaps you didn't read to the end where they discussed how the bushmen got past the level of Chimps: >>. A key to that lost or forsworn ability, Suzman suggests, lies in the ferocious egalitarianism of hunter-gatherers. For example, the most valuable thing a hunter can do is come back with meat. Unlike gathered plants, whose proceeds are “not subject to any strict conventions on sharing,” hunted meat is very carefully distributed according to protocol, and the people who eat the meat that is given to them go to great trouble to be rude about it. This ritual is called “insulting the meat,” and it is designed to make sure the hunter doesn’t get above himself and start thinking that he’s better than anyone else. “When a young man kills much meat,” a Bushman told the anthropologist Richard B. Lee, “he comes to think of himself as a chief or a big man, and he thinks of the rest of us as his servants or inferiors. . . . We can’t accept this.” The insults are designed to “cool his heart and make him gentle.” For these hunter-gatherers, Suzman writes, “the sum of individual self-interest and the jealousy that policed it was a fiercely egalitarian society where profitable exchange, hierarchy, and significant material inequality were not tolerated.” Technically, that's correct, although it's a conceit that was foisted upon us by the software industry, partly as an artifact of copyright law and partly to gain more control over their product than others could gain. As futile as it is, I'd rather see the concept go away than see it further enshrined in subscription services. THIS This example of a trend in current software development is extremely annoying and disturbing. If your software is suppose to behave like magic, you had better make DAMN sure that it ALWAYS behaves like magic. AND do it at the design stage, AND taking account of every possible unexpected input, AND fully verifying the code, AND adding checks on both the client and server side, AND adding fail-safes so that when the checks fail the software recovers properly, AND doing this for every damn feature. But this presumptuous twat of a developer, obviously thinks that his first-cut at some agile magic code is perfect (and for a File-Syncing app no less!?!) and it is just the users that are foolishly wanting to mess up his ever-so-cool design. And this is just one of thousands infesting our software development world today thinking that their ability to remove controls from the user is 'cool'. If you have this attitude, it doesn't matter if you work for Google or some no-name startup -- you should leave. Now. You should not be building anything. You are building a tool for the user, not a piece of art to be admired in a museum. Tools have user interfaces. Just as it is your job to avoid 10000 controls/widgets/menu options, it is also your job to give users a usable amount of controls appropriate to the task, and also to provide recovery options, like refresh, and preferably some control over how those controls appear ('Clean Screen' vs 'Advanced'...). get practical / edit fmt Thx for the tip. Sometimes a quick rant is more effective or all I've got time to post (vs a substantially edited essay). I'm also disappointed in the formatting: I meant only the first sentence to have a mid-sentence all-caps. The list of "AND..." items was supposed to be just that, a list, each on it's own line with those as the bullet point leaders. Sadly, it refused to format as I entered it and mangled it all into one paragraph, and I didn't have time to take more than one shot at fixing/debugging it. At least, though it was an imperfect post, there are those who liked it. Why would the practice of updating a product eliminate the concept of ownership? We can own a product and get updates as part of a warranty, or a program to purchase new upgrades. The expectation of updating also seems to be making the software industry even more slipshod and crappy, with a just ship it now ans fix it later attitude. I'd much rather see properly designed products and software infrastructure, built right the first time, and delivered once. But that would require competence and forethought. The 30-hour on-call shifts did start out as just on-call. However, it has long since become the case that it was effectively 30-hour straight shifts, with maybe an opportunity to catch a 20min nap. Source: Had friends in Med School some years ago. It would not surprise me if the math actually worked out that it would be best to pay people $5 or something to get the shot. It's be especially good if the payout was perhaps $2 to get it but $5 if more than 50% of the pop in an area got the shot. Maybe manageable with an Etherium contract? NO! Agree that the transition is hard, but Standard time is much better. Wakening before the sun is not only biologically counterproductive, but the late morning dark would further hinder ability to exercise in the morning for months out of the year. Just Kill DST, stay on standard time and be done with it So, then, you'll be providing your children for testing, to be sorted into the group? For some things, the potential hazards (in this case, lifelong desensitization to, or increased propensity to violence) so drastically exceed the potential benefits (in this case, a bit more profit and less work for Google), that we should proceed with the precautionary principle, rather than just saying "F-it, show em whatever, we don't yet have proof that it's bad". Learn a bit of perspective. It has also been repeatedly pointed out that the YTube reporting system to takedown inappropriate content consistently fails. Plausible scenario is that it fails is that they assign a few human reviewers, and set the threshold of reports required so that those humans aren't overworked. Then they make the erroneous assumption that their staffing for the task is adequate and that items falling below the reporting threshold must be fine. Wrong.' Um, no. The tests were rather deliberately located away from cities and avoided creating the firestorms required to raise the massive dust clouds and create the effect. They were also not near-simultaneous. Really? This is not only a worse-than-useless, waste-of-user-time feature on its own, but it actively interrupts the user to get their attention! So, this PM decided to put into a production environment a feature that interrupts a customer's workflow for no good benefit. It doesn't even benefit Microsoft, so he's not even being a bandit. This is the very definition of stupid. Hurt the other guy, hurt yourself, for no benefit to either [1]. So, why would or should any employer continue to pay a person who performs such an obviously stupid action in a production environment to continue in the same position? We may have a right to jobs if we continue to produce output that benefits the customers and employer, not simply because we continue to exist. Start harming your customers and/or employers, and why should you continue to receive their resources? [1] http://serendip.brynmawr.edu/serendipia/Stupidity.html Oh, so it'd be ok if the "angry internet person" hust happened to be the PM's boss, noticed this abomination & fired them? Indeed, if more "angry internet people" (with good clear points like this one) actually provoked performance reviews, we might have better software. Quit the sophistry. The guy had a real point and you're merely trying to make distracting noise. I'd definitely be interested in exploring. I have a carbon fiber design & fabrication biz/shop, done some UAS/drone projects... let's see what could work My favorite: http://fiatleak.com/ Unpleasant indeed! I'm actively wondering whether it would be possible to build an external ranking-by-review system, since Amazon's system has been fully gamed, and I use a completely different algorithm. Meanwhile entire categories are completely full of fraudulent junk -- start with LiPo 18650 batteries. One seller was even using Tesla's brand and logo claiming to sell their batteries. It disappeared a few days after I reported them, so Amazon does appear to be doing something, but it's completely inadequate. This seems particularly relevant to legislators and politicians, and much of the electorate. yup, I just want a thermostat that I can remotely access -directly- and not through someone else's server. Just keep track of my IP addr myself, and yes if the ISP swaps it out for another I'll have to update it when I get there again... blah, blah, blah, yes' it'd be fine with me. Yet I cannot fine one. Every single 'smart' thermostat has some corporate service I have to negotiate through for access, and of course if that is down, well, I'm outta luck. and, they're surely accumulating all of my data. Anybody know of one? I'm actually looking for one for my shop, which has a longer heat-up time For home, I agree that the programmable ones are ok, although they fall down when we travel for more than a week -- we have to either run it an unnecessary day, or arrive to an extra-cold house, so if there was a good one, it'd still be handy there. looks quite interesting - thanks! >> Money is being left on the table. It sure is -- I'd buy that immediately. The nice part about it is, if their "cloud" services actually added value, I'd be happy to sign up for that too. I just want a direct access and a fall-back if their cloud goes offline (and I read about that happening in the reviews of every single one). And sure, we're a subset of the market, but I'd expect a sufficiently large subset to make it worthwhile. If it was a really good unit with high-quality sensors, WiFi connectors and other components, I'd pay more than for a Nest. While Personas may plausibly work as an aide for marketing program development (a convenient way to abstract audience preferences), it is fundamentally doomed as a useful UX design concept. Any product or software is a TOOL to get things done. The UI is the exposed interface to allow that work to be done, whether it is the deign of the handle on a hammer, or the menu/button/etc. structure. The good UI makes it obvious and easy to perform the actual task or tasks for which the tool is intended. A "Persona" is simply too vague a spec to provide guidance on how to design a more usable tool. What is needed is a clear concept of the tasks to be done, not some abstract set of demographic characteristics, motivations and attitudes. Agree that this is a higher level of design abstraction. Yet, I still do not think that it is a high enough level of abstraction for a Persona to be useful (you need to get out to marketing, if they're ever useful). Even at the 'What classes/pages/workflows do I need' stage, what you really need is living users who are domain experts who will actually use the tool to identify both the tasks and the ways they might best be accomplished. There's a reason that many of the best products are designed by someone who was building them for themselves as Customer#1 -- they internally knew what was needed. To extend the metaphor a bit - you're trying to design an improved hammer, but how helpful would it be to consider the "Joe Carpenter" Persona and what he'd want, vs talking to a bunch of live carpenters and finding that they really have good hammers, but actually need better nail-pullers? The persona will get you nowhere, but the actual carpenters will get you a new market and product that sells. Of course it's not possible to always be your own target audience, just an ideal example. Yet your counterexample is also interesting. I'd say that you need the best domain expert to design something for someone who doesn't care how tech works. Obviously, this expert canNOT be one of those myopic tech-centered geeks, but the essence of designing for non-tech users is to understand the tasks & goals at a very deep level so that you can effectively simplify the UI & process. I'm all over architecture, as that can really simplify the dev, maint, upgrade, sysadmin, & running processes. But it'll take a lot more than these examples to convince me that personas are useful for development. I could be convinced that Personas are useful for marketing, but that's because I don't know that much about marketing ;-) They should be documenting the actual micro-detail of the tasks themselves, what are the essential inputs & components of the tasks as well as the signs/outputs/feedback that helps the user do it correctly and efficiently. Zero of this detail has any significant or useful relationship with broad characteristics of some abstract set of demographic characteristics, motivations and attitudes. The team should NOT be attempting to abstract the domain expert's knowledge into some silly Persona, which will lose all of the micro-detail about how the person would actually perform the task. It'd be like trying to build a car and talking about the paint color after you just interviewed the suspension expert that told you about the key factors to the performance being how you keep the tire in contact with the road at the proper angles and pressures. If you are designing a hammer, it doesn't matter if the user is a small high-school girl or an ex-Marine weighlifter, the characteristics you care about are hand size and grip strength, and the range of sizes and types of nails being driven. (The actual roles might be a small guy on the Asperger's spectrum and a Woodsman competing woman -- the persona is irrelevant) If your app is balancing a checkbook, it doesn't matter if it is a high-school kid with their first account or a middle-aged worker -- the relevant data is the key numbers on the screen, and the degree of background knowledge they have which might influence what relevant data they want to see (e.g., novice vs expert mode). The persona tells you zero about the skill set or assumptions -- you need to know the detailed skill set. Their age/sex/race/preferred clothing/music/etc. is utterly irrelevant. I sincerely hope that you are not attempting to build tools of any sort, because with the kind of garbage you promote as input, for the output, I don't expect much... OK, here's the thinking behind the negativity towards personas: it is an unnecessary abstraction that makes you think it's helping you, but actually impairs your ability to deliver good tools. To really deliver good tools, you need to get as close as possible to the actual user, ideally becoming one. I found that having a manager in the user company "gather user requirements" and deliver them to us in meetings (sometimes requested by clients thinking it would reduce costs) dramatically degraded what we could deliver and increased schedules and costs, compared to having the devs talking with and sitting next to the users for even an hour. (and yes, we did talk to the mgrs as users for their specific needs too) Personas are an even worse level of abstraction than talking only to the managers. You must focus on the very details of the interface where the rubber meets the road, not on some 3rd- or 4th-level abstraction. Even in you get all the micro-details and include then in your "Jane Persona" abstraction, it won't help you interpolate the data sets from Task A and Task C to figure out how to implement Task B any better than looking directly at your two data sets. And, talking to actual user "Jane Real Person" will beat both of those options, because you'll probably learn something new. Always go as close as you can to the source. Abstraction is often just a good way to fool yourself. [edit: redundant repeated words ] Fair enuf, mostly referring to the handicap you'd be working under w/those abstractions. (should have written "not developing tools under that handicap..." or similar) Looks like a cool tool -- I'll check it out! [edit: +descriptive parenthetical] Yes, they will definitely keep climbing on you until they find a 'good spot'. The bite is also usually painless, so they can often hang on unnoticed for hours or days (iirc, they inject a numbing agent, as getting noticed kind of ends their life cycle). I read an article that described their basic algorithm as climb to the top of whatever they are on, blade of grass, shrub branch, etc., and just hang out there waving their arms until something brushes by and they snag it, then climb again until they find a good spot. In New England, I've had to get in the habit of immediately dropping the clothes in the wash, showering, and then diligently checking the whole body for tics after a run, mtn bike, or hike. And I still occasionally find one hours later. The good thing is that they don't really inject the disease until they've been attached and biting for 24 hours or so and are mostly engorged. Definitely a hazard to be diligent about! [edt: spelling] Here's another counterpoint for you. Former US Ski Team member, XC running, Cycling, Mtn Bike, and auto racing compeititor, still do some competitions. Used Fitbit extensively for several years until it died and I felt like I'd learned enough from it to not get another one (although I was more interested in its stairs/altitude gain tracking than the steps). Very big on high intensity training as well as overall activity level (really non-stationary level), intermittent fasting, etc. And no, I don't find TDEE and "macro ratio" very useful at all. Yes, there's some examples of what you cite, and yes 10K/day was originally a mktg gimmick, but your generalizations are crap. Also, unnecessarily uncharitable against people who are at lower levels. Better that a couch potato starts to count steps and get out a bit more, and so discover they can do more than they thought, and grow into better fitness, than be ridiculed for not doing enough. I could just as well criticize you for being some kind of idle geek for focusing on numbers I find only marginally relevant compared to HR-Max (186 these days), HR Recovery rate, Jump Height, etc., but I'll go with the hope that what you are doing works for you. YES, especially to any fabric such as socks, shorts, etc. seem especially good for them to snag, considering the number of times I've caught them crawling up a leg or something. I'd guess less so against a shaved leg or something, but still check diligently, since shoes, socks, etc. Running is probably an ideal speed for them to snag you (think how they'd be snagging deer, dogs, etc), and I've never found biking fast enough to not get them. It seems like they don't grab by any reflex, but just by hanging a few hooks out in the breeze to snag whatever comes by. Another thing I found that I didn't expect -- I'd guessed that they'd be most active in hotter weather, making motion easier, etc., but it seems that the most active times are moderate temps, maybe 10-25C (50-77F), but we still need to watch out outside of that range. I've seen them all the way down to almost freezing and up in the 30C+/90F+ range. Not sure that it would be undermining contracts retroactively. IANAL, but the approach I'd consider is fraud/breach of contract. The previous victims settled and paid a royalty to use a patentable technology. It turns out that it was not what was represented. Ergo, refund. How it plays out surely depends a lot on regional courts, precedents, etc. It's a nice idea, but he's using data that is waaaay too abstracted from anything he'd need for comparison. For starters, he did mention that at that level, the courses are set differently and/or on different trails, so the speed numbers are meaningless, even in aggregate. (if the data are meaningless, don't do the analysis) Even tho the aggregate speeds may be similar in Slalom and Giant Slalom, it doesn't remotely reveal relevant data. At the lower levels, women and men do compete on the same course, women skiing first, so the course is in better shape. Their times are consistently slower than the men who run the same course later when it is more chewed up. Similarly, when women racers occasionally ski as forerunners on the same course, although they're skiing as a course & systems check and not supposed to go flat-out, so might not squeeze out the last few tenths of a second, it's still the same results. If it were down to only skills, mental toughness, preparation, I'd expect the women to ski as fast, but I'm pretty sure that there are some biomechanical factors in ski racing that will still be critical, e.g., muscle/bone leverage and similar factors that keep women's weightlifting below the men's results. A lot of it is strength and flexibility, as you have to hold your edge in the ice (most race-courses are deliberately iced so they don't get so chewed up) against some serious forces and vibrations/chatter/bumps. Oversimplifying a bit, more strength allows you to hold the edge in better contact with the ice and generate higher turning forces, while simultaneously maintaining a supple feel for the surface and how your ski is working. Source: Former USST alpine racer,(mostly DH, also SL/GS/SG). Right, yes, so it doesn't matter how much they steal from customers. Got it. The point of the regulation is to prevent the scam, or recover for the customer the scammed funds. Three on-off cycles in rapid succession is exactly what you get in non-urban electrical systems when a tree falls against a wire. The local breaker detects the short to ground and cuts out, then resets after a few seconds on the chance that the tree has continued it's fall to the ground. If there's still a short, it repeats, and after the third or fourth short->cutout (depending on the local utility settings), stays off on the assumption that the tree is well and truly hung up on the line and will need a crew to fix it. It's pretty common occurrence in many locales where I've lived. It is neither a "naked display of political power" nor "forcing them to subsidize others". The utilities have been granted a monopoly by the govt, and in exchange, are subject to regulations. If anything is a "naked display of political power" it is the granting of a monopoly. The reason the monopoly is granted, is that it is most efficient as a society to have a single successful power distributor than to have multiple failing ones with redundant infrastructure (power poles, lines, etc.). And, for monopolies, to regulate them to reasonable profits instead of allowing any winner of the failing competitors to establish a rapacious monopoly. With new developments in rooftop solar and batteries making it economical, it is sensible that these distributed modes be supported, and the system migrated towards distributed power. I've always wondered why this wasn't done sooner as a civil defense measure (as the interstate highway system was built as a defense measure, to transport troops to either coast in 24h). As such, they are only being forced to subsidize their customers' ability to either generate power or live at greater efficiency. Obvious or not, at the time the monopolies were granted, that was the assessment. And yes, in dense areas, we may have two cable competitors who've both built out the Last Mile. But it is not everywhere, and there are many areas where there is zero build-out, and the only service you can get is DSL on old copper maintained by the TelCos. Moreover, the monopoly system for Electrical and TelCos was adopted requiring them to provide service to ALL, both the highly profitable dense urban neighborhoods and the massively unprofitable rural areas with one farm every several miles. See the Rural Electrification Act of 1936. The fact that it was done this way pushed the US very far ahead in the world, providing both electrical and telephone service almost everywhere. The fact that the Internet was NOT done this way puts us somewhere out the top 25 in Internet service. Central planning will create a disaster when completely relied upon, but completely avoiding it will also create a disaster. Some things work as a system and society with a measure of applied foresight. And in a world like this with weaker defense than offense, the only good defense is a good offense, i.e., deterrence. In military terms, this means that an attacker knows that arousing the enemy will mean hell to pay, and they can only engage in asymmetric warfare. In the computing space, we don't have much of an offense. The best I saw was the Blue Frog anti-spam, which was great while it lasted. Russian crackers have mostly learned not to attack their own govt unless they want the appropriate unit of measure for the expected lifespan to change from decades to weeks. Seems that we'll need to live very cautiously for some time, or develop responses that 'reach out and touch someone' (specifically the attackers). edit:+ Moreover, it seems that in international cyber-attacks, some of the responses will need to be kinetic in order to deter. Yup. That's the job of good intel agencies and cyber-defense. Of course with BlueFrog, that work was already done -- just automate the response do complain/unsub, and the spam campaign becomes a DDOS on the advertiser. I'd love to see that back again. Same for spam/spoofed-ID tel calls. Answering and trolling the telemarketer by wasting their time is nice by ineffective 1-on-1. It'd be nice to ID & target them with a scaled-up response. Actually, as someone who loves to drive and race (& has won regional championships in road racing, ice racing, autocross, karting), I can't wait for self-driving L5 cars to become the norm. Driving on the public roads has long since ceased to be much fun. Traffic density is ever-increasing. The average drivers' skill level has deteriorated noticeably and their distraction level has increased such that 60% of them might as well be actively trying to kill you. Meanwhile the guys with the blue lights have much denser coverage. Occasionally, far from the cities, I manage to find a brief stretch of fun, but they are ever more scarce. I've also given up my road bike and stick to mountain biking. And my observations aren't unique among those I know. At this point, I'd much rather just be able to hop in my car and read as it gets me to my destination. Save the fun driving for the racetracks or off-road. And yes, the loss of revenue to the Police Depts who spend their time catching the easy to measure infractions instead of the ones who actually create hazards will be delicious. Amazon may not consider it an issue - yet, but if they don't before it make critical mass, it could seriously damage them. As a fairly heavy Amazon customer for both home & biz, I was getting to the point where Amazon was just the default buying location, but now there are entire categories of stuff that are such a PITA to find a valid offering that Amazon is just about off my list. Amazon recently keeps showing me a popup about a Biz account for some benefits, and while I probably would have jumped at it 2 years ago, I just haven't bothered now. Yes, it's mere anecdote, but I'm seeing many complaints of the same. This is the kind of problem that doesn't show up in the numbers early, and by the time it shows up in the numbers to get Mgt's attention, it may be too late, because the reputational damage has been done. Years to build trust, minutes to break it... THIS^^! Even as you get deeper into a particular domain, always ask "What is the return?" on investing in any extra toolset. If the cost and mental overhead of the bigger toolset will provide solid improvements in process efficiency and/or quality, then by all means, go for it. But if not... This also applies to other domains, including design & manufacturing, which I'm in now. Sometimes the best, most expensive tool is worth 10x what it costs, and sometimes it's better to just use the basic tools. Caveat emptor, and even more for your time than your money Exactly! As pointed out in the article: "Slack's business model is to record everything said in a workspace and then to sell you access to their record of your conversations." Slack recognizes, unfortunately before most of it's customers, that the history is one of the most important assets of a company -- it is the shared institutional knowledge, the thousands of hard-won lessons of all the things that can go wrong that are now fixed, and how they were fixed. This institutional knowledge is not only in the heads of the workers, but also in the papers, and many would need, or at least benefit from, a lookup of the details to re-use that knowledge. This institutional knowledge is a key competitive advantage of almost every company. This business model of capturing it and rent-seeking on selling it back to them is a devil's bargain. "Here's this really slick UI for free, only costs a bit later... nevermind that we'll own the soul of your company and you'll need to pay us tribute in perpetuity..." Also working on substitution in the diet of Omega-6s to Omega-3s. It's actually very difficult, as almost everything is swamped with O-6s. I've literally given up on Mayo for sandwiches, just using high O-6 olive oil for now. I've provisionally concluded that this is because of shelf life -- the O-6s have good shelf life, but the O-3s do not, so essentially need to be made fresh or kept in special containers, cooled, etc. I feel like supplements can be good as a supplement, but I'm looking to improve my eating system. Any suggestions welcome! Yikes! Canola oil is near the top of my Avoid List. I've seen various ratios, but even with that, the processing involves high heat and hexane, both of which can substantially alter the molecules, and it's high in polyunsaturated fats, so goes rancid easily, destroying the n-3s, but it's hard to detect because of the processing... Automated enforcement is a difference in kind, not a difference in quantity. The entire structure of penalties was built on the assumption that people would usually get away with infractions. One can speed for years only occasionally having a ticket, but absolute enforcement would make the simplest regular trip have an extreme cost (or jam traffic like never seen before), and most peole would accumulate enough points to lose their license within 20 miles... With absolute enforcement and penalties for every infraction, the entire set of penalties would need to be reworked. Maybe something like 1c/mph-minute over the limit. Or $1 for blocking a bike lane for 5 min. I worked with a USN heli pilot & commander. They had to go repeated tests where they were strapped into a helicopter body, blindfolded, and then it was dropped and inverted into a pool. They had safety divers immediately in the water, but to pass, they needed to get unstrapped, find their way out of the vehicle, and to the surface. From amateur auto racing, I also know that harness and latch design is critical to being able to escape in an emergency. Again, we practice getting out of the vehicle quickly. A video is just not even close to what would actually help the passengers. Note that the pilot escaped ok, but no passengers did. Might as well just take their money and say "good luck". Yes, but you not only have to just quit -- you also must do more. Before deleting your account overwrite everything with garbage data. If you simply close or delete your account, FB saves everything (in case you might come back, they can offer you a better experience, don'tcha' know?). At least overwriting garbage may give you a slightly better chance. You also need to use NoScript or the like and deny all FB scripts. FB tracks and maintains profiles on everyone, even whether or not you are members. They are being sued over this in the EU. Also find and delete their hidden Super-cookies; 200kb of data, including all your other browsing habits, Amazon purchases, etc. Several tutorials are searchable online. What did it for me was well before the financial crisis, an earlier real estate crash. The bank at which our software/network business had a credit line lost a bunch of money on bad real estate loans. Their response was to turn the screws on all their customers. Although we had literally never been late on a payment in years, and had run up and down the credit amount, we were literally days away from having our entire loan called, requiring us to suddenly come up with far more cash than we had on hand that week, which would have ended the business. The only thing that saved us was the luck to have a relative that could co-sign for us. Other local businesses didn't have such luck and were shut down. The banks do a lot of marketing telling you how much they are "friends" of business, "there to help you grow", etc. It is utter nonsense. Never mistake a banker as a friend. If their incentives so dictate, it'll only take a New York Minute to stab you in the back. Edit: typos >they are all good guys that are eager to make an amazingly powerful product Lovely. They are also devoid of vision and ethics about the likely results of their actions. In short, they fail to consider the saying: "The road to hell is paved with good intentions". Have they even considered the question: Which of their targets would EVER sign-up for their service? Who are their customers, and why would they pay for the service? The only plausible reason to pay Sentiance is to understand a target's behavior at a fine-grained level in order to insert a stimulus to get them to do something they would otherwise not do willingly. (or a stalker, to assault them). So, they are making a wonderfully powerful tool to enable strangers to change a target's behavior without permission. Yet they are not bright enough to avoid putting a "sign up" popup on their website in a way that interrupts their own video. They will enable someone to cause serious damage to our world. Please get a message to them that they need to stop and shut down. If they want to build something REALLY powerful, they should pivot to building something to allow us to DETECT & PREVENT other software on our phones/computers from doing what they are now trying to do. I'd pay for that, and I'm not the only one. "The road to hell is paved with good intentions." Just because you can do something, does not mean that you should do it. People must apply the same creativity, intelligence, and forethought as they apply to designing & building of their technology to considering the consequences of it's existence and use. And then take appropriate actions to prevent bad consequences and/or misuse. This must include some decisions to not build it in the first place. This is straight-up dezinformatsiya - disinformation from the Putin asset Snowden, attempting to sow distrust of western institutions. Of friggen course the NSA worked to track down some users of BTC -- it is their job. Especially so when those users are using BTC for illegal ops, particularly state-sponsored illegal ops (how about Russians smuggling cocaine from the embassy? https://themoscowtimes.com/news/russian-embassy-in-argentina... ). And there are obviously many other nefarious uses for cryptocurrency that would be in the legitimate purview of the NSA. Yup, just what we might expect -- hordes of downvotes, zero discussion. I used to think Snowden was cool too, until I read more. He was a lousy sysadmin, and definitely not as pure-intentioned as he claimed. And the information he released had definitely damaged the US and the western democracies' ability to maintain national security. edit:typo (correct to "used to") It is not an accusation, it is the fact of the matter. He's a defector, he had help before and during his defection, and he is staying in Russia at the pleasure of the FSB (successor to the KGB), who, as we have seen has no problem terminating people for whom they have no use. Here's just the first article that pops up with some of the details: https://warisboring.com/the-defection-of-edward-snowden/ Here's about the third one, from an author who worked at NSA: https://20committee.com/2016/07/02/the-kremlin-admits-snowde... There are many more, if anyone cares to read them, but this audience remains far too enamored of the 'state surveillance is always evil' mentality (and I formerly had the same attitude, not that it cannot be very evil, but certainly not always so). Snowdon and Putin's efforts to spin the 'hero/whistleblower' yarn, partly through outlest such as Sputnik, RU, Intercept, do not change the facts, and these outlets should be read with extreme skepticism. Not at all unsubstantiated. The very title of the 2nd article I linked specifies that Russians have admitted that he is an asset, and there were FSB people cooperating with him. From the article: "In a remarkable interview this week, Franz Klintsevich, a senior Russian security official, explained the case matter-of-factly: “Let’s be frank. Snowden did share intelligence. This is what security services do. If there’s a possibility to get information, they will get it.” With this, Klintsevich simply said what all intelligence professionals already knew – that Snowden is a collaborator with the FSB. That he really had no choice in the matter once he set foot in Russia does not change the facts." Again, this is just the tip of the iceberg. And, again, I used to think Snowdon was great, but I've since read a lot more data which has changed my mind. Actually, there is quite a bit of evidence, some linked in the articles in the previous post. And there are many other sources if you search. Did you read the linked articles? they aren't just opinion ... BTW, what is the deal with being flagged? First, other than your highlighting it, I see nothing in the UI (displayed on Win/FFox) indicating to me that I've been flagged. How could I tell, and what is it flagged for (If I'm somehow violating some rule or norm, it's kind of hard to change behavior with no info)? What am I missing? I agree with most of the posters here about the article that it was unremarkable that the NSA searches the identities of BTC users and it's in their job remit. The point, which I probably could have made more clear at the outset, is to look at the reason behind the article's existence -- it's published to promote the RUS narrative that the western intelligence services are untrustworthy, and by extension the western governments and alliances are untrustworthy. This is a primary theme in the Russian Active Measures directed at the West. Perhaps we're using the term "asset" differently. As I'm using it, it could be a wide range of intentions, including: * a willing ideological traitor, * a paid agent, * a double agent, * a person cooperating semi-willingly to get out of a jam, * a compromised person unwillingly cooperating, * a dupe or 'useful idiot". The only thing in common is that they have people on the other side successfully working to make some of their actions work for that side and not ours. I do not believe that we'll ever have specific detailed classified evidence revealed to us, at least withing the next 75 years. However, we can take a clue from the people inside the intelligence agencies who have seen the evidence, and they unanimously classify Snowdon as a full-on traitor. I;m not sure I go that far, but he's at least a step above useful idiot. This can be judged just by Snowdon's own a public activity since his taking up residence in Russia (Manning, and Reality Winner, OTOH, are probably mere dupes). edit: & thanks for the tips. ok, quite helpful, thanks! Perhaps. But, but it could be arising more from a need to codify the unwritten rules of society. Why do they now need to be codified when they've worked (more or less) as implicit rules for so long? Seems like different reasons for everything. In this case, the protective tendencies and govt agencies started to over-run the 'free-range' tendencies, and this just pushes it back a bit. How about additionally, 1) providing an "Advanced Feed" providing each user a log of every data field exfiltrated, date/time/who/IP addr,/ etc. 2) requiring every single advert and it's targeting parameters, that runs on the system to be made available in a fully searchable advert pool for anyone to search. This would allow people to see what is being targeted, journalists to figure out what targeting is happening (much of the Cambridge Analytica nonsense happened under the radar for a long time), and regulators to uncover scams. Mere transparency. they could probably figure out a way that this will make them more money if they actually looked at it (e.g., support an ecosystem of people studying the data and figuring out what works better, to better utilize the platform). exactly. There should be transparency similar to other media -- all someone has to do to see if a competitor is running an advert against you is look. On FB, it's all secret. True, I was only looking at regulations going forward, this wouldn't tell you at all what was exfiltrated in the past. I'd totally support that requirement even tho it's a massive task (it's not like FB lacks the funds/resources). While it's excellent to make the code readable for the next guy, I read this as talking about the architecture level, where reading the code will be largely unnecessary because it is all junked for Rev.2 I did this for one SAAS company and it worked out great. Although I had been very much a design-everything, pre-optimize excessively type of coder/designer, for this project at a company I co-founded I went completely the opposite direction. With only a slight nod to the architecture I expected we'd need later, I just coded up the first version in the easiest high-level tools we had, separating only one module. This allowed us to get a much better handle on the actual requirements, especially since the marketing guys of course went out and sold some of the prototype. Fortunately the sales were small enough that we didn't get swamped, but it gave me real data, and strongly reinforced my plan to build a highly modular set of interacting services such that each could run on separate hardware, which could also be scaled in hours. This very scaleable architecture later allowed us to take business from competitors who were (AFAICT) were stuck in a monolithic architecture. But after the first version had served it's purpose, no one has ever read any of the code again in the 15 yrs since. We just started on the main version and never looked back. So as a person who formerly would have recommended the opposite, I can strongly recommend making a really brief Plan A prototype / first version that you plan to throw away. Just make sure that you do actually throw it away, and soon (code that sort-of works does have a way of sticking around too long). > "In fact, "build it yourself from scratch" is an anti-pattern in my opinion." In the context of getting things done, that is sometimes true. However, as an employer, I want to know that you: 1) have enough knowledge to build it from scratch if you have to, starting with analyzing the problem and ending with a coded, tested, debugged, and working solution, preferably at least somewhat optimized. 2) have enough knowledge to be able to read the code that you might want to use in [not building it from scratch] and assess it's value, considering A) whether it will meet the actual need, B) whether it will do so at a lower cost than writing it in-house from scratch, C) whether it will meet or exceed performance parameters, D) not introduce more problems than an in-house solution. 3) make a well-informed and reasoned decision between #1 and #2, and not merely be a copy-paste monkey. Doing copy-paste as a regular practice in school eliminates all three of these capabilities. In short, school is different from work, and you need to adhere to different practices. edit: format good pint about team size. I'd think it may not apply so much with huge teams, as if you probably need to have a very extensive definition of the problem to justify a large team at the outset, so doing the long-term architecture & design up-front (vs. a throw-away version) would likely be best. I'd hope for a situation where the initial small team built the throw-away, ran it hard, then use that knowledge to build the big version and the big team. Um, except when Elon posts video compilations of their failures... (seems to me they're pretty open) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-2PWKdQzuU8 Tho they can't solve it single-handedly, they can refuse to be part of the problem by kowtowing to the Chinese Communist Party. And in case it isn't clear: the only proper attitude to this kind of bullying from the likes of dictatorial regimes is Eff 'em. China are only trying to bully everyone into helping propagate a lie. The fact is that they invaded the country of Tibet in living memory and it's leader still lives in exile. It was nothing but a territorial land and water resources grab. And they have been working on cultural genocide ever since, starting with burning monastaries within the first week of the invasion, and continuing with in-migration of Chinese to swamp the traditional culture, and kidnapping Tibet's religious leaders. We may not be able to force their hand, but every company and person can refuse to participate in their lying charade. (and just to be clear, my beef is with the CCP, not the people of China, who are largely just as subject to the unjust govt) The point is that Assange/Wikileaks, while he/it may not have (and is unlikely to have, IMO) started out as a Russian asset, he was clearly compromised and has behaved as one for the last 6 years or so. He was getting low on funds, and then was cutoff from the credit card system for contributions. shortly after that, he started getting RU appearances. RUS influence likely a combination of providing critical funding and also developing Kompromat - compromising, coercing information, whether true or not. In short, he's not a free, independent agent working to strengthen democratic principles and institutions. (note that 'asset' does not mean necessarily the classic willing spy, could be merely duped or coerced) Add another Prime member who didn't know it existed! Not only that but I can't even find it going to look for it. amazon Prime page ^F "spark" returns nothing, Search on Amazon returns energy drinks and other items by that name, the android app doesn't seem to have it either. It might actually be useful if it has good search & discoverability for products, but if no one even knows about it... These 'laws' of network value address only the potential value -- each node could make n*(n-1) connections. However, the network will never actually make all of those connections. None of us will ever call anything close to everyone on the telephone network, contact everyone on FB or Twitter, etc. Yes, there is value in the larger network of addressable nodes that could potentially be connected, but it seems to me that the yield of connections made also counts. So, the value of a network should first include the available resources of the nodes connecting, such as time. A telephone network has a different value from a broadcast network. The telephone users can only physically call other people for 86400 seconds/day, etc., so the yield of connectsion made is capped. Vs a broadcast network that can simultaneously reach millions, but only one-way. Similarly, the friction in making connections needs to be considered. E.g., a telephone network with speed dial has more net available connection time than a network requiring everyone to talk to the operator and get literally patched thru. Search functions, and discover-ability also come into play. Having the White Pages where everyone was listed in the US would have made its telephone network much more valuable than a Russian network of exactly the same size where no numbers were published. Similarly, DNS adds zero new connections to the Internet, but makes it enormously more valuable. Obviously, this lacks quantative measures, but these are the sorts of factors I'd want to see in an improved algorithm. standard barrel is about 42gal, oil is about 0.9 specific gravity, or about 7.1 lbs/gallon, barrel is about 300 lbs Current price of Brent crude is $67.57, per ~300Lbs comes to ~22.5 cents per pound, or about 4.5 Lbs/USD$. So you'd have to give about 100+Lbs of crude for your pound of Uranium ore Indeed a great feature, and I just learned of it here - thx! This is an excellent way to visualize and surface relevant/interesting network activity. Good work Um, NO. Free speech is one thing. It is rightly protected. But it is not unlimited, and rightly so. Libel/Slander, yelling "FIRE" in a crowded theater, and incitement to riot are something different, and are not protected. Entities such as Google/FB, who serve as editors of what speech/writing/media gets propagated and featured, even though they do it by algorithm, and it might be inconvenient, must also be held to account for properly distinguishing between those types. Yes, both happen, and there are many examples of your scenario. The thing is, Truth is an absolute defense against libel/slander. If you're telling the truth, you have zero liability. You argue that these companies should have zero responsibility for selecting for truth. That is wrong. These corporations are in fact performing the same functions as editorial boards at newspapers, often actually overriding editorial boards in many cases (choosing to display different stories, sequences, etc.). These companies are not dumb pipes, and their value is predicated on not being dumb pipes. They select every single line they display by an extensive set of criteria. They need to take responsibility for selecting and displaying according to truth value -- editorial responsibility, since they are exercising editorial discretion. Yes, it's costly. Yes they have the money (and they'll make even more). And also note that the failure of these companies to take editorial responsibility for the editing of our society's reality is seriously undermining its democracy. A Obviously not exactly as you describe, and certainly not as it is done now. Current algorithms do exactly the opposite -- prioritize falsehoods. This is because false stories have more surprise value than truth and are more noticed and spread more wildly [1]. The algorithms that value engagement, reading, re-sending, etc. thus raise these stories to the top. So, on things like climate change, people's reputations, etc., yes, they should behave like the editorial boards that they are, and prioritize content by actual experts in the field and by actual facts. No need to delete everything fake since they can list ~unlimited results, but it should certainly be appropriately down-ranked. While Google seems to have done a little bit to improve the results for a "flat earth" search, YouTube brings to the top a bunch of videos promoting flat earth BS. Sorry, but liars, charlitans, scammers, and worse should not be given the same platform and respect as actual experts and professionals. B that would depend on the content of the letter. It happens much more frequently than you seem to expect. And editorial boards every day exercise exactly this sort of restraint, especially at the more credible outlets: "Are there multiple sources for this?", "Is this actually verifiable?", etc. In short, to quote Asimov: "There is a cult of ignorance in the United States, and there always has been. The strain of anti-intellectualism has been a constant thread winding its way through our political and cultural life, nurtured by the false notion that democracy means that "my ignorance is just as good as your knowledge." No, ignorance is not just as good as knowledge and our major institutions (even and perhaps especially commercial ones) should not promote it as such. [1] http://science.sciencemag.org/content/359/6380/1146.full > The yelling "fire" thing is a WWI era anachronism that wouldn't hold today. Really? Go try it and report on the results. Feel free to take it literally, or think of a similar action that could cause a stampede and try that. (No, I won't pay your defense, fines, or judgements, and I don't think anyone else will either. This is because the very idea that the concept no longer applies is stupid, and that statement should be abandoned.) It's not dead yet! Definitely interesting article. Notes about an author he'd read seemed prescient: >Pausewang wrote one more dystopian novel in which the Nazis had come back to power, and that in some way made explicit what these books had been about all along. Never again were young Germans to close their eyes before some change in the macroclimate. Pausewang was turning the children of the 1980s into little Geiger counters ready to register the faintest contaminants. Turns out the inoculation is well-needed as the Nazis return in the guise of the Alt-Right, across the EU and US (and promoted by Russian bot armies). Interesting, this is getting to be a distinct pattern. Even in even in otherwise innocuous comments, every mention of known activity by a certain country to undermine western democracies & alliances, is downvoted. This article explains nicely why, despite a strong bias to seek deep causes, I've always felt skeptical of formal RCA. It's the formality and constraints. The key is in the example of the '5 Whys' exercise diverging after 2-3 steps if people do it individually & separately. It is simply too confining to seek a single cause -- occasionally 'true' but rarely complete. Seems a good first improvement could be to implement independent/separate 5W analysis as an early step, then use those as a broader roadmap. Thanks for the tip -- definitely not my intent to start partisan flamewars (my actual intent is to raise awareness of these influences and tactics). Seems like that's out of context, so I'll refrain. As to the consistent downvoting for mentions of a certain country's online influence campaigns, I've got insufficient data to make a hard accusation, just a handful of starkly consistent data points and no way that I've noticed to track downvoters (is there one I don't know about?). Thanks! TFA has some excellent lists to test whether you're just building a distributed monolith or actual separate microservices. The key that was not mentioned was the interfaces. In my experience, the key is to carefully define the functions and scope of each separate component, then do a lot of up-front work building a clean interface for sending data and/or messages between the components. Once this is done, the team on Componnt A should be able to make, rollout, and/or move to different hardware, and/or add/subtract hardware at will without the team on component B even noticing. All teams should be able to keep their paws 100% out of each others' code and data structures. Then, you have independent components that can actually be immediately scaled to meet unexpected load changes by throwing HW at them, thus buying time to streamline the code. You also have a structure that you can upgrade and maintain with much greater freedom. Without the clean and stable interfaces, he's right, you have only a distributed monolith. I'd recommend starting the first version with a quick-to-build near-monolith throw-away, get some experience with the actual data flow, then decide on the actual components and interfaces. In the original article linked above to which this is a comment("TFA" = "The Fine Article"), first one about a page down The history of massive boom-bust cycles before central banks says otherwise. These cycles haven't been completely eliminated, but the cycles are much more moderated than the way they were before fiscal and monetary interventions. It seems that the best would be for a currency to automatically detect the conditions needing faster or slower creation and algorithmically adjust (as they adjust the hash rate), keeping political adjustments out of it. Exactly. That awkward thing from years back that still makes you cringe inside? Extremely long odds that no one actually remembers it, and probably wouldn't even if reminded (and if they do and are that unforgiving, they're not the sort of person that matters anyway). Relax and get on with life... Exactly, just put a pebble in your shoe, in different locations & shoes at different times, and your gait will be wildly different... True. He'd just better be very careful to have an explanation when he starts cashing in the 'lost' funds... or titrate them very slowly into his lifestyle. Tax Evasion is often caught not only by transactions, but by inexplicably high lifestyle. interesting... Key: "EverCam records video to local storage,...For Free. Just insert the included microSD card* and you’re all set. Alternatively, by subscribing to our cloud storage plan, you can expand your security options to include simultaneous recording to the cloud. " They get it right. cloud is a nice option, not a required part of the package for the thing to run. Nice Even blowing out only one side of a tall tower, would not cause it to fall like timber. Instead, one of two things will happen. If there is low lateral strength (unlikely), the east side of the floors above will shear and collapse off, straight down into a pile on the east side. If there's good lateral strength, The forces formerly supported by the now blown east structures will largely fall on the adjacent structures around the building, overloading them, causing failure, and rapidly continuing around the supports in a zipper-failure, whereupon the above structures now unsupported again fall straight down with gravity's vector. Either way there's probably a bigger pile on the east side, but it's not like the top floor of a 1000' building will land 1000' laterally from the base. 100' would be a long way (tho there's be lots of flying debris for a good distance). WHAT?!? Getting the right team is one of, if not THE key to startup success. Yet you consider it not worth a senior engineer's time to evaluate the candidates for the next hire, and the presumably with whom they will need to work - productively? Check your org's runway and be sure to have your resume ready when it gets close to the end. I wouldn't expect take-off. Spot-on. also omitted from Greenspun's article was the fact that the plane first listed more than 40 degrees and had to be recovered from that attitude. But this completely contradicted his narrative that the autopilot just takes care of that sort of "mis-rigging". Yes, the pilots practice for it, yes they are experienced, and yes they have help on a large plane. But a successful outcome is not a foregone conclusion, and a hundred things could go wrong that would end it in disaster. Acting like it is no big deal is a really bad take, and the pilot and crew deserve every accolade for getting it right. Yes, I suppose 'screen' is a bit ambiguous. Doesn't seem like a pool of a dozen is the first step. I'd want the Sr Devs involved at least out past the final half-dozen if not dozen -- not for 4 hours each, but at least a chat about what they've done, problem-solving approaches, etc. I wish you luck Yes hyumans make mistakes. And those mistakes have, and should have consequences. When the likely result is to get someone killed, there should be serious consequences for the people, regardless of whether it was 'people' or 'process' that you put at the top of the fault chain. That is the way it works in the real world. Small bits of inattention can lead to death. We don't say that 'it was just a small thing' when someone is texting while driving and crashes and injures/kills people, even tho it was just a a few seconds lapse of attention. This source, and/or his family back home are now likely on a NK hit list. The employer has now had it's credibility for confidentiality destroyed for a decade. This lapse should have consequences. (And if you don't like the potential consequences, either make sure you play the game right, or don't play the game.) So, if I make a mistake that puts you and your family on a hit list of a murderous dictatorship, you'd be cool with it? Absence of malice is nice, but what should be considered more highly is the absence of care. Remember, this error probably will get people killed. A rapid & public sacking may not reverse the error, but will have at least some preventative effect -- some people learn from the mistakes of others. Of course this should not be the only step, and they should also add processes & procedures to help make it more difficult for this error to get through again (default to no names for sources?, second set of eyes asking for every source?) Indeed, I'd actually expect exotics of all cars to have 4-wheel speed sensors for traction control, launch control, etc. I'd expect to use this 4-wheel sensor data along with the multi-axis acceleration data to calibrate the GPS, not the other way around. > isn't truly a debate over facts, but rather a debate over trust Spot-on. This is severely exacerbated players like Google & Facebook, whose algorithms favor "engagement" and "virality", with zero regard for truth. It/s been shown [1] that falsehoods sperad faster, in part because they contain more 'surprise value'. The result is that these info vendors effectively create an editorial environment favoring falsehoods. Google has done a bit to clean it up on their search engine, e.g., the Flat Earth search generally points to debunking entries, but the same company's YouTube site contains a bunch of fakes in the top 10 results on the same search. It is no exaggeration at this point to say that these tech giants are significantly undermining our society by failing to exercise responsibility over their implicit/explicit/algorithmic editorial decisions. [1] http://mitsloan.mit.edu/newsroom/articles/study-false-news-s... Agree they "Vultures" were the suckers in this case. Although I was initially inclined to agree with the tone of the article, just the numbers in the article itself disproved it's main thesis. Near the end: > "Bain, KKR, and Vornado will have to write off their investment, of course. But they did suck around $200 million in fees out of Toys 'R' Us over the course of their ownership." Near the beginning: >"The trio put up $6.6 billion to pay off Toys 'R' Us' shareholders. But it was a leveraged buyout: Only 20 percent came out out of the buyers' pockets." Net, using these numbers, is that the buyers put in $1320 million and took out $200 million, a net loss of $1.12 billion dollars. This doesn't mention the $5Billion lost by the other investors (minus whatever interim payments were made). The board and shareholders did well to get out when they did, and I'd hypothesize that the employees, while still losing jobs, had the jobs with the buyout for years longer than they otherwise would have. >"doesn't go into much detail" -- the article specifically stated that they totaled $200m in fees. The author was specifically trying to find and account for those fees. If there were more, the author would have included it as more fees supported his point better. So, you are claiming that the author somehow didn't find over a billion dollars in fees for them to break even over 15 years? If so, he's a pretty incompetent journalist. And, even if there are a billion in 'hidden' fees, they still lost money. For them to have made even a modest 5% interest for 15 years, which is a very modest/baseline profit goal for finance pros, you'd need to find almost $2billion in missing fees. So, where's the money? 'The best security is insecurity.' -- a concept that became apparent to me early on, and has served me well. To realize that whatever security there once was on corporate jobs is at best a vanishing illusion. To realize that the way forward isn't to build on a rock that will likely be flooded at some point, but to realize that you must surf. While that doesn't mean that it'll all be great, it does prepare you for when the wave does crash down on you and pummel you into the sandy bottom -- you get back in the mix a lot faster and more capably than those who bought into the expectation of stability. Also can lead to a much more interesting career, even if not as consistently lucrative. From what I've read, gold and other PM generally perform inversely to real interest rates (vs nominal FED rates). This somewhat makes sense, as gold has a carrying cost (storage, security, etc.) and earns no interest, whereas when real interest rates are high, the money will produce better yield in bonds and similar investments. In a situation of runaway inflation, nominal interest rates are insane also (I've seen double-digit percentages per month in one hyperinflation event in a country I visited), but the real inflation is likely even faster, making real interest negative. ...Aaand, that's why we run the tests! Better to fix it in a component/unit test than to lose the entire project A successful test, identifying an flawed component design. true, thx (definitely a flawed writing component there) Very cool ending I was just about to start typing about potential legal action -- the thief basically admitted the theft (despite HR stating" there's no evidence of theft"...) Totally agree with the other poster that lunch theft should be a firing offense, as, if they're not honest about that, they're not honest. the money quote was this: "We rely on national retailers and their high debt / low equity business models for almost everything we buy. This should create a sense of urgency for us and an obsession with becoming more resilient." We need the biz owners to have skin in the game, and benefit from growth, not from strip-mining the wealth from an over-financialized model. yup, time-shifted documentary. but the value of t in the film is erroneous, and the actual value is unknown. This is just one silly tautology. TFA simply redefines everything such that the root cause must always be some kind of random allocation of resources/capabilities, or "luck". Then essentially concludes that there is effectively no free will. Sophistry. With zero useful explanatory value or application in the real world. I want my 2min back Excellent point -- the outliers will always raise false-positive flags. Now, if you could get access to the data yourself and (also) use it as a biofeedback self-training device, it could be very effective at helping us produce better/more frequent calm and focused states even in stressful situations. Could actually go pretty well, especially if picked up as a class action by a law firm expert in that area. It is exactly the kind of systemic unfairness that the class actions are designed to handle -- too small individually to typically prosecute, but enormous in aggregate. That said, legislation constraining class actions and terms requiring arbitration, etc. are setup as obstacles, and could be effective roadblocks. However since this was a deal before the contract with the fine print demanding arbitration, it might work (std IANAL caveat) This is a good little interesting video on fluorine here (previously linked by someone else), and the ending is the best description of tin fluoride for teeth I've ever seen -- well worth the ~6min https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vtWp45Eewtw&feature=youtu.be (edit: added link) exactly -- that and write down those horrible and stupid passwords on sticky-notes and attach them to their monitor bezel or keyboard. Exactly!! I have a scheme like this but more convoluted, low/medium/high consequence sites, different random 'main chunks' that I can remember, and a quasi-methodical per-site head/mid/tail chunk that is related to each site. Never found any of even the main chunks in the PW lists, but I'm sometimes forced into stupid PWs by stupid rules as in above comments. Not allowing accumulations to grow is fine, except when they are needed. If they exist, need to also implement strong security compartmentalization, logging, oversight, etc. to prevent. And, the stick needs to be bigger too, not only firing from one job, but blacklisting from others, and prosecution. You do that, you're not only done, you're out of a career, and will be lucky to not find yourself in jail. (I'm no usually that punitive, but that level of casual abuse...) Absolutely -- increase the scope and also go after the managers and execs who design & implement badly secured systems -- you'll get no objection from me. Yes, there are a number of solutions that allow you to shoot out a net (not just in the movies) -- here's one: https://www.budk.com/ProductDetail.aspx?itemno=56%20BU4303 3-Pack is $19 "Using 12 gauge rounds as the delivery system, the shells separate into tethered pieces after firing them. As these parts separate and extend outward, a web is created that is 5' in diameter. When the SKYNET round reaches the drone, the tethers and round pieces wrap around the drone, interfering with the propellers and forcing the drone to the ground. If the SKYNET round misses the target, it is designed to parachute safely to the ground to reduce any unwanted damage or injury. There are three in the pack." (edit, parenthetical for clarity) From TFA: "To one frequent DTC investor I spoke with, though, any young DTC company's moving into retail early in its lifecycle is a red flag that it might be overspending on online marketing. 'Because if it's working online, why all the retail stores? Why not stay online and scale over time? I could see one or two stores as PR plays, but why take on all the overhead, the cost of the build-out?'" The answer? Customers have a severe lack of imagination. I've found this in several different fields, even among smart customers (except those whose expertise is in the area of what you're selling) -- you really have to show and let them see and feel what they're going to get. Once they've seen it, they'll go online for a better price, but using permanent locations, popup stores, or other IRL interactions could be key for many of these DTC startups. Came to say exactly that It was so good I thought I'd make an exception and do both Most downvotes I've ever gotten on any comment, iirc. Thank you for the explanation, tho. It's sure be nicer here if people would do that instead of just drive-by downvoting someone for being a bit over-enthusiastic In many states back east (at leas Massachusetts and New Hampshire), you can choose who is your energy supplier, as the distributor and provider are separate items on the bill. There are several "green energy" suppliers vying for your business. This is great but has the unfortunate side-effect of some energy suppliers telemarketing to try to get you to switch to their "lower rates", which inevitably increase again after a few months. So check the system in your state, you may be pleasantly surprised. This is also an excellent idea for system security and civil defense. Having every home at capable of maintaining at least basic energy requirements to keep water pumps, some lights, refrigeration and comms would change a full-scale grid outage (e.g., from a Carrington event or deliberate attack) from a major disaster to a mere (major) inconvenience. I agree that I'm all against anyone even getting near the wheel after drinking, and the police should have every good tool at their disposal to prevent it. > "By the time an officer asks you to submit to a BAC test, they've already observed enough behavior to make them believe that you may be a danger to others." Not true at all. I know of numerous instances where people were required to blow into the breathalyzer with no prior observations related to substance impairment, or even a field sobriety test. I personally had an instance where I was stopped for 'suspicion of speeding' where the officer got no high reading but thought I was going fast (possible; I'd seen an odd reflection off to the side of the road and braked a bit), I had been driving for hours and had consumed zero drinks for days, but he told me to sit in his cruiser and do the test. Seemed disappointed. So a bad testing device could be a serious issue. Great story, and he's absolutely right about having the developers talk directly to the end users. The systems built with customers where we talked to the end users both worked well and were well-accepted. Other systems, where the managers insisted that we talk to a specified manager who would 'gather and transmit' the end-user requirements typically ended up being the endless projects that never quite worked. Yes, sort of endless billables too, but much less satisfying to both build and use. If I were still developing software, I'd be at the point of insisting on direct end-user participation as a condition of doing the work, and primarily for the customer's sake. The fees for a bank account are a good point. Yet, holding cash will similarly erode your value due to inflation, which is a designed-in feature of fiat currency and central banking. Also, fees generally go away with sizeable accounts and interest can be earned. Anonymity, however, is gone for sure with Know Your Customer laws at about 50sec into the video they appear to be doing exactly such a test in a large vacuum chamber Nice thought, but not in my book! Once you need to work with real precision, the US system is even more awful. From an exactly 12" wide board, you cannot get three 4" pieces, since the saw kerf width is nonzero. It gets worse when you work with "standard" dimensions. A common 2x4 is actually only about 1.5" x 3.5" (and I don't think even the big sawmill blades take that big a kerf), and similar discrepancies all over. And converting drill bit sizes? Don't even start; it's either tables or a calculator. Whenever I get metric projects it's always such a pleasure. I wish we'd get our act together and switch... >There just shouldn't exist problems that relatively untrained eyes can spot and fix in short order. Where is your history that you find these uncommon? I can't think of a place I've been where there one isn't surrounded by opportunities to improve (although I've definitely been in large organizations where they just become part of the everyday cruft that never gets addressed). I'd of course expect more in an organization like Tesla that is massively scaling at the fastest possible rate. So yes, it's an example of a problem they've got probably 1000s of, but also a great example that the fixes were online so fast... Good point - it's not so much that the issues of accounting for the kerf go away, they're just easier to deal with in decimal. I usually am using materials like structural foam, carbon fiber, or metals, just used wood as an easy example. And I'm using higher precision than most carpenters, so typically measuring with a micrometer which reads out in 0.001in (or 0.01mm) units. You can't just go from 1x12in to 3x4in pieces, you have to knock off maybe 5/64in for a kerf, which is 0.078125in so to get 3x 4in wide pieces, I'll need a board which is 12+5/32... Lots easier to work with 1.984mm so for my 3x 10cm pieces I'll need a 304 mm wide board. The bottom line is that once you get precise, the fractional regime which is indeed often easier to divide out by 1/2, 1/3, 1/4, 1/5, 1/6... etc. turns out to be no use at all because you can never actually use those nice fractions, and you're in a decimal regime with lots of fractional conversions (some micrometers even have a fractional inch readout mode, but it turns out to be not all that useful.) Once you're in decimal, it's WAAAAY easier to be in metric all the way. Same here, as all above. Yet here we are on HN on Thursday morning... Missing the entire point of the interview. Some of the older media/technology has qualities that the current tech lacks, and that makes a difference in artistic expression. It's not just 'more is better'. Even B&W is sometimes, objectively, a far better medium than color. My understanding is that the Japanese conglomerates are different from US conglomerates. The US ones are largely siloed collections of companies across a spectrum of industries. The Japanese ones are strongly vertically integrated. I was told when I was sponsored by Yamaha for international ski racing competition and at one of their testing camps: 'we mine the ore, make the metal, make the machines that make the tools, make the tools, and then use the tools to make the products'. It's about both controlling the quality all the way up and down the value chain, and also capturing the value-add all the way up the chain (not sure how much of each). I was quite impressed by their quality and technology, which was the prime reason I went with them. At the time, they were one of only two companies worldwide that could make a pair of skiis that was actually indistinguishable left/right to racers at our level (the other was Fischer which dominated the Swiss, Austrian teams and we wouldn't get their best race stock), and Yamaha had amazing ability to tune the performance properties. I'm quite sure that they could do it because of their strong vertical engineering and QA integration. (Always seemed like a superior model to me, but I'm not a big biz guy, so what do I know?) Edit: typos,clarity DNA contamination is already turning out to be very widespread, we shed it everywhere, it lasts, and can get on victims' clothing, fingernails, etc.. Also contamination in labs. Read recently about a case with apparently solid DNA evidence under victim's fingernails, supposed perp no real memory, but it turns out the police had him in custody at the time of the crime. He'd eaten in the same restaurant days earlier. I can't find the article quickly, but it was recent. Some others: https://newrepublic.com/article/123177/how-dna-evidence-incr... https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2016/06/a-reaso... http://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.... Same, FIS Alpine racing. Mostly Downhill for me, but raced all events. Mostly on the Europa Cup and NorAm circuits and a bit at WC level. I'm not sure if Yamaha is still active in racing, but they had some really amazing skis, and they tried out a lot of interesting ideas. One of my favorites was a triple-core construction where two of the cores were a high-energy elastomer pre-stretched in the mold to ~5x their original length. The idea of this pre-load was to have a moderately soft flex but return a lot of energy as the ski un-bent as you exited the turn -- and it worked like crazy -- the best pair of GS skiis I ever had! I also had a pair of 220s to try for DH; they were not fast probably because they had too much energy and vibration on the straights, but they were an absolute blast for hi-speed free-skiing -- just crazy spring out of the turns -- I was sad to have to turn them back in since they weren't going in my race bag. Fun times... And this is where "software" diverges from "engineering". Bugs happen in architecture, aircraft, etc. too. the difference is that the actual engineers are paid to have a precautionary approach and spend significant resources to actively prevent bugs from making it into the final product. In contrast, software is often written to "ship first", be "agile", and "move fast and break things". Yet when it causes problems, they just say "bugs happen", and "it is unfair to vilify them". Features are not better than reliable security. And yes, negligence is less bad than malice, but it is still damaging and developers and managers need to be held to account. If your manager is pressing you to do unsafe crap in too big a hurry, it's your responsibility to push back, and if unsuccessful, leave for saner pastures and make it more difficult for that management to proceed. And this is where "software" diverges from "engineering". It's not a conspiracy, it's negligence. Bugs happen in architecture, aircraft, etc. too. the difference is that the actual engineers are paid to have a precautionary approach -- and spend significant resources -- to actively prevent bugs from making it into the final product. Amazon and your team has built a great product (I have one and make moderate use of it, have even considered building some skills). But, you have planted a full-on bugging device in millions of people's homes. Done by a government, this would be cause for war or revolution. This is serious, and you need to treat it much more seriously than you obviously are. Every 'skill' does not require the same minimal levels of security and verification, some, like this one, require much more, or should be forbidden outright until such security can be properly implemented (and yes, this should probably include calls only to pre-configured whitelists, intent confirmation, etc. and to any manager that says "that's too inconvenient to the user", the response is "screw you, it's critical"). You call yourself an "engineer" at least twice, and claim that you take privacy "extremely seriously". The evidence from this incident and others noted in this thread indicates otherwise. Clearly, insufficient resources were allocated to figuring out the potential failure modes of a "call skill", and preventing them. All due respect, but your team needs more of an engineering approach than you have. This entire "it's gotta ship yesterday" mentality in the software industry used to be just inconvenient. Now it's getting dangerous. Please help stop it. I did not say >"security is always the most important thing". I did not suggest that anyone should develop such that >" the thing you are creating has no features". I certainly never suggested that no one get out of bed because they might slip in the bath. These are strawman arguments. You do not need to lecture me about risk. I've had a career in international downhill ski racing, have won auto racing championships, and enjoyed lots of technical rock climbing, all of which require a high degree of risk assessment, both in extended preparation phases and at split-second time scales. I've also run risk analysis for UAV flight systems I understand well the difference between smart-crazy and dumb-crazy, and where the pseudo-mathematical risk models like yours break down. Your 'analysis' to "...measure risk by factoring the chance..." would have fit right in at the meetings where Ford decided to just go ahead with the design of the Pinto/Bobcat because the lawsuits would cost less than the fix -- they wound up killing dozens of people. Your 'analysis' would have fit right in where the trading algorithms were being designed, which worked fantastically profitably, until they didn't and ended up crashing the global economy in 2007-8. You cannot simply multiply the cost of the consequences by the expected probability and get an allocation of resources. That is what you do to see if the lottery jackpot is big enough for you to want to buy a $2 ticket this week. You must instead 1) fully examine the system for potential critical failure points/modes and then 2) allocate WHATEVER resources are necessary to account for preventing those critical failures, then implement those remedies along with the features. These preventative measures may involve installing redundant systems around the critical points, redesigning the points so they fail in a safe mode (e.g., fail to send the data vs sending it off, shut down vs, explode, etc.), adding check procedures around the potential critical failure, etc. Note that NONE of these measures involve not implementing the feature. They involve 1) checking for critical failure modes, 2) allocating R&D to develop preventative & fail-safe measures, 3) implementing the measures, 4) testing, and 5) field monitoring. This is what you do if you are serious about risk. So your model isn't even mathematical, it's what, just a SWAG of the combined hazards and odds? That works for linear, small risks. It absolutely does NOT work for serious risks, e.g., of death, serious injury, massive privacy violation, and other potential life-changing events. The concept you are clearly avoiding or missing non-linear risk. You (and amzn_engineer1) are advocating for simply subsuming risk assessment into the ordinary development cycle, and calling it "taking it seriously". That is fooling yourself. Taking it seriously is actually making full and serious effort OUT OF THE NORMAL DEVELOPMENT CYCLE for no other purpose than to SEEK and identify potential critical risks. It is then engineering a variety of in-depth solutions to prevent those critical failure points from ever seeing the light of day. And implementing them. and testing them. And monitoring them. >> I don't think it is an a priori fact that accidentally sending a recording of a conversation to a contact is a 'critical risk'. This is an exact example of this sort of failure: 'it's not a priori bad'..., minimize it and streamline it into dev. I really want to know in what world any sane person would say that it's OK to randomly divulging an intimate conversation to a contact or random recipient -- seriously, who would say that? I mean sure, most conversations are benign, but some could be utterly life-changing if revealed. and that's OK with you? Absolutely! But note the blameless analysis is NOT the same as saying "meh" errors happen. It is a culture and deliberate practice of allocating resources to seeking and classifying risks, and designing, implementing, and testing engineering and procedural mitigation strategies (vs. development as usual). First, the Tech/Dev managers need to stand up. Instead of saying 'Yes' to every feature request, they need to say 'No', or 'Later'. I've seen too many who just feel that their job is to implement everything as fast as possible, and as close to approximating the sales/mktg/product guy's latest half-baked idea as fast as possible. This is not easy, especially as the CEO is still typically above the CTO, and can overrule. I had it happen to me, when we were ahead on a scalable version of the product, but they didn't like the timeline. The mgt decision cost almost a year of messed-up myopic development schedule just to roll out apparent features sooner, but ignored the likelihood and eventuality of bugs. Afterwards, when we got back to the scalable highly modular version, we started taking biz from competitors who couldn't scale. I'd say that my mistake was to only give the broader consequences, and not spend time to be able to enumerate in detail the consequences of non-scalable quick program would be. Of course you cannot predict exactly what bugs will happen, but I could probably have done a better job of drawing the scenarios (not sure it would have made a difference, but it might have). I'd also say that we need to create specific structures and plans to study and quantify risks, as is done in real engineering like aerospace, architecture, etc. Classify those risks into a range of categories, from small bugs to existential for your customers or project. Different steps need to be taken for each class, and significant part of the planning needs to go into de-risking the project. I'm in physical vs software development now of carbon fiber type technologies, and I notice that my military customer who are building very cutting-edge stuff often talk of 'de-risking' the project, whereas I don't hear this much from other customers. Seems like an important distinction to take on board. --- From a user perspective, I noticed after looking at the issue on our own Echo yesterday: the UI is a totally greased slide to hide choice for the user and slide them right into giving permissions for contact list. It seems that effort was made to hide the actual features and functions that will result from giving permission, and obscure the 'Skip' option. So it would be easy to not even notice that your device had these new possibilities. Obviously, I'd recommend taking more time to sell the features and let us make an informed choice. Then even if things go wrong, you'll enjoy some benefit of the doubt in the market and press. (edit: add parenthetical) Glad to hear it's helpful, thx. I know amazon's got a different motivation matrix than a startup; e.g., Amazon won't die if some feature isn't delivered by the next trade show, but they do have competition from the other majors. That said, amazon certainly also has the funds available to invest in a parallel risk team. If they're not motivated to do it from the risk to their users, the best argument might be the potential reputation setbacks if stuff like this gets out there & causes problems, bad press, reputation for creepiness, etc. I know it always seems inevitable that you'll weather the reputation hits from errors and just press on to greater usage/adoption/sales, but it will always seem that way from the inside -- until it doesn't. Google's experience with Glass comes to mind; could have been a fantastic product, but it went just under the tipping point of being creepy, and poof , they're gone. It'll be a generation before anything similar comes back. I'd hate to see that happen to Echo/Alexa. TBH, it looks like this product has both greater potential, and also greater creepiness potential than Glass ever did. And we're back to the question at least as old as ancient Rome: Quis custodiet ipsos custodes? ("Who will guard the guards themselves?") The very structure of large accountancy needs to be overturned, as today, the primary incentive for the big 4 is to preserve their client relationships -- that is the side on which their bread is buttered. This means applying their stamp of credibility, not finding and highlighting troubles, especially fundamental/systemic/existential troubles... And when the problems have systemic implications, and are the result of policies/actions from those at the top, with whom the accountants are golfing? This was the point of the article -- accountancy was supposed to provide a guard function -- checks and balances. Now, it is merely a compromised credentialing service. No, they are not a necessary consequence of compulsory taxation. There is no necessity to create any exotic tax reduction scheme. They are created by over-financialized MBAs trying to evade their company's obligations to society. If you have a real plan for to effectively run a complex society without compulsory taxation to implement necessary collective goods (roads, policing, schools, defense, etc., etc, etc), I'm all ears, and I'm sure so are many others. Until then, your comment is purely specious. Totally agree that politicians like to over-complicate and obfuscate tax code and other things, and that tax code is an insanely complex mess. Certainly should be fixed. Yet, it does not follow that similarly elaborate non-payment near-scams (& felonious schemes) are a necessary feature. An overly complex tax code is a necessary prerequisite, but not a sufficient condition. for that, you also need scheming MBAs & accountants. "Many people"... OK. Sure the "Austrian economics" crowd is out there. Yes, they have a point about avoiding hyperinflation, but also often oversimplify. In what country has a modern complex society been actually run without actual coersive tax? In what society have complex and costly ventures like an entire modern education, defense road system been done with it? Any real, hard examples? Abstract ideology is lovely, but is not a practical govt that manages to build the basis for an advanced and advancing society I work in an industry that is in EXACTLY that situation -- Carbon Fiber Composites (I've also read Atlas Shrugged). Ayn Rand's description sounded great when I was a teenager. Living it for real, I know it is utter bullshit. Carbon Fiber Composites are far stronger, stiffer, and lighter than any steel, and less expensive in small volumes. It's more expensive in large volumes, but R&D is mitigating that. Yes, managers and even engineers have a bias against it because it is new and untested, takes more work to include in designs. Yet, it is being steadily adopted. --------------- In terms of govt, sure, a small govt with voluntary contributions sounds great. Until you realize (which you haven't) that this is setting up EXACTLY the commons problem: it is in everyone's interest too support the government, but in every individual's interest to freeload or over-use and under-pay. Eventually even the goodest of the do-gooders will be sick & tired of being mooched off of, and you're back to anarchy. If you doubt this, go look at the population of any commercially viable fish; ask how they're doing. The fact of the matter is that if you ACTUALLY think through any of these ideas, they are hollow. That is the reason they have never been implemented. The same argument still applies. It is NOT impossible for people to make progress. It just takes more than a set of half-baked ideas. The ideas must be fully thought through to their consequences, with second- and third-order consequences, adjusted so that they will actually work with real human nature factored in, tested, adjusted, then rolled out. In this sense, although I am strongly attracted to Libertarianism and often use it as my default starting point, I recognize that it is like Communism in that it is completely impractical and won't happen in a real world (actually, communism has a better chance with modern tech solcing central planning, blockchain micropayments, smart contracts allocating resources, LOL, bs...). Vermont is a wonderful natural bucolic place to live. Unfortunately, I discovered the hard way that the problem they are trying to solve is likely far more intractable than that program. I co-founded a software/networking biz in VT some years ago. We really thought it was great, loved the lifestyle -- e.g., literally step out the door at lunch for a run or mtn bike in the woods, or walking meetings in the fields or woods -- just awesome! We thought it'd be easy to convince others to come up and grow with us. Wrong. Ultimately had to move to north of Boston, then grew & sold. I really wish more people would 'get it', but it just didn't work that way. Seeing that socialization seems paradoxically more city-oriented now despite far better connectivity tech, I'm even less optimistic now about it. I really hope I'm wrong and they can kickstart a tech-in-the-woods common lifestyle... and at least with this program, a few dozen people will enjoy some great years there! This'll work great until someone has an event that changes their gait -- sprained ankle, different shoes, stone or wrinkled sock in one shoe, carrying luggage asymmetrically, etc., etc., etc.. They even mention this sort of problem near the end of the article, where they mention it would be a good way to pickup cognitive or physical decline. This controlled use would be a much better use of the technology, but grab fewer headlines. Similarly, in the US, there's a structure called a "Private Letter Ruling", where an accountant/attny can request a private ruling about the tax treatment for a transaction/structure/etc.. IIRC it costs about $25K, and if they say it is compliant, you can go with it. Since there is clearly an interface to obtain the data, used at least by third-party vendor 'Crash Data Group', it seems it'd be possible to develop an external logger to plug in while driving. Such data loggers are commonly used in racecars, using either their own sensors, or in stock versions, also tied into the OBDII ports. It looks at everyghing from driver inputs, to engine performance, 6-axis G loads, etc. Seems it'd be pretty nice to get the data anyway to help manage your own driving (or check the habits of someone borrowing your car, like your kid), and in case of an incident, your own log of the events so you don't have to pester/subpoena Tesla. I'm not an apply fan by any means, but when they were already working on it internally, while he was publicly trashing the idea -- yes. Steve would have been trying very hard to avoid the 'Osborne Effect', which was very well known to everyone in the early industry. Osborne portable/luggable computers had a very strong market share and growing, based on the CP/M operating system. They announced that they would be coming out with a DOS-compatible machine, far too early as it turned out. Everyone decided to wait for the introduction of the DOS machine, sales and revenue went to effectively zero, and the company died before it ever introduced the new machine. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Osborne_Computer_Corporation http://www.businessinsider.com/the-amazing-rise-and-fall-of-... Phoenix could easily be 100x easier than a snowy winter environment. It is one thing to have broad streets, well marked, with multiple levels of marking, e.g., stripes, plus curbs, plus medians/sidewalks, plus trees/shrubbery. All of these well-designed and well-built modern road features cooperate to make a consistently recognizable environment. And the lack of serious weather is a big deal too. Contrast that to a city like Detroit or Boston, where the streets are anything from modern to ancient, literally paved over the cow-paths, constantly changing with construction, lucky if the lane markings are still visible, pedestrians in all kinds of odd situations (legal and illegal) -- orders of magnitude more difficult to sort the environment. Now add snow in quantities enough to make it often difficult as an experienced human driver to figure out where you are in the lanes, and then snowbanks in odd places after it is cleared'. Sure, it's still 4 wheels, power plant, steering wheel, roads, but two quite different games. Going for a walk in Central Park at lunch and hiking up Denali in Alaska are also ostensibly similar activities, but in actual reality, are very different games. Perhaps unwittingly the earliest request for the "DWIM" command in a computing environment... DWIM== Because capacity needs are not infinite. If the units/hour capacity can be met with a smaller tunnel running fast little pods on a single track, then boring out a larger tunnel that could fit perhaps three tracks would be redundant. And that assumes that the pods could run on adjacent open tracks like railcars, whereas the intended design may require a smaller tunnel bore that is close to the size of each pod. perhaps for a single non-violent offenses. But for theft by deception practiced at scale? Absolutely should be jailed for a significant amount of time. I'd argue for significant amount of jail time simply for the waste and violations of law involved in needlessly ringing so many phones and violating Do Not Call laws. these people create a real cost for society, and the penalty needs to be bigger than "oh, just give back some of your criminal gains". If you think that caging someone is inappropriate or doesn't work, you can go for lashing, or something else. What would you actually suggest as a deterrent? Yes, people are not strictly rational, and I generally consider a lottery an innumeracy tax. The ideal deterrence, based on psychological studies, is small penalties reliably and immediately handed out, but the only way to implement that is a massive surveillance society and penalties without the delay of trials. This could work with speeding, instead of being an infraction, would just be taxed, maybe $0.01 per [mph over the limit] per mile. So I could go 100mph in a 65 zone for $0.35, but it'll add up real fast, and cruising at 79 in a 65 for your 20 mile commute would cost .14 20 2=$5.60/day or $1400 per year. Actually higher penalties than now, since most people wouldn't get caught even once per year, and a 79mph ticket might be $200 in comparison. So it'd provide a solid deterrence. Yet, prison does still serve purposes. First, while people rarely calculate the exact rates of [getting caught] and [getting convicted] and then calculating the odds vs the payoff, the general concept of wanting to avoid the criminal justice system is enough that many people act to avoid it. So, it's a general. nonspecific deterrence, and it needs people getting imprisoned to maintain that. Perhaps more importantly, it does a very specific type of deterrence. For the sample of people who have been convicted of a crime, it ensures that they won't be out and available to do it again while imprisoned, and will have paid disproportionately for their previous venture. So, this select group who have already demonstrated probability =1 for this crime, will be strongly deterred. for that reason alone, I'd vote for keeping this perp off the streets for half a decade. edit: error, clarity Indeed! Assuming that your centripital accel. numbers are right, I wonder why not even just use linear accel. Assuming that you want to exit the tube/system at 5000mph, you could keep acceleration to 9g (tolerable for a human)with less than a 9 mile long acclerator and 18 seconds. If you were ok with 40g, you're down under 4miles and 6 seconds. (I'm not estimating the deceleration Gs from suddenly hitting MaxQ on exiting into the lower atmosphere. So perhaps that shock puts us up into a high G situation anyway, so might as well go for the smaller real-estate circular acceleration option?) edit: "tolerable for a human" might better read "survivable for trained humans" The patients are indeed potentially hurt more than anybody in this fraud, and it makes it much more egregious than the more ordinary silicon-valley fraud (& I've been angry about since before it was popular to hate on Theranos). However, in ending with "the venture capitalists are just fine", the article also completely misses another class of people who are also hurt by these types of fraud -- all the other more worthy honest startups that went unfunded or under-funded when Theranos sucked $700 million out of the investment ecosystem. All of the other bogus companies mentioned ( Hampton Creek; Zenefits; Lending Club; Skully; ScoreBig; Rothenberg Ventures; Faraday Future; Hyperloop One...), and many others not only suck the life out of the system, they destroy the ability of other honest startups to make it. The VCs legitimately risk failure; it's the nature of VC. But they aren't supposed to be risking fraud, which is perhaps why they don't catch it as much as they should in Due Diligence. Seems they need to do better Due Diligence, checking not only whether everything matches their expectations, but also whether it actually is what it is represented to be. True, some aspect of the fraud is likely priced in by investors at the individual investment level. But, do they price in the damage to the overall startup ecosystem, which makes a more difficult landscape for everyone to succeed, them included? E.g., an overall broader perception of fraud, smoke, and mirrors will make it harder for them to raise their next funds, and general skepticism of the startup environment, reduces the liklihood of success of all the ventures. This environment is either a virtuous circle that'll lift all boats (to mix metaphors), or the opposite... > Hard to distinguish between fraud, delusion, and currently impossible that will get done. I agree that it's hard for the VCs to distinguish. I've also seen plenty of situations where the VCs out of their technical depth and make preventable bad calls in both directions (investing in bad tech and passing on very feasible tech). I'm just saying that it would be good for the VCs and the entire ecosystem for them to put more resources into much better vetting of technology. > This environment is either a virtuous circle that'll lift all boats (to mix metaphors), or the opposite I'm not saying that it's an absolute with all vectors pointing in the same direction. Even strongly positive or negative environments will contain outliers, counter-trend examples, etc. Even on the massive crashing days on the stock exchange, there are always a few stocks that make good gains. What I'm pointing to (perhaps badly) is the feedback loops between on one side, predominantly sound investment, growing startups bringing good new tech to market, and solid returns, and on the other side, delusional investment, scarcity of good new tech, and poor returns. The former will bring in more startup founders and investors, and the latter will become a dying ecosystem. A major problem with our industry is that in addition to the visionaries, dreamers, and hard workers, there is a lot of money which is also a magnet for scammers and a variety of toxic personalities. The better we sort the latter from the former, the better off we will all be. Because you typically do not have a fleet of cars, one for each purpose. It'd be really nice to have a golf-cart-ish car, a little SmartCar, a proper sportscar, an SUV, and a big pickup truck, and use the appropriate one in each situation. But, even people that can afford the spare cash for that kind of stable of cars rarely do it -- it's just too inconvenient, too much maintenance (or too big a garage to keep them all in to minimize maintenance), depreciation, insurance, etc. and nevermind the constraints of city or near-city living where space is at a premium. So, people just get the closest thing that fits most of their use-cases, and that's most often SUVs and crossovers. I'm and example; while I'd be happiest in a small sportscar and it'd work for 85+% of my trips (and save fuel money), my occasional and unpredictable need to carry big packages for work keeps me using an SUV for my daily driver. Even if I wanted the extra expenses, I have winters and no spare garage. So... Yup, there could be a balanced middle ground, not sure how big. How to get the VCs to do better tech vetting? Definitely an issue. I would have thought that the downside of losing would be sufficient motivation to invest in really solid tech vetting, but it seems like they treat it more of a cost center. Perhaps seeing $700 million go "poof" in this instance will provide some motivation in the future? Definitely not holding my breath for change, that's for sure! Interesting points about the difficulties of in-house staff. Although my first instinct would be to expand it, you're right about ti getting stale, and also that structure was one I've seen make mistakes (maybe because they were stale). Tough nut to crack indeed.. Key item: "They were able to integrate mass killing and other horrible deeds into their perception of normality. They had been able to make these actions part of their normative orientation, their values, and what they identified as acceptable in interpersonal interactions." As noted by a holocaust survivor's daughter: "'Never Again' is now". The current administration & the Russian teams working to undermine the West are not so much hacking technology, as they are hacking our sense of truth and normalcy. Fake news, conspiracy theories, and outrageous actions are all part of the hacking. "The checklists provided two main benefits, Pronovost observed. First, they helped with memory recall, especially with mundane matters that are easily overlooked in patients undergoing more drastic events. . . ." Indeed, benefits of checklists can be huge. this reminds me of a US Army study I read about some time ago which examined the effects of sleep deprivation and stress in demanding environments. What they found was that, in general, the high-level strategic capabilities stayed intact -- the people could still analyze complex situations, make and execute battle plans, etc. What was lost was the smaller, mundane functions, which could add up to critical failures, such as forgetting to refill one's water can or refuel the vehicle before going out, etc. Interesting lesson Interesting, I do the same -- dozens of tabs open in multiple windows, for multiple days, and it hasn't crashed in probably over a year. Different machines, this one is: Intel I-6700-HQ 2.6GHz 4-core/8 logical 16GB RAM... True, and if you really want to examine the history, go back to farming, where there was a zero commute -- you woke up and walked over to the barn to start caring for the animals, then breakfast, and walk around the barn to tend the fields. For craftsmen and merchants, seems they typically lived in the same building as their shop. I didn't see anyone complaining about that as somehow degrading the human experience. Seems like no big deal, just what is the most practical living/working arrangement in a given situation. Ah, the old No resources to do it right in the first place, but plenty to fix it when the sh*t hits the fan and it costs 2x-10x as much. I've quit multiple jobs over that type of repeated stupidity, and left pay and options on the table. Just intolerable. Why would the investor call the cops on the guy who alerted them to the missing funds? Was there a reason for him to have been suspicious, or was it more of a "Something's wrong! Start shooting! Oh there's a messenger, shoot him!" sort of response? Wow, so they go to the company premises, and it's the cops that say "arrest everyone and sort it out later". Must have been a uniquely unpleasant day for your acquaintance. And yeah, absconding for a mere $60K is just stupid. It's not going to get you very far, except in jail. $6 or $60 million might make some sense, otoh ... (but that's for discussion under the other item on HN "everyone has his price" ) I'm all for the magnets, and Zen's solution of education (vs the CSPC's banhammer solution). However, this argument is exactly wrong -- it would create another commons problem, where your individual interest is against the interest of the group, and so everyone acting in their individual interest creates a big problem. (fortunately, with education and careful use, we can avoid the common problem) Yes, and the individuals fail in that context (i.e., the driver is at fault), but the greater failure is the management decision to put the system in the wild and create serious risk other unuspecting and more importantly, un-consenting, people. Anything less is skapegoating and letting the managers get away with manslaughter (in this case). The whole lot needs to be prosecuted, not only the driver (who also should not get let off) Interesting bit of spam on the forum from an account created ~2hours ago: >globalrobin00 35 minutes ago [-] > Are you from US, and have a verified coinbase account? > Then what are you waiting for when you can be earning up > to 0.5 > BTC weekly, with your empty verified coinbase > wallet. Contact +1-423-445-xxxx" Apparently seeking to 1) get around Know Your customer rules using your account or 2) escalate into your linked US bank accounts. Purpose 1) will land you in serious legal jeopardy for a mere ~70mBTC per day, while purpose 2) will drain your bank account at some point. Quite cheap compensation for being a sink for toxic side-effects of money laundering &/or theft. Might not be so easy -- it is like paying payroll -- you, not only the recipient, need to report the tax ID of the person/entity that you paid. right, so being able to disable the microphone without destroying it, by pressing the little red button, would be quite useful in this instance. Nope, you need to put the payee info on the forms that you submit as well as the recipient. If you are paying someone more than $600, you need to cut a 1099 form, which tells the category, such as interst, rent, misc, etc. (1099-Int, 1099-Misc, etc.). On the 1099, you must put the Tax Id of the recipient, which for a person is their SSN, and for another entity is typically their EIN. You submit your copy of the 1099, and they submit theirs. They need to match or the IRS see a red flag. So, no, you can't simply say "here's the form, you submit it". Source: I'm not a Tax Attny, but I live with one, and have co-owned several businesses that needed to cut and/or receive W-2s, 1099,s etc. I try to reuse some significant parts of our packaging stream, such as 1Kg yogurt containers, bringing them to the shop to use for mixing epoxy instead of buying mix cups. Since I thought of recycling as having a high reuse rate (so having the hope that each bit of plastic might get used more than 2x), I used to think that this was a poor substitute and felt a bit bad about it. Since reading a number of articles like this, I feel much better about it, since this material is at least getting 200% of the original use, which seems considerably greater than the actual recycling re-use rates. So, reuse > recycling, yay! The BTC chart since last year looks very much like a classic bubble / burst sequence. Build up, running up to a hyperbolic frenzy, then precipitous drop, followed by long decline of lower highs and lower lows. This seems to be only punctuated by significant buys just around psychologically important 'support levels', which correspond with the several credible articles I've read about Tether coin being used to manipulate the currency. The chatter is always about the next 'support level', and it always gets broken. I'm expecting it to slide down well into three digits ( Edit: (& BTW, I'm a generally enthusiastic supporter of the cryptocoin concepts, just noticing that it is apparently much harder to really get there than originally thought) Love the function-first design approach -- e.g., "start with left-aligned black text on a white background, and to apply styling only to solve a specific problem."! But I'm not sure that "Brutalist" is the best name for it, as it carries a connotation of harsh, even ugly architecture designed around the materials, which brutalizes the user, whereas this web design is all about presenting the content in the best, least distracting way for the user ("When in doubt, do what Tron does: fight for the users."). Sure the name is edgy & gets attention, but... yes, but that is most definitely NOT the point of the anti-science propaganda (moon landing is a hoax, chemtrails, flat earth, etc.++). The point of that nonsense is to sow distrust in all institutions, especially science. Since the susceptible people have no real idea about how science works, it's just swapping out one belief structure or another (even tho it's promoted as 'think for yourself', that doesn't work if you don't have the tools -- your ignorance is just as good as any experts' knowledge). Once the actual experts are distrusted, any belief can be swapped in for these people, who are now useful idiots (in the Lennin sense). Right, two sides of the same... You're talking about the 'pull-side', the psych reasons (beyond mere ignorance) that pull people into this crap. I'm talking about the reasons behind the 'push-side', the reasons all this crap is produced & promoted, which is to harness all those latent problems into a weaponized political mass that can do real damage. Right, the mistrust creates the fertile soil on which these conspiracy theories can grow & spread. And I completely agree that we have massive legitimate cause for mistrust. But they don't create & promote the theories, then weaponize the believers. E.g., you and I don't watch the scams, then go out & produce videos about how the world is flat, jet condensation trail are chemical sprays to kill us all, etc., etc.. That comes from sources truing to manipulate & weaponize the ambient discontent. Yes. Especially since it's a continuous trend of records. It is still news when a wining team adds another victory to their streak and progresses towards the championship, Also, as pointed out elsewhere, TFA was mostly about this good trend. What point were you trying to make? Interesting project; not entirely surprising that sleep deficit increases possibility of low happiness, but doesn't force it. Definitely correlates with my happiness levels being much more all over the map in the last 6mths of running an involuntary sleep deficit due to a shoulder injury that impairs sleep (&worse the week after the surgery). I've also noticed a definite thinking deficit as this wears on, and am thinking of doing a tracking project. Rather than just going by subjective 'feel like I'm (not) thinking well', does anyone know of a good site that has a deep library of correlated mind test questions such that one could take repeated tests but not encounter repeat questions? cool, thanks! another one, w/ a somewhat different angle I'd found was a straight mental math trainer, discovered from another commenter here on HN: http://www.mental-math-trainer.com/ true, but it is not sustained Gs, it's in a reclined & fully supported position (i.e., its more mechanical stress on the body than draining blood from the brain, which requires special training & G-suits to counteract). Also, this would an exceptional event, not the standard launch profile. I'd call it a reasonable spec, though it does seem that each passenger should be medically cleared and, ideally, physically tested beforehand. Yup. Merely finding fault is the easiest, most trivial thing to do. edit: oops, I was shown to be wrong and I stand corrected. Downvoting without discussion is even easier . . . True, right here! I'm temporarily disabled after Rt shoulder surgery and am looking for a left-handed-only keyboard solution (typing very slowly w/LH on the laptop kbd now). I found a great mouse solution, a Logitech trackball mouse that sits in my RH sling [1] -- so good I expect to switch to it after recovery. But the kbd... [1] Logitech MX ERGO Advanced Wireless Trackball https://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/B0753P1GTS/ref=oh_aui_de... Also, tho per capita income may rise, that does not account for (re)distribution of income, in this case drastically upward. The portion of US GDP going to workers who earn a living (vs capital holders) has never been lower in modern times. https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/W270RE1A156NBEA This is getting way out of hand, and I don’t know anybody who hasn’t the same observation, and has already changed their behaviour to NOT answer the phone by default. If the major carriers don't soon understand the magnitude of the telephone spam/scam problem and treat it seriously, They will soon be crippling their business. While this is been likened here to the email spam problem in 2000, back then, everyone in the computer industry took the spam problem much more seriously telephone industry does now. E.,g., Verizon gleefully offers a blacklist where you can block 20 numbers (nevermind that the spam calls typically have spoofed caller IDs) -- they think they’re good, and it’s utterly useless. They really need to implement a true Source ID (regardless of the presented caller ID), and a way to instantly flag calls as spam then do targeted tracking and prosecution. If they fail to do this or implement another effective solution, I expect they will lose a century-old line of business to new habits that work around the established habits. Reevaluate assumptions, indeed! We've just had this alert from DHS on RUS hacking into our grid: https://www.technologyreview.com/the-download/611708/russian... The preliminary R&D and tests seem to have been run in Ukraine https://www.eenews.net/special_reports/the_hack Clearly, it's being tracked, but ... Having before college stumbled across the "study then toss it to the background and wait for inspiration" method, and used it successfully ever since (& having studied neuroscience in college & seen other similar mistakes), I can say that the author's study & results are likely accurate, and definitely irrelevant. The key is NOT, as the author describes, to work hard on topic B while topic A is expected to percolate in the background process. This will have the exact result that he found, no progress on A, and indeed many studies show that it will actually interfere with learning/cogitating A to immediately switch to work/study/cognition on topic B. Instead, the method requires focus on topic A until near exhaustion, then active rest -- do something not requiring any big mental energy/focus, e.g., go for a walk, do work with your hands, go to a cafe for idle conversation, and await inspiration (with writing implements at hand ready to write furiously & in no particular order when it arrives). He highlights a nice little study showing 1, stuff we already knew (similar to studies I read of decades ago), and 2, are irrelevant to the question at hand. I'd go even further to counter his title and say that there is barely any such thing as conscious thought, and that the vast majority of thought is unconscious. Yes! The really serious organizations are very diligent about dividing the responsibilities/opportunities. While working at IBM, there was a bit of fanfare for someone in my dept who got a very big promotion (iirc, he skipped a couple levels up at once). The promotion was because he'd noticed a flaw in the system that could have allowed four people to collectively conspire and get away with maybe $6 million. He reported it and the managers were all suitably impressed. I never managed to get enough details to understand the potential scam, or the solution implemented. Contrast this with the much larger amounts at stake with this sweepstakes & fast food org, and they aren't putting in any such multi-party controls. No surprise they were scammed. Even if we make the (dubious, imo) assumption that the low 1% figure is accurate, it can still be a huge problem. There are 480 million products on Amazon, many in somewhat obscure categories. Seems that if the fake reviews are simply concentrated in a popular 1% slice, we've got almost 5 million popular products with ~~100% fake reviews. Obviously oversimplified, but the likelihood is that the reviews are sufficiently concentrated to be a problem using their own figures, and the real figures are likely higher True about that org top being untrustworthy, but I think it is more about the specifically designed structure of the org, Design the org so that power is separated, no one has the opportunity to steal at scale. Power corrupts, absolute power corrupts absolutely. Divide the power and you remove the impetus for corruption. I don't think that cop would have done anything but an ordinary good job, had that multi-million dollar temptation not just showed up in his lap... Interesting data set, but what I'd want to know is what is the farthest you can get from the farthest road. This tells us that wherever we are, IFF we walk in one of the 2-3 the optimal headings for that circle, we'll hit a road in ~18 miles max. That's the best worst-case. What about the worst worst case -- if we head in the most un-optimal direction? How effed are we in that circumstance? >>"... pretty much any CNN article page includes an autoplaying video, a tactic which has allowed them to brag about having the highest number of video starts in their category. ... People really hate autoplaying video." The result is that, even though I used to watch CNN often, it has been years since I've intentionally opened one of their web pages, and when I accidentally do so, I almost frantically close it to shut off the damn, auto-play -- and that's even if I was interested in the video content. I'll get it somewhere else, thx. Summary of growing risks w/ageing bikes on the road, some built to exacting standards, others with lesser standards, and failing from hidden flaws or damage. One inaccuracy is about carbon fiber composites fatigue, which is not the same as metal -- completely different profile for properly engineered & built carbon. While metal continually flexed below it's failure load will fatigue and fail under reduced load, that doesn't happen w/ carbon. However, metals generally fail somewhat progressively with bend/distortion/etc., carbon fiber will fail catastrophically when it's load limits are exceeded. NO. China is NOT merely acting like anyone else in regards to international territories. China very aggressively uses every social, political and military means to change the maps in their favor and extend their political control. This ranges from building military bases by expanding islands in international waters and putting air bases on it and threatening others, to denying that they invaded Tibet, to getting foreigners fired for liking a tweet that might hint that Taiwan is independent. The US regularly needs to put naval vessels & aircraft in harm's way to frequently reassert Freedom Of Navigation in international waters -- the potential harm is from China's false assertion that these are Chinese territorial waters. This needs to be done ONLY against China in this region -- no other players try to pull the same nonsense. Please stop trying to act as if China is not an outlier in this regard. Their egregious and even bellicose behavior needs to be called out and halted before it gets more violent. This only serves to normalize and encourage China's egregious behavior. I've found companies that hold mortgages tend to do that sort of thing -- they really don't get the concept that Steve Jobs & others promoted that 'someone is going to eat your business, so we'd better cannibalize it first'. Trying to get two different refis, different houses, different lenders, the original lender kept stringing me along so long that I'd literally found several better deals, selected one, signed & closed before their refi dept responded with a meaningful contact who could actually move forward with a deal. They had my business by default, all they would have had to do is respond promptly, but I had to say "sorry, you lost". Just myopic. Seems they think if they don't respond, we'll not bother. why not go all the way into solipsism and declare that all other humans also don't care and are just there for your amusement? (I can guarantee you that at the very least, the animals care a lot whether they get smashed) Seems that it should be a two-level interlock, as is found on some high-end sportscars. The regular key allows for regular driving, but the Valet Key limits it to just over walking speed -- obviously sufficient to park & retrieve, but no good for joyriding. I'm quite surprised that this was overlooked in post-9/11 security reviews. Yes, and the trick is to supersaturate your blood & tissues with vastly greater amounts of O2 than normal, and also to reduce your oxygen consumption rate. Of course, even with these preparations, freedivers have died and some have shown some damage. Right. It's not like corporations, especially corps with a significant impact on society, should have any responsibility to use their power in a way that helps improve (or at least doesn't degrade) the society upon which their wealth was built . . . / Even with 0.1°C precision, time of day makes an insanely huge difference. Taking temp at the same part of your daily schedule, e.g., on awakening, will still show substantial variation based on just waking up earlier/later, or if something skews your sleep cycle -- and by substantial, I'm talking about >1.2°C. Take temp at different times of day, and you're looking at >2°C normal variance between early morning low and mid-afternoon high. Source: while training & competing at an international level, I took resting Temp/HR/BP readings 2x per day to regulate the training intensity schedule (unusual increases in resting values provided early warning for overtraining or illness, so could back off a smaller amount earlier rather than being forced to a larger rest later). What I found was that the temp numbers were extremely sensitive to the huge daily temp cycle, and that I had to constantly compensate reading that value. It's really interesting, but unless you're very consistent and understand the daily cycle and variability, really hard to base anything on it (and I'm not even considering the F hormone cycle which is what they're apparently trying to measure). Looks like this is his LinkedIn Page https://www.linkedin.com/in/poppakoppa/ still refers to www.TitleTrail.com but that's up for sale Looks like he might have some connection to this group still doing some of the work http://certifiedforensicloanauditors.com/ There are benefits to the ancient system of physically recording everything in the locale, and potentially good reasons to move to a more modern system. While I don't have enough info to form a final opinion, I do know that if they are going to centralize it, they should certainly be held to a standard of doing it right. Interesting idea, although it seems that it would more likely wind up forcing the creation of money-laundering schemes than doing real good. While it wouldn't really solve the activist investor issue, I favor a strongly time-based capital gains tax system, designed to favor long-term investment, over short-term financial extraction. The rate table might resemble: >10yrs = 0 Obviously a mere first-draft, subject to tuning. But the general concept should be clear - the short end would eliminate the volatility, unfairness and flash-crashes created by submillisecond trading. The encouragement to the longer end would get everyone to think longer-term. The 0% for decade+ holdings would prevent a lot of silliness around inheritance (e.g., you inherit a few shares from your grandfather, and have no records or reasonable way to figure the cost basis, but are required to assert one). Of course, I doubt it would happen because it isn't in the short-term interest of the bankers. Yes, some of it goes to the politician's waste, but the trickle-down via government is FAR better than the trickle-down from merely expecting the extractive class to create jobs and maintain a robust middle class. Heck, when the tax rates were that high, we had: * the GI bill, enabling all vets to go to college for free, * built road systems like the Interstate highway system * built schools * built libraries * WENT TO THE MOON. Seriously, if you want to complain, you will find waste in absolutely ANY large organization, corporate, philanthropic or govt. -- it just comes with scale -- there's economies of scale and inefficiencies of scale. But it does not follow from the existence of nontrivial inefficiency/waste/fraud/etc. that large organizations and their projects are therefore worthless; only that improvements might be sought. Cut through all the fine legal crap arguments here. 1) Verizon and their ilk are happy to blatantly misrepresent their offerings (and no, fine print footnotes/end notes don't count). 2) Verizon and their ilk, far from being decent corporate citizens and coming to the aid of firefighters, DO NOT CARE care if their misrepresentation gets people killed, as long as they can extract their maximum toll. The business model is not to provide better service in a competitive environment, it is to capture the regulatory agencies so that they can extract the maximum rents, regardless of consequences. The more common hypothesis is that the earth/universe is only 6000 years old but evidence of prior ages was planted by God or the Devil. Of course, this is functionally indistinguishable from an argument that the world was created last Tuesday, with all evidence of prior existence intact. Good work here on the teleological bias. The question is what's behind it? My working conjecture is that it is some people that cannot tolerate the ambiguity of many events being essentially random, chaotic, or stochastic. They'd rather have an evil cabal deliberately executing the 9/11 attacks, or school shootings, or faking the school shootings, than to accept that sometimes things just get very far out of hand. But, other than rough observation (and likely confirmation bias), I've not done much to substantiate this conjecture. Comments? >evil cabal Ha! Right, you are! I suppose AQ does meet that definition, just not the one I was referring to -- the evil cabal is (supposed to be) the one the runs the world (shadowy Illuminati, lizard people, whatever), not a random enemy cabal that happens to pull off a spectacularly deadly stunt by exploiting our security weaknesses. YES, this study finding these effects from Facebook are extremely interesting. "Their reams of data converged on a breathtaking statistic: Wherever per-person Facebook use rose to one standard deviation above the national average, attacks on refugees increased by about 50 percent." "[the FB] algorithm is built around a core mission: promote content that will maximize user engagement. Posts that tap into negative, primal emotions like anger or fear, studies have found, perform best and so proliferate." This selfish (to FB, Google, YouTube, etc) emphasis on engagement over truth has always disturbed me, but without any sound data. Now that some emerges, it much more rapidly than I expected approaches truly frightening levels. I'm normally start from libertarian, but this seems to be actively damaging society (albeit unwittingly) for their own profit, a true tragedy of the commons. ok, fair enough, so this is more a regulatory than a tax approach. I'm not against it, but I wonder at it's effectiveness, as regs are subject to many of the same loopholes, exclusions, and workarounds as taxes, along with regulatory capture (see FCC and Net Neutrality). Neither is perfect, and I think we need both. E.g., rags/taxes to cap CxO pay multiples -- so they have to bring up the pay of the average worker if they want higher exec pay. Regs for minimum wage above the poverty line... either way, I think we need to get the masses of idle capital back into the middle class if we want a robust country and society. And this is specifically why, as I select for my biz an upgraded email service provider, even though Google/GMail has a solid service & good prices, they are completely disqualified. Perhaps an automated system like the defunct BlueFrog anti-spam system (which worked too well)? Actually, it is not because I particularly care about uploading videos to YouTube (never done it, no particular plans to do it), but with the fact that Google specifically and forcibly links everything. Sure, in some ways, the fusion is very convenient. But I've read a few too many credible stories about how a loyal Google customer does some innocuous action that happens to set off one of Google's triggers, and is instantly banned from the entire ecosystem. Google's complete lack of customer support, and indeed hostility to the concept of ever being reachable by or accountable to a user just makes it worse. Bottome line; Google is ok for casual use, but as a biz, I'll never touch them, and advise others to avoid like the plague. GDPR does sem like a good (albeit small) step of trend reversal, attempting to limit the power of data accumulators for the general good. In contrast, a not so good step is the recent partisan calls by Steve Bannon, Alex Jones, Laura Ingram, etc. to nationalize Google, Facebook, etc. because "the results are rigged against Trump", attempting to seize the power in service of a particular party currently with authoritarian tendencies, just as TFA warned. That said, I doubt this will get far soon. Yup, classic. "...no time/resources to do it right in the first place, but plenty of time/resources to fix it when the customers complain..." I always thought it better to find the bugs in-house before shipping, but so many others don't see it... Filing a Homestead Exemption is a good idea when you buy a home for your primary residence. Rules and amounts vary by state, but it general, it protects you from creditors forcing you to sell your home. They may get some of the proceeds when you do eventually sell, so it may lock you into your location if you get a lien/judgement against you, but it's still better than getting kicked out. Per usual, IANAL, consult a proper attny in your locale. > basically. It doesn't cause amazon to rise in price. Actually, it does. Whenever a company is added to one of the major indexes, it almost always increases in price, and conversely, when one is removed, it generally declines. This is specifically because of all of the index funds that suddenly must put money into/remove it from the stock when it is added/removed from the index. Supply, Demand, price curves, you know the rest ... Yes, each individual customer is likely to find only a fraction of the bugs that your team finds. But, many customers will collectively find much more. the cost is more than an individual customer. It is everyone that customer comes into contact with and spreads word of the grief your bugs caused them. Reputation can be very fragile. The "deciding where the tradeoff lies" can easily lead to the Ford Pinto fiasco, where it was decided that the costs of the few lawsuits were less than the costs of the fix. After they'd _killed_ dozens of people and then got massive fines, that decision didn't look so good. Quality is its own excuse. And yes, you cannot let the Perfect be the enemy of the Good and insist in fixing every nit, but Good should be Damn Good, not merely 'just ok, ship it infested with known bugs'. You are supposed to make people's lives easier with a product, not merely extract their money. around the time they add/remove Amazon (or company X) to the index, they do enhance or detract from it's performance. Of course, when't it's there for years, it merely adds a relatively steady-state chunk to their price, affecting the level of their price curve, but not so much the slope. Yes, I'd guess the effect in the single-digit percentages, and being in the index didn't help GE not get dumped. Interesting question about market inefficiencies. Again, while they're not zero, I'd guesstimate them to be in the minor percentages... If Amazon suddenly adjusts their R&D spend to show the massive profit of which they're capable, or does a massive increase to go after a new market, I'd expect it to go up or down massively more than the index and drag the index along. In that respect, the index may play a dampening effect, as people invested in index funds just go along for the general index ride instead of jumping on/off the AMZN bandwagon. >> if peddlers of fake reviews are criminally liable and can be sentenced to jail then there's a problem with the law. Do you come from a background where crime and fraud is normal? This is outright fraud, plain and simple. They are paid to making false representations in order to deceive people and get their money. By your logic, you'd be OK with it if I posted that the car I was selling worked great, but after you sent me the money and got the car, you found that the engine had blown a connecting rod through the case that wasn't pictured and the body was totally rusted out under a thin layer of paint. No crime, just a bad review. Oh well. It is about time someone was jailed for this sort of polluting the common well of society, and it's appropriate that it was someone who had a business perpetrating such fraud. The person was making a business of it, it was not just a casual, occasional lie. This is systemically poisoning the well of public trust upon which society relies to function. We only have a prosperous society because we have widespread trustworthyness. You propose that breaking it down is meaningless. >I am not a lawyer, but I am pretty sure that is civil court, not criminal. Nope, it can be both civil and/or criminal, it's only a matter of whether it is a private party or an official prosecutor pursuing the case: https://bochettoandlentz.com/criminal-fraud-vs-civil-fraud-w... "..the basic difference between criminal fraud and civil fraud lies in who is pursuing legal action in the case. A single act of fraud can be prosecuted as a criminal fraud by prosecutors, and also as a civil action by the party that was the victim of the misrepresentation..." >>I do not consider TripAdvisor the common well of society. It is a business that earns its living by using one of the common wells of society. Think for just 1 second -- if no one trusted anyone, a business like TripAdvisor could never even consider existing -- no one would do anything but laugh at the concept that another stranger could give them advice that could be useful or accurate. It is obviously not the only well, it is just one locus among many, which happens to earn it's living entirely by the existence of trust and willingness of people to help others. The jailed person is specifically trying to earn his living by putting poison in that well. Some penitence might do him some good, and at least does the rest of us good by removing him from this activity for a while, and perhaps deterring him and others from this anti-social behaviour. Why do you think anti-social behaviour is OK? (serious question) it'd likely have something to do with a long-term non-optional residency as guest of the government in Leavenworth, Kansas Odious nonsense. Google are having zero influence on China's totalitarian government, and there is zero hope that they could have any such influence. It is either do what the CCP wants, when they want it, or Google gets booted anyway in favor of the locals. Most likely, China is simply using them to build and steal the best surveillance technology faster. The better result from a human rights POV would be to have less-competent locals build it. The sole exception would be if Google is working very tightly with NSA, CIA, etc. and actually installing a massive US spy network within China. While this is a possibility we wouldn't know about, it's unlikely given Google's culture. So, no, this is not even close to being in the interests of the US or it's citizens (a few major Alphabet shareholders excepted). You have _entirely_ missed the context. To spell it out, the GP was positing that by working with the CCP, Google was somehow adding western pro-human rights influence to the mix. This is false because the CCP will allow no such influence. Google's only possible influence is to enhance the effectiveness of the CCP's initiatives by adding Google's greater competence and development speed to the CCP's goal of mass surveillance and distorting or filtering the facts available to the Chinese people. So, yes, since Google is enhancing the CCP's totalitarian goals of controlling the populace, outrage is quite appropriate (unless of course, you oppose the general principles of democracy and people being able to govern themselves). So, providing it's world-beating expertise (vs a less-capable local team) to the practical implementation of CCP's totalitarian goals of surveillance and information restriction is not helping implement these goals? Seriously? Talk about naive, that's textbook. "Realpolitik" -- you may be right about that, since the first definition is "a system of politics or principles based on practical rather than moral or ideological considerations." In short, you say it is great as long as you consider only practical issues, and ignore all moral or ethical considerations. So, you are either trolling to assist the CCP's goals or are simply advocating for behaving without ethics or morals. Which is it? And I can assure you that outrage against helping totalitarian/authoritarian regimes is neither naive or disingenuous, at least for ethical people. I suggest reading people who have actually lived in and fought such regimes, such as Garry Kasparov, former World Chess Champion and Russian Presidential candidate -- people who've actually been there, done that, buried their friends. I assure you, they know the real score, and have zero tolerance for "realpolitik" bulls t. Looking? No Photographing and publishing or sending to unauthorized parties foreign or domestic, bet on it. You might get away with a stern visit from one of the 3-letter-agencies if it's minor importance and ignorance, but do it again... If you doubt it, please do the test and report back the results. National and Geostrategic interests are amoral by definition? Only if you are an amoral actor that cares not a bit about human rights or ability to self-determination. It is very much in the interests of the US and every democracy to uphold human rights and self-determination at every turn and every possible location in the world. Failure to do so enables dictators, authoritarians, and criminals. The fact that we've often failed to do so, or do it well, does not mitigate the benefits when we it is done well, or the damage when we fail. And make no mistake, failure is what you are pushing. The only question is whether you are doing it right now as a shill for the CCP, or only because you are amoral? >Whether Google works with the Chinese government or not will have absolutely no impact on human rights. NONSENSE. Google would be explicitly applying the best and brightest in the world to help CCP achieve its goals sooner and better. CCP may indeed ultimately achieve those goals themselves, but it would be much later and with less expertise. Delay and degrading anti-human-rights capabilities is a good unto itself, and a good to the US and every democracy. Sometimes it is not better to be informed and involved with what are basically criminal gangs. Are you promoting this because you are amoral or because you are a shill for the CCP? Realpolitik: "A system of politics or principles based on practical rather than moral or ideological considerations." -- Oxford English Dictionary You are right it's called Realpolitik. You are advocating for amoral action, simply for profit, regardless of ethical considerations. Your consistent promotion of this is repugnant, and raises the question of whether you are shilling for the CCP, are clueless about actual international affairs, or are simply amoral yourself. Looks super-cool - nice vid demo. My only suggestion would be to prioritize the screening over certainly the mobile an probably the API. My reasoning is that I do almost all real searching and analysis on the desktop, whereas mobile is just nice and handy for tracking an updates on the go. Also, screening is more immediately usable by a broader user set than the API functions (tho your spreadsheet integration is way cool!). Just one small vote while cheering you on! >>short-sighted about Western corporations offshoring their manufacturing EXACTLY! While the western corporations think they're taking advantage of cheap Chinese labor, the Chinese are actually taking advantage of our weakness for short-term profits over long-term investment and getting us to sellout IP in the bargain. For western corporations & governments, one of the most historically stupid geostrategic moves ever. So, as of the shutdown, is there anything even close to a usable software stack, or is it all just prototype stuff? Why, if they had all that funding, and assuming that they had good reasons for a custom OS, would they fail to hire an experienced team to build one -- it seems that the time saved by experience would be well worth it? Bottom line, is there any software of value that some other drone company might want to purchase? (edit: add last line) Of course it is not Soviet Russia, and I'm aware of those activities. It's one thing for amateurs doing those 'trainspotting' type of activities with commercial- or even professional grade equipment, but another to do it with research-grade telescopes and listening equipment. Obviously the amateurs are basically unstoppable, and are getting the same level of open information that any foreign agent can get by looking in the open. Nothing new is lost and there is no purpose in chasing the amateurs. However, we're talking about professional astronomers with both higher-grade knowledge, much higher-grade equipment (and likely operating under at least partial govt funding for the project or equipment), and operating under some regulations and laws. It is silly to expect that being noticed breaking those laws or regs would go un-addressed. But, as stated above, if you feel differently, feel free to do the actual test and report back your results. Generally good in concept that companies should pay enough that a full time job puts people above the poverty line and above eligibility for govt benefits -- anything less means that the companies themselves are effectively freeloading on govt welfare (externalizing their costs to the govt, which makes it tolerable to work at these companies) Much easier solution is to simply increase minimum wage as required, and probably set it at the locale level (more in the urban/high-cost areas and less in the rural/low-cost areas). Such specific targeting simply invites companies to game the system. Do not ever, and I mean EVER, mistake a banker or finance person as a friend or ally with your interests in mind. I've had bankers who were very friendly, and whose entire marketing pitch was how much they were there to help the small biz/startup turn around and pull things like call loans early because their other Real Estate dept f*ked up and lost tens of millions in the state -- even tho we were in an entirely different business sector (software/ networking) and had a PERFECT payment and reporting record. A medium-large biz I did some co-development project had an interesting story from it's early days decades ago. The President was going to the bank for an expansion loan, and was turned down because they said the business was too uncertain. A few days later, he found out that an employee went to the same bank and got a loan for a motorcycle no problem because his paycheck was regular. Since this was obviously stupid as his paycheck depended on the same business, he vowed then and there to not use bank leverage to grow. The biz now owns a good portion of a town not to far away, and has plants all across the US and several other countries. Keep them at great distance, and use them absolutely as little as possible. >>“Changes in our workforce are about skills, not age,” Ed Barbini, a spokesman for IBM said in an emailed statement. If that were the case, they'd be investing in retraining, not repeated mass layoffs that focus on older workers. The concept that older workers can't learn is complete nonsense -- some may not learn because of entitled attitude, that's across all ages (no I don't have a study, but I do note the plethora of press commenting on entitled millennials, etc.). Mainly a completely different control mechanism and single vs multiple power-sources. On a multirotor, there are obviously 4/6/8 motor/rotor sets, typically positioned far from the mass centroid, so control is effected by 1) varying the thrust from each rotor (primarily pitch & roll), and 2) varying the speed of each rotor for inertial effects (primarily yaw). This uses a single rotor and thrust vectoring fins to influence the direction and reaction to the thrust. I'm more interested in how the efficiency numbers work out. Typically, a larger rotor produces more thrust per unit of energy. However, a ducted fan is also typically significantly less efficient than an un-enclosed rotor. Since I don't have numbers, my question is which effect dominates -- is it overall more or less thrust efficient than a multirotor? Either way, it is a very cool design & build -- nice work Ikarus! I also found the popups annoying enough that I just closed the tab. I do not think that it is influenced a bit by one's score on scales of pedantry, internet-familiarity, or nerd-ism. It's more like people want to get to the information the web designer is presenting, and the designer is sticking all these obstacles in the way. Many people will simply say "Nevermind" at the obstacles. Yet there will be a few who persist and give their info for whatever reason. Since there are very large numbers, the marketing people who insisted in putting up the obstacles will cheer "look how much customer data we got!". What they won't notice (if they even kept the data), is how many people they lost by simply clicking away. Marketing people seem to have an endless capacity to mistake forcing behaviors that annoy their subjects for creating 'engagement'. And CEOs mistake these CMOs as doing a good job. Assuming the start of the software revolution with the Jacquard loom in early 1800s, Turing in mid-1900s, widely available microcomputers in the 1980s or the public Internet in the 1990s? (my vote is for Jacquard, otherwise it's late January) Incoming explosion for sure! Just not sure of the form. It'd certainly be nice to clear out the mountains of unnecessary complexity, which may sort of make it 'easier' to spin up apps, but just squanders computing power. Just using desktop app responsiveness as a proxy, it really feels like the most responsive time was just pre-Windows or early WinNT, and despite ever-increasing processing speed, cache, and RAM, the responsiveness just gets mushy. & config mgt almost takes more time than coding. I'm hoping that as Moore's law tapers off, we get somewhat forced back into valuing efficient systems. So, yes, when that nucleation site forms, it'll be nice, and a big burst of power! I'm sort of hoping that one part of it might take the form of greater power in the handhelds, pulling back some computing out of the cloud and onto a more independent old-desktop-style stand-alone high-capability machine, but I'm not holding my breath. I'd expect it'll still be tapping lots of big datasets/AI in the cloud... We can hope for fun times ahead! Nonsense false equivalency. Yes, in terms of implementing secrets & National Security-related spying there is overall parity, with the US probably a bit ahead of China & Russia. But in terms of being an average citizen, it is night and day. At least for now, the US is an active open democracy, with a large majority of citizens actively engaged in maintaining the governmental and extra-governmental institutions the maintain democracy, e.g., independent judiciary, co-equal branches of govt, elections, independent journalism, free speech, etc. Even though these are imperfectly implemented and under threat by the current administration (w/increasing evidence of significant compromise by Russia), the US remains overly in the OPEN and FREE column. In contrast, China is a straight-up autocracy, and it is openly working to ensure it's citizens do not even know their own history (e.g., Tiananmen, Tibet) or current news (e.g., Uyghurs), and have no capability to independently either obtain accurate information, or to organize to respond appropriately if they can somehow get it. And of course the spyware topic of this article, where ordinary citizens can get stopped on the street for failure to install. This is little different than "May I see your papers please". Russia is not far behind. To falsely equate these regimes and their surveillance & interference levels is tantamount to propaganda. No, it is not merely a difference in degree. It is a wholesale difference in kind/type. NatSec ops constrained by a robust constitution implemented by an elected govt, with different co-equal branches, including a court system with centuries of experience & tradition of protecting privacy of citizens from the beginning -- one of the principles on which is was founded (see 2nd, 3rd, 4th, Ammendments for starters), and a vigorous tradition of free speech and free press is one side. The other is an unelected totalitarian govt with a tradition of actively murdering it's own citizens to consolidate single-party political power, decades (China) or centuries (Russia) of manipulating information to the people, zero free press with active suppression, and active programs in both the civilian and military heirarchy to restrict information and spy on the people. To even remotely equate these systems and the threat they pose to the people is to either 1) deliberately grossly misrepresent the situation, or 2) display profound ignorance of the issues. If you want to recognize that there is a vast difference of type and then go on to discuss how the US might be better about what they do, that can be a fine discussion. But the land of 'they're all the same just different degree' is so far from reality as to render discussion useless. Reminds me of a story a friend told me from the days of working IT supporting 10BaseT coaxial Ethernet cabling, where if you broke the line at any one T-connector, the whole set of nodes on that cable went offline. One secretary was annoyed by something about the line under her desk and kept disconnecting it despite requests. He finally came up with the idea to explain her that the cable end "leaked radiation" when unplugged -- technically true, just not at levels relevant to human health. From that day forward, no more issues... Let's hope it goes obsolete like the Rolodex, only on an internet time scale Perhaps you don't think of FISA as a system that protects citizens, but that does not mean it is not so. You might notice that you're already off in the weeds of international National Security issues and nowhere near the problems of what Russia, China, Iran, etc. are doing. So our system is already fundamentally different. Then, you might notice that you are completely erroneous about FISA accountability. It is accountable to both higher judges and to Congress -- see the original authorizing act and H.R.2586 in the 113th congress on increasing FISA accountability. Yes, the FISA courts which deal with national security level secrets are different from open courts, and the accountability has been lax. But if there is any "pretending" here, it is that somehow because FISA courts exist, we're somehow on the same plane as totalitarian and criminal states. For starters, the FISA courts EXISTS, and does turn down requests. Here, there EXISTS a court system requiring evidence, arguments, and warrants. It may be imperfect, but there is no such structure whatsoever in Russia, China, Iran etc. -- if they want to spy on someone, foreign or domestic, they just do it. Again, there's a basis for discussion of how the US, EU, and FVEY countries could do it better. But there is no basis for discussion with a simplistic and/or propagandistic false equivalence of the open liberal democratic countries and totalitarian regimes. I remember from over a decade ago there was an annual contest to make the best web page that would fit into 5KB - yes, 5000 bytes. There were many impressive entries. I'd really hoped it would catch on. Sadly, that lightweight concept is now so forgotten that I can't even find it in a quick search. (perhaps someone else can find a pointer?) Thanks, nice! Seems I'd misremembered it as being more recent than in was, last one in 2002. They apparently 'grew' to 10K, and that site is now 404 also. At this point, 50K would be a welcome respite from the mountains of cruft that download with every click... Actually, YES, to the extent that the foreign policy is supporting & maintaining institutions & policies necessary for continued open democratic societies. By virtue of the US' historically strong support for open democracies (albeit often flawed or failed), and historical accident, it essentially now falls to the US to attempt to maintain it around the world. To the extent that we have failed to maintain and support democratic institutions and traditions around the world, they are lost. To the extent that these free, open, democratic governments, institutions, and traditions are lost around the world, those remaining in free societies will find ourselves under threat of losing those societies. So, yes, if a company wants to enjoy the fruits of being able to grow and prosper in the greatest open society and largest economy on the planet at this time, it is not too much to ask it to avoid supporting adversaries who would undermine our society and economy at the first opportunity (and are actively doing so right now). [recommend reading Garry Kasparov's "Winter is Coming" & other titles -- Fmr World Chess Champion, Russian Presidential candidate, author -- he's been there, done that, and buried his friends doing so] Absolutely, it should be written to block all companies equally. But in must be written No, they are not easier to not do business with, and it is also harder to find out when we should attempt to not do business with them. Try telling people who have only Comcast to not get off the Internet, or people with only one nearby grocery store to boycott it. Both require strenuous oversight, and without a govt capable and willing to constrain that oversight, you wind up wint an economy like the 1890s robber barons, which needed to be broken up by Teddy Roosevelt It would be if I supported it, but I am extremely against it (& yes, I did ack that US has been inconsistent/failed and was referring to supporting some anti-rights regimes). The extensive use of Chinese products by the US will likely turn out to be a great geostrategic blunder of historic magnitude. While the US companies and govt thinks they're exploiting cheap Chinese labor, China is strategically exploiting our myopic weakness for short-term profits to steal IP and gain global economic & military power. Then you are essentially demanding either that Google: 1) actively support anti-democratic, anti-human rights activities to the extent that they're willing to pay, or 2) that the USGovt simply ban them from doing biz in those countries, or 3) that the USGovt ban doing biz of a certain type, with likely arguments around the edges of that type. 4) or something else that I'm missing. Which are you proposing? Fair point. But, with copyright and other corporate pet issues, is it the Govt that really cares about sending the armed people to arrest and charge you, or the corporations that effectively own the govt? The further that excess corporate power is allowed to spread, the more tyrannical it will become. Yes, and at this point, it seems that the more useful model is to look at the govt as an extension of the corporations. My generalization is that for a society to function, while some concentrations of power are necessary (at a minimum to allow specialization, e.g., infrastructure, policing, military, legislation, executive functions, etc.), the key is to minimize and actively avoid concentrations of power. The largest and most dangerous concentration of power in modern times is the corporations, as we are seeing with Cicizen's United, decision, regulatory capture (FCC, Copyright law extensions, current dismantling of EPA, other regulatory agencies, etc.). I'd agree with #2 just fine. I think the large portion having no problem continuing to do business with China on such a large scale is a folly of historic proportions. Since that folly is unlikely to be abated, it'd be good if we at least cut off companies actively helping to undermine human rights and democratic institutions. The problem is that RC planes almost universally require a much higher investment in skill-building to become competent enough to even fly, let alone fly well. There is also a large community of builders and flyers [1], a network of clubs with actual airfields for the purpose, and a multi-million dollar insurance policy with membership. Both the difficulty, the investment, and the training and peer pressure drastically reduces the number of participants who behave like asshats with their aircraft - to essentially zero. With hobby drones, it is exactly the opposite -- just go buy some overgrown toy, and you can now put up in the air a device that with any of hundreds of failures of the device or pilot, can become a lethal projectile falling from the sky. So, yes, serious requirements for anything over a few hundred grams is very reasonable[2]. [1] Academy of Model Aeronautics -- www.modelaircraft.org [2](no, I'm not implying that the Govt automatically implements every reg in a reasonable & effective way, that could still end badly.) [Edit: footnotes] >>Mark cant have an opinion NONSENSE. Zuckerberg only thinks he can't, and that is not itself an opinion. These platforms focus on exploiting emotion and seeking 'engagement' to maximize time on platform and ads viewed/interacted with. This creates a strong bias towards false information, since it appears to be more novel/surprising/engaging. Even without active corrupt injection of lies, conspiracy theories, dezinformatsiya, provokatsiya, etc., this will bend away from the truth. They need to focus strongly on filtering for facts and truth, and yes, that means suppressing all of the above. Zuck thinks he's not in the business of publishing, despite corralling all the biggest publishes onto his platform, adn providing advertising to the likes of Russian trolls and Cambridge Analytica. He needs to recognize what he is actually doing and take editorial responsibility for his platform. As a customer/user, there are already entire classes of products I won't even consider buying on Amazon. This includes Batteries, Cables, most common electronic goods. As a business user, I won't consider signing up for their business account, for which they keep pestering me with popups. As a vendor, I've held off on putting products on Amazon for exactly this reason of getting hosed by the counterfeiters and knowing that Amazon will not only not have my back as a vendor that is helping them profit, but will actively fight against me on any attempt to force Amazon to responsibly police their warehouses. I may still take the risk in order to access Amazon's huge customer base, but I'll certainly be costly taking costly countermeasures from the start, and factoring those into the decision of how profitable it might be to sell on Amazon vs or in addition to directly. They really have a significant problem, and are sadly, becoming another big tech firm that is creating increasing levels of problems in our society and economic environment. The question is when those problems will exceed the benefit they bring to society. IMO, FB is well past the bad/good breakeven point, GOOG & AMZN are still on the good side, but trending badly. Which is often, especially in China, the same product made by the factory as extra production runs, but sold out the back door at night. Straight up theft on not only IP, but all the management admin costs to manage production, and the marketing efforts to build the brand. From every single account of people I've encountered who have worked in/with China, this and every other sort of ripoff is absolutely expected and par for the course unless you take serious countermeasures (e.g., make all critical components in another economy, ship over to China only the goods that just need final process and assembly). It's just how they do business. And obviously, now, they have significant hordes scanning Amazon for products selling well, which they'll promptly counterfeit. And Amazon's happy to help them undercut you. This seems like a definite plus for all involved. The Board and Chair set the overall strategy, while the CEO executes. In the next few years, the strategy is already clear -- execute on the Model 3, Model S & Roadster upgrades, Tucks, and solar products. The board should just be a background process for a while, while the pressure is on the CEO. By the time he gets his 'Chairman License' back, it may be time to update strategy. Meanwhile, the SEC notches a "win", the investors can go back to their regularly scheduled short-long bickering, and Elon can focus more on delivering. I recall hearing that this is the same phenomena that resulted in finally ending the 'Blue Laws' requiring all stores to be closed on Sunday. IIR the story, the Blue Law fine in NYC for opening on Sunday was $500/day. Woolworths just decided to open anyway and pay it, since they's make more than that. Due to competitive pressure, everyone soon decided to open, and just fight it. The laws soon officially ended. Here's a NYT archive story https://www.nytimes.com/1986/10/19/nyregion/sunday-shopping-... Yes, and even if the are actually fully informed and very skilled, there are severe limitations on what "management" of press and psychology can do. In an economy, an excess must eventually be corrected. The problems are that it's a dynamic super-multi-variable system and tends to overshoot in both directions. Ideally, an excess would self-correct soon and gently, but many information loops have too long a lag. Hence, the warning that "markets can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent". In cases where the bubble is moderate, 'management' may well keep the psycology from falling too far and overcorrecting, buying time, so that the situation can correct without a crash. However, it also continues the excess for far longer, and often allowing a far greater degree of excess. So, if the excess breaks through the management, the crash will be _ much _ steeper and deeper, overshooting far on the downside. I'm not sure if the PRC doesn't understand this risk, or if it does and is just in too deep to do anything else. Either way, it is a seriously growing risk for them and globally. Gene Drive technology is needed for more than mosquitos/malaria. It inserts a dominant gene that impairs reproduction in future generations and collapses populations. Funding for this type of research for all kinds of invasives would be helpful, IMO. Certainly seems better and more specific than trying to import predators also, who may end up preferring the local species over the invasive pest species. https://www.nature.com/news/gene-drive-mosquitoes-engineered... I'm referring to this specifically in the context of use to eradicate invasive non-native populations. The individual bugs may be hapless, but they are obviously just at the beginning of wreaking serious havoc on their new ecosystem and local agriculture. It was technology that transplanted these populations in the first place. Eons passed without them migrating across the major oceans, then they suddenly hitch a ride on a human conveyance and arrive in a location without their natural predators, and start wreaking havoc on the native populations. It just seems to me that this targeted technological intervention will solve the problem with the fewest side-effects. Gene-Drive is limited to not only a specific species, but a specific population. Pesticides kill a broad spectrum of creatures, including many desirable species that are not invasive, such as honeybees. Biological control, importing other living organisms to depress the population of a pest, can have even more massive spillover effects, some of which were mentioned in TFA, where a wasp that normally predated on the invasive was brought in and promptly preferred to predate on the local species. So, what's your solution? Just let invasives take over and further trash ecosystems (beyond the existing human damage)? Of course, but the Chinese needed to do that a decade ago -- it is way too late for that now... Usually the central banks serve that function by raising interest rates in better times as the economy heats up. China's? Not so much. Seems they might need to learn this lesson the hard way. and there is an even greater cost to 1) not working collegially with the NatSec agencies to maintain secrecy or plausible deniability on critical matters, and 2) destroying instantly your customers' trust in your ability to maintain their data privately, the immediate result of confirming in full the story. As mentioned above, 1) these denials can be later parsed and opened up as necessary with significantly less reputational damage, and 2) they contain some interesting specifics that can make them strictly true but quite misleading, e.g., "Apple has never found malicious chips, 'hardware manipulations' or vulnerabilities purposely planted in any server" might more accurately read "someone else found these..." Indeed! I actually started reading this expecting a new product for random meetups on interesting topics; the actual topic was also interesting. The concept is intriguing, at least if one could keep it on real meeting topics which could have a world of interest and discovery (vs 4chan-ish foolery, of which there is already plenty available) This is a great move insofar as it help manage their huge problem with counterfeits, knockoffs, review scams, etc.. This is the is the antithesis of those fly-by-night Chinese+ scammers. As long as they go for high quality and well-managed, this is an excellent idea. Also great that they base it on 3rd parties. Seems that they might have figured out that what people come to Amazon for is convenience -- to get a solid product at an ok price, delivered soon and free (w/Prime) -- and that the influx of cheap knock-off/counterfeit goods and review cheating is ruining that experience. Something to keep an eye on. ... as much as there are issues w/oil & gas heat, reverting with wood would for the current population would quite quickly deforest the planet, not to mention be more polluting (especially particulates). Design for efficiency, solar collection into a thermal mass, etc... Just tinkering, I've found several factors are important. First is the color temp and CRI of the bulb/chip; make sure they match your application. Sometimes mixing bulbs/chips works well to get a more pleasing & usable spectrum. I've also found that the strip LEDs with multiple colors and a tunable controller produce good results. Second, find a power supply/controller that has a very high frequency. LED's don't inherently flicker, and when powered straight from a source like a battery provide a completely steady light. The flicker is typically from a time-chopping brightness controller. Cheap ones may use 60Hz, which the eye can still see, especially in the peripheral vision areas (rod cells, sensing only grays detect motion much better, whereas color-sensing cone cells at the center of the visual field have a slower response so detect flicker less well). Ideally, get a controller well above 25KHz to also eliminate any audio artifacts. I'd very much like to see someone more expert chime in! OK, I'll bite. Here's a few concepts that came out of B-Schools/MBA land. at a grossly brief, thus over-simplified level: * "Shareholder value" as the prime goal of management, justifying the exclusion of all other stakeholders (employees, customers, community supporting the business, country supporting the business, etc.). Few concepts have done more to damage this country and capitalism itself (note the main problem of shrinking middle class able to purchase the goods produced). * "Manufacturing is fungible & expendable, just outsource it to the lowest-cost country". Massive damage to developed nations' economies, and national security, all to goose short-term profits. Actively destroys massive corporate value of know-how, simultaneously providing both the existing know-how and ability to generate new know-how to new competitors. While all the MBAs thought we were exploiting the cheap Chinese labor, the Chinese were looking long terms and exploiting our myopic need for short-term profits to gain massive economic & military advantage (note the recent controversies about planted chips, among many other similar security nightmares). This will go down in history as one of the all-time great geostrategic blunders, brought to us by MBAs. * "Invest in the stars, milk the cash cows, dump the dogs" -- breaking down your business units in this way, guarantees that the business will become a shell of its former self -- the dogs will be sold off with no regard for their potential if invested in (they may be developing key breakthrus, but not yet showing good financials), the cash cows will be starved of all potential and soon become dogs to be sold off, and maybe the stars work out or maybe they don't. Great way to kill a business. GE was financially managed -- where is it now? * The general concept that I've seen multiple times of focusing on managing to the financials instead of managing to CREATE great value. The financials will ALWAYS look better when investment in building true value and a competitive moat is overlooked to cutting costs and goosing current sales. These numbers will look good and increase for a while, possibly years. Until they don't. At that point, the business has no hope, and is a walking zombie, unrecoverable. So, yes if MBAs are kept in their suitable container of 1) installing good accounting practices for tracking and security of financial assets, 2) managing the profits that are made to ensure good returns, 3) optimizing operations & taxes (lease vs. buy capital assets?, etc.), then things will work out great. But putting them in charge without also having serious domain knowledge, both on the customer/market side and on the engineering/manufacturing side -- very bad idea. >>Here we have simulated characters that learn to adapt motions to irregular terrain, where the original video clips were recorded from actors on flat ground. That simulation looks quite good, though I'm struck that it has apparently not learned the simplest trick to success, launching your flip off of a higher point and landing lower NO, this is NOT a simple instance of "breakdown of democratic order". Also, all military personnel are not only allowed to disobey any unlawful order, they have a DUTY to do so. Trumps order to kill Assad is an example. [1] Moreover even with potentially legal orders, there are orders that present military professionals with moral dilemmas, "...decisions wherein the needs of the institution appear to weigh on both sides of the equation. Whether the issuer of the order is a superior officer or a civilian leader, the same principles apply. In the face of such a dilemma, the military professional must make a decision, which cannot simply owe its justification to the principle of obedience, and must take responsibility for that decision. " [2] It was rather firmly established at Nuremberg that "following orders" is no excuse for immoral or illegal behavior. Up and down the chain of command, every person is expected to take responsibility for their actions. Those actions may include modifying or refusing to implement orders. The consequences may be anything from commendation or promotion to court martial or death. Yes, they are taking a risk in countermanding the POTUS/CIC. They are also exercising responsibility. [1] http://www.ucmjdefense.com/resources/military-offenses/the-l... [2] https://www.army.mil/article/47175/breaking_ranks_dissent_an... Yes, I agree that the ideal standard is holding responsible the person making the bad orders, and relieving them of duty. That said, it is often impractical, or would create too much of a problem. E.g., the person currently occupying the President's chair and CIC title, is apparently issuing illegal orders (e.g., 'kill Assad'). The ideal solution is the 25th Amendment to relieve him of duty. The problem is that this requires the VP, majority of the Cabinet, then 2/3 of the Senate to execute. Even bigger hurdle for impeachment This will simply not happen in today's environment, so what is someone in Mattis' position to do? Simply follow orders and become complicit in the crime, or find a way to undo them? One of the key lessons I learned from several people I worked with who had held US Mil command positions, was that leadership is NOT about giving orders -- many civilians think that mil leadership is easy because of the Chain of Command and orders. If you think that, then the best case is that you order "Do X" and your second in command says "Do what the chief says" -- i.e., he adds zero value. Leadership is about making those under your command want to execute your orders to the best of their ability. The person currently occupying the President's chair fails miserably at that basic standard, the party supports his every move for a variety of reasons. Therefore, those under his command are stuck with workarounds. By taking the steps you propose, Mattis would promptly eliminate his ability to do any good, and likely fail at preventing the harm he is trying to prevent. And yes, if the person occupying the President's chair had actually given a specific direct order, as in "As President, I'm hereby ordering you specifically to implement a plan to attack and kill another head of state, specifically Bashir Al Assad; do it by next week or I'll relieve you of duty and court martial you for insubordination", Mattis would have little choice to either comply, resign, or wait for the MPs to arrest him. However, it is extremely unlikely that the order was that specific, and so both creates the moral dilemma referenced above, and the opportunity to use discretion in how the request is implemented. And even if such a "Big Fucking Deal" happened, in this environment, it's a fart in a hurricane, and if you actually expect this congress to act as you expected, perhaps we should talk about this bridge I have for sale... >Supermicro boards were so bug ridden, why would hackers ever need implants? Ummm, because if you need your hack to be reliable, you can't rely on someone else's bugs to be there when you need them. You never know when they'll be fixed, or just replaced by new bugs. A long time ago when setting up computers and networks was driver version hell, we had a short list of manufacturers' computers that we'd do setup included in the price instead of on-the-clock. This came about when a shipment of about 20 Dell computers, all supposedly of the exact same model# and revision, required about about 11 different setups, because the various chips on the board were different. They were clearly just using the chip-of-the-week>from whatever supplier was cheapest -- great for their price points, but every variant required a different driver for some subsystem. So the list was created and Dell was not on it (it was IBM, Compaq, HP, DEC, to show when this was). That's solved now by hiding it with the much more automated OS and networking setups, but it is easy to see how the Chinese spies would be in the same situation -- some buggy boards are wonderfully exploitable, but how do you tell that the version going to your target wasn't changed by some revision that wasn't even noted in the Rev- listings? Better to insert your own bug if you want to actually get the job done. Nope, it doesn't wreck your body, not even close. This is because of homeostasis. You normally have close to, iirc, 2000Kcal floating in your blood, intracellular fluid, & cells. If you get too much more, then the pancreas will produce insulin to stimulate your body to store the excess as fat. But when you are temporarily under-fed as with Intermittent Fasting or Time Restricted diet, the insulin simply doesn't arrive to force it out of the bloodstream so it can maintain the levels; levels can also be restored by converting fat stores to maintain the appropriate blood sugar level. So, you've always got something like that ~2000Kcal store ready to go, and you don't need to worry about 'bonking' on any normal workout with any normal IF or TR diet. I personally did once manage to do something like you worry about, during off-season training one year in my career in international-level alpine ski racing. I did a 3-day fast, with a solid weight workout (including big muscle groups) on Day#1. No problem. Then, at the end of fasting Day#3, I felt really energetic, so broke the plan and did another really heavy leg weight workout, which went great. However, about an hour+ afterwards, I felt really wobbly/shaky from low blood sugar. This was fixed with a single big orange juice smoothie. It was really cool to feel it take effect -- within minutes. And, there was no break in the training routine after these events, just continued on as usual. Admittedly it's a single test, but it shows that it can take a lot more than one workout on a TR or IF day to even get to an out-of-the-ordinary state, and it's easily fixed when you do. Not really anything to worry about. [Edits - clarity, commas] Not OP, but yes, Sears would be a LOT better off without Lampert's engineering -- starting with his leaving a $billion in the company instead of siphoning it off to his hedge fund [1]. Lampert has done virtually everything to make the company fail, from employer actions that drove away anyone good, to screwing suppliers so that he now has no inventory, to letting the actual stores look like dingy, deserted, wastelands, so no one wants to shop there. Even in the age of Amazon, many brick&mortar stores are actually learning to thrive, including BestBuy and Walmart. Sears has a corporate history of being Amazon 100 years before Amazon -- they sold everything by its famous catalog, up to and including houses. Of course, much of that institutional memory has faded, but it still arguably could have been leveraged to help it thrive today. I have zero doubt that if it had been run recently by someone who knows and cares about great merchandising and service, it would be thriving, instead of dying by being run by a financial 'engineer' bent on using it as chop-shop fodder. [1] https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-09-27/lampert-s... Agree, it was on a long slide. I'd argue that the right leadership could have reversed it, but Lambert absolutely sealed it's fate. Following the coffin analogy, I'd say it was sick, but the family wasn't even talking about coffins, but Lambert came in and upended the bed, threw the patient out the window, bought the coffin, put the body in, and nailed it shut all by himself. Now, he's off to bury it. There are 100 other ways from FB. Voice/Video connections. Start with all the free or low-cost VOIP solutions to do voice and video calls. Skype is great for a lot of interpersonal stuff, and can do conference video easy. Email - that's what I primarily use with my family, including both parents as long as they lived. None of my family has ever been on FB. Text/Mobile. Works great, its more direct, and if the conversation gets thicker, you can just ring & use voice. Post -- send physical letters and objects! all kinds of fun, even tho it isn't instant... If you really need a central place to post images, just get a website of your own, there's dozens of hosting providers, or use some other photo sharing service. Seriously, there is zero reason to actually use FB. It is toxic, just dump it. I didn't either, and I was wondering why the system was rapidly degrading. It used to be my top go-to site/app, but it became so unreliable, crashing so frequently on Android I had to remove it from all devices, and rarely use it anymore on web/desktop. I never 'looked under the hood', but it seemed to be straining & breaking the load of mountains of new cruft code. Somehow not surprised to learn that this happened on IBM's watch these days when they seem to have lost the plot in so many other ways. For Android, FlowX [1] is a great app that is my first go-to now (no relation other than as a happy user). This Earth map [2] is a great map for web. Anyone have other recommendations for web/desktop? [1] https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.enzuredigi... [2] https://earth.nullschool.net/#current/wind/isobaric/1000hPa/... I would not specify that the communication can be considered fully Line Of Sight. There are many intersections where the car would need to communicate with the crossing car and the intersecting road is behind a hill, trees, or building. Yes, attacks are an enormous concern, but comms and hardware failure are also very significant & non-trivial to solve. Fun response there! Similarly, when then Gov. Meldrim Thomson of NH wrote to the federal govt requesting nuclear weapons for the New Hampshire State National Guard, there was apparently a bit of a quandary of how to reply. They eventually settled on a similar approach of noting that someone had gotten a hold of his stationery and that he should implement better security. Sorry to be vague on the details, I couldn't find the letters in a quick search -- if anyone can find a link, it's definitely a funny read (considering it all ended well). Edit: here's one link to a newspaper referencing it, which gives us a date before 7-June-1975: https://news.google.com/newspapers?nid=1499&dat=19750607&id=... That's possible, tho' I distinctly recall reading scanned copies of both outgoing and reply letters. It's frustrating that I can't find them now. At the time I read them, I had no doubt that that they were real scans of actual documents, but I didn't do any hard skeptical verification either. I'd say of unmoderated (or poorly moderated) review systems. E.g., we don't see this on Angie's List or Houzz. I've found that the only way to get useful information out of most Amazon reviews is to look at the 1- & 2-stars, trying to filter out the fake competitor hits, and see if there are any consistent issues that aren't DEU issues. Then look at the 3- & 4-stars and see what seems to be good. That said, I expect it'll only be a matter of time until this strategy is no good. This may have just decided it for me. I drive a 16yo car w/a 5-speed H-pattern manual which still runs great (100mph is just seconds away anytime, 7500Lb towing capacity), and am considering whether to go forward or retro, or just fully refurbish this SAV. I love driving, have held racing licenses & won races & championships, but also look forward to self-driving cars with the current state of traffic. In a traffic jam today, I thought it'd be really nice to have Tesla's automatic lane-keeping & follow tech. Yet this kind of intrusive tracking and trying to force yet more targeted advertising at us is just sickening. There's nothing new with the kind of specs that I have in my garage right now, and the only downside is requiring 91octane petrol and getting only 21-25mpg. It is clear that we cannot trust the major manufacturers to not engage in this tracking&targeting nonsense. Tesla does track very extensively, but I don't think they're interested in advertising to us or selling our data -- but how long will that last? On the one hand, I really want self-driving cars with the current congested traffic that is no fun. But on the other hand, I feel like I might be one of the last holdout curmudgeons with a standard shift and round steering wheel as human driving becomes illegal. Thoughts? With Amazon Echo, if Drop In is enabled, any of a number of people can turn on the mike to listen anytime [1]. This has gone wrong when erroneous connections were made, and IMO, Amazon are overly aggressive about enabling this feature. [1] https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=... The article makes excellent points. But at the head of its concluding list, "A good place to start is with things that compound: knowledge, relationships, and finances.", should be an altogether more important item -- health. Without your health, all the money, knowledge, and relationships in the world will amount to little. And health is the ultimate long game, literally playing in ltiile bits today for the ultimate goal of a long healthspan and long lifespan. And, considering that virtually every study points to a single factor as being as close to a magic elixir as we get -- exercise . . . No, it does not work that way. Tactile dexterity depends greatly on developing a 'feel' for what you are doing. It means developing: 1) heightened sensitivity to the inputs of all the nerves, joints, and muscles, 2) delicate and highly tuned muscle activation, coordination among muscles, and hand-eye-object coordination, 3) refined expectations about the behavior of your materials, 4) deep and subtle integration of all those skills. Neuroscience studies show that experts in a field can develop 10x the sensitivity of ordinary healthy people in relevant perceptual disciplines. E.g., if the ordinary person can distinguish a pressure difference of 1g on his fingertip, a pianist or surgeon would be able to distinguish 0.1g pressure. This kind of tuned neuromuscular system does not develop from simply taking a set of courses. It takes years or decades of training. It may even be the case that if not developed during the more plastic stages of brain/neuromuscular development, it will be close to impossible, or at least substantially more difficult. To obtain real professional-level dexterity takes decades of learning, understanding, & integrating many subtleties and sub-skills before fluency is achieved. A closer analogy would be literacy. The professors certainly have a specific need that their students be literate. Yet I wouldn't expect anyone, even a highly intelligent person, who had not learned to read and developed extensive and solid note-taking skills to arrive at Med school and expect that the professors teach him/her to read, write, and take notes. This is because it takes decades of learning, understanding, & integrating many subtleties and sub-skills before fluency is achieved. edit:clarity & #4 For sure, both immersion and deliberate practice work -- eventually. The issue is the scale and scope of the remedial project. OP casually shunts off the severely deficient students as an 'invalid concern' and "just [a] transfer of responsibility", as if the schools merely "should teach them". Or, perhaps add an exam that would be solved by some 3rd party exam-cram courses or YouTube videos. OP is wrong in this by orders of magnitude. The training that you propose with immersion and deliberate practice is more, but likely still drastically inadequate. There's little doubt that the surgery professors are observing a new and serious deficiency, even though the article doesn't mention quantifying the observations or research that nails down the exact cause. Moreover, the skill deficit is deceptively simple, and may require years to fix, or even be unfixable in those subjects. Several examples: * A group of monkeys being raised in an indoor arboretum had some injuries, and the scientists installed much more stout sticks and secured the vegetation. No more injuries due to broken branches, but when the monkeys were introduced to the wild, instead of swinging & leaping through the leafy canopies like their wild brothers, they cowered at the trunks. They'd completely failed to learn while young the skills required, and so the release failed for that generation. * Personal experience, in learning a physical skill to an internationally competitive level, starting from being already well-coordinated, it took close to a decade of full immersion & dedication to get to the national team level. Moreover, even having achieved this skill level in certain sports, I've tried to get good at things like juggling and piano, and I have no illusions that even making a similar level of dedication, I'd never get anywhere near a professional level in either -- I didn't build that kind of wiring earlier. * I've made arguments like yours to concert-level musicians, i.e., that simply being dedicated enough and training hard enough would get one to a professional level. Instant response of "NOoooo..." -- they've each seen multiple people pour years of their lives into hard work with top teachers and never get to a professional level, and these weren't people starting with a deficit. * In neuroscience there is observed a period of plasticity for some skills. While it is not absolute, it is phase in brain development where the brain is particularly suited to absorb & learn certain skills. With some skills and animals, it is absolute -- if not exposed during that time, the organism or person will have an unsurmountable lifetime deficit. Languages are like this, where picking up a language between the ages of 4-8yo is almost effortless, but after that... Even if it is a skill that can be overcome in a different period of life, it's much more difficult. Serious professional level manual dexterity and physical skills are not something that can be picked up even with multiple dedicated courses. I'd venture that putting in the courses of immersion & deliberate training you suggest, and at a level of intensity equal to med school itself, might recover 30% of the deficient students in several years, delaying their Med School by the same period. Seems out of scope to me. But the OP's idea of a pre-screening exam is good, not because prep courses would solve it, but because the pre-med students could wash themselves out of contention if they lacked the skills to begin with. I chuckled at the snark in your 1st post, but jacobolus is right about the words are there to illustrate that these are far beyond ordinary capabilities (both in results & time to acquire). They are not merely unqualified; e.g., the "heightened" is specifically described in the next paragraph as e.g., developing 10x perceptual resolution/sensitivity. That said, there may be a bit of hand-waving vagueness, as I'm trying for a short post, not a thesis (my experiences in international competition led me to study neuroscience in college). More broadly, if you've had enough of the physical experience to understand the points, you need little explanation, and if you don't, there's almost no explanation you'll understand. Spend a decade or two learning & refining a true physical skill, craft, sport, musical instrument, martial art, or something and come back and tell us that the words have no meaning. Once you've been there, you'll tell us instead that the words were inadequate expressions of the phenomena. ("There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy") Yes, it is something we studied in several neuroscience classes. What's really cool is that you can have developed such a skill without even realizing it. The professors were demonstrating one of the visual tests of discrimination in a flat light field and I was the subject. The test was a pattern of light/dark bars where the contrast and edges were flattened beyond recognition, presented, then in slow steps distinction restored to the point where you could see a difference. Turns out I could literally see as obvious distinctions that no one else could see as anything but a perfectly flat-light screen. Our conjecture was that it developed from years of looking for the tiniest variations in fields of snow in flat light where a little ripple or angle can make a big difference skiing at 80mph. But until we did that test, I could never have told you that I could distinguish anything better than anyone else. Perceptual neuro guys/gals do these kinds of tests all the time finding the limits of the perceptual/neruo systems, and often find these, ahem , heightened abilities in top level athletes musicians, etc. There's also some fun ones where they expected to find some and didn't (topic for another day) I wish I had a link, sorry. Read it probably over 10 years ago Great Idea love it! I'll second the idea of providing straight info on major current events too, tho that might take a big editorial/journo staff... More immediately, while Chrome populates nicely, Firefox just comes up with the main page with [Top Today] and [New] blank. I'm also running NoScript but w/restrictions lifted on all sources on your site. Yes, Reuters & BBC are already in my feeds, along with Google searches in sci/tech, and carbon fiber (my biz area). Just always looking for more sources... Looks good - thanks! Several have commented on the likelihood that this will not be so much "Search & Rescue" as "Search & Destroy". It seems that the "no GPS required" spec and the under-the-canopy flying and mapping they showed makes this considerably more likely. Small drones on rescue missions need to find the lost person, identify their location and transmit it back. The search/find part would be best done above the canopy with appropriate sensors, covering as much ground as quickly as possible. Flying under the canopy, and mapping it the whole way would dramatically slow this process -- probably quicker to have a human horde search on foot. Once found, the GPS coordinates would be the most essential data point to transmit back to the rescuers. The relative positions of all the local trees would be kind of irrelevant, but that could be quite useful in targeting various kinds of attack. IOW, it seems the other Search & Destroy comments have got it right. Not OP, but * Does the phrase 'vampire squid' ring a bell? * How about MDB1? culture What experience and knowledge do you have that is even close to that of the author and supports your "romanticized crap" characterization? Seems that the author is speaking from a position of many years of experience in observing wildlife and a full year+ diving with these creatures every day. Moreover, it's quite a solid point that if the sharks actually saw us as an 'on the menu' food source, there would be attacks more than daily. The general take from shark experts I've read seems to be that they are generally mistaking us for seals on occasion. For example, on Cape Cod in Massachusetts, seals have started to increase in population, and shark incidents with swimmers/surfers have also increased. Used to be, although at least Verizon is actively tearing out copper as fast as they can, so that they aren't subject to the old telco regulations. Amazon definitely has a huge counterfeit problem. My first impression/hope is that this is part of an attempt to repair that. But it sure seems like the wrong target, as these guys are just selling repaired old goods, not fake new goods, which is the problem. If they have a big problem with high defect/return rates, they certainly should be sanctioned out also. but my suspicion is that this is just a deal between BigCo a and BigCo B to enhance extractive profits. Sad to see it going like this... Yes, it is plausible that there is a potential regulatory issue. Even if it is the key issue, that in no way excuses this horrible treatment, or passing it off as a mere "communication should have been clearer". Complete, absolute failure to contact the worker using your platform in any way?!? Nope, absolutely unacceptable. All UpWork needed to do was to say something like "This work profile, with many projects on a single employer is passing the threshold of 1099 vs W-2 employment, and as such we cannot continue supporting this hiring/working pairing as a freelance intermediary due to regulatory issues. BTW, we have a W2 Payroll solution that you can sign up for immediately to solve this problem. More details here...". The fact that UpWork did no such thing indicates clearly to me that they are not in fact concerned about regulatory issues, but merely using them as an excuse to upsell, while trying to lock-in their worker base by keeping them in the dark. IOW, completely unethical practice. As a biz owner currently using freelancers on several platforms, Upwork just got crossed off my list (just as I'll never intentionally use Uber). If they are anything but completely stupid (admittedly, not unheard-of for startup jockeys), they have competent legal counsel, who can explicitly draw the boundaries for them and write the appropriate notices. Relying on some kind of quasi-plausible timing/delay issue, as does the parent comment, it's even less of an excuse. The more I see, the more clear it is that Upwork are If they were going to give proper notice of what they were doing, they should have done so simultaneously with shutting off service. If not, they're also wrong. It really has narrowed down to two choices: 1) Upwork are completely incompetent to even perform their primary functions 2) Upwork are playing a very unethical game. Either way, they are not qualified to operate their business, and shouldn't be hired from either side. Much irrelevant hand-waving. Legal issues are always somewhat 'fuzzy' and subject to judgement -- it's why we have judges. And this is not that fuzzy, the IRS has published clear standards for decades and it's well litigated. Nothing about that prevents a company from defining the boundaries of it's behavior and communicating clearly & behaving ethically. Timing is utterly irrelevant here. The ONLY reason he found out is that he had the good luck to have a well-placed friend who could see the issue AND had a communication side-channel. Absent that luck, he'd be permanently screwed. We've got no data on what other customers were able to buy or not, and it is also irrelevant -- particularly for a contractor primarily occupied with a single buyer, who would not have tuned his marketing to the broader market, and due to Upwork's unethical behavior would have no notice that he needed to. "...in a teapot"? BS! A scaled business like this is a large system, and this is an example of how the system works, and limits the range of possible root causes. In Upwork's case, it is either one of two things. 1) A sloppy mess of incompetence and make-it-up-as-you-go-along supported by ill-invested venture funds. Or, 2) A management that has specifically decided to implement a system of unethical behaviors in hopes of extracting higher profits regardless of the cost to it's users. Either way, they are either unqualified to be in biz, or unqualified for anyone to do biz with. I'm left wondering why you are such an eager and persistent apologist for this behavior, grasping any straw to excuse it . . . You might be surprised at the popularity of "Slow Television" [0], which televises the long journeys of trains, cruise ships, etc. It is apparently quite popular in Norway and growing elsewhere. Add some potential UFOs to the mix, and who knows where it might go? [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slow_television that sounds awesome! I wonder if there's anything like that available now. Anybody have any links? My (alpine) ski racing coach used to refer to "training your instincts", by which he meant that we needed to train in the correct neuromuscular patterns so that those would emerge without thinking (which of course is too slow at 35-40 meters/second in a Downhill race, or even 1/3 of that in a Slalom). I also used to notice brain states that I'd call "fast meditation", completely calm and meditative, almost just observing the body doing it's work, but at speed. Happens even more in sportscar racing, i think because there's more time to get into a "flow state". Turns out there's a connection -- meditating monks generally slow down their sympathetic ('flight-or-flight") system and the parasympathetic (slow maint) system becomes primary, except when they achieve an exceptional meditative state they seek for years, when both systems kick into high gear. I suspect the same thing is happening from the opposite direction. It is endlessly amazing . . . Considering that they've effectively aided and abetted undermining of democracies around the world, along with outright mob murders by enabling the massively scaled-up spread of dezinformatsiya, lies and rumors, we might expect some decline in morale among the employees with a conscience. When their leaders actively discourage repairing the situation, it's even worse. E.g., "Ms. Sandberg was angry." about employees "Looking into Russian activity". [1] Even tho her anger was about that it might leave them exposed legally, it is obvious that she consider protecting her FB domain far above protecting her country or democracy itself. At this point, their entire enterprise is a plague on society. [1] https://t.co/Vwr3dC8v1c It should also be remembered that 1n 2009, FB took $200 Million Investment From The Russians At A $10 Billion Valuation. FB also turned down other investments at the time. Certainly raises questions about how much they ignored the Russian problem, at the very least, about competence. [1] https://techcrunch.com/2009/05/26/facebook-takes-that-200-mi... Actually, we do see it. Along with Civil Asset forfeiture mentioned by others, there are also: * Know Your Customer laws, * mandatory Suspicious Action Reports of all transactions over a certain value, * anti-Smurfing or anti-Structuring laws that against structuring deposits to be under the threshold of SAR reports, * a whole host of foreign transaction laws * and plenty more... So yes, prosecution of use of cash is very alive and healthy with people getting prosecuted for all of these crimes related to use of cash. And this is before any prosecutions that establish direct use for terrorism or drug cartels. Also, 'The Final Cut', by Omar Naim, w/ Robin Williams, highlights some interesting issues with implants recording everything: https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0364343/ Get used to it. From the perspective of running several consulting/job-shop types of business, this happens all the time from clients/customers/prospects (who are effectively employers, and are in very analogous positions here). We'll be going along through the process of sales, project definition, quoting, etc, and then all of a sudden they just go silent. No reason, no explanation, just ghosted. For days, weeks or months. Then, suddenly, with no warning or explanation, they call/email again, and the process picks up as if not a day has passed -- the only difference is often they are in a bigger rush and want the project more. (seen similar with VCs too) So what happened? Almost anything. Other business have their own priorities, and their own fires to put out, and can often quickly get distracted from a project. The difference is one of perspective. For us the employee or service provider, this job is a critical priority. For them, it's one of many, even for top priority projects. It's just not the same sense of urgency from different sides of the table. I've learned (after way too much anxiety) to just accept and ignore it -- mostly. And the times I couldn't just ignore it and felt that I had to do something, and only barely managed to hold myself back? Almost always glad I played it cool (even if I wasn't cool inside my head). YMMV Actually, I haven't found that to be the case with this phenomena -- as soon as they return, they are eager, engaged, respectful, and often write large checks, and there's no diff in their attitude on projects that have a sales process gap and those that don't. I just don't put this int the category of disrespect, but of "they've probably got their own problems, so I ought to have a bit of compassion". (If I put any unannounced hiatus in the sales process in the disrespect category, I'd have very few clients left, as I generally fire clients that treat us with any significant disrespect.) It'd certainly be nicer if they were more forthcoming, but I've seen it in two industries, software & manufacturing, and it just seems that 1) they're writing the checks and determining the schedule, and 2) their schedule is often determined by THEIR clients, and when that has a hiccough, the entire downstream supply chain gets a cold. I've just found it better for everyone to be sanguine. Samsung's $130 million investment over years, sold out to Chinese firms for $14 million. To the Chinese, theft of IP is just business as usual. Every single firm I've personally encountered that has done biz in China has either already had their IP stolen and sold in competition with it (or just products sold out the back door w/o label), or fully expects that it would happen and takes strong defensive strategies, e.g., sending pre-mixed materials to China where they only do the final process. This is not sustainable. While the West thinks that we were exploiting China for it's cheap labor, the Chinese had a much longer range view -- they were exploiting our myopic lust for short-term profits to get our most valuable assets and gain long-term strategic advantage, both in both commercial and military technology. This is likely to go down as one of history's greatest strategic blunders. I wonder if it has already gone too far for us to recover. Consider that their govt calendar is primarily organized around 5-year plans, that they apparently have 100-year plans (and possibly even longer), and have many long-term plans such as the 'belt and road initiative'. Even if they didn't originally conceive of it as a plan before Nixon/Kissinger's 'opening' (i.e., the original opportunity sort of fell into their lap), we can be quite sure that once they recognized the opportunity, they have made very careful long term plans to exploit it. We can also observe that these plans are being diligently executed now. No, it is not reasonable for the car to stop suddenly without the key. Even if it stops by going into an emergency limp mode, this could seriously endanger the occupants by leaving them in a dangerous traffic situation, a dangerous location, or with other issues. This is why every car company has examined it and chosen to not do it. This feature actually saved huge inconvenience for us once. While visiting the other coast for wife's mom in the hospital, we used one of her parent's cars to drive to the airport with her brother to drive it back. We get out at the airport, get luggage, hugs, bye, head into terminal -- with the key still in her purse. Car running, doesn't notify him until too late to chase. If it stopped after 2min, he'd be stuck somewhere outside an airport 100mi away from anyone he knew. Instead, he just drove it home, got & used the other key for a few days, and we mailed back the first key when we arrived. Things that seem reasonable at first.... The key has to be in it to start it, but once started, the key can go away and it will continue to run. (& yes, I still start my car with a key that is inserted, and mine also has a clutch & manual H-pattern 5-speed) Yes, but in my experience, ProtoLabs is the exact opposite of everything available for I also found that they aren't all that amenable to finding the most efficient route using stock material. E.g., on one job, I just wanted a stamped or laser-cut hole pattern in stock aluminum, so I specified the stock thickness in that field and commented in the notes what I was seeking. I got back a quote for basically CNC milling the exact part out of billet. Lovely, but completely unnecessary, and it didn't improve chatting with the rep. I would up fabricating the parts out of carbon fiber and CNC cutting the shapes/holes myself (all in-house). So, yes, I'd say that the Shenzen flea-market mentioned above could be really cool, is definitely not here yet, and is sadly unlikely... (Edit: typo, dropped words) This. The difference between individual human watchers doing surveillance, face recognition, etc. and at-scale watchers doing the same thing is key. The difference is no less than the old corner stores every few blocks vs Amazon's automated warehouses & shipping. An ordinary drive with a bit of speeding here and there everyday goes from perhaps a ticket or two every decade, to 6 tickets every trip. A meaningless wrong turn, I'm lost, let's look around and try to figure out where I am, turns from a non-event to a Suspicious Activity Report... Just because the laws are word-for-word unchanged, the scaling of enforcement technology transforms the identical laws into a completely different society and experience (just as other scaling technology transforms our experience in a positive way). This phenomena, as unintended consequences ("just trying to make the neighborhood safer...", but scaled 10^7), is perhaps as dangerous as Bostrom's AI warnings. Maintaining spontaneity is the criterai? It's not exactly spontaneous when an organized group of hecklers decides to attend an event with the specific purpose to disrupt it and interrupt or prevent the speaker's message from getting across. As long as events actually stay spontaneous, I doubt speakers/performers will be motivated to become early adopters of the tech. When attendees with bad intent or repeated bad behavior become too frequent, then it's actually maintaining spontaneity to filter them out. It's pretty easy to draw the line even using your spontaneity criteria. When a group of your sacred hecklers organizes to disrupt an event to the extent to the degree that it destroys the spontaneity of the rest of the audience. Believe it or not, many people attend events to hear the speakers, and interested members of the audience, and not some randos that want to monopolize the attention on for themselves. I suppose you're one of the people that is against ad-blockers, because they prevent those marketers from spontaneously changing everyone's internet experience? Yes, an obvious almost tautological suggestion, which often does not apply, and can actually increase the danger of situations even while technically reducing your chances of a ticket. I regularly drive on highways with relatively dense traffic all going 10-20mph above the speed limit; in these conditions, it is objectively MORE dangerous to attempt to go the speed limit. I've seen the whole pack drive right by a state cop at 80+, and he'll do nothing because just to turn on his lightshow will likely cause a major wreck. Outside of residential/school/congested areas with non-vehicular traffic & obstacles, it is NOT any numerical speed that causes issues, but the differential in speeds. Going too much faster -or too much slower- than surrounding traffic is what will cause accident situations (obviously, up to the limits of conditions, car preparation, driver skill & attention, etc.) The Autobahns are regulated as an excellent example of this. In rural areas very high speeds are permitted, and lane discipline is rigorously enforced. You'll get busted way harder for driving slow in the left lane than for driving 300kph. And, in the more congested zones, the speed limits come down. And the safety records exceed those of the 65MPH US highways. Speed does not kill, but rather driver ignorance does. A safe fast driver is better than an unsafe slow driver any day. And most US drivers are never taught even the basics of how to actually drive. I know otherwise very intelligent people who balked at taking their teens to driver safety & skills classes taught by SCCA and others (which objectively reduce accident rates) because they thought that teaching these skills (car control, balance, braking & turning at the limits, etc.) would give them wrong ideas... Sorry, I thought the answers you sought were obvious to anyone following the news. See [1], [2], & [3] for some examples, all of which involved organized groups doing premeditated actions to stop speech or disrupt a concert, in one case with mass murder. And of course TFA, about the serious premeditated security threats to a famous performer. It's apparent that we're talking about two different things. In your anecdata set, a heckler is apparently an over-drunk loud-ass in a comedy club. Sure, that's a "so what?" event. I'm talking about the much larger issue of actual premeditated and/or organized disruption, which does exist, even though you "have never heard of it". I'll agree that there are MANY good arguments to regulate and manage use of facial recognition tech, having to do with sound security (vs. security theater), individual rights & avoiding improper discrimination, general human rights privacy protections, and even maintaining normalcy as you noted in kind of an afterthought. However, your "spontaneity" reasoning is especially weak and unconvincing, despite your apparent feeling that it should trump all others. The ad-blocker comment was specifically a rhetorical analogy and definitely not intended as ad hominem; it is interesting to see that you took it that way (if I wanted to make an ad hominem argument, I'd say that the 'spontaneity' arg sounds like someone from a sheltered background who doesn't get out of their bubble to read news, but I don't bother with ad hominem arguments). For the "criteria for heckling?" question, I'd refer back to the previous answer, when a known person or group would disrupt an event to the extent that it destroys the spontaneity of the rest of the audience. Slippery slope? Likely, but there are obviously degrees, and easily recognizable ends where it's appropriate to exclude or not. I think we'd agree that shooting the performer would be very exciting, but quite out of bounds. Wearing a funny hat, as long as it isn't too tall so as to obstruct the view of those behind is in bounds. Stopping the performance, out... Stalking? out... I'm willing to recognize that there are both valid use cases, and arguments against, and that it needs to be tuned. [1] https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2018/05/22/manches... . [2] https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/volokh-conspiracy/wp/201... . [3] pretty much any event with Milo Yiannopoulos, some of which have nearly ended in riot. While I object to almost his entire attitude & view set & would likely agree with the protesters, when he's booked in and people want to come see him speak, they want to see him, not the protesters, and it seems to me that he ought to have the right to decide whether he wants them outside or in. Aaaaaannnd right there's the problem -- easier for the one or few developers, harder for the thousands or millions of users. Where are the tools for making streamlined sites easier to build? What happened to the old contest for teh best site in 5kb [1]? We need those brought back -- seriously. [1] https://the5k.org/ Google isn't getting a freepass, but they are sending their CEO up to testify, and he is apparently doing so truthfully. In contrast, FB is often sending proxies instead of the CEO, and when the CEO did appear, he was apparently not candid. Not sure if this rises to the standard of felony lying to congress, but if so, I'd not be sad to see Zuckerberg do time for that, considering the scale of damage he's foisted on our society. No. They've earned it over the last 70 years. China is making strategic practices of lying and cheating on every level, from small biz to strategic military issues, and they are vertically integrating all of it. At the small biz level, it is well known among anyone that if you let any IP visible to a Chinese partner, you should have the full expectation that it will be in your competitor's hands within hours, and you can expect to see your products being sold out the back door. At the larger biz level, it is a standard practice to demand that key IP is turned over to required Chinese 'partners' as a condition of doing business in the country. Backdoors have been engineered into both consumer and military hardware. China has been hacking everything from the US Office of Personnel Mgt (stealing info on every USG employee, including highly classified info on intel agents, & info on everyone that could be used to compromise them), to major and minor companies, to private citizens. China is continually and as a matter of policy expanding into and encroaching upon its neighbors from Tibet in the 1950s to the '9-dashed-line' in pacific waters today. I know many perfectly honorable Chinese people, and there are probably more of them than the entire population of the US. But, to regard official or business China as anything better than anything but a thief who will stab you in the back at the first opportunity is to be a fool. We in the west thought that we were exploiting China's cheap labor. Meanwhile, China was exploiting our myopic weakness for short term profits to seek massive strategic business and military advantage. This will go down in history as one of the greatest geopolitical blunders of all time. Their core functionality is to keep the confidentiality of its users. There is widespread available technology and know-how on how to do this successfully and consistently. Blind failed miserably at this fundamental task. Yet... >>Blind last month secured another $10 million in new funding after a $6 million raise in 2017 So the VCs are perfectly happy to dump millions into a company that is dishonest and incompetent (see also Uber, Theranos), while thousands of competent honest startups go begging. Provides a bit of background into why most VC funds struggle to outperform the market And the board let the financial wizard violate the old principle [1] of not taking a fence down until you fully understand the reason why it was put it up in the first place (i.e., don't assume that your predecessors were stupid just because you don't yet understand why they did what they did.) Really sad results there, throwing away a sound investment & body of know how, for worse results everywhere, and less safety for everyone. [1] https://www.chesterton.org/taking-a-fence-down/ Yes. I'm very eager to get to the point where we have self driving cars, even though I'd be categorized as an enthusiastic driver (daily driver is a h-pattern 5-speed, racing experience including championship wins, etc.). That said, if they were beta-testing in my neighborhood and actually hurt my kid or likely even a neighbors, they'd have a hard time keeping their cars running in the area. "Move fast and break things" is only valid in a few limited contexts, and is particularly invalid in any potentially fatal context. I understand the need for realistic data, but, their industry has already killed someone beta testing (yes Uber. not Google, but...) Actually, whether is "mean" or good depends on the competence of the person of whom the questions are asked. For a competent person, a few proper questions present an opportunity to better explain their proposition, thesis, or thinking, and an opening to a potentially great conversation. For an incompetent answerer, a few proper questions merely reveal the shallowness of their thesis and thinking. if they're smart, it'll be an indication that they should go back to the drawing board. If not, it'll just be an embarrassment, but informative to the questioner (as in, this person's ideas aren't worth more time). If your only goal is maintaining superficial social connections, then proper questions should be left out (and there are times where this is indeed the goal and so appropriate). If the goals are more broad, then ask away... The state actors who have the serious requirements to break into Telegram have zero care about the bug bounty. Moreover it is in their interest that the vulnerabilities remain in the wild. Meanwhile, the bug bounty contests are limited time, several times. Good for publicity, but hard for individual actors to capitalize upon (more likely to take on-and-off work over a long period). Just a guess, but it reminds me of a comment I heard a semi-pro poker player make about playing with amateurs (waaay casual amateurs, mostly playing to pass the time while traveling for sports competitions). He said that he was commonly surprised when he'd make a move that would be immediately seen by his peers as aggressive, or strong, and cause them to back off or fold, while with us, it just went right over our heads and we'd miss it entirely... Seems like lower-skilled players could simply not see some of the complexity that confounds a higher skill player, and an even higher skill player would handle. A sort of local minima anomaly for skill. Or, maybe like tho old saying: "Fools rush in where angels fear to tread". Obviously, the comments on Blind are not direct harassment, as you are not expected to read them, or can obviously choose not to read them. The point is that it provides: hard data about the whispering campaign going on behind your back, the conversations from which you are excluded. that the harassment does actually exist, and is not a mere allegation by you being paranoid. that other people can go verify the hostile attitudes and expressions for themselves. provides real, externally verifiable evidence of problems at facebook, not coming merely from the famous "disgruntled ex-employee" Stop trying to minimize serious issues (and if you do want to minimize them, at least make sound points that are better than trivial sophistry, a half step up from complaining about typos). Then you are part of the problem. Perhaps you might consider actually looking out for the struggles of other people and helping them, instead of just avoiding the uncomfortable issues. Exactly! Another one I missed Most decent CAM software has at least some simulation routines, which is helpful, but definitely not definitive. There can often be errors such as defaults that are bad in some situation that create a lead-in/out that tries to clear the tool, but actually digs the full length of it into the solid material, and this might not be noticed in the simulation. I've also frequently mocked up styrofoam stock material and run the entire toolpath through that, which can be very helpful, but again, not definitive. Ultimately, you need to just be really careful about the toolpath creation, and watch the first run like a hawk, which can take hours. Pausing and starting each new segment at a fraction of normal speed can help also. The cool thing is that once you've run the toolpath a few times and can trust it, you can almost start it and ignore it while the part gets made (note that the operative word is almost ). Even with the difficulties, when you have a good machine and some skills (and patience), it is quite rewarding what you can make! Cool -- just took a quick look, downloaded and I'll be trying it out soon -- thanks! This is yet another reason that FB should be transparent about adverts run on their system. In other media, all adverts are visible to all. FB should publish a searchable DB of every advert live, with parameters used and general info about purchaser. They would then effectively crowdsource the policing of the ad network. The Russian dezinformatsiya & influence campaign that they missed in 2015-16 would have been quickly flagged, to all of our benefit. Also scams -- all it would take is one motivated person with decent search skills to track it down. As it is today, a total black box, thousands of ads can run that nobody notices, and do real harm, and it's directed at the FB user base. Cool, looks like a good start! Can it be accessed via an API so that journalists can monitor activities of various groups? Any reason it is restricted to just political topics, and how do you expand or limit that inclusion? >>"The problem with an Everything Store is that there’s no way to organize everything effectively. The result is basically a giant digital flea market." I'd describe it instead as their search and filtering stinks, and it is not just Amazon. The first issue is that Amazon and almost everyone else seem to think that either we want, or it is in their best interest, to include in search results anything vaguely resembling the search terms. Perhaps sometimes this is nice, but the one thing that would help is: PROVIDE A STRICT BUTTON This would allow users to specify that the search items MUST include the specified terms. If it returns an empty set, fine, remove the STRICT criteria, or enter new terms. Simple. The author also touched on the issue that you can't find anything by a particular attribute (his example was a frame/matte of a particular size). This cannot be emphasized enough -- they really need a system in each class of products to extract and provide search/sort/filter on these particular characteristics. Ideally an AI-ish solution would identify attributes and list them. They could also simply require vendors to put up particular attributes, and accurately. It'd be REALLY nice if they had a usable API so we could setup our own search & select UI, but... The only ones I can think of off the top of my head are SpaceX and Tesla, founded with the missions, respectively, of making humanity a multi-planetary species, and accelerating the global use of sustainable energy technology. At least those are long-term goals, and larger than making a profit, if not necessarily responsive to all the questions in the article. I came here to say that largely excluding cars from city centers, along with a lot of other walkability/pro-socialization/human-scale-architecture changes is probably critical to reviving vibrant cities as they used to exist. Probably even better because there wouldn't be the problem of all the horse-poop. I genuinely think that this is the key to a new golden age of cities. So, on largely removing cars from cities, I'm with you. But seeing this top post about totally banning cars is absurd, even at the $1/mile proposal, and I'm all for radical steps to reduce climate change. You may have a zero mile telecommute, but most people have to move to where they work. Outside of the cities, a bike isn't even practical. I have a 25mi commute to my office, my spouse 35mi in the opposite direction. I even looked into a motorcycle for it's better mileage and smaller carbon footprint, but rejected it for too dangerous (& I've won championships in DH ski racing and sportscar racing). And I'm not even that rural -- others have longer daily commutes. Unless you've got another system that can transport this scale of people to this scale of locations, your proposal just sounds like an out-of-touch elitest. The key point here is both the last mile problem, and the centralized maintenance problem. Look at the massive commuter transport systems of Boston and NY areas. They are a rolling disaster, almost terminally unreliable, and yet most of the riders still need cars to get to the train station. The build-out to get everyone withing a mile walk of a train station would be insane, even if eminent domain weren't an issue. Sound great, but it's an insanely steep wall to climb. * Their main goal, and problem, is to exchange to & from other currencies. They'll be subject to their coin being a poison pill that causes any bank or exchange dealing with it to be sanctioned, risking their own access to SWIFT, etc. How will they attract miners when miners will face the same exchange difficulties? * Trust will be minimal, since it not only starts out as just another sh tcoin among thousands, but unless they are VERY transparent and do no pre-mining or take other excess rights/value available to coin-makers, who else would trust it? E.g., that Venezuelan coin, supposedly backed by oil barrels, has it done anything good? Even if they do get people to trust it, and get ways to exchange it, they'll certainly be target of state-level cyber-attacks if the currency gains any traction, and either a massive corrupting hack or a 51% attack could be even more devastating than having never started in the first place. I'm buying popcorn. My brother used a nice addition to this that worked quite well -- the message started with the obnoxious three-tone sound that usually precedes a failed call ("beeep-boooop-beeep this call cannot be completed as dialed..."), then just went into the "please press 3 to be connected to ..." Seemed to automatically take them off most lists pretty quickly. Hmmm, as interrupting to answer at the time has the additional overhead of task/context switching, I'd say it's more. If you just switch to/from the voicemail context once for 10 messages, the cost is only 10% of the cost for real-time answering. All this tracking is obviously one-sided. I might not mind it so much if I had access to sufficiently granular data to make it useful, such as automatic workout tracking. I'm sure they have the data and the AI to notice that I'm on foot/bike moving at a higher-than-normal pace and on one of my usual workout routes. Or, to provide nice detailed reports of my commute (min/max, variance, total time, etc.)... But no, the only data we get is rough, 'you visited store X yesterday, want to review it?', when I actually only visited the much smaller store nearby... There is already starting a backlash from this massively greedy -- in both data & money -- culture. It would not surprise me to see it overshoot and seriously cripple the industry if the participants don't become a bit more self-aware. Not entirely surprising that insurance company is attributing this to an Act of War. * Russia is actively pursuing an Active Measures (активные мероприятия [1]) political war against the west * Russian companies & persons charged by Mueller have actively used the defense in filing that their actions were Acts of War, and so not illegal. These defense claims have not yet been ruled upon, AFAIK. * The Russian govt, former KGB organization, Oligarchs, Russian Mob, and hacker community have effectively morphed into a single operation entity. Nevertheless, it is a bit of a stretch to consider a specific hacking event as part of the Active Measures war. Not that it is surprising that the insurance company tries it. They'll st least delay any payments. This may, interestingly, raise the stakes on any cooperation with such operations (e.g., being a funds conduit, renting out a botnet to deploy the malware) from standard criminal conspiracy charges right up to treason. Not sure if it will play out that way, but I wouldn't want to be the one testing the prosecutors' discretion, or the inclination of the NatSec organizations to get involved. Totally changes the risk profile of getting involved for those inclined to play around the edges. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Active_measures Indeed!! Some of us would like to manage our systems, and processes like backups, transfer to a new system, etc., in something resembling an orderly process. The very concept that architects, designers, &/or programmers think it's OK to just litter our systems with their stuff wherever happens to be convenient to them to code up this afternoon is no better than people just deciding to crap wherever they feel. When I see software doing this, I automatically downgrade them in my assessment of what I want to use going forward. The simple concept is that there are a few categories of storage used -- these should each be kept separate & independent, under the USER's control. Why is this a difficult concept? Program code, system-config, per-user-config, user data. A simple table of the default and user-overridden location for each. If you as a coder have a problem with this, I really have to wonder what other complexity you will handle badly. If this simple system is a mess, why would I expect other parts of your system to be any good? It seems that there are two conditions necessary for a better product to take over, which is what you are trying to acompish. First and most obviously, the new product needs to be objectively better in key ways that people care about, preferably multiple key ways. Second, the audience must be above some threshold of dissatisfaction with the current product. There must be a sufficient pain point for a sufficient part of the audience. It cannot be merely a "geez it might be nice if X", but an actual "damn, this is annoying...". And, obviously, your new product must address it. If there is no significant pain point, you have no chance of gaining any traction. Even if the switching cost is essentially zero, you have no real chance. Trying for a better HN? Maybe I'm missing something, but I haven't seen any big issues, nor anybody complaining about issues. So, I wish you luck, but it seems you may have put a lot of effort into something no one really wants; might be best to consider taking the huge amount you've just learned and pivot to a new target... Which is kind of what Ford did decades ago with the Pinto fuel tank & rear end design; not with patents, but with injuries & deaths. Kind of backfired. After several dozen people burned to death in what should have been unremarkable rear-end collisions, it was revealed that Ford had deliberately declined to implement redesigns for safety in favor of just handling the claims because they estimated the costs would be lower (to pay claims vs implement redesign). The subsequent cases set several precedents & provoked reforms. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ford_Pinto I made no claim that there was any more link than dealing with it as a cost-benefit calculation instead of properly sorting the problem up front. I was not implying any moral judgement transfer, only the similarity of bad results of failing to deal with issues up front. You are thinking of a different incident with their Trucks in the 2000s, not the Pinto issue from the 1970s/80s. Failure to get accurate information before spouting off is apparently also not new. Absolutely key ==> "Their “attention span budget” can thus be spent considering how your new thing can fit into their lives, rather than trying to recall ..." UI is all about minimizing user workload, and NOT requiring people to learn redundant knowledge. Take advantage of every bit of knowledge that they already have from previous systems. Every split second they must use to figure out your new way to do someting they already knonw how to do another way, is squandered and redundant. Eliminate it. Work hard to eliminate it, so that they can focus on your real innovation Note: even if you have actually figured out some truly better UI controls, they must be not merely noticeably better, but better by a margin that exceeds the cognitive costs of both the new learning & the ongoing disconnect from the main UI (and remember, they don't live in your app the way you do). E.g., the fad towards 'clean interfaces' with minimalistic or totally hidden hotspots may look prettier, but is a huge waste of user time and generates animosity towards the product. Just the example of Gmail hiding the Trash folder; I don't know how many times I've had to help people telling them that they need to scroll down, click on the "MoreV" word (not even transiently highlighted as a control), then scroll down again... I use it so little I've even had to Google it myself in a rush... That and 1000 other things are not an improvement, they are a waste of people's time for some design conceit. Of course, if you want to give off signals that your core product ideas aren't all that uniquely useful, and you need to create cute & costly UI differences as distractions, by all means, go right on ahead... If you have a real innovation, the best thing you can do is put zero redundant learning between your user and your key innovations. This trend of having new logos twisted into something repulsive may not be only a social or social media trend. Perhaps it is also the result of the current design fashion to create ever more abstract logos, seeking some ideal abstractions of the company/product's value proposition. The thing is, the more abstract a graphic is, the more open it is to new, and often repulsive, viewings. The original 1976 Apple logo [1] could not redily be mistaken or recast for much of anything other than Newton about to be hit on the head with an apple. The following logos are also pretty clearly the fruit, although the current one is getting pretty abstract. By the time you get to Slack's new logo, well, it's sufficiently abstract as to be essentially a Rorschach Inkblot Test -- anybody can overlay anything they want, and on Twitter, they will. Also, in these days of rapid change, adding yet another change, particularly to workplace items (as mentioned in the article), is just another piece of cognitive load that people don't need, and so will be a source of irritation, not pleasure. Tread carefully... [1] http://www.graphicart-news.com/interview-with-rob-janoff-the... There may even be a good coding analogy way to think of this. Consider that the user base already has a set of pre-installed libraries and callable routines for most UI functions. These were effectively created by MS and Apple by their design process, and installed in the user base by endless familiarization, then extended by Apple & Android on mobile devices. Those libraries are now well embedded and installed. Make calls into those existing libraries. Don't force the user to rewrite and reinstall new libraries (unless absolutely necessary). >>While the government says 10,000 transplants occur each year, hospital data shows between 60,000 to 100,000 organs are transplanted each year. The report provides evidence that this gap is being made up by executed prisoners of conscience. This indicates between 50,000 and 90,000 'prisoners of conscience' EVERY YEAR are executed and have their organs harvested. That is 1,000 to 2,000 people per week executed essentially for opposing the govt. Yet we continue to do business with this government and allow them into world trade and govt organizations as if they were somehow ethical or legitimate. This needs to be re-thought. Actually it is the law at every trade show I've ever exhibited at, just about to the point where you can't plug in anything without a union electrician doing it. One can usually get away with plugging in a laptop, but certainly if you need anything more than the single standard 10A 2-outlet power drop, expect to pay and wait for the official electrician (and they will kick you out of the show for violations). Edit: I've seen this at least in NY, Florida, California This new finding doesn't actually add much to my aversion, considering their past aggression against Tibet, internal mass killings before & during the Cultural Revolution, Tiananmen Square, their standard practice of IP theft as ordinary business... I fully understand that any purchase supports that govt. So yes, I already consciously and deliberately avoid purchasing any Chinese item whenever there is an option or I don't strictly need it. E.g., the laptop and MBoard in my desktop are from Taiwan, Phone for SKorea, etc. I check labels on everything from clothes to furniture, absolutely refuse to buy any food or drugs made there (nevermind boycotts, just avoiding toxicity). I also advocate against such dealings when I can. Treating this Chinese govt as if it were normal and legitimate will go down as a geopolitical blunder of historic proportions. Westerners think we're exploiting their cheap labor, while they are actually exploiting our myopic focus on quarterly profits above all, even strategic security. Plausible. I also didn't note the opposite, wondering how many are killed without having organs harvested and implanted, for whatever reason (disease, incompatibility, remote location, etc.). Whichever form of error is likely present, I'm still just stunned by the magnitude of these numbers. It really is the buried lede of the decade... Not surprising. I gave up a number of bevreges that I enjoyed after reading of a very interesting study. They were testing the effects of calories as liquid or solid. The subjects could eat whatever they wanted in the study, the calories of which were carefully recorded. Then they added 1750 calories/day of either liquid as soda or juice, or solid, as jellybeans. They then measured how much the subjects adjusted their other calorie intake (the groups all rotated through solid, liquid, control). When each group was on added solids reduced their intake of other foods by an average 1500 calories/day, negating all but 250 kcal/day of the extra intake (still a non-trivial addition, but...). When each group was on liquids, their change in intake of other foods was negligible -- essentially all 1750 extra calories per day was added to their 'bottom line'. The milkshakes & juices are missed a bit at the beginning, but it's definitely much easier to maintain weight than it used to be, and I've seen friends get even more spectacular results by merely cutting caloric beverages (one who used to have a case of Gatorade in his truck all the time lost so much so fast his wife thought something must be wrong and made him go to the doctor to get checked). I thought it was quite interesting, and hope some others do too... Indeed, as the article describes, it's not so much the stress of freelancing as the particular stress of billing by the hour. While I/my shop nominally have billable hour rates, some time ago it evolved into projects that are estimated as the rate of billable hours plus materials, but billed on a per-project basis. The project is due for the agreed amount, whether I spend the planned number of hours, twice that, or half that. This is decidedly less stressful for both me and the client. I still have the stress of meeting the schedule deadlines, but I no longer feel that stress described in the article of 'wasting' minutes I'm not productive. If I take a break, it may feel that the schedule is slipping, but it doesn't feel like losing an irreplaceable opportunity cost to earn $x in that 0.2 hours. The first caveat is that China's numbers are not the same quality as the numbers from open economies; while perhaps not entirely fabricated, they are certainly tainted by influence and non-standard accounting and reporting practices designed to make the CCP look good. More importantly, the key here is the trend. When there is both a large overhang of debt, and simultaneously slowing growth, that is a recipe for trouble. If the scale and scope is minor, it can possibly be managed into a 'soft landing'. If not, it could easily get out of control, and spiral into a liquidity crisis for that economy, and since there are so many links between economies, spread overall. The real question is whether this is just a blip in a very large and noisy environment, or if it is the crumbling of some critical supporting bricks in their economic edifice? If so, it was evidently with a lot of unsupported overconfidence. Clearly turned into a major demonstration of how it can not be used for a good conversation. I've found pretty much the same thing, just good for trading headlines & brief insights. Though, its constraints do cause me to improve the focus of some ideas to express them briefly and clearly, so that's a good exercise. It depends on the load, the surface, the jack, and the overall situation. For sure, many of the spindly jacks that come with small cars could be an issue. And remember, the jack is only lifting one corner (or side in some configurations), so it sin't the whole load. Even if it's iffy, I can easily envision a situation where the load is not massive but is still bulky or inconvenient to remove, or impossible to do so without equipment. So, yes, this feature would give me pause (maybe not a deal-breaker, but...) in contrast to an otherwise fantastic design. If you haven't yet, definitely check it out! Yes, users do lie all the time. So ASK, but do not ask direct questions (e.g., what do you want?). Instead, ask what are their problems, their pain points, and what items they rely on most. And OBSERVE -- watch what they actually do. What items they most rely upon (i.e., do NOT change that stuff if you can avoid it). These answers & observations can then form the basis of your solution, which should relentlessly focus on their needs (and not your own design conceits). Story from a friend who wrote & sold software into IT shops: When he asked "Do you like these features and would you buy this software?", he got all kinds of "Yes" answers, would write the package, and find few buyers. When he switched to asking (basically) "What are your pain points, what is aggravating, time consuming, etc?", then writing software to address those issues, he got plenty of sales and happy customers. It's the indirect question that matters. Indeed! Merely requiring that CallerID be authenticated will do little. If they also add large fines for spoofing, with strong & rapid enforcement, that may at least reduce the onslaught of 'neighbor spoofing' calls. They also need to add large fines with strong & rapid enforcement for violating the Do Not Call list. With this, there might be the basis for a set of apps allowing users to add numbers to blacklists that then just get routed to the bitbucket. It should be done at the network level by Verizon/AT&T, etc. let us subscribe to and augment the blacklists. YouTube is an amazing library, but you must absolutely know what you're looking for. The search algorithms have been cleaned up a bit in the last year, e.g., a search of "is the earth round" now pulls up a majority of actual astronomy vids debunking flat earth, but still serious junk in the top 10. But a year or two ago, it was 80%+ junk. Similar for Chemtrails. So they're making progress on the fake news. But the autoplay and recommendations just run off the rails in a hurry. These should just be shut down until they can put enough intelligence behind them to actually keep making sense (i.e., a very long time). But unlikely to happen, since autoplay generates more eyeball-seconds, and the costs of bad wormholes are external to Alphabet . . . ...6) Full transparency at scale. When someone buys an advert in a newspaper or TV broadcast, it is visible to anyone watching. In contrast, thousands of adverts can run in FB environment without anyone but the target able to see -- completely under the radar. Starting with #5 KYC, and adding a site where EVERY advert of every type is available for public inspection, along with its (verified) originator info and targeting parameters. This would allow all kinds of scrutiny by journalistic and public interest groups (e.g., researchers tracking hate groups, etc.). FB Is making a bit of a start at this publishing some ads, but until they get to the full transparency, it can't be trusted. The full transparency would also be a huge benefit to researchers. I'd also be happy to see it required as a regulation for all players, not only FB. Indeed!! Yelp specifically makes me glad that I'm in a B2B sort of business and not subject to their extortionate behavior. Great concept to reduce the losses in transmitting and converting energy, and reducing the weight, complexity, and cost of the wind system. But there are issues. 1) It takes a rather large system and stiff breeze, "a rotor diameter of 5 meters and a height of 9 meters – produced 3.5 kilowatt of heat at a wind speed of 11 m/s", ~25mph wind, to produce a modest heating output. that is the equivalent of two small 1750 watt heaters, which would barely heat a decent size room in cold weather. 2) The system is completely dedicated to heat production, and will be a waste of space over half the year. In the summer, most of the wind will be of essentially no use except for warm tap water. In contrast, you can use electrical generation any time. The best system I've seen of this was at a remote boarding school in Florida. On the roof, they had black serpentine pipes in flat black boxes with glass lids, so mini-greenhouses. In the utility area, they had large insulated water storage tanks. They could get the water to 180F, and had to warn people to be careful when using the tap or taking showers. Pretty impressive, and this was decades ago. One serious caveat about the "plants like more CO2" idea: The increase in CO2 strongly disfavors slow-growing old groth and established ecosystems, and favors fast growing plants, which are typically invasive species that take over and destroy established ecosystems, and reduce biodiversity. Per usual, the devil is in the details. I suspect you are right to ask this question, and have a few items that might point in the direction of an answer. Fuji water bottles are rectangular not only as a unique branding but in order to economize on space in shipping to reduce transport cost. Large lightweight items cost a lot to ship because they are lightweight and inefficiently use the vehicle. The ideal truckload is a full volume at the maximum carrying weight. So, compared to transporting loads of compacted glass shards, I'd expect that transporting truckloads of empty bottles could be not only high in monetary costs, but also CO2 costs. It is very cool. While he's possibly the first to think of it in a photography context, I have heard of an ice lens being recommended in a survival context -- fashion a lens to start a fire with the sun. I've had no idea if it is actually practical; I'm sure you'd need some very good dry & fluffy tinder. This photo experiment tilts it much further into the 'Plausible' zone. Interesting take. I'd ordinarily be suspicious of similar offloading of work. But in this case, my impression was that each brand owner would be the most knowledgeable & motivated agent in the ecosystem to seek & deactivate the counterfeiters. My biggest concern was that it could empower the brands to abuse the opportunity, and shut down competitors with false allegations of counterfeiting, like the fake DMCA notices for YouTube videos. At least Amazon is saying that they'll be monitoring for this; we'll see how they do. I also thought one of the most important items was buried in the text, a system to send special barcodes identifying product. I'm guessing it would be like a pre-authorization for shipments, so Brand X would send Amazon a database list of IDs tagged to production runs, and they'd send matching barcodes on the actual shipped product. Anything not matching the ID scheme would get rejected. Distributors could send product in with the IDs, and they'd match, counterfeiters would fail to match, even if they knew of the IDs in general. Seems good to me. The title threshold can go both ways. The title "Here's how we'll know..." is likely to be a higher threshold than an entity actually achieving consciousness -- one could be conscious yet not meet our threshold of detection. The author also mentions some events that might seem to indicate consciousness when none exists. Of course, the whole question is confounded by our lack of a good definition of consciousness. Yet, the tragedy the author raises, of pulling the plug on a conscious but 'locked-in' person who cannot make expressions, applied to a potentially conscious AI, brings home the question of 'when is it no longer just a machine'? Obviously they obtain benefit form employment. If it were multiple competing companies, the same output would probably require MORE employees. One of the ways it is so profitable is to implement economies of scale not possible in a less monolithic industry. You are failing to see that extractive business models such as monopolies do not add value, they extract value and concentrate it in the hands of the execs/owners. This removes capital from the socio-economic system/society and reduces the capabilities of the whole system to grow (the occasional purchase of a yacht does not rebalance things). Plus: * manufacturing * security-sensitive or military electronics The American MBAs proudly proclaimed the quarterly profits from outsourcing what they saw as menial and fungible manufacturing operations to exploit cheap labor zones such as China. Meanwhile, China has a longer view, including 500-year plans. They are strategically building the hard-won knowledge and processes to effectively and efficiently manufacture goods, and expropriating the IP for design. Beyond that, they are now manufacturing many mission-critical and eavesdropping-capable components used in our defense operations. So, while we think we're exploiting their cheap labor, they are exploiting our myopic focus on short term profits. This advantage squandered for a few company's short-term profits will be recorded as one of history's great strategic blunders. "superficially simple solution to a complex problems" --- Exactly this While it might initially seem a bit easier to remember words vs numbers, W3W is a non-solution in many ways, many nicely described in the article. Most critically, the W3W indicators have zero relation to actual geography. Adjacent locations have entirely different quasi-random identifiers -- there is no progressive gradation, and no indication whether two locations are adjacent or on different continents. It does not scale, and leaves us completely dependent on a data connection and their servers to navigate. There is also no way to figure it out from known principles. The entire system has many points of failure. With a street address, I can know which way to from seeing a couple of existing addresses; W3W - no way, need a data connection. With Lat-Long I immediately know what part of the world I'm in, and what direction I need to move to move to get closer to my target. A GPS unit, or a simple compass and map will work great. W3W -- zero clues, and need a data connection to them. Horrible, non-scalable, non-solution looking for a problem. Massive marketing attempting to overcome bad technology. Not OP, but I'd expect that it is because W3W is a basically a marketing campaign for a technology that doesn't actually solve a problem (or, more precisely, solves one corner of a problem while destroying many much broader solutions) Creating a knock-off that solves the OS problems still fails to recover from the broader problems that the W3W 'solution' provides zero ability to actually navigate without a continuous link to their server. A knock-off with better OS cred would still fail the same way. Yes, I agree that the article spends waay too much print on the lack of openness, and too little on the fact that W3W is just a bad idea that solves nothing. So, yes, if that was his only problem, he should definitely organize an open version. (it'd just be a bit less pointless) BTW, did you see this? Somebody posted it above and it is hilarious - especially the Vision, Facts, etc pages... http://www.what3fucks.com/ Right track here. Specific cutoff age? I'd say not. But I would think that we should require of candidates a full independent medical workup from an independent practice, such as [1]. The kind of nonsense reports we get from the doctor selected by the person currently occupying the PResident's chair are clearly farcical. (Of course, also beyond the bare constitutional requirements and the independent med workup, should be added: 2) minimal prior service as an elected official, 3) pass a standard HS Science & Technology test, 4) pass the INS Citizenship exam, 5) release a decade of tax returns, and perhaps a few other requirements that inform the citizenry of who is seeking the job... but what do I know, I'm just one of 300MM on the hiring committee) [1] https://www.mayoclinic.org/departments-centers/mayo-clinic-e... Indeed! Just a proper broad survey half-way deep would get us a lot further that we are now. My first impression is that a lot of personal relationships, kids, etc. can still remain private. But, yes, we really need to know about areas where a candidate could be compromised. E.g., the current occupant of the President's chair shows behaviors indicating that he's subject to significant kompromat. "To Pachikov (one of the founders), Evernote wasn’t just another app or a way to capitalize on Silicon Valley’s burgeoning obsession with personal productivity. It was an extension of the human mind itself that would let users remember everything." TFA made many good points about distractions into merchandise, missing the group discussion opportunity, etc. But the critical element that killed Evenote is it's unreliability and data loss/corruption. If anyone actually uses Evernote as intended -- the tool to extend your memory -- the sync and storage functions simply can NEVER lose or corrupt data. Absolute reliability is more critical than any other feature. Yet they failed on this one key function. My anecdata is that while evaluating apps for gathering info & taking notes, Evernote's feature list came out on top in nearly every comparison -- but it had significant reports of unreliability. Disqualified. Period. Never looked back and no regrets, especially since it is still evidently not fixed. Developers must distinguish between general usability features (e.g., supporting platform X or data format Y) and critical functions. General features will lose you some users, but you can get them once you get around to implementing. Critical functions failing or missing will keep people away no matter what you do, forever. And beyond that is the general damage you'll cause to other people's lives by, in this case, corrupting their highly valuable data and memories. On your opinion, Jeff Bezos and his security consultant Gavin de Becker would significantly differ. Just because a country is apparently remote, does not mean that they have no agency here, and vice versa. Globalization extends far beyond mere transnational corporations & supply chains. Even when there is not reason for specific revenge as in Saudi & Trump vs Bezos, govt/corporate espionage has a very broad array of useful targets, going well beyond military contractors & subcontractors. With a casual attitude like that, it'll be far too late by the time you realize that it has gone too far. Are you saying that punishments should be lighter because some criminals don't think things through? In some cases they already are, e.g., killing someone by accident or in a fit of passion vs a premeditated murder are usually charged differently. Beyond that, it seems not unreasonable to apply the maxim that "maybe you should stay in jail here as if you'd thought it through, so you might actually think it through next time...". Outstanding. And of course, on-brand. Well, that's a whole different discussion. Assume that the criminals are 100% irrational, random, and not influenced by external inputs; even then, inprisonment has a value to society of containing the possibility of bad actions by those bad actors during the prison term. The fact that the recidivism rate is far less than 100% also tells us that criminals are not 100% random, irrational, and unresponsive to external inputs. A significant number do actually rehabilitate, whether by taking advantage of counseling, rethinking their choices, or simple fear of re-inprisonment. So yes, it seems that until we come up with something better, making the system more accurate is the way to go. Even as a US citizen, at this point, it is my policy to never leave the country with a device & set of data that I wouldn't mind losing at customs. Even though I have an essentially absolute right to re-enter the country, my hardware apparently does not, at least without potentially being detained for an extended period. So, burner phone and pre-wiped laptop if I need it, all powered down. If I need any files while away, store them in a secure Box or other account before crossing borders. At this point, it seems like just a necessary evil extra expense in time and money, and a good idea for other countries, although it sadly seems that the US is now the fast follower of Russia, China, etc, in terms of repressive practices. They would be the set of assholes who: 1) decided to move the engines forward making the aircraft dynamically unstable, but improve performance and potential sales 2) decided to counter the instability with a software system (MCAS) based on a single sensor, with zero redundancy or fail-safe mode, AND make a second sensor an optional extra cost for the airlines, AND bury the whole thing in a poor UI, in short: cheaping out on a band-aid fix to a critical problem of their own creation, to maximize profits 3) decided to evade normal requirements to make the airframe a new classification, so that airlines wouldn't need to spend money on retaining and separately qualifying pilots for the different airframe, again to reduce apparent costs of the new airplane and increase sales 4) minimized the training on the MCAS system and require no new training when they made changes to the system. AND make the MCAS system automatically re-engage, based on the single sensor to reduce customer costs 5) ensured that this cascade of bad decisions got implemented through the FAA and rolled out globally. The effect of all of this was to overlook and minimize critical flaws in a complex human flight system, and do so in order to maximize sales and profits over safety. They killed 346 people already, and nevermind the economic knock-on effects. No, I'm not going to hunt back and provide a link to every bit of analysis I read gathering the above facts. It is all recent, non-obscure, and very google-able. Yes, bad engineering and management decision that kill people will tend to get folks a bit riled up. This is a good thing. While this forum should indeed emphasize facts and intellectual argument, this is not a peer-reviewed journal, it is a forum for humans to discuss issues, and we should also keep here the human perspective on engineering. I'll have to track it down but from what I'd read, the change in handling characteristics was that once the airplane started to pitch up, the pitch-up forces would increase, making a stall much more likely if you didn't keep on top of it. So, yes, if you;re actively flying the plane and staying on top of your trim & pitch, keeping it in the middle of the range is just a bit different. But, if it gets out of hand, it gets progressively worse at an increasing rate, which is what MCAS was apparently designed to prevent. Of course, if they'd designed the MCAS with multiple redundant sensors, as well as integrating other data (thrust, accel, GPS trajectory, pilot inputs, etc.) into a complete image, or at least a solid series of sanity checks on then applied it, it could have been a great advance. Instead, they cheaped out, with the result that they added to the design a single point of failure. The result, within a year of its rollout, is 346 people dead. At this point, considering China's all but official policy of stealing IP by any means possible, any large company not being hacked by the Chinese should be asking: 'what are we doing wrong that the Chinese hackers are ignoring us?'. Great concept. Devil is in the details. Imagine it is you or your business, looking at a situation where a loophole will give you a truly consequential big tax savings, maybe 30% of the annual top line income (for you, your company, etc.). It is perfectly legal. What do you do? OK, now your company is involved in something that promotes general good, social welfare, clean energy, etc. You are at the edge of survival, and using this legal loophole will make the difference keeping you alive for the next year, and actually help poor people or endangered species? Or, you are merely in the finance division of an ordinary company, with a responsibility to deliver maximum shareholder value and maximum profits to go to employee bonuses, and your job depends on properly and legally maximizing income and avoiding taxes? While it's easy to proclaim from on high "do what was intended", the actual situation is quite different. The only solution is better laws, without the bugs, or laws written for situations (such as transaction taxes) that aren't so bug-prone. Yes, there is that too... Sure the current ~250Wh/Kg LiIon battery tech gets many jobs done that could not be done with earlier battery technologies. That is not the same thing as saying that further improving the technology would accomplish nothing (as seems to be implied). Gasoline is about 10X that at 2500Wh/Kg (albeit also requires carrying around fuel storage tank(s) & a combustion engine, which is only ~40% efficient on a good day). Getting battery technology up to nearly those energy densities would completely revolutionize everything. Current phones would have 1-2 weeks of battery life, or you could power a pocket workstation (if you could cool it). Ordinary multirotor drones would fly for hours instead of 15-30min. Electric airplanes would be quieter and more efficient.... the possibilities are nearly endless.