The equation is provided on the same page. It is using the Heaviside step function which allows you to piecewise define the curves and add them all together. The main change from the Jeopardy competitions is they don't need to find an answer in under a second. So you can probably reduce to computitional capability significantly. I know Citi Bank has a disposable credit card number feature though their website. You had to log into your credit card account to use it. Is it a one person car? How long did something like that take you to do? Seems like best to stay away from Walmart. I doubt it costs Cisco anything extra because they probably need the distribution rights for other products they develop (for example WebEx.) Besides it a good PR benefit for them with minimal incremental cost. This question seems totally unreasonable for the length of any technical interview I have taken or conducted. Most interviews run under an hour and focus on multiple topics. Its rare you can focus on one question more than 10 minutes. The rule of thumb I use is that if I'm picking a question as an interviewer, I make sure I can answer that question in 1/3 the time I plan to give to the candidate. Given the pressure that they are under, I expect to owe that that much. Right now I'm browsing HN while eating at my desk. What is the fewest number of moves than one can lose a game of chess assuming the losing side is trying to the worst possible. Better deal than $3 billion for a company that makes thermostats. I'm guessing this is not an engineer designed product. I can see there will be a lot of technical issues to solve. Also the kind of connectors displayed can easily cost hundreds of dollars if they are custom made. FPGA are still more costly when compared to ASIC in large volume. Some of these high end FPGA can run $1K to $10K assuming you have even access to them due to their limited availability. Probably a fire code violation if a power loss prevents you from opening the door to escape. The whole point of that API is crowd source collection of data so everyone can benefit. If electric cars are already a good deal do we still need to have tax incentives? But why restrict the gov't ability to provide free online filing. If TurboTax can provide an alternative that is better then they can still make money by providing value. Are you old enough to remember the dot com bubble and bust? School of hard knocks VC investment don't guarantee a return. The market has decided that the company is worth little. The language color forth does this. atwood's law They are tax payer subsidized. I'm living in one of the top cities in the Bay Area and they don't yet cover there. Amazon already allows DRM free publications to be emailed into Kindle devices. My point being they are stating that their service is available to 137M people. The bay area is one of the top population centers in the US so I'm surprised they say they can get 40-50% coverage. I have gotten DRM free books from O'reilly's, Informit, Peachpit and Apress. Although all technical books, they are all major publishers. The MorphOS license cost 3x more than the value of my old G4 laptop. The ones with the "P" flags are prefail indicators that the controller manufacturer thinks will indicate failure. When value goes below threshold, it sets a SMART prefail status indicator that the host controller can poll. Unfortunately for SATA there is no way for SSD to interrupt the host controller to give such a warning so you need some kind of monitoring software to periodically poll the SMART status. Your drive looks in good shape in my opinion but thinks can always change suddenly so always backup. Are "logistics" companies valued higher than other industries? What is the name of this game? I thought research was funded through grants and sports was self funding? Accounting seems to something that is easy to offshore. Two companies I've worked at moved the low level accounting tasks to India and Macao respectively. Much of it is mechanical in nature and once the grunt work is done you can have someone local crosscheck it if needed. Would be interesting to see their BMI. People always say BMI is not a good indicator for athletes. Does "end-to-end proof of implementation correctness and security enforcement" mean there is zero change of a bug or security flaw? My Citizen Eco-Drive gets charged through solar power in daily use. It is one less think I need to charge on a daily basis. Make sure to subtract the extra labor cost of doing all these measurements and the loss of customers in implementing this policy. What about wheelchairs, service dogs and baby carriers brought on board? You need to put up some examples of what can be done by this service. Something visitors can interact with without registering is ideal to convince them to register. This problem exists at all levels of governmental agencies if you ever have to interact with them. Even been to the DMV? Driving takes 2 hours at peak commute hours. Lots of issues will need to be worked out for this to be viable. 4 layers minimum (ground, power, 2 routing planes). High pitch TSOP and BGA need tight pitches and traces. The width of traces and spacing and dielectric material need tight tolerances for impedance control for signal integrity. But they are not asking for much of an investment so it may be worthwhile to try it out. Why don't you write some up yourselves to improve the situation. So does the rest of the companies along the delivery chain. Yes you do get charged for incoming calls and text. However most wireless carriers are now pushing plans with unlimited talk, text and data. We don't get much SMS spam in the US. An audience of one. What about on a piece of paper? In front of a computer. How would do in code reviews? You can state your concerns to the interviewer to see if they can accommodate. I'm guess in expensive cities, the occupancy rates will be higher since visitors are more likely to look for deals. There is a large variability in the water for fresh coconut. You have to pick it at the right point. In the costal areas of India there are considerable amounts of coconut trees. Its not uncommon for a family with a moderate lot to have dozens of coconut trees. When I heard the words Goldman and Arbitrage, I was expecting the worst. This is not going to solve the pestering problem because there are far more homeless than the needs for fonts. I've been seeing 3 large manufacturing buildings being constructed on highway 580 a mile away from the Tesla plant. I wonder if Musk is considering those as a possibility. Is there any money in twitch except through acquisition? Good thing it is no 65536 plaintiffs or the 16-bit counter will overflow! Many times people whose family were poor don't have access to the opportunities when they are young to make a better a better life for themselves when they are older. It is probably the demonisation of fat that pushed people to consume excessive sugar. That should be clarified as an 8 year warranty on the battery and drive train. Investment banks have people working 100 hour weeks? This is like 14 hours every day a week with nothing else other than eating and sleeping. I don't think I've ever done anything that grueling in silicon valley. What about the charging cable? People also get different "interpretations" from different doctors. Is it expensive relative to your income? What was your mix of loan grades? Did you have any grade A loans default? Most landlords have a loan and haven't fully paid for their property. If the property goes into foreclosure, do you want to owner to go to debtors prison until they pay off their debt because obviously is the banks/investors money? Fact is as a property owner you have gotten certain concessions from society and similar ones are given to renters. How do these systems work if there are not enough stations to return your bike? He makes average assumptions about car ownership but then makes optimistic assumptions about UberX. Like no surge pricing, productivity and wait times. The biggest thing is of course Uber is available in a few cities. Places like SF and Manhattan it might be convenient since everything is nearby but in LA and Silicon Valley everything is spread out. How much extra power do you consume to run such a system 24/7? This is different that what we have been told which is to reduce fat and eat more whole grains and vegetables. You are saying that we just need to restrict our food choices. If you scale this to an average person making $50K a year, it would like a $5 fine. Now everything wrong about my LG tv makes sense! I don't see any negatives to having these body cameras for police officers. Not even in terms of costs since reduced lawsuit litigation and settlements so counteract that. You cant do "add fare" like in the bay area BART system make up the difference? Why do they do the IPO in the US with a highly regulated financial industry? I seemed to have read that in such contradictions, these ambiguities are resolved in the favor of the one who didn't draft the documents ie the employee in this case. But i'm also surprised HR wouldn't discuss with their legal counsel. Anyone know the medium amount an Uber driver makes? They only give the max. What exactly do you develop with Common Lisp? Are any of these software tools available as open source so I can see the advantage of using Lisp? What is this... a radio for ants? But seriously speaking, at the frequencies used, I'm guessing it is meant for some bluetooth application? I wonder what should happen if the driver is severely allergic to dogs? How would this be resolved? It is also because being a doctor is considered high status in India. Higher than lawyers, businessmen, engineers. Also they also command a high income. So what you did of offering a tip is more of an insult. The government hospital can be poorly run and unsanitary and most people who can afford it go to private ones. I guess still better than nothing. The best thing you as a customer can do in these cases is if you find a good cleaner, work with them directly instead of through Homejoy. Then you don't have to pay for the middle man. It would probably be easier to work with state legislators to change the laws. Why the exception for Lake Tahoe? They are not employees of HomeJoy. Hopefully they can work out the kinks under the US is ready to adopt it. I seem to remember something similar but used a C like language. Because the more contractual arrangements they have the more the start looking like employees. FedEx is dealing with this right now with their contract workers. They are independent contractors so whatever they do on their own time is their own business. Mostly they are trying to build a business without taking any of the responsibilities. Corporations always manage to openly defy laws and survive with a slap on the wrist. Here is the best I can find on the clean air standards. I think pushing taxi companies to use hybrids, all electric, natural gas vehicles, etc. http://www.sfmta.com/about-sfmta/blog/sf%E2%80%99s-taxis-can... I think nothing will turn them around. Look at all the local bookstores and video stores that are gone. There are lots on online DIY electronics websites. Want cheap cables got to monoprice.com. Times have just changed for Radio Shack. A lot of what you mention above are niche activities that will not substain them much longer. I don't know where you find candidates that can even approach this level of skill or desire to solve puzzles. Most people I interview struggle with a few lines C program coding. What are the major changes from the 1st edition? I had bought the old one just a few months back... Firmware engineers. Basically C programming and working close to the hardware. Some examples of coding questions I've asked in the past: reverse a string in place. Ones count of an integer. I'm testing if they understand pointers and bit manipulations for example. These should be answerable in 5 minutes max in 5 lines of C code. The incorrect answers candidates generate surprise me. A Nest thermostat is quite expensive if think about it. An average Honeywell thermostat is maybe $50 while a Nest is $250. Also the cylindrical design of the Nest is a little easier to manufacture. No water shortage except for small settlements that don't a well defined water rights and agreements. Mostly cities are asking us to cut back on watering our lawns and our rates have gone up a little. We for example got rid of the lawn in our back yard. We plan to grow a flower and vegetable garden when things improve. I'm guessing they are no longer around? I'm guessing the joke that that a "score" is an obscure unit of measure. I wonder if a second stationary cell phone can be used to do differential GPS and cancel out some of errors? I don't see how this betting scheme can be of advantage if each game round is independent of the previous. Plus many casinos put a maximum bet limit anyway if you could somehow make it work. I know many compilers use this optimization. However I recently used this for the case where the divisor was a variable but restricted to a few possible values. I expanded it to a switch case statement where each possible divisor was expanded to a constant value allowing for this optimization. For this processor, there is no hardware divide so this made for significant performance gains. I have a drink maybe once in three months. I though I was unusual given so many people around me drive much more. Now I realize I'm closer to the medium. I believe Consumer Reports should redo with a 4 point bending test to end this controversy once and for all. Then we can compare all products on equal footing. 3 point loading puts peak moment at one point while 4 point distributes the moment over a wider area to find the weakest point. You can do a simple statics analysis to show this. The only innovation I need right now is improved battery life. If I could last a week of normal use without needing to recharge I'd be quite happy. I've been tracking the U6 unemployment rate which is much more pessimistic and it is also tracking down steadily. http://portalseven.com/employment/unemployment_rate_u6.jsp Interesting but who generates the other two graphs and what is their source of data? Compaq and Packard Bell. The two company challenge. Looks a lot like the ARM architecture. I guess people are wealthy enough to spend this kind of money on a collectible (or get worn out if you actually use it.)? Marc should know about monopolies. Microsoft started giving web browsers for free to undercut Netscape's business model. Once your competitors go out of business, you would be free to raise your prices. BART station is directly next to the terminal. Exit at Embarcadero station. Most of the BART stations in SF are walking distance of each other. You can actually walk from there to the pier with the Alcatraz ferry if you feel like it. Make sure you get a ticket for Alcatraz ahead of time as it runs out fast. Another option is stop at Montgomery station and taking a cable car to the piers. Also get a city pass you if want to visit multiple things in a day and save some money. http://www.citypass.com/san-francisco Can you provide a link to this? New trademark under consideration... KDE :) You still need analog engineers for SoC chip design including voltage regulators and detectors, PLL and clock generation, IO pads. Sometimes competition with lower costs lead to a race to the bottom in quality where you cannot even buy anything of the former quality even at higher prices. You will see carriers nickel and dime you everything that was previously included. I think more recent space missions use special radiation hardened Power PC processors. But the fact that very few people are skilled at it makes it hard to use in practice. They should call it a "Scooty Puff Jr". yes, tax payers should fund publishers for free. plonk. What is the impact on Yosemite if I don't actively use AirDrop. Does it still cause WiFi issues? I'm not clear on the severity of the issue. Wonderful! Just last week, Samsung did an update on my phone software and installed the Uber app automatically. Glad I removed it after that. That is what we did in California. We started capping the rate of growth of property taxes. Now old people and companies pay little property taxes since they bought the property long ago. Meanwhile the young people usually end up paying the bulk of the property taxes (along with sky high mortgages.) I really loved this. Are there anything else similar elsewhere? Can you cite your sources? A lot of the salary and pension information for California public employees is available online anyway for people to decide themselves. For example, the follow is pages of people who make 6 figure pensions. http://transparentcalifornia.com/pensions/2011/university-ca... I don't know of any 401K plans that can top these numbers. I was wondering why they would need employee negotiations until I realized this was in Finland. In the US, you would come in one day to work and you badge would no longer work! Where do you live? Do you use electricity for heating? I'm in California and for a 1500 sf house, it costs us roughly $600 in electricity and $600 is gas per year. This actually an old house with some insulation. I think it would be more efficient for me to improve the insulation and water heater/furnace before even considering solar panels. I wish they would subsidize these other improvements as much as solar panels. They could start testing this on our governmental representatives first to measure the impact. The legal process can move very slowly in India. It can take a decade for trials even for crimes with solid evidence. On rescheduling, the candidate should also be considerate of the interviewer. Too many times, candidates have scheduled a interview for early morning (because they don't want to take time off from their current job) then while I'm driving to work early, call 20 minutes before to say they are "sick" and cancel. If you feel you are getting sick, try to cancel much earlier so as not to inconvenience others. Please no personal attacks. What would happen if there is no water in the reservoir and you turned on the heating element? The Google News website doesn't show any banner ads. I just donated... I use them all the time to look up old computer magazines from the 90s. So you are saying that Google should be charging the sites money since it brings them ad traffic? Look how many computer magazines are available: https://archive.org/details/computermagazines Here is something from Fortune magazine: http://fortune.com/2014/12/11/google-russia-engineering/ Where can I find out about what information is monitored (ie the Event ID information.) I still see tight hardware constraints now. Until '10 I was working at a company that made flash CF cards which used 8-bit processors. 32K of SRAM and 64K of code space with bank switching. Every clock cycled mattered. Hand coded division operations. 32-bit integers are a luxury. Even wrote some self modifying code for an inner loop that boosted performance by 25%. Nowadays that company is using ARM processors but you still hit constraints (usually memory) not seen on PCs and servers. Yeah low-level programming was why I have been working on firmware for a long time. But working on truly resource constrained systems can get old. Instead of really solving the problem at hand, you have to work on quirks and idiosyncrasies. I'm glad that we are now working on 32-bit processors. I wish there was a good book on GPU architecture and even micro-architecture. I just like reading about this stuff and how they work. I think they submit the sequence description file to that website and capture the returned image. I was reading an article that until recently, iPhones cost less in Russia vs the nearby EU countries so there were lots bought in Russia from other EU countries. I wonder how to do this with engineering that requires deep knowledge. At my work we have SoC designers, layout, analog designers, board layout and firmware among the engineering departments. I don't think we can even rotate within the engineering departments as everything is so specialized. Really good candidates will have multiple offers and given equal choices of companies, will choose those which make them not run through hoops. Yes but by doing this they have shifted all the risks to the candidate. Unless the company is super hot or they substantially compensate financially for that risk. So if two companies gave similar perks but one required you to jump through hoops, which one do you think a majority would consider? Regarding roundabouts I personally find them confusing since they are not common where I live but I wonder if the main benefit of a roundabout it that the curve forces people to slow down instead of gunning through a yellow/red light. But you are supposed to tip even poor taxi drivers and waiters. But how often do people use cabs in Manhattan? If you used it say twice a weekday then that is like $10K a year on cabs alone! How much does it cost to live there? Like that guy who is running a grocery store? Seems like he could spend his whole day with browsing the web given the customers to expect! Will Intel build any NUCs with these chips? I was thinking of buying one with the current generation and would rather wait if they have any plans. Lower power would be nice for the energy savings and reduced fan noise. I'd like to get one of these as a Linux home server. I'm presuming you are talking about Google? Why can't they then just hire in their offshore offices then? Can you elaborate of what you think would have changed? You can still run LISP on x86 hardware. They should call it the "Thorium Brotherhood". Imaging a $1M salary being common in 40 years! How does on balance the lower salary with the increased equity in making a decision? Beyond some low value, the IRS expects you to get an independent evaluation of fair market value for tax deduction. I'm sure you would get audited otherwise. Funny I know electrical engineers names Bernard, Alfred and Eugene all from the same company... 1. Often non-technical people have not the skills and experiences in being good managers to lead engineering teams. 2. Having strong technical skills (engineer or programmer) and then moving into middle management can often help you get buy-in from those above and below you. They may look up to you, ask for your guidance or defer to you decisions. It comes from the early x86 processors not having an "no-execute" permission bit for page table entries. In the AMD64 bit architecture, an NX bit was added. Well the iron fish does solved the issue of medical compliance. What good are iron pots or pieces of iron if the villagers not follow the advice. Can it do 4 layer PCBs? Probably the most important thing missing. Then why not just stay fully in Switzerland? It was mentioned by someone here or on Reddit previously that there is a lot of financial bets going on on whether RadioShack survives or not. In many cases in the past those who are betting that they survive have given RadioShack a lifeline in terms of loans and financing in order for them to survive so that the investors win their bets. I'm sure this is still going on still and it is no longer a question of fundamentals for RadioShack and rather a high stakes power game in the financial markets. Can people in now go to India on medical tourism and get the treatment much cheaper? I feel if companies want to operate globally then consumers so be able operate globally. There are certainly issues of concern and needs to be improved. There have been recalls and bans elsewhere also. Ultimately though given the state of the medical industry in the US, if the only choices are get in insurmountable debts or die due to lack of medical care, a third option of affordable medicine and some small risk might be worthwhile. It is coming to an era where becoming the middle man is where the money is at. You basically get a webpage, some customer traction and take a 20-30% cut of the transaction. Yes, kind of like in the cable and cellphone industry. Kind of explains why they bought Mojang for Minecraft! How many employees does IBM even have in the US anyway? Except for a few research or sales divisions, I'm sure very little is left. I though it was $1B is sales. Instead it is just valuation. Maybe something related to Windows 95? Unions allow for a "cocky educated" technician. I was once trying to compare US unemployment to other countries but was not sure which "U" statistic is closest to how others measure unemployment. Anyone has an idea for example within the EU? I don't think many dental coverage plans cover orthodontics for adults and the cost can be significant. Gyroscopes or acceleratometers? How many axis? Why do you think real estate is unaffordable is some parts of the Bay Area? Some people are getting sky high pay and bonuses. Never heard of craftmanship.net. They have lots of other interesting articles! Not sure where you are located but did you try community college? In some states they are quite subsidized. A vast number of recruiters are not in-house recruiters so they will never have most of this information anyway. I know someone who has a last name "I". His first name starts with H so his work email address was hi@company.com. Wow I didn't know there was a website where people talk about all the things they carry around... If you enjoyed watching, it might be an ASMR effect. How many weeks of the year does she work as a high school teacher? It means they were too lazy to dig up better statistics for the US. A lot of the C programming opportunities come in firmware development. It doesn't all require working with kernel modules or EE. Think of things like Nest, fitbit, etc. You could get an ARM microcontroller board and build up some gadget with it to see if the work interests you. A good way to get Safari Books Online is to join the ACM organization. You get a subset of Safari and other bookstores for around $100 a year. There maybe others with the same deal. Sure but the full version starts at $399 per year. If you only occasionally read the books that the $100 might be a better deal supplemented by buying specific books you really want. 4KB random writes should have a WAF of 2-7 depending on over provisioning and assuming random writes. But real workload are not purely random so it will be better than that. Maybe the correct incentive structure is to give the employees a meaningful percent of shares given that someone would choose $5K towards base salary over whatever pitiful shares the offered. They way you funnel it into the economy makes a difference. It could also be spend on infrastructure, education, heath care. The word "tech" has lost all its meaning now... basically if you do anything online your are considered a tech company. So how does it work in reality? Do big companies violate these directives? Do the regulators fine them? What is DFJ? I thought that the finance sector taking on too much risk is what led to the 2007 financial crisis? They would invest in things with less or no collateral to pledge. I couldn't find a list of actual tests that they run. Is it in there somewhere? Until there is a flaw in the offsetting positions and everything collapses in a heap. How is the US faring? Are we as linked to China's bubble? There is a public available database of all H1B visa recipients. Includes the company, hire date, salary, etc. It might be mandated by US federal law. I don't have the link on hand at this time. Another anecdotal is that I used to get allergies due to dander, pollen and dust for the first 20 years of my life. Without changing my diet, things greatly improved for me. I presumed I had been exposed to so much that I eventually built up immunity. I personally use whiteboard coding tests. If a candidate prefers, I am okay with paper or code editor but I don't allow book or internet use. I don't penalize for syntax unless it indicates gross misunderstanding of the language. I usually ask questions that typically require 5 lines of code and under 10 minutes of effort. For calibration purposes, I expect myself or other coworkers to solve the problem in 2-3 minute. Most candidates fail in these basic coding tests. I also don't use obscure puzzles. I used them when I was starting out interviewing but have long since given up. Puzzles are usually solved by those who heard them before or are very strong candidates but that is pretty rare. In my industry github is not common because all code is proprietary. I don't want to penalize those who use their personal time for non coding activity. I do ask people about their roles and experiences. A lot of time people exaggerate their contributions and skills in their resume. Even with a basic query on their resume, you can find out they don't know much. Often the work was done as part of a team where they had minimal contributions. What about those who already have a job? And unless the company is hip, the really good candidate accept one of the half dozen offers they already got. I do that by going to Costco much as possible. My own experience from a few years back. I had relevant skills for some technology they were ramping up and got an call from them 1 hour after I submitted my resume. Next day did a phone screening and they wanted to interview me in person. The interview was for two days with 18 people. Most were coding and problem solving questions with engineers and then some management. I did correctly one all questions except one I got incorrectly and one I stumbled a bit. In the end I didn't get the offer because I was not enthusiastic enough. Apparently because I also mentioned I was interviewing at a startup. Honestly I felt I could contribute more to the startup than be a cog in the wheel at a big company. In hindsight the startup was more lucrative for me as an individual... A couple of reasons like inadvertent patent violation, to prevent clones, more closer to customer. The problem with this method is it requires lots of sales and support staff and they all want to focus on the big customers with huge run rates. So if you are a someone with a big pocketbook they will wait on you hand and foot. Anyone else is just not worth the time. Mild weather and tolerance/support of homelessness tends to draw more in. How do you know they are local? Based on statistics? What do you define as local? If they have been here for 5 years is it local? In this case the issue is not that it is HARD but that they don't have people with the right experience in their team. Also in pure software projects, you can cover for your mistakes with personal sacrifices and working crazy hours but with hardware, some mistakes really cost money. I also see a login required on websites so they can monetize their customer base. For example pinterest or Houzz. Both websites should be able to operate without login. Companies have multiple definitions of profitability which they use for the desired effect. Hipster - a person who follows the latest trends and fashions, especially those regarded as being outside the cultural mainstream. They could have just put it in the compost or recycling bin like the rest us. I think this method doesn't work in all situations. For example in embedded programming. First there are not many of those who actually work in this field so unlikely to just meet up with them. Most are stabily employed. Secondly, there is lots of proprietary hardware and knowledge. Third, hard to work on a trial job when you are already working. Lastly there are a good number of people who are just not skilled enough and will waste your time during the trial period. It makes them look bad. An anecdotal case of the worst candidate I interviewed. He was friends of our VP. He had an engineering degree from UC Berkeley. Over 20+ years, he was a consultant for firmware development at 28 positions. The non technical portion of the interview went great and I said I wanted to ask a few coding questions. He was really resistant and used all kinds of excuses. I told him to humor me and code something simple like draw how a linked list works and how the to write the insert function in C. At the point I was totally caught off guard. He knew not a single like of C syntax and just made things up. He didn't understand the concept of pointers at all. Later when I talked with my co-workers they had the same feedback. He didn't know how to program at all. We wondered how he consulted at 28 companies for the last two decades! I think his average stay was maybe 9 months which is not unreasonable for consultants. My guess is they were all charmed by the CV and didn't interview him thoroughly enough. We do all development in 95% C and 5% assembly. While not with him, I have given people chances at other times and they fail miserably if they don't have basic C programming skills. I don't think they are a tech company. Also I hear that computer automation is taking out the low hanging fruit in the legal profession like sifting through massive amounts of documents. I personally like to do gardening, home improvement, spend my time with my family over the weekends. My normal work time keeps me deep into coding and I just don't want to do 100% of my week. "Reverse polish notation" is postfix notation where the action is last. For example Postscript or Forth. Lisp is prefix notation where the action is first. You also have to pay taxes on worldwide income and maintain a residence if you keep on doing the 6 months deal. I don't think anyone becomes an US resident to dodge taxes. What about the lack of bug and security fixes for XP? How do you deal with that? It is kind of like when you have a power loss while writing to a file system (like say FAT32 or EXT2) and when it comes back up you have to do a fsck or equivalent. If something gets messed up it may not come back in an consistent manner. Something similar happens at and SSD level. One of the most complex aspects of an SSD to implement and test. I see a new feature for SATA called Rebuild Assist becoming available to help reduce the RAID recovery times. "And SSD's only complain if you listen." I'm not sure how this is different from HDDs? For both of them you have to listen and install a SMART checking tool. And HDD failure rates are not great either ranging from 2-12% according to recent Backblaze data. What do you mean by code? Most digital chip design is done in Verilog or VHDL which are hardware description languages. You too can invest in my $1 million company for investing just $1000 to buy 0.001 shares. How else do you keep your 99.9999% availability metrics? Always this talk about valuations. Never about revenues and profits. Reminds me of the dotcom days when people used every other metric when they couldn't talk about profitability. Like eyeballs, clicks, etc. There will be a few winners but a vast many will do down in smokes or get acquired for pennies on the dollar. One thing is brick is not so good in earthquake prone areas. Are all these jobs in NYC? Do these finance companies have offices working on these issues in SV? How long has he been doing it? Super Maryo Chronicles If you design for 100 story buildings, you can design for a few story building with dirt on top. By "same level of robustness" means none in this case since neither have any CRC or checksum for data integrity. Do you think if the state gave incentives to use more efficient water usage methods would help. The reality is agriculture is 80% of water consumption while 2% of the state GDP. It would be more efficient for farmers to conserve water and everyone else pitching in to subsidize it. It was already done done mostly in the state/county level. For example, in my part of the bay area, they have raised rates especially if you have disproportionate usage. Also you cannot water your lawn more than once per week. I'm not sure either but there is an man made aqueduct that stretches form north to south. The other way is if other states would grow more agriculture so there is more diversity. My point about the GDP is that it is such a small part of the overall economy that it is feasible to share the burden to improving the irrigation systems across the full population. And perhaps the "use it or lose it" penalties could be put on hold during a prolonged drought situation till hopefully things improve. Also in your opinion, are the high water usage due to primarily the irrigation methods or that the crops need lot of water? Like almonds for example? Do you have any evidence of this that they are not growing more because California subsidizes water usage? So your suggestion is to get rid of the subsidies? I work on SSD firmware. There is lots of restrictions and algorithms involved with using NAND and presenting a reliable storage to the end user. And many of these algorithms are tuned to the specific NAND. The FTL basically hides the ugly details. Here are a couple things we tried for our scrum teams. We let them choose the time of the day for the daily stand-up. One team agreed on 11am. Another on 5pm. Some people see this 15 minute stand-up serves as a major interruption. I see it as a way to consolidate some of the tiny interruptions throughout the day into one. Also teams have individuals of varying experience so we consider the stories to be a team goal. This makes the more experienced individual more willing to help those still learning since they are no longer making a trade-off for their own stories vs somebody else. Lastly, I've worked on projects from 1-20 people and beyond a certain size, daily meetings are just mandatory or things fall apart. In a previous project, I ran these big daily status meetings and they tended to run long. Everyone hated it so I dropped it for a few days but then the code started breaking due to lack of communications. We decided to split the meeting into smaller groups and they ran quicker and there were less complaints. However we were still able to keep the code quality. But I think the most important things is "one size doesn't fit all." If something is not working, have an open discussion within the team and suggest some alternatives. If there is no avenue to give feedback, that is the fundamental problem. Yes we are in the midst of a transformation and most people are new to this. And those with previous experience with scrum teams had lots of bad experiences elsewhere (hour long stand-up meetings and inconvenient times, etc.) It is 3000-5000 gallons of water per a pound of beef. A cow weighs probably a ton. Public unions like pensions because they are defined benefit plans and are guaranteed a specific monthly benefit. The risk is passed to the tax payers because they need to cover any poor investments. There was a documentary where identical twins did a health challenge or a month. One ate only carbs and the other only fat/protein. Guess which had blood sugar spikes at the end of the challenge... the one eating fat/protein. On the bottom of the page they state their assumptions. $0.12 per KWH of electricity and $3.90 for a gallon of gas. However I think the price should reflect immediate savings and the gas savings should figure in total cost of ownership. They will eventually need to do that like with the rest of the acquisitions. I always felt that 20 KLOC never made sense to me. Looks like he is really bitter from this whole deal. Meanwhile there are 100s of start-ups taking on VCs with Ycombinator. What I've noticed with Ycombinator is their advisor/partners seem to be very green themselves (usually a couple years working on a startup or two.) Maybe they are losing money because they have 1200 employees. Do they really need that many? Well, it is always in the shareholder's interest to give the management sky high bonuses. "Sharing" economy... The goal for these kind of companies is to package something together for a big guy to acquire before it all tumbles down. Sometimes that works and sometimes that doesn't. This is a car boot in the US: http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/97/Denver_bo... You use 16-bit variables. Well the 6502 didn't have many registers but the CPU and SRAM were of similar speed back then so most of the temporary values were stored in SRAM. Not too long ago I did firmware on an 8-bit processor using the C language. It would support 32/16/8-bit variables. You just have to choose the smallest one possible to be most efficient. In what way would you do it differently than the FTL. Are you familiar with all the restrictions and limitations of using NAND and how it impacts the FTL algorithms? Main thing is make sure you have collaborating evidence against your manager. Like good past reviews and coworkers who would support you. HR loyalty lies up the management chain so normally it is an up hill battle. But if you are a good performer and have others who support you, HR can be turned around. People usually want to hire experienced lawyers. So there is a large pool of recent graduates and a small pool of those experienced. I think it depends on local weather. We spend about $600 on electricity and $600 is gas per year for 4 people in the Bay Area. And this is with an older water heater and furnace in an old house with moderate insulation. We would replace the heater, furnace and improve the insulation before even considering solar ourselves. Well you need some way to pay for the tax subsidies. I had good experience with the Trader Joe's Milk Kefir. As Apple has full control over their hardware and the selection is limited, I expect better QA from them. I dealt with spotty WiFi driver issues with them in the past and it took months to get a fix. You maybe undervaluing yourself so when you put out a number, the offer will be anchored around that number. Why was this post downvoted anyway? What about Colorado? Seems like a good place for agriculture. And they are getting more rain than California at this time. But Minnesota is one of the top agriculture states and being up north, they have more severe winters. To give you another example, within my city there are 5 high schools and their rankings are vastly different. Students can only go the high school within their district of the city. Thus the housing prices are vastly different between the districts by 2x in some cases. Note that all the schools get the same funding. It is just that the parents wanting high achievement for their students put them in the better performing high school making the imbalance even worse and and the same time causing a housing imbalance. I know it is generally true in California. And their intention is to balance out the attendance to the various schools. And it was not always bad like this. I feel it became worse when a state wide test ranking system was created then people knew which schools were better performing and started flocking towards them so things got imbalanced. Fast, functional or reliable... pick two. Does it get crowded playing? Two reasons come in my mind: 1. Some junior developers are just really good and learn fast compared to an average developer. 2. A junior developer has the energy and drive being new to the field. They are willing to do many things for the sake of learning which the senior developer is already jaded by. In California we do it every other year but with more stringent dynamometer tests. Dealers will need a cut of the profit and due to the laws in the books, once they start using dealers, they cannot forgo them in the future. I think it should be the choice of the manufacturer whether to use dealers or not. Someone should ask them how they will solve the "safety" concerns: “because the brewer has no way of determining what beverage is being used or how much coffee is being added, and therefore cannot adjust to factors such as brew strength and amount of water, which could represent a safety concern…” There is the community college followed by state university combo. This can be quite affordable and help students adjust up to the university system if they were ill prepared in high school. I hate how every 2 months I get some random app automatically installed by Samsung on my Galaxy S4. That is pretty slick. I prefer something lightweight like this. I don't know anyone who just does waterfall anyway except for simple projects. You just can't get all you architecture and design done up front. There is a lot of iteration between architecture, design and coding. Requirements change and things need to adapt. That is not waterfall. I wonder what the gross profits are. To be honest those initial inquiries are done by HR recruiters who have no way to evaluate your skill set. If interested, try to get a call with the hiring manager before you proceed far. Some positions can accommodate engineers of various skill level. Someone posted this bookmarklet the other day and it works pretty good. javascript:location.href=' https://www.google.com/webhp?#q=' + encodeURIComponent(location.href) + '&btnI=I' Reminds me of this... https://twitter.com/mrgan/status/384780273721696256 More likely they will sort out the good stuff and give the rest to the non-profits. Some cities have a household hazardous waste disposal location where one can drop off used chemicals, paint, etc. They will separate stuff that can be reused and properly dispose of the rest. The one in our city, we just backup our car and they take out the stuff while you sit in the car and complete the paperwork and show an id. The whole point of the Visual6502 effort was to reverse engineer older processors by slicing up the die little by little and taking pictures of the die and using image recognition to convert them into transistor circuits. Then they simulate it accurate enough to be operational. http://www.visual6502.org/ I am new to mine craft. How would you join and play on such a server? Now how do we explain how buses seem to arrive and depart just before we arrive to the stop? So are a majority of junior computer professionals in other states paid an hourly rate? Are they a profitable company yet? Great implementation. I've seen the raw data before but never had the web development skills to execute on this idea. Can you also add a query where once you select a company and year, it groups by title and gives average salary. Did you factor in the transmission losses to move the electricity from the Arizona desert to the rest of the US? Genuine question... since the pay gap exists as shown in this data, why don't employers prefer to hire much more women than men since they can be paid 10% less on average? It is playing by the rules but if everyone did it, the whole SS benefit scheme will collapse. So you are saying what I said is not true? Then why do we need to continue contributing after working past 10 year if we already maxed out? From back when text screens were 40 characters wide! If that is the case, there is no disadvantage to removing the tax deductions. Thanks for the link. They have reasonable prices. Know of any others? There might be laws preventing working for free for a real company. Or maybe unions are opposed because it may depress their wages? Can you actually answer why his observations are wrong instead of saying the problem exists in other fields? No, better reasons might be 1. work specialties, 2. safety considerations, 3. inter-dependencies that prevent full productivity. I just hate the "...yeah our industry sucks also..." knee-jerk answer. Should they not be maximizing value to the shareholders? Initially I was pissed of at Uber but then I realized that the way universities run, half of anything Uber gave the universities for research would go to fund their management costs. I remember in my college days I got an $800 academic performance award and 25% was taken of for management costs. When I was a grader, they had me sign a form that any inventions I discovered as a grader would be theirs. Bunch of leaches in my opinion. A poster below mentioned that 50% overhead was taken from his grant. Many of the universities have way too much overhead with many management layers and many of them don't bring in any money but get compensated well. Meanwhile these researchers get below industry standard and a sizable chunk of whatever they bring in is taken from them. The university can do what they want to do but so can the researchers. Most universities have way too much administrative "talent". Maybe they can demonstrate their worth the public companies to get hired. What kind of details do they ask before giving an offer? Anything that might be considered proprietary or were they eager from the go? Were there any NDA put in place or did you just hope for the best? What you propose is not scalable. How would you execute this for overseas admissions? I really think medical trials is something that the world government should sponsor so that treatments are accessible to everyone. Maybe each country contributes some small percent of their GDP. Well that already happens. Lets make it more obvious who contributes what. Isn't this just a DC-DC converter? How can they have a patent for something that was invented decades ago? I used to read a lot of IC datasheets in my previous job and such battery extenders are given as reference designs in the datasheets. I don't think ADP should block customers from working with Zenefits but I can also see in a few years Zenefits moving to the payroll provider market if they get big enough. I wonder what would happen is the nitrogen is increased to 78%? Its equal to the 1040EZ. I'm not sure what happens when you include other complexities. I know average Indians in India that do use a tax preparer. A good portion just skip paying taxes (I think a 6% compliance rate and I know the lowest tax bracket is not that high.) I agree that a lot of them don't make much income but it is basically a cash economy and many self earners don't report it. I mean if you go there and see the price of things and what people are buying, you know that have to be making more than RS. 200,000. The average BATA shoe store had products costing more than I paid in Target here and I was seeing brisk sales. What do you think of the ADP claims? I wonder if it would be legal/feasible to underwrite student loans based on major and GPA and how they correlate with loan risk rates. He mentioned in the article that you can use Markov chains. Why do they have to do manual entry? Well I know one mistake they may have made in hiring. Guy I used to work with had a totally unclear design process and couldn't complete his work. He would design flawed algorithms that made no sense to anyway and then he asked for lead a project which he dug himself into a hole and had me pulled in to help him and then abandoned me and left the company. Spent 3 months cleaning up his mess. I wonder how he is working out for them... Not sure about the WTC but I know for rail, bridge, etc. there can be lots of environmental regulations to deal with in the US. Finding a butterfly in a field can be enough to stop the work while they do environmental assessments to see how it may impact that butterfly species. I know a little bit about this because my first job out of engineering college was working at a consultant company doing the drudge work for such an assessment. After 6 months of work, I felt we barely put out anything of value while burning consultant hours. The reports were cookie cutter format from previous contracts with a few facts filled in. A friend who works for the state transportation engineering agency mentioned finding a native american arrow while expanding a highway triggering another investigation. Then there is eminent domain, noise assessments, impact reviews, etc. So basically it is not the engineering costs but all the other demands of society that make these a slow and expensive venture. Some of these tools (like Coverity) can be very comprehensive yet slow and expensive. We do our checking in layers like lint, memory check tools on every checkin and slower and expensive tools on a hourly/nightly basis. They missed the opportunity to get it out by Q4'15. Would have been a great Christmas seller. Working on the older CPUs is more approachable to understanding all the low level details plus it makes you appreciate all that the newer CPUs offer. However when actually working, I don't think one should work with an older CPU unless it really makes sense (sufficient computer power, low power requirements, etc.) Working with a powerful CPU lets you focus on the job at hand instead of the idiosyncrasies. The x86 family is the same. Here is an article about bullshit jobs: http://strikemag.org/bullshit-jobs/ One of the examples is telemarketers. I think he is running it at 2MHz which should be doable. What about sales, marketing, management, QA and other staff? What is their responsibility? I see it as the cost of forming a startup is much lower now so they can stay private longer. Combined with VC companies and angel investors flush with money, they are keeping the companies private longer to capture more of the gains. Then there are established companies who want to stay relevant who throw money at startups with no profit in sight but cool technologies. My guess is that in the end, problems will come when the established companies slow down in acquisitions and the VC companies and angel investors get tired of startups which can't show profit. I'd think there are probably https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Center_for_Science_in_the_Publ... They demonized saturated fat and pushed a switch to partially hydrogenated vegetable oils which had trans-fat. Now we say trans fat is so unhealthy that it should be banned. So a significant number of people got exposed to trans-fat due to their policy demands. It should be enough because the SSD will schedule a periodic "fsck" equivalent and check for degraded bits to repair. I think they get their blades from Dorco. I can buy that much cheaper in bulk on Amazon. I think they get their blades from Dorco. I can buy that much cheaper in bulk on Amazon. About about the gross margin? Is it much easier in the EU? For example, can I go to Switzerland or France and easily get permanent residency? Alright what about France and Germany? In the US, most H1B hires I personally know have had their green card sponsorship started within an year of hire. Then it takes about 2-3 years to get it finalized. I knew of one who even got the process started in 2 months. So there are some differences from other countries but no 5-10 years wait. One thing in Silicon Valley is if you are not an engineer, business development, marketing or a few other support positions, it is very hard to find opportunities. The remaining positions just have lots of candidates competing for a few jobs. My wife had a hard time finding a business analyst position when she moved with me and has yet to find anything. Someone posted this previously. Create a bookmark with the following contents. Then click on it when you reach a paywall page. javascript:location.href=' https://www.google.com/webhp?#q=' + encodeURIComponent(location.href) + '&btnI=I' At times, it feels like, the more someone is paying you, the more they will respect you. Don't work for free unless they have a good respect for you otherwise you will be used. My own experience was trying to help out two non-profits with some IT work and they ask you for the world and treat you like shit. Some options: http://www.uscis.gov/eir/visa-guide/entrepreneur-visa-guide Well these are embedded processors and Apple can be more tight about who they disclose information. Intel on the contrary has to work with so many other third parties which need this information. And some of it is regulatory capture... restrict how easy it is for others to enter the market. It is probably easier to get a Class A commercial drivers license and drive an 18-wheeler. I'm not really versed on JavaScript. I presume this is a joke about the lack of a proper array structure in JavaScript? How would one answer this question anyway? I thought they just run a rack full of managed SSDs? Yeah I'm sure this has nothing to do with the tourist season and conventions going on. Then why are Airbnb rentals in SF more expensive that in other cities? Hint: they all charge what the market will bare. What has been the accomplishments of housing.com? It decompresses properly if you have the proper tool. With Mac, you can use the built in tool and with Windows, perhaps WinRAR. Mostly just see the source code and the documents in html format. Used to read this thoroughly back in college. "do the needful" == "do what is necessary" Very nicely done. What kind of tools does one use to create this. I thought they also got around 50% debt relief and cuts to interest rate payments. I would look at how long someone needs to work in that industry to meaningfully complete a project or two. In mine, it is about 2 years. If they consistently have below this, I would have to question the depth of contributions to the projects they worked on. New grads I do give a little leeway as they are just figuring out what they want to do. The gift box costs more than the speakers? What is the worst that will happen? The question is do you think it could have been done better given that they support multiple OS/UI, etc... There is a nice digital logic simulator called TKGate ( http://www.tkgate.org/ ) which is good for learning. Not web based however. What do you think is a fair market rate? Are there sites that offer higher rates than this for the contractors for short term gigs? It kind of interests me there if there are opportunities for doing short half day scope projects. If you look at the top of the bill, it seems like this person didn't ever get health insurance and the last minute applied for medicare in the hopes of getting covered. They probably are low enough income to get covered under Obamacare but probably thought they we never get sick. The link to the full book (work in progress) is https://www.gitbook.com/book/0xax/linux-insides/details . Nicely written document. I was meaning to read up more on the BFP virtual machine myself. I worked for a company that build specialty chips with firmware. We would deal with companies all around the world who used our chips in their products. By far, the Japanese companies would do the most through qualifications of our chips. They would build special test system, inject errors, reverse engineer, and bring up detailed questions and concerns that we even didn't have the manpower to achieve. And when they were satisfied with the response, the purchase would go through. No this would be the definitive guide: http://www.kroah.com/lkn/ The Maxim Integrated MAXQ is is one commercial processor that uses a MOV based instruction set. http://www.maximintegrated.com/en/app-notes/index.mvp/id/322... I've always felt these were more of a trick in being single instruction set because you are using some of the addressing bits to encode an opcode. It will just become installment payments. I'm still not clear on the difference between deep learning and machine learning. Also are there good primer books on machine learning fundamentals? This is really needed! I'm on a renal diet and I have to watch every number like protein, sodium, phosphorus, potassium, fat, etc. I struggle day by day cobbling things in google docs online because the tools online don't suffice. I've been also exploring to see if I can teach myself web development skills to create my own app based on my needs. I see some good ideas I can learn from yours... The bad blocks are isolated from each each other so the chips are perfectly good. The NAND manufacturers bin the chips by number of defects so you can buy ones with more defects and if your firmware allows, run it at lower reported capacity. For example a 8GB chip with 1 GB of defects could be used for a 4GB flash drive with 3 GB of spare blocks. Actually this is how many of the binned parts are utilized. What about inventing passing lanes? Of you are on a single lane road and many vehicles behind you for a while, you move out onto the passing lane. Can you give specific examples of what these companies do that needs reigning in? I'm excluding the "sharing economy" companies (uber, airbnb, etc) which are a known problem everywhere. Wouldn't the people at the front of the line start leaving and coming back to the end? I see an iKKEGOL USB foot control switch on Amazon for $13.99. Can't you hook that up to any software? DO you have battery life concerns or overheating issues. The OS PM shouldn't let an application overhead the laptop. Doctors get paid a lot because they artificially restrict how many can become new doctors every year (atleast in the US.) Not that I envy them with their crazy work hours. Reminds me of this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cauzin_Softstrip . Magazines would print out their source code and you could scan it in. Of course I had no money to buy such an expensive machine so was relegated to mind numbing typing and the inevitable typos that came with it. I think there can be lots of efficiency improvements that can be done at a hospital through IT innovations. Basically better interconnection and automation of system and services. Unless you work for the government or a legacy union, the concept of a pension (one with defined benefits) no longer exists. Most people who worked can rely on Social Security or Medicare but it doesn't fully cover your costs. The more common option is 401K where you basically have to save up and invest your own money tax deferred because employers hardly contribute much. In these cases, those make little income or are not well organized don't put anything much into their 401K. Then they reach their retirement age and find out they don't have enough to survive. Lastly there are those who did save into their 401K but lost a lot due to ill timing and the whims of the stock market. It happens due to ESD protection diodes on the I/O lines. You can still see this happen in some of the current low power microcontrollers. The question is what kind of price discrimination is this? Do we attribute browsing/shopping on the phone to be being poor? They are not 'tricks'... they are financial 'innovations.' Note that the 55x price and 2x price are done by different groups. Reminds me of this quote from Jamie Zawinski: "Some people, when confronted with a problem, think "I know, I'll use regular expressions." Now they have two problems." Because people think they are clever and write difficult to maintain expressions that tend to have flaws. Die size influences yield which immensely impacts how much money you make. So you make things as small as feasible. Smaller die means more chips per wafer and smaller die means less chance of some contamination causing a particular die to be defective. If China is successful with this nuclear power technology other countries can start adapting it. It is not like we just sit on the sidelines and wait. Let them take the initial risks and costs. We can just say it is for national security reasons. Which brand do you use btw? PlantUML does the same thing also. The SD cards are a better price comparison because they will use a similar stacking technology to get the small form factor. The main difference is SD cards need a controller which adds cost. I'm curious what are the insurance rates on the Tesla cars? And how much does it cost to repair the damage? Do you have to go to Tesla for the repairs or are the qualified thrid party car body shops? I just watched this but I was hoping that there was a feature to automatically back up the cap 10' or something so everyone could get in. Is the high air pollution due to population density or emissions technology (ie Diesel vs Petrol?) For example, I look up the pollution numbers for 2015 in California Bay Area and the strict California PM10 limits were exceeded for only 2 days in the year.* And California is known for being car crazy and we have had hot dry weather for some time now. * ( http://www.baaqmd.gov/about-air-quality/air-quality-summarie... ) BTW where do I find something similar for Paris? That would make sense. In California, there is the Central Valley which is far from the ocean but lower population density and the pollution is much worse. I'm eager to upgrade so is this a fairly safe upgrade or are there kinks that need to be worked out? I don't think the US will ever switch at the federal (or even state) level. Any changes would be driven from the industry and individual company level. So I tried it out last night. Overall things seem much more snappy though that is just a qualitative observation. Not much cosmetic changes. No WiFi issues no far! I never understood how soda doesn't feel like it has 17 teaspoons of sugar in it because I've made lemonade with 2-3 teaspoons of sugar and it feels just as sweet. Wow these soft costs seem so huge. I was hoping technological innovation would bring down the overall cost of solar but now it looks like that accounts for only 1/3 of the costs. I hope the soft costs can be brought down significantly over time. I would be okay with this but other things need reform. They need to cut down on bloated middle management layer in colleges. They need to cut out the shitty diploma mills that don't give graduates much success in getting jobs after graduating. I would really like to hear your reasoning why typing is such requests would make sense for an average user instead of using an dedicated app which automatically supplies the vital information (current price, gps coordinates, etc.) Their website says that 50% percent of their employees are engineers. ( https://about.twitter.com/company ) "It's that they find a safe haven in those social groups where they are not bullied and are inclusive." Is this last live referring to the "nerds" or women/girls? Because "nerds" deal with they same issues. Would you be okay with the new student loans be given out based on default risk? For example based of GPA, SAT, major? Its when corporations get into the business and extra every cent from a technology. Expensive cable subscriptions, expensive cell subscriptions, etc... They all add up quickly. The (compressed) picture quality for the basic network channels I'm paying Comcast for is technically stealing from me. And they will charge you extra if you get broadband without the basic TV channels. I ended using an OTA antenna regardless. Do you know if anyone can get their blood tested or do you need an doctor's order? Their prices seem quick cheap and it would be nice to get some periodic readings for my chronic health problems. Loyalty should be to individuals, not companies. I'm guessing places that are "food deserts" are generally not affluent enough to be the target market that will pay a delivery fee. Lots of people don't like that engineers are well compensated in the tech industry also. Look at all the company shuttle protests in San Francisco. In your experience, what kind of methodology do you think works? Which option do the drug manufacturers typically take? The second option would require a government that actually cares more about society in general vs special interests. How has it worked out in practice? How is this independent body selected? Why would you compare against the income of the world? You need to factor the local cost of living, taxes, etc. The medium household income in Santa Clara county is something like $95K. The flash data sheets are actually just the starting point for using NAND flash. It is not just signal timings and command sets. There are lots of quirks you have to work around to make it reliable and usable which changes with each generation of NAND. Try fracking under his house and he will understand it... Median is less influenced by the outliers. Will it will become a YC problem with all the bad PR. Maybe their sysadmin got replaced by a cron job. I would say this is the best definition of an engineer... "An engineer is a professional practitioner of engineering, concerned with applying scientific knowledge, mathematics, and ingenuity to develop solutions for technical, societal and commercial problems. -- Wikipedia" What really matters is the applied scientific knowledge and ingenuity to benefit mankind. The liability aspect shouldn't be the key differentiator. Do you think that Uber will even agree to those terms? You don't have to live in San Francisco to work there. There are plenty of people who live on the other side of the bay and commute by train. This gives you a much more affordable place to live than San Francisco. Well there are options and nothing is perfect. If people want to live in an area with high demand and they are not willing to compromise, they should quit their complaining and pay the high rental costs. So Google returning to China makes them evil? What about all the other companies operating in China? Why do you feel this way when even OpenBSD hasn't fully worked out all the details (see the slides) and proven it will work well in practice. I have developed power loss protection for SSDs in the past. You also need to give an early warning "power failed" signal to the controller to dump its internal buffers and state. Power loss can be very challenging to get robust especially if the controller uses clever algorithms at runtime to get better performance because recovering the drive state from sudden power loss is more difficult. That is why I think the Intel 520 controller has so many problems because they are using a SandForce controller which was known to use no external DRAM and compression algorithms which just complicates things. Regarding (b), what happened to the executive obligation to maximize shareholder profits? It's not their money after all... People complain about gouging by hotels and taxis yet with all this dynamic pricing, in the end, it will be no better than the current situation atleast in terms of pricing. If you read the article, you would see that the city/county is offering to buy the trailer park for $39 million. They haven't done negotiating yet... So they basically left money on the table? I'm been using LideIDE for a while and it is pretty good. Only thing I've a problem with is configuring build tags. For portions of the code disabled by build tags, it doesn't let me search for variable and function declarations. I wish there was a way to toggle that. Another missing feature is "jump to line". How much risk are "customers" taking when they buy it through Kickstarter? If the product is never delivered, will they get their money back? PC manufacturers are incredibly cost sensitive right now. It is kind of like the airline industry where they strip away a $4 meal and $1 blanket on a $250 ticket to save money. What about retention bonuses? I don't understand the $45K for the 3 green cards. Right now it costs maybe $1500 to process one green card application with the complexity of tax form. You can definitely do it yourself though a lawyer may add another $2000 to help you out. Back 10-20 years ago everything was probably half the amount. Also as I understand, H1B based green cards are sponsored by the employer? It is hard to immigrate easily without an employer or family sponsorship. A few people get it through green card lottery. Some come on a tourist visa or education visa and then overstay. If you married someone, could they sponsor you? Other than hack value, I don't see it as a replacement for a $35 Chromecast. Even then probably better to root a Chromecast due to all the hardware benefits mentioned above. I think there is lots of inertia in staying with existing platforms (x86, ARM.) Even Intel got their ass kicked with Itanium even though they tried to undo a lot of mistakes there. Growth hacking? Well they do... just look at the fiasco with the replacement for the Bay Bridge in California. Don't hardware manufacturers test their systems for many weeks for MTBF estimates and the like? For something that is supposed to be running for years at a time, how did this escape their QA process before shipping? Well lots of people come into the picture when you build any engineering system. This includes software and hardware. There are many cost tradeoffs and compromises. This seems to be a hardware issue. It is not good that the software malfunctioned but it should be totally isolated from rest of airplane function. Also if software could cause overheating, someone should have redesigned the hardware (heatsink/fan for example) because it was already marginal. On the second problem, there is no reason you have to pick a college far from home. Go with a state university. Certainly don't go out of state and pay higher tuition. At what age do you think it would make an impression? Just as an example, from my (top tier) college engineering class, of 5 friends and I, only 2 individuals are still practicing their original major. Some went into business, law, finance and the remaining a different engineering major. I think it is very common for people to different things than their original major. Sure but it is still cheaper than many private universities or out of state. Exception might be if you got a full scholarship to a private university. There is also a cryptographic erase option on secure erase if the drive supports it. It is nearly instantaneous and you can follow up with other slower methods if desired. Also for SSDs, using the secure erase method is important because of overprovisioning and garbage collection. If that is not available, on most SSD algorithms, doing two full pass writes (with random sector data if drive supported compression) will get you close to wiping out all contents as possible. How come the graph accounts for only 97% of the people? Right now AirBnB is still a growing business. They are trying to get as much properties on their system so they are playing fast and loose on the accuracy and quality. But once things settle down, they will start tightening the screws on all these listings kind of like how eBay did on the sellers once it finally grew up. What about something like blood glucose measurement for diabetes? I think they wanted to do something for continuous monitoring for diabetics. What about something like blood glucose measurement for diabetes? I think they wanted to do something for continuous monitoring for diabetics. I've been in people management roles and certainly dealt with a rare few who just couldn't get along with anyone and also a disruption to the productivity of others. In hindsight, what I found is these individuals will tend to have a history of short stays at many companies. Because of the litigious nature of US, the former employers will never disclose anything wrong in a reference check plus they just want to get that person out the door. I wonder if he could start his own consulting company? Interesting that it seems they IPO'd in US though they are mostly located in Australia? Can employees in other countries cash out on their stock options or are they compensated in different ways than in the US? Police officers are not a top 10 dangerous job. For that, it would start with construction, logging, fishing. If fact, I think I see a negative correlation between pay and dangerous jobs in general. I never understood why Uber didn't make all their employees (developers, marketing, sales) become contractors so they can save of all the additional costs. They can just get the state to pass laws to allow it... Then a bulk of the value will go to the investors. Here is a link right from the source. Generally you should be in the US more than abroad (ie in US >6 months in a year.) If you plan to be out more than an year, you should get a re-entry permit. https://help.cbp.gov/app/answers/detail/a_id/820/~/can-a-u.s... So they can't spend or earn interest the money given to them until the card is redeemed? Then you need to form the steak and beer commission and fund a study. The Jean Claude Van Dam movie Blood Sport has some shots taken in the walled city. I read another article a long while back on how cardiologists used to be paid considerable amounts for their skills in open heart surgery. Then later non-evasive techniques were developed and some of them were not happy because it all became more routine that heroic skills were no longer needed. There is always some degree of thinking what is best for yourself instead of your patient. My guess is that the top part is the bus/decode, middle part is the ALU and the bottom part is the register bank. What kind of software takes 1M lines of code and 105 project? Is it one of those Java enterprise software projects? How is you tryglyceride levels? That should be easy to change with just a diet alone. I believe it is due to consuming excess calories than you really need. Are there some tests we can do to identify this issue? It is not clear what is causing more than 18 years delay for this person... I have an relative who came from India on a H1B visa 15 years ago and he brought his family, got a green card through work and after 5 years they all got a US citizenship a long time ago. The patent on this specific drug has already expired. It is just that the demand is low so that it is not cost effective for a competing manufacturer to get FDA approved. However there are FDA exceptions for compounding pharmacies to make the medicine to order and a particular one has been willing to do it cheaply since they don't need full FDA approval. Theranos was founded in 2003, so it is a 12 year old company. So it is a long time to come up with a disruptive technology even for the healthcare industry. And she comes from a wealthy family with the right connections. Blood tests are not all that expensive. You can get the most common 25 blood tests done for a total $50 (including drawing blood and paying middle man costs with no insurance.) But it certainly was universally hated by the developers at my last employer. My question is why are people so insistent on following the academic route with all the sacrifices it sometimes entails. I know everyone has ideals of what they want to do in life some sometimes you have to adjust to the reality. Why not work in the non academic field in the same speciality if there are more opportunities and better pay? Maybe this will even help correct the supply/demand curve for professors in the long run. NVMe is just the communications protocol between the host and device. Garbage collection is due to hiding the non ideal properties of the NAND from the host. Primary among them is endurance limits and the size difference between write and erase units. You could for example move the handling of some of these GC details to the OS filesystem level but then that becomes more complicated and has to deal with the differences with each NAND technology generation. You couldn't just copy a file system image from one drive to another for example. Noise is one of the factors we considered in buying a house. Through some experiments, we derived some metrics. We realized that anything closer than .25 miles from a highway and we would hear the noise during rush hour. Also you didn't want to have a house right adjacent to any of the busy streets. Its amazing how when we walk just one house away from a busy street how much the noise is attenuated. The peace and quiet when sitting in your backyard is something to value. The trim is kind of like the free counterpart to malloc. When the drive has been fully written, there is a lot less free space which constraints the GC and makes it works much harder. The trim tells the drive to free up space allowing for less GC work. A big difference between client and enterprise drives is the amount of over-provisioning. A simple trick if you can't use trim is to leave 5-10% of the drive unused to improve the effective over-provisioning and improve worst case performance. The question of using trim in data centers might be due to interaction between trim and raid configurations because sometimes trim is implemented as nondeterministic (as a hint to the drive; persistant trim can cause performance drops unless you are willing to through in extra hardware to optimize it well) which causes parity calculation issues when recovering from a failed drive. SATA drives until recently didn't have queued trims so if you did an occasional trim between read/writes you would have to flush the queue. Queued trims were added later on but have been slow to be adopted because it can be difficult to get it working fast, efficient and correct when intermingled with reads and writes. I know atleast one recent drive with queued trim had some bugs in the implementation. They have a special OS driver which moves the FTL closer to the OS. So one of the things they need is multi GB of memory from the OS to keep the FTL mapping tables. Also sudden power loss requires OS intervention to piece back the FTL structure (I seem to recall the original product taking 5 minutes to recover.) This also means you couldn't boot from an Fusion IO drive. I'm not sure if they fixed these issues on a more recent drive. I wonder how they missed it. If someone was asked to write verification tests for a RTC chip, this would one of the first few things obvious things to be checked.