Tim Cook never said that. When asked what he would do if he were currently faced with the problems confronting Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg, Cook said: "I wouldn't be in this situation." The Ray Tracing part (page 247) is really interesting. John Carmack describes the NVIDIA RTX architecture there. Usually women are biologically programmed to want kids more than men, and men are programmed to want to have more love making than women. I think a lot of people just do it anyway (just like a lot of people make love anyway even if they don't really want it), but usually don't talk about it as it's taboo. I decided not to probably have kids, as I son't think it's worth for me, but this is a very personal choice. Paired with deep learning it would be very helpful for early tumor screening at home. My girlfriend already had cancer twice, but the usual screening is done only once every 6 months. ,,I ended up not using the fancy iterator systems (yet?) but the ThreadPool is perfect.'' Please give Rayon iterators another try instead of using thread pool + message passing, it's one of the best features of Rust. The main hedges for the financial system breakdown are physical gold, silver and (my personal favourite, although much riskier) Bitcoin (though make sure you use a hardware wallet if you want to own it). The key is ,,inside chips''. There's no reason to do those bad things on the die using an extra chip, as it's too easy to prove. With the low interest rates cheap capital is accessible to selected companies. The cheap capital is used to acquire monopoly position instead of just competing for talent. I don't think the biggest problem is that software engineers are under-compensated. It's more like assets are overpriced, so we're not able to buy houses. Housing is overvalued because the interest rates are very low compared to what you can see historically. A lot of people are expecting a serious credit crunch in the next few (max. 10) years which mean that housing prices will decrease significantly compared to the current prices. Waymo is far the best self driving tech and nobody has the money to buy it, as Alphabet is not selling (it's the first real diversification from ads revenue). GM is few years behind, but hopefully those few years are not enough for Waymo to create a monopoly. He was a PM, so he doesn't understand the real problems inside Google. Talking about agility: you have to provision TPUs years ahead. Developer jobs are taken over by higher priority production tasks all the time. Datacenters are always turned down, and job dependencies on datacenters are still managed manually, as the internal tools don't support automatic migration. Forgetting to provision necessery network quota means that even when you get a lot of GCUs, you have to wait months again to get network quota. If you find the right SRE though they try to be helpful, but their tools are limited as well. I'm not saying things are bad though. There are lots of great tgings at Google, but agility is not one of them. Tesla has an effect similar to iPhone, where people spend more to have it than what they used to generally for a car before. Even Tesla leadership was surprised by it (they expected to get to $35k sooner, but also didn't expect to be able to sell so many cars at $50k). It should. Sometimes I choose to do the same thing if the line of cars gets too long behind me and I don't want to waste their time. Waiting when a human would have turned left should count as a disengagement. The real problem is not short sellers: it's borrowing people's stocks for shorting without their knowledge. When you think you own a stock, you don't own it, as the ownerahip lies with the custody institution (unless you have a stock certificate). There was a small but strong group of people who even believed that it was possible to create digital cash that can't be simply controlled by a government. To create a government project you have to make something that makes sense and looks possible (like the atomic bomb). Even if Tesla achieved as expected, it's very far from being just a normal company. As a person who suffers from air pollution every day, I'm really thankful for Tesla employees for working on decreasing this constant suffering in the future. In my view Tesla is changing the world. Elon's using optimistic projections all the time to motivate the company and all other companies working with Tesla as well. The problem is that - as with any project - if the stated goals would be less, the real outcome would decrease as well. Of course weather it's legal to be optimistic or not is an orthogonal question, but it makes sense in leading a business. ,,Reviewing code is one of those things that I would enjoy if I had infinite time, but that I find a nuisance when I don't.'' I can't really imagine any work that can be more important than code review for other people. This is the way Linus can have a 100x leverage on the Linux code base. This is the most important and hardest work in the Bitcoin code base as well, probably apart from cryptography research. I think the bigger problem is that code reviewing may be not well compensated, not that it's not important. How can we see the evidence if the victims are silenced by their contract (forced arbitration)? The way to change the law is by starting the movement in the company. I'm sure people will talk about not allowing forced arbitration by the law after this movement. No. In Google you're supposed to try to go for promotion, and nobody cares about the walkout in the promotion commitees, so at the end you have to work extra. If you don't want promotion though, life's easy @ Google. I look at Tesla as the next Apple. There's not much room for fast innovation in the smart phone space, but cars are outdated, and self driving / electric cars with better robotic manufacturing methods give an opportunity for new entrants to appear. It's too late for Apple though at this point to manufacture the full hardware (and also behind Waymo in self driving software). What I have seen more are 0.1x managers. They may be just 10% of the managers, but the problem is that if you have a deep hierarchy, you just need one 0.1x manager in the hierarchy to ruin your project. It's also an act of jealousy: so few man in the world get an unrealistically huge amount of female attention (and set the bar extremely high), that as a teenage boy was impossible to compete with for most of us guys. I vote yes for distributed systems, no for the Masters' Degree. If you already know how to code, it's easy to get into other fields and train yourself, thereby not losing money. You can also write open source code if you don't think you could find the appropriate job instantly. 99.998% sounds great, but 99% here not so much: https://basecamp.com/3/uptime It would be better if it would show a more precise number. Actually this isn't something new. Smart children in their young age coupd take advantage of others not being able to count. Still, strength is probably more important as a child. It's just because it takes time to build the new supercars. Tesla Roadster is out in 2-3 years, it sets the standard for other manufacturers. Are you talking about a car that is taking over a bicycle before turning, or a bicycle taking over a car from the right in the same lane (which is not allowed)? I was also cheating on my chemistry exam, but as your life is over yet I wouldn't be so sure. As I'm getting older it's getting more and more important for me to understand the biochemical processes that are going on (or going wrong) in my body. Why would it be just filler? You're probably not eating enough. It has high fiber content, just like most vegetables (and actually a very similar macro nutrient ratio) We have web pages with multiple seconds of latency because devs don't have a deep understanding of the performance hits of composing programs. And for that you need to understand how the CPU works. Please don't confuse Bitcoin with any other cryptocurrency. Bitcoin Core is where developers who treat it responsibly as a multi-billion dollar system are concentrated. It's very hard to submit code to it for a reason (unlike ALL other crypto currencies so far). Just as an example Bitcoin is the only cryptocurrency where you can see a page with all security vulnerabilities so far. Just search for Astro Teller rollerblades :) With BTC this is just normal volatility. The usual drawdowns that are happening every 1-3 years are about 75% - 95%. If the price of BTC goes under $1000 that will be something new. I can't speak of other coins as they are a very different market (and I'm a Bitcoin maximalist). It means that I think it will eat all money (and most altcoins as well) over the next 15-20 years. About the downside: I hope using coal as an energy source will be shut down ASAP. Bitcoin protocol would easily work with only sustainable energy sources, but it doesn't work without the security of proof of work (all other algorithms for decentralized concensus so far decrease security of the protocol). Luckily China already took some steps to close down the most polluting Bitcoin miners. At another big company we had a code freeze as well, but we found a bug in a new feature that we released. We were not allowed to fix the bug, so we were reverting binaries of the data processing pipeline. The problem is that the data was already created and not backwards compatible, so we just created new problems... strict code freeze together with a huge feature push is always a nightmare. Don't kill yourself, life has too much fun even for you. You're probably not that smart, but not dumb either. For smart people math usually comes easy, as it doesn't require much memorisation. Dumb people are not able to do deep self reflection. C++ is probably not your language, so if you want to stay with computers, I suggest you take a look at web programming, as it has the least math. You can always switch inside programming if you change your mind. Go for HTML, JavaScript, Vue as a start for example. Try to have fun with it. Build things. Then come back and ask more questions. It's not just easy but I have some friends who dom't update their (low end) phones because they're afraid that the updates will slow the system down. It took weeks for the bug to be surfaced. I was working with conversions, which is rare and noisy data. The problem is that most policies are not adjusted for the subteams. The software that allows the GitHub style (light-forking) environment is called git, created by Linus. He's a great example of a person who doesn't care about free software ideologies, but cares about open sourcing code a lot. That's great. Bitcoin needs to get to the state where mass media also thinks that it's over for Bitcoin. The desparate phase is when the last weak hands get rid of their Bitcoins, and that marks the bottom of.the crash. If they would want equality, it should be symmetric (for example 2 women, 2 men, or 1 woman, 1 man, and 1 any gender). This is clear discrimination against men (though not the first one that we have seen in the past few years). The paper is here: https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.00260.pdf It's interesting that it's already used for optimizing for long term value when deciding whether a push notification should be sent or not. It's cool, it would be great if the neurons would be classified with machine learning by the name of the objects they encode (and probability of that encoding beimg correct), so not just a few object types could be added / removed With the current low interest rates there's no capitalism in the world, just crony capitalism, which inflated some asset classes, like the housing market, stock market and private companies that plan to go to the American stock market. This problem will be corrected in the next 10-15 years, but it won't be an easy ride. At this point in time just developer recognition is enough for a lot of people to work hard on a project that has an impact for free. The basics of Twitter is trivial to implement in a centralized way at this point (unlike Google which solves a hard ranking problem), but it needs decentralized serverless infrastructure, that hasn't happened yet. I think decentralized money has to win first, and other infrastructure can come later. The damage is not simply probability x impact, as it's also important to limit the potential downside. When a person or company pays for insurance, it increases the average damage in return for decreasing the variance. It's called #himtoo, and it was started by the mother of a false accusation victim a few months ago. The fact is that these differences im sex exist (and increasing). I would happily change my official gender to be able to be a board member (now that California is limiting it). But if I needed, I would maybe change my official gender just to be able to fall into the gender quota and get a job. From reading the details it looks like almost all user data (and every user's data) is compromised. Using the word ,,some'' should be illegal in this instance. I agree, they are completely orthogonal features. The only personalization that's happening is inside the new session that the person creates when using incognito mode, which is understandable. I agree that it shouldn't be called a fully featured ML stack. Still, the most important feature (optimized compilation of models) is handled quite well. Whenever I have to look at Tensorflow source code to understand how it works, I see an over-complicated system that is too far from the research papers (which makes it hard to work with it). China and especially Shenzen has special tax exemption for high tech companies. The leadership understands that the key to winning a the economic race between countries is high tech, while other countries are still protecting older industries. Just an idea of what can help focusing instead of smoking: go to the gym. It has so many positive side effects, that you can lose nothing by trying it. I don't view Sundar as somebody who has any power over Larry. When Eric Schmidt was the CEO, he had his own opinions, but whenever Sundar was asked any question on TGIF, he was just looking at Larry to see if what he's saying is what Larry wants to hear. Sergey doesn't really care about politics, he just wants to do cool stuff. I love a lot of things in my LG gram 14 inch, except the poor speakers (my mobile phone has a better one) and the fact that I can't use it outside in the sun. This is true, but the interesting thing is that USA is quite favourable to Bitcoin, which I believe will be the next reserve currency. For now it looks like Chinese government is missing out on the most important technical innovation. I hope that my country (Hungary) will not be the battle ground for the 2 superpowers. It was for the last 1000 years. Why is China crazy for not being able to provide the same quality of life as the country with the reserve currency? It makes sense that US is one of the easiest place in the world to live in. I guess it depends on the price GM is asking for. The problem is that this news item itself increased the selling price probably significantly, as it's harder for Elon to say no to buying. "If you have something that you don't want anyone to know, maybe you shouldn't be doing it in the first place." - Eric Schmidt RT is great Russian international competition, but I haven't seen China to do something similar. Do you know a good one? I was looking for Erythritol in the study, as it seems to be the safest sugar replacement so far (I'm using it all the time, still trying not to overuse it of course). It's strange that the study didn't take it into account. Even as a hypocrite he was valuing employees more than any other CEO in his time. Larry has no empathy and it was shown very clearly when he took over. Can you add a link for those of us who want to try to play on mobipe anyways? Why don't you just ask them if you could use it for free? It's not much cost to them and they could do something good. What is missing right now are games that are designed for RTX & DLSS (but they are coming), full of mirrors and shiny objects. All the games that are out use RTX to enhance the experience, which means that Ray Tracing is secondary citizen. Atomic Heart is an example of a game that really depends on Ray Tracing heavily for the best experience. - They never ever get hacked, and even if they do, the insurance compamy would feel immoral to buy the hacked data dump They tried to do e2e encryption with Allo, then they integrated all the crappy smileys from it to their other messagong products, and got rid of Allo. The scary thing is that in theory they don't have ads on messaging, but if it would be true, they would have gone farther with e2e The real assholes are the german car company executives who kill people by lying about diesel exhaust of the cara they're manufacturing. I'm sure that they are nice with everybody, but their real toxic impact is so much bigger than Elon's, it's just uncomparable. Sounds interesting. An interesting difference between RTX and the previous techniques is that ray tracing is needed for modern film rendering. It just doesn't make sense that movies are still rendered with CPUs and not a more parallel architecture, so it feels for me that games are just a secondary for NVIDIA for the current version of the card. Open source is booming by any metrics. My favourite example is Bitcoin, which is just getting started, but even its haters usually agree that it has a huge impact (even if they don't like the impact itself). The amount of hate is quite interesting... usually I get about 4 points for what I write (if it doesn't stay at 1), but any time it's about Bitcoin, it's -4. Still, adoption is exponental, so I'm quite confident it just takes 10 more years to get to wide adoption. Front end engineers are not selected for their skills in understanding algorithms and data structures. It's quite easy to speed up a web site if you understand how CPU works on a low level and how Javascript is compiled to machine code, but it requires a lot of knowledge. They made a big mistake, but generally I love reading Blind. There are a lot of interesting things on it about which I couldn't talk even to my own colleagues. On Reddit I have no idea where a person who replies really works. You either haven't found the interesting threads or the interesting replies from internal people that make Blind different. For me it is too much fun. I love that I can use most of the standard library without thinking / looking at the documentation, and not needing to wait for compilation. But at the same time I hate that I love a language that performs so bad compared to being closer to the metal. With sustainable energy winning so clearly, it's getting more expensive to corrupt polititians though. I never thought China would be a great example for this. Right now I'm working on financial time series modelling. I can't use numerical arrays because the model is not parallelizable. Also R / Mathematica are not good for these kind of stuff. I'm thinking of trying out Julia, as it's dynamic but still has a lot of interesting libraries, but for now I just decided with working with small data, so actually I don't have performance problems. It looks fun, but as I'm doing financial modelling right now, Julia may be a better fit for me, as it has very nice libraries as well. In Ruby it can easily be used to submit malicious source code to a repository (for example the reviewers thinking that a variable is set to some value, when in fact a new variable is created). Luckily the tor domain is not affected, so just more people need to learn about private browsing. At Google (while Amit was there) trained manual raters were very important part of determining whether a change should be launched or not (especially for relevance). I'm not sure how the process changed since he left, as I see much more wrong auto-corrections by Google. APL itself looks really really bad language with bad documentation, no real libraries, non-existent type system, bad function names, and I don't see any GPU programming support in it. In the family Matlab is still the best (It can do Monte Carlo simulation on the GPU, and has a great library for different distributions), but it's still much slower language than Julia generally. Not really, just thinking that an operation changes a variable when it in fact doesn't is enough to introduce a security vulnerability. In my view Rust 2018 showed how a modern (especially strongly typed) language should evolve. The fact that interoperability with Scala 2 as a feature request wasn't accepted means that it's better not to build upon Scala anything with long lasting value. I see, I didn't know about that, so sorry for what I wrote. I'd rather take it back, but I can't :) You can go to any bar on a vacation in Thailand and just ask for Marijuana. They wouldn't sell it so easily if there would be a death penalty. Anyways police is so corrupt you have to pay them sometimes even if you did nothing illegal (I was a jet ski scam victim, and went to the police...later I found out that I should have gone to the tourist police) Inside the Bitcoin ecosystem Mimblewimble is another important invention with a funny history. They started already a few weeks ago. But right now the calm days are starting. The next half year or more will be about people forgetting about Bitcoin. Investing is a great skill to have. Starting with understanding different asset types, their histories, modern portfolio theory, diversification, tail risks of all assets, how central banks and other banks work. I believe the market can be beaten, but you have to have more financial knowledge than the average retail investor. We can say both are important skillsets (two sides of the same coin), so I won't argue with you :) Also maybe beating the market is not that important, but I was making a mistake of accumulating cash without investing it when I was younger. I didn't have spending problems though as I was frugal in my life (though being too frugal was a problem in itself as well). I believe it was really true when Amazon was a small company that needed growth by word of mouth, just like Google by not being evil. When the companies get huge, word of mouth is not the best growth tactic anymore. I guess you're not doing a full sync. Here's an example of a person trying to do it: https://ethereum.stackexchange.com/questions/37348/parity-fu... Were you passing --gcmode=archive --syncmode=full flags? If not, then it's just a light node. Here's an example: https://github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum/issues/16237 ,,Seems like it does indeed proceed but very slowly. After 12 days on the 96gig ram machine I am finally at block 4732597... I will report back how long it takes to finish.'' You did a fast sync, not a real full sync (which verifies the transactions since the genesys block). This looks great, the book tries to focus only on the business logic part of cell biology. I wish it was expanded to a much bigger book. I'm not saying that it's completely bad, but with Bitcoin the devs work really hard to improve the software to make sure that the time for full resync doesn't grow too much, and that it can run on an average laptop that has SSD. The biggest problem with the fast sync is that sometimes when Ethereum node gets stuck, the devs just suggest to do a new fast sync, which - in my opinion - requires enourmous amount of trust in the developers. Hard forks also require a lot of trust, as old software can't be run side-by-side with new software to validate the blockchain. I see, the problem was that it's hard to find documentation about what's needed for an Ethereum full node. As I'm just running Bitcoin full node, I don't have any personal experience with it. I would prefer Mozilla finishing the Rust + GPU rewrite that is so promising, especially on mobile. But of course it's not my decision. I wouldn't say PayPal is nothing, although lot of people hate it, I always prefer paying with it than giving my credit card number to a new merchant. What's the most important for me is that Elon showed people that clean great electric cars are possible (and China already has a higher growth rate in electric cars than Tesla). I'm literally sick of the toxic air pollution that cars make, which is a problem I didn't have when I was younger. I don't think Peter Thiel would have given so much shares to Elon if he didn't think about X.com as a serious competitor. Peter still looks up to Elon for a reason. At the same time Elon is making huge mistakes and huge risks as well (and also has borderline lies that sometimes step over the border), so I'm not saying he's perfect, just the best we have right now. What you describe (and what Google does of course) is closer to the A* algorithm. It doesn't matter why the emergency drivers attacked. It's a hubris of Google Management that they think that they should be the ones who decide whether the victim (the driver) should pursue prosecution or not, and the company should help the driver in his decision, whatever it is. It was very sad to see that the forced arbitration case was handled only for sexual offences, Google management has too much power over employees when they are assaulted. I'm not sure about the laws in US, but the right thing to do would be to get the car towed by the police or the owner of the infrastructure. Also a warning sign about it is needed. I'm happy that 23andMe is using my data for drug research. I don't want companies to read my private messages, but drug companies are trying to fix things in me, and ask for a lot of money in return, which is more fair than what many other companies are doing. Machine learning / AI is generally better payed than web development, as it needs some statistics and math understanding. Also it's good to learn algorithms and data structures, as it's a very valuable skill for job interviews (and also it doesn't hurt to understand them). ,,It's also only by joining a successful startup early that you can get remarkably steep career trajectories, like Jeff Dean'' It's sad that Jeff Dean is the last example the article can give. When evaluating a startup as an investor, I see that while investors get great terms, employees get junk options. So until it changes, I'm just staying with big companies, thank you very much. After I implemented this and compared with just encoding the key with JSON, it turned out that JSON.stringify is so fast, that it's not really worth the effort. Aha, that's true. I wasn't using hash maps when I did this, but what you write makes sense. I agree with everything here, but the biggest problem with this article is that it's - unlike the book it's about - totally boring, doesn't include fact finding, and I can't imagine the writer really taking the time to clean it up and shorten it. I really tried to understand the reasoning within a limited time. Repeating something won't make it true. Most of the Bitcoin core developers were gerting lots of death threats during the blocksize ,,debate''. They blamed the devs for the price of Bitcoin not going up. Often I just wished that core devs stop reading all this and share more videos that I can learn from, but I understand that they couldn't. Why wouldn't she be ok with less money? Money over $10 million is just about power, you have all your needs met. She can get significantly more of course (probably few billions of dollars, why not?), but I don't think she cares about it that much. As MacKenzie went into the background when she wasn't needed anymore (which is not true for power hungry people), she doesn't look like the power hungry person. Sadly with the current asset prices to have a comfortable life in where her friends are, a nice house cost probably millions of dollars. I see, than it's maybe $100M that's mostly enough for that. What's important is that most of the money wouldn't get spent to buy things by Jeff or her. I like power, but I wouldn't go to background if I would be an Amazon cofounder. Another thing that's idiotic is that I can't even find ,,kitchen'' mentioned in the article about food on college campus. Without this top comment I wouldn't have understood the real problem. I mean why would I pay another company for breakfast when making an omlette with some vegetables is so easy? It takes for core developers years of great and conservative technical leadership to get to the point where I would trust them on the few points where a quick decision is needed. For example I'm glad that Luke came up with the idea of the segwit soft fork, but I will never forget his messing with Bitcoin Gentoo packages. The really huge problem would be if the digital signatures would have a weakness. I believe all the other parts of the protocol are simple enough to fix, but there's no mathematical guarantee that the discrete log problem in the Bitcoin elliptic curve is algorithmically hard, we just think it is, because it has the test of time. The HN title is very different from the real problem that the person had (using 1 account by multiple people at the same time, which of course is not allowed if he didn't pay for it). I see, thanks! Maybe a new blog entry with a link to the old topic would have been better to show that there's a real problem. Currently the main contender for replacing Bitcoin Script / adding a new option is Simplicity ( https://blockstream.com/simplicity.pdf ). Simplicity is a typed, combinator-based, functional language without loops and recursion, designed to be used for crypto-currencies and blockchain applications. It aims to improve upon existing crypto-currency languages, such as Bitcoin Script and Ethereum’s EVM, while avoiding some of the problems they face. Simplicity comes with formal denotational semantics defined in Coq, a popular, general purpose software proof assistant. Simplicity also includes operational semantics that are defined with an abstract machine that we call the Bit Machine. The Bit Machine is used as a tool for measuring the computational space and time resources needed to evaluate Simplicity programs. Owing to its Turing incompleteness, Simplicity is amenable to static analysis that can be used to derive upper bounds on the computational resources needed, prior to execution. While Turing incomplete, Simplicity can express any finitary function, which we believe is enough to build useful “smart contracts” for blockchain applications. Peter Thiel was specifically talking about people thinking that the businesses are similar, while they're not. AirBnB has a much higher network effect, because there's a huge difference in the listings, while I don't usually care which taxi company I use. ,,key stakeholders around the Ethereum community have determined that the best course of action will be to delay the planned Constantinople fork that would have occurred at block 7,080,000 on January 16, 2019'' Who are those key stakeholders? And what happens if they don't agree? It was actually a theoritical question...we all know that Ethereum governance at the end is 1 person (I don't want to say his name here, as the blog post didn't mention it). If you look at Bitcoin governance, there's no way a developer (or developer group) would be able to force any hard fork, which means that you can always use the old codebase to verify blocks and send money, and people will accept it. Backwards compatibility will stay with us for a long time. I'm not worried about software developers at all: taxation was already one of the main reason I didn't move to US from Switzerland (Swiss pension system is also amazing). I guess this would just mean even more innovators moving to Switzerland. ,,Even if mining uses clean power, it carries the opportunity cost of not using said power for greener purposes'' - This is totally stupid. By buying solar panels you're making them cheaper, not more expensive. At the same time of course I wish coal would be taxed more, so that people don't use it that much. I don't get the entitlement of people who try to interview with Google. The ROI of a few months (or in my case years) of preparation for a Google interview is huge. In Google you are supposed to work on things for a year before it comes to fruition (and you get promoted), but people are patient. Getting to know a few algorithms is like real work: you put in the effort and you get a nice paycheck at the end. There may be lot of problems with diversity in Facebook, but you can't really be harassed on Blind: it's all about getting real raw opinions. If you don't want that, don't use Blind. The issues of the people who are using blind to voice their opinions are at least as serious as the problems the woman who quit has. I understand that she felt harassed, but the point was not to hurt her, but to organize against her behaviour that others felt was too much. Also the article proved that Blind was needed: Facebook management was looking for the people and they could have got into trouble. Lies are a bad thing, but in this case if you read what people wrote she probably went too far and hurt people who had no other way to defend themselves, but to organize againt her. Also mass lies are hard to do with Blind, as you can't just register 100 users, there are real people working at big companirs behind each user, that's why I like it so much. What you say may be true, but there's a loophole for women that Google does specifically: at least in the Zurich office interns are 90% female. Also Google made a new category, called step interns (interns who are in the first years in university). They generally just need to be young, have good reviews, and this way they just need to get through 1 interview when they are converting to full time engineers. As for old people: don't even try, Google has a huge age bias. Why can't there be multiple victims? People don't just start attacking a person for fun. There's always a reason. You may not agree with me, but in my experience diversity initiatives are nowdays extremely aggressive. Let me guess: you are talking about types and type safety without learning type theory and type algebra. You are just throwing out 1 of the two basic building blocks of type algebra and sticking to your point even though everybody tells you how important it is. Anyways it's ok if you want to be Go specific, this is totally fine. You can bet that 2% will go up fast after a law like this would be passed. It makes a lot of sense actually. At least I see some interesting new original content now. I wish they would try to create less, but more expensive content. The superhero series are for example boring for me because they are cheaply produced (I usually watch them _just_ because of the animations). Having some tax that taxes 10m income is easy. Closing the tax loopholes (like bonuses payed) is extra hard. Are you working overtime? In this case you are making a choice even if it's unconcious. For me the biggest turning point was when I decided that I don't want to get promoted, I only want to make wealth by investing my money (even if it's less money). This frees up a lot of time and energy and simplifies life. This may be the case for many technologies, but clear wins that save lives get fast tracked. It just happened to CTX001. Also older researchers are doing self testing all the time, as they know that they don't have the time to go through regulations. https://www.investors.com/news/technology/crispr-vertex-gene... I'm really happy that the world is shifting from billionaires that just want more money to billionaires that understand that it doesn't mean anything if they don't finance solving the problem of dieing. I view all the polititians who have the power of advancing healthcare research but not doing it stupid. Personally I didn't do a lot of fun stuff (like riding motorcycle, extreme sports) to decrease probability of an accident, even though I'd love to (I'd tried them, loved doing them, but not doing them regurarly). As for cancer and heart disease, both are linked to aging or genetically inherited mutatations. Heart disease is a natural result of damages in the human body not being reversed. https://www.cell.com/fulltext/S0092-8674(00)80567-X A fun thing is that using a function at most once has a strong relationship with linear / unique type system. Of course it would have been even closer to the type system if he wrote that also variables should be used only once, but now Rust showed us how many advantages it can have. It would be also interesting if a function in Rust would have to be cloned to be used multiple times (as it's an expensive operation for inlining), but of course it would have UX disadvantages in the programming language. Bitcoin is at a point in valuation where a huge effort should be put into using formal verification: a bug can worth hundreds of billions of dollars. One problem is that it's already written in C++, which is a language with incredibly complex semantics for program verification (and now it's too hard to move away, so the C++ program has to be proven to be correct). The main blocker is what others have written as well: it's very hard to do the formal verification. If you look at lambda calculus where all values are encoded as functions, the difference between using a value multiple times and using a function multiple times goes away. I'm not a type system expert, but I'm sure some of the theories that work on unique types work on non-function values and function values at the same time. Cardano's proof of stake model has stronger assumptions than proof-of-work (if it wouldn't be the case, and the authors could prove it, they could work on improving Bitcoin itself...but I think they preferred to make money). New altcoins just don't solve the problem of increasing the security of Bitcoin. Schnorr signatures are are great example of not making the cryptographic assumptions stronger (actually making them weaker) while improving the scalability of the system. It looks interesting, but I believe even verifying 100-200 lines in the real Bitcoin consensus code is more useful. All the Bitcoin Core developers know that the Bitcoin implementation is a mess, but they understood that it's just not going away. As for Bitcoin script, there's a plan to upgrade it to Simplicity ( https://blockstream.com/simplicity.pdf ), but even then, the old code will stay (there's a concensus that there won't be any hard forks for a long time unless it's really needed). The last bug was in the caching code (a transaction could slip twice in a block which could lead to inflation), and it was something that only formal verification of inflation in the current code would catch. My biggest worry is with digital signatures in the Bitcoin blockchain: if there's a bug in it, it's over, building trust again is extremely hard. The problem is that there's no such thing as a formal specification when running C++ code, and I believe Coq runs too slow to be practical. We have Rust now as an alternative language, but it's too late to rewrite the consensus code, so we have to work with legacy code. You're right, bonds are globally extremely inflated. It's predictable that people are losing confidence in fiat currencies with such an asset bubble and without a country to escape to anymore. I was proud owner of CHF as an exception from other fiat currencies until it got pegged to EUR. Only? I lost enough money in 1 day that I lost my trust in the Swiss National Bank. I'm not complaining though, I started diversifying to other asset classes and easyly made it back, so I view it as a lesson learned. There are of course worse projects. He was just unlucky that the government made an example of him. Still, probably people in Chinese healthcare research will be more careful from now on probably. It's bad for exporters, great for everybody else in Switzerland. Anyways I didn't own any fiat since then, but of course living with the volatility of other assets have their downsides. I'll move back partly to fiat, as it still has its advantages. Multi-methods really are a lot of fun, but I'm missing the Trait system (instead of the object hierarchy) that makes Rust so modular. I know that there are some tries to put it into Julia, but none of them is well supported. Maybe it works great, but the syntax doesn't feel native to me, and I don't see it used in the standard library, which means that it's not embraced by the language developers. Great, thanks! At the same time Waymo put a lot of money into working with lidars, which helps Waymo to get to Level 4 faster, which is great, but it seems like on long term Elon is right that to get to L5 autonomous cars have to improve enough to be able to work only with cameras and microphone. John may not want to say this. Thiel doesn't have a moral high ground. Just look at how much he talks about the importance of making a monopoly for creating money. I respect him for not saying that he's making the world (or especially U.S.) a better place by going for government contracts. If you listened to the TGIFs made by Eric Schmidt 12 years ago, it was totally different. It looked like there's enough opportunities to make a lot of money without going to the war industry (I can't call defence what the U.S. is doing). What do you think ,,Don't be evil'' means? We (non-Americans) were all writing code and staying at Google in the late evenings, sometimes working on weekends because we really though that Google is different. Of course when 2008 happened, a lot of things changed, the optimism changed to being cautious and more frugal, which everybody understood. Since then Google changed it's motto, but the code and the network effect stayed with it. I see Vue as ,,Angular, the good parts.'' It's not that Angular is that bad, it's more that it was over-engineered (just like TensorFlow compared to pyTorch), but it was the best framework when it came out. Actually no, I didn't work in America, I worked in Switzerland, and worked for Google Switzerland, not that it matters. I was thinking of moving to US before I knew how much less people are payed there generally compared to Zurich, and how hard life is there compared to Switzerland in reality (it's very different compared to what I saw in American movies, but maybe that was my naivity :) ). US ,,defense'' department is killing a lot of people that have done nothing bad. It didn't kill people in my country (I'm lucky that my country joined the EU), but it could have. I'm generally against killing people, but I understand that it's part of the power play governments are doing. Still, I don't want to help it. About the pay: yes, you're right, they payed a lot. When I joined Google the first time in my life, I loved it so much, I would have worked for free, just to be able to read the design docs that weren't available back then, and learn from great people. Own things: I agree with this. The best way to own things is to leave Google/Facebook: What??? I know this is an entrepreneur blog, but what happened to the sentence ,,If you want to be rich don't start a startup''? Most of my friends who are rich are working (or worked) at Google/Facebook and just accumulated assets over time (until they had enough money to stop working). All you need is start accumulating assets as early as possible and get to 15-20x of your salary (at most 10 years if you're really frugal, more if not that frugal). Don't be afraid of not having much cash left if you have a stable job. Storing the Nazi gold was very bad, I agree. But many things that you are refering to as money laundering are just individual privacy rights strongly protected by the constitution that take priority over government needs (which I view as a great thing). Tax heaven: as I see taxes as generally not that well used, I'm happy that Switzerland's goal is not just simply to maximize taxes that it take from other people. What matters is total cost, which decreases. Shipping cost could be 0 at any time if the cost of the bike contains it. What's funny is that we had the same thing in Google Zurich about 10 years ago, and it created a centithread (thread with more than 100 emails) on the internal mailing list. The solution was allowing to be shoeless on the upper floors, but requiring shoes in the cafeteria. Working over 40 hours a week is bad for work-life balance, as the employee won't have enough time to spend his money, but it's a lie that it decreases productivity. The most productive people that I know work more than 40 hours, and I don't think they do it just because they are lazy / stupid. I know Goolgle had an internal experiment in one of the offices to try to stop people to work more than 40 hours, and productivity went down, so they reverted the experiment. For me I just decided that I won't overwork even if it means that I don't get promoted. Cool, please add Google Play link as I almost closed the web site after only seeing Apple store image. Internet? You know you wouldn't be able to take part in this debate without it. I wasn't able to read so many interesting things 20 years ago, and I was behind in everything because I wasn't born at the right place in the world. Not really, I had a friend at Nokia maintaining old code in a team. He was the go-to person for many years without getting promoted to even team leader position. I told him to learn some new language that's used in the company that can be used as a leverage to switch companies as well if he isn't getting promoted, and try to switch. 1 year later he's working on writing new application load balancers in go, and he's loving it, and getting more money for it, and he can easily switch to other company if he wants to. Of course the old team really misses him, but they didn't value him high enough, so they lost the best person on their team. Although I would prefer to not ever see Fortran code (as I don't know how to call into it easily, C implementations are easier to embed in any language), some numerical methods with simple code but heavy math are just not reimplemented too often. I believe the real value in Fortran is in these libraries that handle numerical edge cases as well. It would be much easier to move them to a newer language if they would contain unit tests, but they usually don't, so it's just not worth the risk sometimes. Is Fortran really the best language or it's just too hard to rewrite the code in C / Rust / Julia? I believe it's just easier to wrap it, as it contains tricky numerical edge cases that are too complex to understand for an average software programmer. Matmul is a very common operation, you get problems when you have more exotic computations. As an example where it got harder for me to find code is numerical CDF function approximation for bivariate / trivariate normal distributions. This is of course just my example, but I'm sure there are a lot of similar operations that are really hard to rewrite because the math is so complex. If it's so easy can you show me an example code for it? The speed doesn't matter, it's the algorithm that's important. Please make sure that you handle all the numerical instabilities, and show me the Julia code for binomial and trinomial normal CDF computation that is not using integration, but a fast, correct and precise approximation. Sure, it really depends a lot on the situation. Jumping around is just as bad as rotting in a place, but I wanted to share my example because it was a clear cut case when my friend tried everything to fix the local situation first. It's cool, thank you very much! I was looking at Distributions.jl when I was searching for it, but didn't find it there. Link to original article: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2019/01/iran-inches-closer-un... Compilation speed should be part of the benchmarks, as it's critical for WebASM. The best would be to use the Clang optimization setting with the most similar compilation speed to compare runtime speeds. As an example the article mentions suboptimal register allocation, but without compile time comparision there's no way to know if there really is a simple way to improve WebGL implementation. The real ethical question is not asked: should a driverless car be allowed on the street if it waits 10 minutes at the left turn while making a traffic jam? Real autonomous cars are already making real problems. I believe it's Waymo's job to take over the left turns if the waiting line is too long. Actually I'm really happy that I was informed from my young age that smoking decreases my life expectancy. I never smoked in my life (except once-twice for trying it out). I wish I knew this for air pollution as well, as I didn't care about it, and now I'm feeling the consequences every day. Just the fact that smoking can lead to cancer is a recent development that improved the lives of so many people, it's statistically significant in the average life expectancy of the human race. But to get here it took fight from many researchers, regulators and non-profit organizations. This has nothing to do with common sense. One more thing: have you seen the video of the child who's smoking at 2? Is he doing it because he's lacking common sense? Actually yes, it's really hard to write a test without mocking for an existing (non-pure) API. You know people need money for food and shelter, and sometimes to survive and feed your family you need to make tough choices /s Again as usual people were stealing lots of money (not just the banks), and they aren't even named, and they won't go to prison. These ,,charges'' are part of the cost of doing ,,business'' ‘I was framed by UBS’: Tom Hayes’ letters from prison Incarcerated former trader blames himself for trusting colleagues and superiors, laments his inability to push his side of the scandal in the press during the trial https://www.fnlondon.com/articles/i-was-framed-by-ubs-tom-ha... Trump was also speaking down on the stock market bubble and the inflated banking system...until he was elected. How good are you in algorithms? At the end interview performance is what really matters, not programming experience. You may day it's not fair, but it's at least a transparent process. The most important problem for me at living in a similar place was just one thing: lack of women. I was compensated for not having a girlfriend, as it is a scarce resource that a high salary can't buy. By looking back in my life to those years, it wasn't worth it. Average person with less intelligence is capable of doing the same thinking, just slower. I believe that the problem is that STEM classes aren't separated by the speed of thinking. Also easier for a person to accept that he/she just doesn't get math, instead of the fact that he/she is thinking slower than other people. I found myself thinking slower as I get older (and having more health problems), but so far I was able to counteract the disadvantages with better life decisions, so actually I have a happier life. The original naming of inflation meant inflating the money supply, but of course this is something.the central banks don't want people to talk about (and central banks arw tightly controlling what's taught in macroeconomy). From Wikipedia: Historically, rapid increases in the quantity of money or in the overall money supply have occurred in many different societies throughout history, changing with different forms of money used. For instance, when gold was used as currency, the government could collect gold coins, melt them down, mix them with other metals such as silver, copper, or lead, and reissue them at the same nominal value. By diluting the gold with other metals, the government could issue more coins without increasing the amount of gold used to make them. I don't care if a person uses a drug, as it doesn't affect my health. But tobacco smokers directly effect me. I'm a very slow CYP1A1 metabolizer, which means that my lungs are not able to detoxificate smoke / air pollution like most people, and it effects me probably much more than you. Also if smoking is generally prohibited somewhere, I can go there to speak with the person to stop smoking, and that's enough for me, I wouldn't care if people did it _inside_ their own home. It sounds interesting, it' s more likely the number of associations than working memory, as I always had very bad working and long term memory compared to other people, still I was the best in elementary class in math without any studying (of course this changed after I went to a school specialized in math). The worst thing in promoting their app is that I would gladly use it if it was faster than a web site, but it loads so much slower that it's just a much worse experience. Google realized that load times are critical 20 years ago. Facebook realized it when Google was launching G+. These settings look like something that's great for mobile phones. On mobile there's native GMail app, so this isn't a problem. That's cool, I have nothing against improving the experience of any site :) Also so much fun. Sometimes working alone is more productive than working in a team of 5 (8 is too much for me), but having 5 people in a room is the best way to learn from others and build something together while not slowing others down too much. Yes, Google transformed from an engineering driven organization to a tech driven one. Still, they want to make moneycin developing countries with crappy internet connections as well, so Google doesn't have any choice, it still has to look at latencies. The Modin project should work on merging the implementation to the original Pandas project, so that parallel / non-parallel algorithms could be mixed. Drop in replacements don't work, as they are not 100% compatible with the original project. I would prefer to pass an optional parallel=true parameter to some functions in the API, or have a configuration setting that can fall back to non-parallel implementation. This is a marketing article, but at least it's fun to read. Is this the fuzzing tool that was used to find bugs in Bitcoin? I don't see it in the repository. What are these living standards? Bay area is one of the worst places to find a girlfriend though, so if this is important for you, you need to move to a place with different supply/demand balance. I see, yes, that's something important to filter for. Also having a cleaning lady is critical when you're working at an office job. Anyways I have a girlfriend who is much more organized than me, and she happily does things after me as well (in return I bring her to restaurants all the time, and paying for everything in our lives, as I have much higher income). If you find a great partner, life gets easier. I'm travelling a lot, spending about half year every year separate from her. I usually go to hotels, use laundry service and have cleaning lady come multiple times per week. I realized some time ago that I hate house work so much that it's just not worth for me to do it and leave it to other people who like it more than me. Also for me it takes about 3x the time to do the same house work as other people. The great thing in specialization is that everybody does what he/she is good and efficient at and/or likes. ,,Or can't abstain from eating cake every other day because it'd offend their partner to reject something they made.'' This sounds crazy... though I'd never reject a cake that my girlfriend makes. She's a dietitian, 45kg (99 lbs) / 165cm, and I admire her discipline in restricting the amount of both fat and sugar in her diet (and the food she makes...you know cakes don't have to be that bad). She's my model for eating healthy. At the same time I was 2-3 times in the U.S., and I went into a fast restaurant once, as I didn't know where I should go to eat (later I found out about Whole foods, that was my go to fast food location). What was really funny for me, that you could buy 1l of coke, and you could refill it for free. I thought it's just marketing, as I wouldn't imagine any person being able to drink more than 1l of that sh*t. Guess what, I was disproved in 5 minutes. I mean do people really hate living that much in the U.S.? Why are you ex algo trader? It still seems like a growing market, so it's interesting that you stopped doing it. I'm right now working on optimizing my long term investment strategy, but the hardest thing is that there's nobody to talk to it about it (unlike when I have other coding problems), and I have no idea when I'm doing something totally stupid in my code base. Getting the right metrics to optimize is really hard, as mostly I'm just looking at numbers and graphs. I looked at Kelly criterion, and what's interesting is that I was just thinking yesterday about whether I should optimize E(log(wealth)) - c * std(log(wealth)) or E(wealth) - c * std(wealth) The first one is better for building up wealth over a long time, but when I looked at Modern Portfolio Theory, it is suggesting to use the second formula. I'm also planning to spend about 5% of my wealth every year, and the second number gives me lower risk in the short time frame, so I think something in the middle would be a better criterion. Deep learning is already able to find the ads even within video content, so the cat-and-mouse game is still on :) Of course locking down the computer helps. Achieving even 100x improvement in the energy efficiency of training / inferencing neural networks sounds too good to be true. Still, as ASICs are getting to their limits, it makes sense to try lower level changes in the architecture. Although I haven't been to Toronto, there's an alternative to zoning: great public transportation. In Zurich I can get from any place to any other place easily because the tram/bus/train connections are always waiting for each other, and are almost never too early / late. People can use cars if they need it, but it shouldn't be the first choice generally. Zurich is very expensive, so of course I'm not saying this. But it's a beautiful city, so by allowing destroying its center and making houses higher you trade something for something else. To tell you the truth I'm all for getting rid of zoning generally, but it's not as clear cut case as making sure that trains / trams / metros / buses are clean, and run on time, never too crowded, and have predictable connections. Many of my colleagues were living outside Zurich in smaller towns / villages (me too), and we could get to work in 20 minutes, which was for me great actually, I loved sitting on the train and enjoying the beautiful view. I believe the solution is to be informed. Most of the problems I read about here in HN from founders come from information asymmetry: VCs have much more experience in negotiating. Still, I can't pity the founders, as it's always the employees in startups that get the worst deal. I was working only 1 year at a startup in my life as an employee, and I got burned out after 1 year. Working at a big company is so much easier, as it has the network effect already. I see. It's just so easy to get to a few million dollars of wealth over time if somebody's good enough to get to a big company and invest with a healthy diversification. I really don't understand why people are risking that to be a billionaire with a small probability, when the difference in the lifestyle that that money allows is probably not that big. I'm sure it's cool to be a billionaire for some time, but also it probably wears out quite fast when you get back to work. I think think in the future the lightning network will be great for subsidising cost for hosting open source, non profit internet infrastructure. We already have projects like Tor and FreeNet, but without micropayments they are not scalable solutions. Lightning network still needs about 10 years to become practical for every day use though. Is there an inverse mode where it removes the laugh track? Even though Hungary has a great, safe, fun culture, young people who can are running away to Western Europe because of the huge corruption that's going on in Hungary compared to the size of the country. Don't let the strongly manipulated voting system that favors villages instead of representation in the number of people make you think that Orban is popular. Many people outside Budapest still like him, but more and more people come to realize that power concentrated in one hand is dangerous. As for me I'm a big believer in decentralization (Bitcoin) helping to solve some of the political problems, but of course there's still a lot to do to undo the centralization that's going on in the judicial system and the media. I think autonomous drivers as amazing as they help the economy of cars to go from gas to electric much faster. I just hate air pollution as I'm feeling its toxic effects on my body much heavier than other people. On the other hand I'm sceptical that any company can compete with Waymo's experience or Tesla's amount of data. Tesla's business model of giving away sensors for free gave it an enormous advantage in acquiring data (which is crucial for deep learning ). I don't like the jokes in any movie that needs a laugh track anyways, so I don't have this problem :) But it's a fun deep learning excercise. This looks like false advertising to me, they should get a class action lawsuit. The CEO knows that he's hurting existing consumers when he's selling the company to Amazon. Using the wrench solution just doesn't make sense when Chinese people care about privacy in general even less than American people. Reinforcement learning can be used to improve theorem proving, but it probably needs more research: https://arxiv.org/abs/1805.07563 Engineers lost a lot of their power from the Eric Schmidt days. It's the PMs that are fighting for controlling engineers now, and killing projects that the engineers are working on (thereby stopping engineers from getting the promotion they work for). The promotion process is how you described though, PMs don't get promoted for maintaining projects, or even improvement on some metrics (that engineers are very good at), they always want new shiny stuff to brag about. Shouldn't all code be gradually updated to use Rust libraries when they exist? Is it a stupid idea? I know it's a lot of work, but the Android/Chrome teams are big, and this is important enough work that could improve the security of the systems. $1M is nothing when you could double it in a few years. Anyways good luck with your startup, and you can always go back, and take your quitting just as a vacation (many of my friends and I were doing the same thing, it's totally normal). Here we're talking about PNG format, for which a codec already exists. I was asking about the integration work, exporting high quality Rust libraries with a C API and calling from Skia for example. It's an interesting question whether fuzzing or replacing is the better way to go. Newer Rust libraries can have other (unknown) problems, that's why I was interested in which is the statistically better solution for improving the code base. But from what you wrote, it sounds more like what's simpler to implement for the team gets done. Actually Rust _is_ a silver bullet, that's why it's so exciting. System level programming memory safety was a dream for a long time. Go is not capable of this at all, so it's out of question for replacing low level libraries. It's cool, I knew this is happening, but didn't know the code name for it. The big thing will be when WebRender is shipping to Firefox. The plan for C++ / Rust interop sounds amazing. Anyways the main question is whether other companies should reuse the work already done by the great Mozilla team. The main problem is that being secure doesn't increase the revenue of companies substantially, otherwise C/C++ programs would be rushing to Rust. Still, the speed of improvement is great. I'd love to see Firefox take over Chrome in speed and show that C++ is getting closer to being an outdated language. It's good to have bad coders. Not everybody can have an exceptional IQ. Not everybody can be good, but everybody deserves a chance to be a coder. There are real problems that can be solved by a bad coder as well, that may help your life some day. Great coders are needed for large, scalable, hard problems, but there are little things they don't have time to work on. I refuse to acknowledge that C++ is clearly more flexible than Rust. My favourite counterexample is Rayon. Even if you are able to implement something similar in C++ (I tried it), the job of the C++ compiler with understanding when it can inline functions without overhead gets so hard (vs the Rust compiler), that it becomes inpractical. Generally this has been my experience with higher order programming in C++ actually. In Switzerland / Swisscom internet vs landline it's the same. Young girls/women have much more sexual value than young guys in general, so it makes sense for them to invest more in their social life and looks, and less in their future earning potential. Still, it can be changed: in China studying is increasing social value much more than in Europe / US for example. The worst thing is that Cloudfare is using ReCaptcha, and it's everywhere. The internet is broken at this point. They could use a memory-hard hashing function, like ARGON2 for proof of work, it would make spamming much harder. It looks really nice. It should be default for the TOR browser for sure, if just a few people use it, it decreases the anonimity set. Cool, I'll try it out the next time I have a problem with using TOR. You're right that ARGON2 doesn't help if CPUs/RAM are free, it just makes parallelization hard. I see..the goal of ARGON2 is not to be expensive, but to be hard to parallize. Anyways the other points that you wrote make sense. Liquid from Blockstream is actually doing what you're describing, but as fairly and openly is possible. The company itself doesn't have any operating nodes (JPMorgan has), Liquid is open source ( https://github.com/Blockstream/liquid ) and public, just the operating nodes are selected in a controlled, centralized, but geographically distributed way. Another difference is that Liquid allows 2-way pegging to BTC, but allows other (for example fiat based) tokens to issued as well (but not part of Blockstream's business model), and the transaction types and values are encrypted. I just moved some math heavy code from Ruby to Julia and was surprised how easy it was. By far the biggest difference was the 1-based indexing. Moving to Rust would taken me much more time, though in Julia it's harder for me to optimize the low level details. It's the same from Colombia, so I just commented on the title :) It's bad for me too, also missing some other features of Ruby (for example or, and keywords; ,,if'' keyword as a modifier, using blocks for passing a function as a parameter for functions), but there were some great surprises: the windows support seams superior to Ruby's, where I get a lot of compile errors; of course more/better math libraries. Maybe this is a stupid idea, but at this point the economy is tied to 0-based indexing so much, that I would rather get math moved to 0-based indexing, than computing to 1-based indexing. Being able to easily port code between languages (and math articles) is important, when there's no clear winner, I like consistency. Actually what's funny here is that (index - 1) % N doesn't work in C, as it can be negative. You have to use (index+N-1) % N. I still prefer 0 based indexing (for example for calculating the size of an array), but the worst thing is inconsistency between languages. 0 won, that's it. A lot of new very important papers in i.e. machine learning, quantitative finance come _after_ being implemented in computer code. I just looked at some, and they already seem to use 0 index for the initial states / base layer... here's just one example, where 0 and 1 based indexing is mixed, but I see it everywhere: https://arxiv.org/pdf/1804.02717.pdf I'm looking forward to computers generating short clips from these stories. I wouldn't be surprised if some of them get viral (especially if A/B testing would be incorporated by looking at when the users stop watching the videos). Don't worry, when you have real problems you will have time to learn. Most of the time is not even data cleaning, but debugging, getting into the details of the data or code written by somebody else to understand why something is not working (and there's always something that's not working :) ). The main differentiator is whether you have interest / patience for that or not. At this point I would be surprised if Google wouldn't be doing the same thing. Governments will get even more jealous at some points, but it seams like that won't help, as politicians don't understand tech. This makes sense together with algebraic data types, but I'm not sure if that's implemented. It's OK, it's good direction, so I won't complain. I'm also working remotely and whenever I move to a new city I find the nicest coffee place and spend half of my work time there to be around people. ,,.dev lets your clients know what you do before they even open your site.'' I hate the new trend of companies having multiple domains with different TLDs, as I never know this way if it's the same company or not. Good luck to them, but new money is coming fast. They either go along with great new tech investments or lose out over time. Maybe I was just lucky in the past years, but as a person working in tech, coming from a poor family, but with access to great education, I see beating the market as easy. I won't give tips here, because I'm in the minority and I would be voted down (which I see as a prerequisite for making returns). Land is worth a lot, and still more than other assets, but relative value of non-tangible assets are increasing exponentially compared to land. It looks like it was 5 months ago, not much after Microsoft bought GitHub. It looks like they do enterprisy things already that will make people like GitLab better. That was very strange for me as well, as the original stated goal of OpenAI was to decentralize power. It looks like instead of that they just want to be one more of the few powerful entities. Couldn't the same algorithm with different parameters be used to increase cache utilization? Elon Musk was kicked out because he poached Andrej Karpathy from OpenAI to lead Autopilot. Anyways, it was worth it, Andrej is doing an amazing job, and OpenAI is still alive :) Transferwise is maybe the real reason why this law is created. It gives bad reputation to the banking system. I have seen this change when I was working at Google. The key problem was that the PM to Engineer ratio increased in the company, and we were getting a lot of extra work from the PMs that looked nice on paper, were easy to understand, but didn't have a real positive impact on the customer. This extra work completely blocked us from improving the performance of the product. Facebook is one of the most successful companies in the last 10 years by any possible metric. The fact that you like it or not doesn't change whether it's successful or not. It usually came from sales and other teams. The big difference that I saw is that in the past to give an engineering team work from another team meant that the other team's TL had to convince the TL of the team to take the work, and the TL had enough context to push back (which I believe is the best thing to do in most of the cases). In the old Google PMs were working on promoting the work of engineering teams and communicating with sales/ops, but didn't have a strong power over the direction of the work of the engineering teams. Their time was a scarce resource to be used by the team, not extra bosses. In the new Google, PMs have a lot of time that they are using for fighting with each other to have some feature implemented that they are pushing. Also the best PMs in the old Google had some engineering background, and were doing log analysis without asking help from the engineers for every question. I'm sure the happiness of people decreased over the last 10 years, but I believe that it's because of the bigger division between rich and poor people. Personally I'm not a fan of Facebook, as I saw my home city (Budapest) becoming from a nice livable city to a tourist destination / loud party / get drunk fast city between 2008 and 2010 (and it hasn't gone back), and I believe Facebook took part in that (of course later AirBnB helped, but AirBnB was much smaller in that point). As for other effects, like making people less connected in real life, and more through computers, it has good and bad side effects, I'm torn whether things got better or worse. (Also I don't post too often to Facebook, so I'm not a good person to judge it). Did you really expect Tesla to launch full driving? They started with being 5 years behind Waymo and without lidars or high resolution mapping, precise GPS sysyem that Waymo has...basically Elon wanted the impossible. At the same time Andrej dropped out the idea of a fully learned end-to-end model (that's just impossible with the current deep learning technology), and started replacing the somewhat working heuristics with machine learning methodically one-by-one. Also he ramped up the data gathering pipeline. He needs to build the full simulation, agent systems that can simulate other drivers/humans, implement reverse reinforcement learning...there's so much to do where Waymo is far ahead (but Tesla is ahead in data gathering). ,,In other words, natural selection and cyborgization as humanity spreads throughout the cosmos will result in species diversification. At the same time, expanding across space will also result in ideological diversification'' I see the opposite happening already. There was a comparison on instagram made, that concluded that the cafe places all around the world are converging to the same look. There are still tensions between countries, but the number of people killed in wars is exponentially decreasing compared to the number of people living. I would love to see a Reddit/HN clone where it matters which people I personally vote up. I know it gets me closer to a bubble, but I don't care about that Twitter is somewhat good for this, but it's the opposite end: not diverse enough for me to get enough content. As usual assumptions are much stronger than what Bitcoin has. I'm really sorry about the fact that this currency is voted up so much. ,,Hard questions do filter out bad engineers, but they also filter out good engineers (that is, they have a high false-negative rate). Easy questions, in contrast, produce fewer false-negatives but more false-positives'' The philosophy at Google is that it's better to filter out 3 good engineers than to let in a bad one. The consequence of this is that it's really hard to get kicked out of Google. The other part (whether it's more important to work on long easier questions to see how the candidate works on a large code base) is orthogonal reasoning, and that part may be true, depending on what type of engineers somebody is looking for. Sure, it's something not to be copied by a small company. But it's important to understand for good developers that they can be great and still fail the process (they just have to prepare again adn reapply) For me not being afraid to get kicked out of my workplace was a good thing. Also most of my colleagues were amazing, I miss talking to them, but at the same time I don't miss what the top management has become. This is sadly true, but even more true for PMs, the average engineering skill required to be inside the organization went down. When Eric Schmidt was selected as the CEO, having a strong engineering background was a requirement for him, and he was great at connecting with engineers inside the organization (probably not that great with connecting with sales, they had to accept that Google was an engineering driven organization in the past, now it's a mix). The solution would be a node standard library project that contains the slowly moving parts of the 1500 dependencies, which means that it doesn't need too much maintainence. I don't understand why the companies that depend on webpack haven't built a project like this yet (and made sure that the important projects use that library), but I believe it's just a matter of time. Where are those 15 efforts? I don't see any effort to take a hard look at combining the most used few hundred libraries into a collection of a few libraries. It's hard and boring work also. It made sense for a long time that picking robots are coming, whats more interesting for me is the timing: it seems like they will mature at the same time as self driving cars Some of the conspiracy theories have been proven true already by Wikileaks and Edward Snowden. Just because something is a theory doesn't mean that it's true or false. What we know already is that powerful organizations have secrets that they spend big money on protecting. The difference now is that with the internet the time for which a secret can be kept shortened significantly. It would be fun to see the cached history with results for us who don't wanna wait :) S10 phones are just evolution on S9. I usually buy every 2 year (my S9 plus is working perfectly), so I'll probably just skip it and buy S11, but I consider smart phones as a mature category, much more excited with spending my money to buy a Tesla (and I never bought a new / almost new car in my life). This may be true, but also it's one of the most dangerous times to invest in S&P 500: there hasn't been a recession for more than 10 years, which is pretty unique. Of course this is not a problem if somebody really takes a 50 year view. You mean arbitration is a good thing. Yes it is. Forced arbitration is taking away the option of going to court. I would say no to the people who say it's good to have a startup when you're young. For investing and money compounding the first 5-10 years of your working life are the most important. If you want to make a lot of money, I would look at investing (especially commodities now that stocks/bonds/houses are overvalued) instead of trying a startup. Most people get rich ($3M+) by investing and letting compounding do its job. Doing a startup is risky, investing can be done in a relatively safe way. If you really want a startup for some non-money related reason, you can do it when you have money in your bank account. I was working at Google and I'm really happy to read what's going on on Blind to be able to talk about the worst problems that are going on that you can't talk about on the internal system. At the same time it's still a great place to work at as long as you find the right team (especially team lead). I'm sorry for you, I know heavy is the age bias in the industry. Get a software engineering job at a company thst has hardware engineering as well, it's usually easier to switch as an insider. I'm moving my code that uses statistics from Ruby to Julia, and I love the similarities. Of course 1 based indexing makes the move harder, but it's worth the effort anyways. I'm trying to embrace 1 line functions as much as I can, and Julia helps me with it's special notion for short function definition. You have to use it inside a REPL, like R or Matlab. Julia using LLVM and compiling on-the-fly is not sloppy design, it's a design tradeoff (and a great one, if you really need speed). Julia is not a scripting language, it's a language for mathematical analysis. Also going back to your example the solution would be to use ImageMagick.jl from Julia, and extend the library (4 extra lines with ccall) if it's not available, and send a pull request to help the community. I'm not a Julia developer, but the great thing with Julia is that the libraries are exceptionally easy to read and extend, because the core developers make a strong effort to write clean code. Just look at ImageMagick.jl and you'll see, but I have the same experience with other libraries as well. Also the language itself supports extending code (multiple dispatch really helps it to stay clean). Macs are heavily used as development machines, so it won't be locked down for programming. It will be the first machine with programming capabilities with awesome battery life. What's even more fun is that it can mean that some companies switch to ARM servers if their environment works well for development (just what Linus told that it won't happen) It's sad and strange at the same time that the market isn't reacting. Early employees shouldn't accept the huge difference between preferred and normal stock options, they should exactly understand how much their stock will be diluted at the point when they can sell it. Anyways these kind of HN threads are awesome, I hope they can rationalize the market somewhat. Why did you work there for 3 years? Was there any particular reason why you accepted bad terms? You're leaving $90k/year with its compounding interest on the table. Trust me, $90k/year is nothing compared to what it will worth in 20 years if you invest it. I'm 36 and my life is just getting easier every year while I see people around me working their asses off and being stressed over time. It looks like the answer is not yet: The article writes more than 5 years, but it will probably come some time. I like it as well, but Netflix blocks it much more than a year ago...it's a shame, because I travel a lot, and changing country means that I can't finish a series that I was watching in another country I'm using ExpressVPN Miami servers to video chat to Europe from Colombia, and the quality of the video feed is day and night. A part of the development of new Tesla car features, and the deal with Australian battery plant were happening on Twitter with his account. Closing it down would hurt Tesla. The solution is having a reviewer for each tweet, just how Elon and SEC agreed. It was PR, and maybe a stunt as well, but it worked. It put a huge social pressure on the corrupt Australian politicians who kept the electricity system in their country far behind what Australia can afford. The public actually deserves to take part in what their tax payments are used for. Maybe they are from Russia and China? How would you feel about working for the military against your own country? When I agreed to the contract for Google, my contract said ,,don't do evil'', not ,,work for a company that contracts to the US military'' Things work out well if you use Mars years (1.9x) Tesla's growing 50% / year, and the valuation shows expected future earnings. Only some Chinese electric car companies grow faster than Tesla. So far it looks like in 10 years electric cars will get cheaper than gas cars, which makes the case for the future earnings potential. Probably you're right, but I still hope not. Elon Musk just redefined the expression full self driving to having all the features for self driving in the last conference call, like detecting signs and changing lanes automatically. Of course we know that it's very far from it (even though I believe Tesla is doing the data gathering part extremely well) I was living in Zurich and before Tinder I had no idea how much difference can my sexual value be between cities. I really wish I knew that my dating life would have been so much easier if I move to NYC. I don't know anything about what happened, but something doesn't add up. Why would a CFO of a successful company resign just because he doesn't have global banking experience? Sounds like BS. Generally yes, but those are formal announcements, where the title is not ,,Let me set the record straight''. It's like saying that I'll be honest with you, and continue lying. I would say Bitcoin has the same issues as TCP/IP in 1984. It's just 10 years old. Developers know what to do (Eltoo, Schnorr signatures, better multisig for hardware wallets, watchtowers, better routing, AMP, Lightning support for exchanges), but implemention speed is limited, and just simply adding more developers or even complaining about lack of UX won't make it faster. Also people with Bitcoin don't accept the ,,move fast and break things'' mantra, because it's money. I like the cautious speed of development, it helps build my trust in Bitcoin. What's really interesting for me in Atlas Shrugged is the way people are going back to sound money by leaving the hyperinflationary fiat system. When I read the book, I thought that gold is just some symbol/metaphor, but not something important. Since then I learned more about the way money works and realized that it wasn't a metaphor at all, and I'm seeing how history repeats itself, and people haven't learned from the mistakes that were made 80 years ago. Try it. I don't think you will be successful. I think you underestimate the amount of money it took Uber to get the network effect in each city to have enough drivers. At this point it's easy to keep it up. It's not clear what is the main problem this talk/slides want to solve. There's a lot of research and advancement in the things that matter: - Rust is showing how linear types can get a nice balance between safe systems and great resource usage. - GPUs and TPUs are the next-gen somewhat general purpuse computer hardware, but none of them came from operating systems research - containers partially solve the resource sharing problem, though Plan 9 what the author refers to is probably a better system design for containers. At the same time there's a huge pressure at the big companies to improve resource sharing (like the performance and UX of lambda functions) while minimizing the side channel vulnerabilities, so I don't think there's no money put into it (this is a multi-billion dollar problem for these companies, and the CEOs know it, as they have to keep building the datacenters). These are just a few examples from all the advancements that were happening, I don't see any reason why universities would do so much better than companies. I agree that Linux' design sucks, but I don't agree in the operating system taking the role of distributed computing. Distributed computing is really hard because all applications are efficient with different computing/storage models. You can look at Redis, BigTable, PostgreSQL, TensorFlow, MapReduce just as an example. There's no reason why you couldn't do deep learning on top of any of them (they are all generic enough to execute the algorithms), but you can easily have a 100000x speed in execution speed, in which case being compatible doesn't have any advantage. Although as many people wrote he shouldn't have done this without first contacting Google, I agree that Android allows the developers too much without asking user permission. Google had many years to fix this issue, but it doesn't take it seriously. This is scary way of thinking: ,,At this time there are no facts on the cause of the accident other than news reports,” American Airlines said. “We have full confidence in the aircraft and our crew members, who are the best and most experienced in the industry.” The airline added it would continue to monitor the investigation into the crash. An investigation that starts with having full confidence is not a real investigation. First get the facts, then have confidence. It's money and position together. Elon is strategically important for the US at this point, putting him to jail would wipe out billions of dollars of the US stock market, and SpaceX may be part of the future of US defense. Just go to Blind. He is doing micromanaging. Also he is ,,managing by Twitter''. Whether that is good or bad is not clear, but so far he has a great track record. Just look at the $35k Tesla that he pulled off by kicking out sales. A regular CEO wouldn't have done that. With all the chaos it has caused, Elon understands that at this point price is the most important part in the decision for buying a Tesla for lots of people, and paying sales just hinders selling. Can you imagine any person iterating as fast as Elon, manufacturing in US, while the company is surviving? His management is extremely dangerous to the future of his competitors. The only car companies that are growing faster than Tesla are Chinese. I agree with you that he's not an exception, but at the same time I got a chronic sickness from the air pollution that's caused by oil and diesel car companies, and I know that millions of other people are dying, so I still think that other car company CEOs are even more shitty. Of course he feels genuine remorse for his actions, just like a thief after getting caught. It still doesn't mean that the thief shouldn't go to jail. He feels that he did something bad, but he shouldn't: maybe RMS would be the only one in this world refusing that amount of money for his ideals. Also the huge debt people are forced into is because of extra low interest rates set by the central banks. The last similar situation was 100 years ago. I'm still not sure if SENS should stay non-profit. It produced great results, it would get much more money if it would convert to a for profit company. At the same time it's important to keep the control near Aubrey de Grey, as he has a great track record of staying focused. Google tried exactly this with Google+, and it failed. Facebook is optimized for network effects, and every feature / acquisition is decided upon that 1 criteria whether it increases network effects or not. The main goal of going for a for profit company would be to increase funding. It's sad that Vitalik Buterin had to be the biggest donation giver when there are so many people much richer than him (and with shorter expected remaining lifespan). Do you realistically think that it will not be worth to scale the solution? Many medications stay expensive because not big enough number of people are affected. Also don't think U.S. only: how do you stop people from going to China to get the cheap (but well tested) copy of a medication? Not really. What you're talking about works with solutions that are minimizing the damages building up in your body, but Audrey is specifically researching repairing the damages. Yes, actually companies trying to cure Alzheimer disease started as research in SENS. It's quite easy to catch this behaviour by issuing unique queries and looking at Google web server logs. Which means that all these companies have to get permission from Google for repackaging the results. I would gladly pay with Bitcoin on the Lightning network to get internet access, but the market is not ready yet. It looks like it's just 18 companies, and the profit is not big enough for China to protect them instead of playing by the rules. CO2 is a much harder case because of the pervasive oil lobby. The interesting part was while not the whole EU does the protest? It would send a clearer message. Aha, I see, that makes sense, still 4 countries are not that many Business cycles are the effect of under/overinvestments. With Bitcoin it's much harder to get a loan with near-0 interest rates, as money can't be printed out of thin air. The banks would have a real risk of not getting back their investment when they would be lending, so they would be forced to be much more conservative. The power would shift to angel investors, who use their own money to invest in / lend to businesses. Sure, you can create a currency which can have bail outs by having a magic private key for yourself, just like how central banks work right now. Good luck getting other people to use that currency though :) Ethereum has very different philosophy (just as an example it's supposed to be an universal computer, not a cryptocurrency). I'm in the Bitcoin camp, and I think that the Ethereum developers are not careful enough with the changes they make to a multibillion dollar system, but you are right, many people like to use it. I would have been much more interested in using deep learning to make human faces more realistic. Somebody was experimenting with it in the past quite successfully IIRC, but I'd love to try it on a real game. I believe ,,let's change the world'' was most of the time a way for employers/shareholders to make employees work insane hours. Elon Musk is changing the world, works insane hours, but still lives the billionaire lifestyle by lending against his Tesla stock, while the other employees just get the insane hours part. The Boing accidents showed that technological progress doesn't help in minimizing errors, as there's always a higher incentive of minimizing costs in the implementation, even if the plan is safe. A very important thing we can do is to limit the possible worst case scenario. Do you have any evidence that the same thing can't happen to a nuclear reactor? (Actually there are quite a few for the opposite as far as I know) If you look at Fukushima disaster, it was not a design problem either, but maintainence problem. It was probably running more without modifications than it was designed for. There were updates suggested to modernize the facility, but for cost cutting purposes they were ignored: https://m.phys.org/news/2011-03-iaea-japan-nuclear-quake-wik... It always comes down to cost cutting when the accidents are rare enough. Google is your friend: The heart has every other muscle in the body beat by producing between 1 and 5 watts If you want to go to Switzerland and earn 200k, just go to Google and get promoted there. It's far the most fun workplace in Zurich. It also helps if you're a female intern/step intern, the male-female ratio for interns is about 1:5 . Please take out uh/um/yeah. It's really disturbing in reading the text. I understand that you didn't want to over-edit it (and I am thankful for it), but right now not having complete sentences makes it much harder to understand what Peter's saying. Try to think about whether he himself would have written down his thoughts this way. ,,Concurrency is generally a bad thing'' Easy speedup of processors ended. Not using system resources efficiently is not sustainable long term. Mozilla created Rust to be able to use the multi-core hardware (especially on mobile phones), thereby improving battery usage as well for rendering web pages. Rust has it's C++ style problems (compiling time, not good enough IDE support), but the dev team knows about them, and hopefully improve them in the next years. The main problem with C++ are not the new features, but the old obsolate ones. It's too late to fix the language. I'm not sure why I'm being downvoted...I'd love to have an explanation from that person of how much diamond inheritance benefits our lives and makes it so much simpler to write maintainable code. > But Google keeps making their own special PhD driven darlings. I'm really sorry that you have this feeling, but this has nothing to do with PhDs. It's impossible to get promoted by bug fixes inside Google, and people are promotion driven. There were many people who tried hard to fix a lot of bugs, but they usually burn out due to lack of recognition inside Google. The key question is the bottom-line, as you wrote. Management is really hard to scale, but right now innovation is a better prediction of growth than bug fixes, so I think it's not even clear how to improve the promotion process without hurting growth of the company. I think Google is too big at this point already, but that's an orthogonal question. I agree with you with most things, but bad team is bad team everywhere, and it can ruin your life and career. It's important to recognize it and switch teams inside the company after 1-2 years if it's needed. Don't assume anything. They are not using GPUs and from the paper it looks like they haven't thought about it. I think a GPU cluster would be a speedup, but big number multiplication is relatively slow on GPUs, so maybe not as big speedup as with other algorithms. Generally yes, but actually porting this is probably a fun pet project that could be done in a few weeks for fun to find the secret number for 42 :). It's too bad the paper doesn't have a GitHub link. Sure, you're right I was comparing cost of the 2 systems, with 1 GPU it's an interesting question, but as the author had CPU cluster available, it was the logical choice for him. X^2 doesn't fit in 64 bits, but after a little bit of search I found the __mul64hi PTX instruction that makes it easy :) The big difference is that if the program is run on the server of somebody else, it needs rights for redistribution (copyright) for the redistributor server, which is a different entity than you (who is running the local program). The goal of job hopping is to get your salary match your market value (or even higher, as job hoppers are great at salary optimization), promotion processes have problems everywhere. EU as a way to move simpler has been a great success. Maybe you don't remember the days when we had to wait 5 hours just to get through a border legally. Wall prices don't matter at all, it's all about real estate space. Actually at a big Co I was working at they took out the walls to fit more people. Let's see how it continues, so far it looks like compatibility was an important goal of the Cloudflare team. ,,The bust has been correspondingly brutal'' I don't recall having a brutal bust. 80-85% is the historical average of previous busts, but I'm not sure if statistics is needed for an economist journalist (it should be). It's too bad that I'm paying for the magazine because I haven't found anything better. From my head: MtGox 1000 -> 200, DDos: 230 -> 70. There was a bigger one before, which was over 90% drop , I think it was the hard fork with the database bug, but it was a long time ago, I don't remember well. Maybe you're right, WSJ is quite bad, but I wasn't sure if FT or Economist is better. Also the long form writings are interesting with the Economist, not these short headlines. The point is that you shouldn't invest in an asset without understanding its properties. I help my friends buying Bitcoin and I make sure that I prepare them for the huge risk they are taking. Yes, I myself have been through multiple of those, and it's important for people to expect it. The most brutal things for me were about losisng/forgetting/not writing down correctly passwords, exchanges being gone with part of my money, even though I tried to be very careful. Being 80% down is nothing compares to.these kind of (not as rare as you think) events. How do you like it? I'm just changing from LG Gram to Razer Blade 15 Advanced to have more power for programming (and have CUDA programming capabilities), but I don't have the laptop on my hands yet. Google itself changed a lot. 13 years ago it was amazing to work there. In 2008 there was a feeling of slowing down luxury expenses, but the real change was when Larry came instead of Eric Schmidt as a CEO: he's boring (and Sundar is just his puppet) and forces boredom on the employees. Eric Schmidt had a great way of saying no to employees while still making them excited about the possibilities ahead of Google. I think people on the west already know this. It seems like Chinese people have to learn it the hard way. This is one of the best metaphors I have heared for a long time :) If you look at the old Singularity Conference presentation of Demis Hassabis (founder of Deep Mind), his main argument for using attention, reinforcement learning and deep convolutional networks (and other known systems that were on his slides) for reaching AGI is to use only techniques that the brain uses to be able to decrease the search space for reaching AGI. I believe his thinking was already proven, and going for emulating and integrating the known algorithms that the brain uses is the fastest way to reach AGI. https://youtu.be/Qgd3OK5DZWI You're right with using MCTS, but ,,Their accomplishments on Atari lean a lot more on efficient computing than biological plausibility'' is a strange thing to write. Efficient computing is of course needed for AGI, I think that was never a question. The question is what algorithms to use on the computers, and also what computing architectures should be created for those algorithms. Those Atari simulations were the first ones putting together reinforcement learning and deep convolutional networks AFAIK, and yes, tree search was needed (which human brains are consciously doing, but extremely bad at compared to computers). Just looking at what works is not enough. There was a strong reason why DeepMind didn't start with modelling language or logical reasoning, like many other people, and the background was based in biology (animal behaviour). With the bond yield curve inverted VCs know that it's time to sell. Shorting is always dangerous. Put options are safer as they don't have unlimited downside. If you look at it as a geometric Brownian motion (which is better model forstock prices than brownian motion), the probability of the price halving is the same as doubling. When you're shorting, you lose twice as much when the price doubles than when it halves. It's not infinity, but it's a huge difference, and volatility is your enemy. Focus on investing your money, building up an asset portfolio (I suggest commodities over stocks/housing in the current market, but that's not the important part here). Your financial future should depend on your wealth compounding, and not on your number of promotions. And of course for wealth compounding timing is key: the earlier you start the better it will be for you over time. This is really funny: #define SAFE_LIBRARY_memcpy(dest, destMax, src, count) memcpy(dest, src, count) Nice comeback :) The person who asked should have looked at your profile. Ripgrep uses SSE3 parallelization instead of skipping input bytes to get faster on current architectures. The heavily parralelized C in the language shootout is not how most code is written. Rust was specifically created to use the paralell hardware resources well, and it excels at it. The data on the chart with sexual division supports this: women are still actively having sex At this point at least DNA epigenetic age should be tested for any claim of long term aging effects. For heavy drinking there was a research last year, but I guess for 1 wine bottle per week it would be insignificant. https://www.nature.com/articles/s41398-018-0233-4 The answer to this question usually is yes. It'a great that it works, but it's not a new thing AFAIK. Google had this kind of barbers in Mountain View a long time ago in its parking lot if I recall correctly. There are great civilian newspapers in Hungary where this money really could have made a difference :( The main problem is that when the drivers accept work from Uber, they plan ahead to have the same pay years later, often buying car from mortgage. At that point the drivers have no choice but to work their ass off to be able to pay back the mortgage for lower and lower hourly net rates. My personal belief is that the most unethical thing is the banks driving up asset prices with freely printed money. With sound money workers wouldn't have to work so much to be able to afford rent. Look for another job in the background if you want and take it after you found a better one. Also what's more important is whether the product is useful or not. At the same time it will be hard to find a company in which the CEO doesn't ever lie :( At FAANG most of the work is boring copying from one datastructure from another. The remaining 5% needs understanding on working on big data, which means statistics (as long as you're working on backend...I'm sure frontend needs less math). I haven't seen differential equations, but sometimes calculus, probability theory and a basic understanding of machine learning and deep learning is needed to understand what other teams that you're working with are doing, or to analyze the statistical significance of an experiment that you ran. At FAANG I often wished I knew probability theory and statistics better (instead of other things that we learned at my University). Which medical company doesn't want to move costs down? You don't need high costs to charge a lot. This makes sense, but Facebook / Google have enough resources to push their solutions onto the hospitals (give few years for free, maybe give the CEO some other fun stuff). It would be interesting to see how many of these bugs would be possible if an operating system written in Rust would be used. I would treat any code allocating / deallocating / moving / locking memory by hand instead of using higher level constructs unsafe now that we know that it's possible to automate checking safety of the operations. Although I'm not a gamer I'm excited that there's something new happening, and I wanted a CUDA card for programming anyways, so I went for the RTX. Most gamers were complaining that it doesn't do 60 FPS, but I couldn't care less about FPS. I want something beautiful. Actually so far for the last few years at least this strategy was quite profitable. New IPOs significantly underperformed S&P500 Ok, sure, what I wrote was an overstatement. But high FPS is mostly important for multiplayer first person shooters. Of course it would be amazing to have movie quality real time rendering in 120 FPS, but that is right now technologically impossible. At the same time NVIDIA and hopefully AMD are at least trying to catch up with the techniques that movies are using for a long time, while I see games stopped at some point. I watch new movies in IMAX whenever I can because I just love to see the new animations, even though I'm surrounded with teenagers and I feel that the stories are predictably dumb for me. ,,OKRs present a heavy-weight answer to the problem. OKRs tend to require hours and maybe even days to determine what are the right goals and metrics. '' If a team leader doesn't have a few days to decide on the strategy for the team for the next quarter, I have no idea what more important thing she is doing. John Doerr wrote the great book about OKRs to explain how important they were in setting the strategy for Intel when it went out of the memory business and focused just on processors: achieving that in 1 quarter is only possible with very clear communication. If it's not rare enough (quaterly or yearly) or not short enough (few items), it doesn't work, it's just a wish list. I have seen them working and not working (when the whole team knew that doing all the strech goals were impossible). For a startup an example objective would be an MVP launch and a key result would be an MVP being tried out by 10 people in a coffee shop, or getting 100 views from various blog posts. Something like this would set an expectation for the whole team (sales, marketing, engineering...) for the quarter. It shouldn't be complex, but it has to be something well thought out and serious. I would get crazy if I would get a new strategy every 24 hours. The details of the execution can change, but the objective and the key results shouldn't change that often. Not at all. If you achieve your OKRs regularly, you can expect to get promoted. If not, you can expect not to get promoted. Being clear with it helps everybody. If you don't get promoted although you achieved most of your OKRs, you should run from that team / company. This sounds very interesting! Can you explain why the tools/data to reproduce the research generally don't get to github? It looks like machine learning improvements could be made by people who don't have lab access as well. Is it some legal / financial reason, or just it's not common in biological research? I was hoping to have the damage in the Boing brand reflected more significantly in the share prices. They will or already did? Cryptocurrency prices jumped 20% because of a well executed 100M order The main problem with humor on HN is that it's just too easy to find humor anywhere on the internet, but there's no other news site where you can critically discuss the news itself. Also on Reddit it's frustrating when I'm writing something informative and it gets hidden between the memes and the jokes, so I tend to stick to jokes there. The owner looks like an asshole as well. This is not luxury for me (that word is written in the name of the place on booking.com): https://q-ak.bstatic.com/images/hotel/max1280x900/183/183046... I'm sorry about that, I didn't mean to offend anybody, but here it looks to me that the owner is making money from lying to people. I'm travelling a lot and I got sometimes surprised by how much worse a place was in reality than from the first impression on Booking.com. I should have explained myself nicer. The really interesting stats will come when the affordable (Standard Range) Model 3 will be available in Europe in a few months. I'm sure a lot of people in Norway are waiting for it. A person should never be trusted for this. Airplanes are more reliable because the processes (and tech) are improving, not the people. The problem here was that the process got too expensive, so Boeing was pressured into skipping it. I meant Standard Range (the affordable version of Model 3). I updated my comment. From what I read about AI researchers and their optimism, I'm on the side of belief that it is the nature of intelligent life to destroy itself ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fermi_paradox?wprov=sfla1 ). An ethics board would never be strong enough to stop AI development in the world if needed. We can't even limit CO2 output of the world with policy, and AI will be much more profitable than oil. There's a strong agreement between most AI researchers that the biggest problem AI creates is the loss of jobs, and AGI is just too far to worry about, but I feel that at the same time they all hope to be the one who create the first AGI. I'm more worried about attack vs defence assymetry increasing in the world than a self aware AI destroying it. You just need 1 crazy human and extremely strong assymetrical warfare. If you look at the cases when a human killed lots of people with a truck, and see that in 20 years with cheap self flying drones a crazy person can kill even more people, you can extrapolate this and get to a sad conclusion (at least I did that). This was amazing read, thanks! Also I believe it overestimates the power needed to kill all people. How much time does it take for us to get to the point when an entity has live GPS coordinates of all people living in the world for example? Just 15 years ago this question sounded stupid. ,,We remain confident in the fundamental safety of the 737 MAX.'' Am I irrational for not wanting to be on the first 1-2 years of flights on 737 MAX after it gets its software update? The problem for me is not with the error that happened but by the response of the CEO for the accident. People who fly on new planes can't be bullsh*tted that easily, as they read news all the time. The Boeing CEO has no idea how much he is in the center of attention for his clients right now. Thanks for paying for testing! I think he underestimates how well informed people are, or maybe I'm overestimating. It's good that he said that Boing takes responsibility, but instead of saying that he's confident in 737 MAX he should have said that he's making sure that the fix is well tested. Also he could have gone into the details of the verification plan to calm the technical crowd. Anyways, we'll see how the stock price looks in a year, I sincerely have no idea, but I think airlines outside US will try to prefer Airbus for new contracts in the next year. The tactics used for lowering taxes looks like a great target for WikiLeaks. The more people use the same tactics, the less efficient it is for billionaires. Of course, for me it's the Julia interpreter that crashes all the time. After I fix my program, and write some new code it crashes again, but differently. But for programs that I haven't written: no, they generally don't crash too often. The big difference with Google and AutoML is that Google was already doing lots of machine learning in the past, just not deep learning. With deep learning it took the transition seriously internally as well: there's a huge push to get all models to use Tensorflow - even if the transition itself is painful - and this helps the infrastructure providers as well to gather feedback. With IBM it all started as a very successful research project, but instead of working more on the Watson system, it decided to rename dumber projects to be under the Watson umbrella as well thereby giving the impression that it's the same system that won in Jeopardy. If you need an extra check in any API to do something really damaging, the problem is with the design of the API itself. I generally just prefer not using Bash scripting, as it's very hard to compose functionality in it. I was working at Google at the Eric Schmidt days, Larry Page days and Sundar days (not anymore) and maybe Larry not being on the TGIFs is not that a big thing, and I'm not questioning Sundar's authority, much more his transparency in leadership. Eric Schmidt was by far the most transparent CEO while knowing exactly what secrets he had to keep. He understood how important it is to have some direct communication with all engineers, even if it's just one way (here's a link to a fresh interview with him from yesterday where he talks about the old Google days: https://tim.blog/2019/04/09/eric-schmidt/ ). With Sundar TGIF questions seem just like a formality: he tries to answer in a way to only tell things that are anyways available to everybody, not helping the employees to understand the strategy of the company and going together. And in reality before I quit, all I saw was team leaders, managers and project managers fighting eachother on who's doing what project, and the engineers being victims of these fights (though still well paid victims). For me the magic of being and working at Google went away. Page/Brin were on the TGIFs for 10 years when Eric was CEO, so this is not the honest answer. Also they are still the main controlling shareholders, so they are making the real hard decisions. ,,50kb is an absurdly small.... responsive queries so that your site looks great on mobile and desktop (and tablet and landscape and Android and iPhone.)'' Why would I need CSS for iPhone? I don't have an iPhone. Also I'm now browsing from my laptop, so I don't need mobile specific CSS either. Isn't there a way for the responsive site to load CSS specific to the device/display? Don't worry about these comments. The worst thing in science is usually that the code is not published (and these comments on code quality don't help). As long as it's published, if somebody wants to reuse it, reimplementing from the paper is the hardest part. The real problem that I see with using Über in South America is that the service is not improving. - The time estimations are way off - The app doesn't know one-way roads well, although they should have a lot of training data on the routes I go on - They allow drivers haggling for the price by forcing users to pay with cash instead of credit card. - The app doesn't know about the road tarifs sometimes, and the driver is not allowed to ask that money from me, which makes an awkward situation - Sometimes I'm getting 30 year old cars, which the Taxi companies filter for I would happily pay more than the current price, but I need more reliable service, which the software could provide. Right now Taxis with all their problems are still competition. I select credit card, but at some places the drivers wait 5-10 minutes, ask where I'm going and write that I should cancel the ride and they bring me for double the cash. At that point I also have to pay for cancelling the ride, and I'm also late, so I have ti accept their offer. They use the Uber messaging system and Uber doesn't catch these drivers (they should just filter for drivers that want users to cancel), although it would be very simple. It's very interesting, I have been feeling this in Dominican Republic, where people are screwing tourists whenever they can, but Sweden is one of the most advanced countries in the world, where I imagine that this isn't that usual behaviour from most people. Boca Chica, Dominican Republic whenever I wanted to go to Santo Domingo (though Boca Chica is anyways a bad place to go to, any other part of DR is much nicer). Also Recife, Brazil, also far from the city center. > there's no way I could say it at work If you can't politely ask people how to address you on chat, it's a problem with either you, or the team / workplace. You should be able to talk about things effecting your productivity, or switch job. At this point network effect is on Zuckerberg's side, the only disruption that I hope is coming is a decentralized Facebook, but it's too early for that right now. Actually both. It was crazy when I read from a person that he preferred paying his rent over eating, but it actually makes sense: if you get to the street, and not able to clean yourself, the chances of getting a job goes down dramatically. There are multiple reason why the way people communicate is important, one of which is the limited logical reasoning capability of most people. Just look at politics / marketing / dark patterns / mortgage contracts. I successfully changed my sister's mind from variable rate mortgage to fixed mortgage, as the language of the contract doesn't explicitly write how bad the worst case option can be 10 years from now for variable rate mortgage. We all have the same problem, but if all the tweets are from interesting people, the ads stand out from the high quality content too much, and the ad clicks go down. This is why there won't be any for profit company who would implement real user following :( Also the bank will get payed, it just doesn't pass the benefits. ,,Hardware changes with the times, but best-in-class algorithms are eternal'' Nowdays for these kind of problems the really interesting solution is the best parallel solution. It may be elegant to still prove things for turing machines, but a GPU has 2000 running threads (and if the tensor cores could be used, it's even more instructions), so an algorithm implementation that's not using it is about 100x inferior in practice. That's a great model that even helps running algorithms on FPGAs. Are there researchers working on finding the theoritical communicication limits of classical numerical problems? If you want to go even further into the details (caching/RAM/Swap), you really get closer to the fact that the communication density between computations is what really matters, and n steps in the Turing machine runs in n*log(n) time in reality. Just a correction: the Random Access Machine needs n*log(n) time, the Turing machine doesn't, as bandwidth is not a problem for the caching layers for sigle threaded execution, just the random access latency. Because they are not smart. Intelligence often wins over simple aggressive behaviour. Also this is why AI is so scary. We already have standards, one of which is clear technical documentation of the system, which the users were not getting. Also we have standards for writing fault tolerant systems (I would say even 2 measure devices are not enough, you need at least 3 to be able to decide). In Boeing it's clear that software best practices and standards were not followed at all. As an example here's the description of the Google Test Certificstion process: https://mike-bland.com/2011/10/18/test-certified.html I don't see it happening. In the past they were able to kill more than 50% of humanity. I don't believe something similar will adapt by itself again. We have internet, full body suits, a lot of technology to defend against them. I still hope you got promoted though, you deserve it :) Some of these libraries - like rayon - are so important, that I feel like they should be part of the default install at this point. It would signal that the release engineers take some responsability of the quality of these libraries (for example making sure that new code is reviewed by a trusted team, backdoors can't get in easily). Not really, Norvegia is #1 with over 50% electric car sales last month, although that was because Model 3 got available. Double typo for Norway...It's too late to correct now though :( You don't think that European car companies are trying to to lobby against electric cars in Norway? Don't get me wrong, I understand that China's policy matters the most for both CO2 and for improving battery technology, so actually I apploud both countries for implementing these policies. I got a disease from the toxic air pollution that I was subject to for more than 30 years in my life. Nowdays I have to travel away from Europe every year for half year, because I'm affected by the air pollution even more in winter (though heating is also a part of the reason why pollution gets so bad in winter). Millions of people are dying every year because of air pollution, but you don't see it, because it's a silent killer. It slowly takes away years from your life span. You could say that it's not worth to get rid of cigarettes from the restaurants, because they don't have short term benefits, only long term benefits, but for people who don't have a lower amount of enzymes than you to detoxify these molecules are affected immediately. As for me, I wish there would be just 1 nice city in the world that would get rid of air pollution, I would immediately move there (right now I'm in a natural park resort, but these resorts get quite boring after some time compared to a city :( ). Thanks, I'll visit it, I'm mostly missing a normal city life, for example dating for me is much easier in big cities. I like going to IMAX (I like to watch almost every IMAX movie for the looks), and like to go to great restaurants with special food that cities offer more. My main idea now is actually to create an apartment with very effective air cleaning, like what the laboratories use. I don't know yet if it's possible / practical, I will figure it out. Investing. It takes a lot of time to have an understanding of filtering the good long term stuff from the bad short term strategies, but it's worth it. I'm focusing on Bitcoin and physical gold / silver, as I view stocks and houses overvalued, but I always get downvoted here on HN when I go into details, that's why I prefer if people read a lot for themselves. I like Mike Maloney's youtube series as a start on macroeconomics. If you're going long term, the platform doesn't matter at all. With short-term trading quants have a huge advantage (I went through an interview at a hedge fund, I know how smart they are, but their downside is that they have to have high sharp ratio to attract investment). I'm always looking at 5 year+ investments only I've got accepted, but at the end I decided to go back to work at Google for personal reasons, so I don't know that much of the inner workings of the criterion. Sure, no problem. As you can see I didn't dig deep in other instruments, though there are a lot of interesting things (selling puts for banks, corporate bonds, buying VIX), but they require due diligence as well, you just need to dig deep and read everything that you can find about them. This is the video series I was writing about: http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLE88E9ICdipidHkTehs1Vb... Mike Maloney most important part of the film about investing in silver: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vAAIwef3dOg Why you should invest in Bitcoin (Tuur Demester, 2013): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K7LQu-eIOO0 Bitcoin Whitepaper: http://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf Origins of money (by Nick Szabo): http://szabo.best.vwh.net/shell.html http://szabo.best.vwh.net/index.html Also if you decide to invest into Bitcoin, the most important things are: - Buy only what you can hold for at least 5 years (and expect the 95% downturns) - Use a hardware wallet (I prefer https://trezor.io/ , Ledger is probably OK as well, but the source code is really ugly, and it has a trusted module that I don't trust). - Don't buy alt coins, or if you do, make sure that you read the source code, look at the test coverage, read cryptography books to understand their cryptography, see how many bugs they have, make sure that you are really able to run a full node that synchronizes from the genesis block, if it has smart contracts, see if the smart contracts have integration tests as well, look at the energy that's securing it...there are a lot of reasons why I never ever thought of buying any alt coins. Ethereum is very interesting, but it has some red flags for me: - It has multiple implementations, which is generally a good thing, but not for consensus critical software. When you have a software worth tens of billions of dollars, and people don't have consensus on who owns those billions of dollars, that's really really scary. - Ethereum has a lot of hard forks and the ice age, which is a way for the dev team to force users to always switch to newer clients. - With Bitcoin backwards compatibility is one of the main features: you don't need to trust new code from the dev team to send your money (for receiving new money, the situation is trickier). - The parity multisig theft was extra scary for me, because I use multisig to store my Bitcoin in multiple physical places. The 1 line bug fix without tests was even scarier. If you look at Bitcoin, the devs are working on MuSig, the newer multisig protocol for years now, and they are trying to have a protocol that's proven to be safe and goes through peer review before thinking about implementing it. Ethereum doesn't care about having a provably safe multisig implementation, because it focuses on general smart contracts. - It's really expensive (more than $10k) at this point to have a machine that have a full sync node from the genesys block, which means that Ethereum has less security than Bitcoin, as there exist only a few full nodes in the whole world. - State data is not cacheable, which makes it harder to improve on the node syncing protocol I hope you know what you're doing and making money, as I was afraid to go into futures / leveraged trading so far. I'm also working on making more money with some trading, but I don't want to talk about it, and even in the best case it has only a small of upside compared to just holding Bitcoin itself. I understand your viewpoint totally, as I saw many friends getting into deep depression because of the volatility of the Bitcoin price. It is very serious thing. One friend of mine got very strong into cocaine, another friend's marriage burned down, another friend started day trading alts and lost half of his Bitcoins, and another friend (the smartest one) realized that he can't take the volatility and sold after a 10% loss. I view holding Bitcoin as a revolution, so I'm emotionally attached to holding it even if its value goes to 0. Still, I'm a software engineer, so even in the worst case I just work and get a high salary and probably start investing again. One thing you could do is to just buy Bitcoin with 1-2% of your net worth, which is a great hedge for the current financial system, and also maybe that loss / volatility you are able to stomach. You're upside will be tiny, but you will get used to volatility a bit more. $150. At that price it was a much more risky investment. The software, hardware, regulation environment improved a lot. I bought as a high risk high reward long term investment, waiting for 1 BTC to worth millions of dollars in the next 20 years, or 0. Look at my top comment. Probably Bitcoin and physical gold is not for you, the important part is that for me long term investing is a great side project to make money. There are lots of ways to do it, and if you don't like my tools, there are lot of other options to be profitable. It's always interesting to see the opening scene, but of course that is too simple to explain what is happening over the world: https://youtu.be/YwZ0ZUy7P3E Looking at the Julia implementation fast math wasn't used. In my experience it's usually worth experimenting with turning it on (also of course for the other LLVM based languages), though I understand that this benchmark tries to keep the program correct at all costs. No, there was no technical reason to design 737 MAX as it was designed, only regulatory reason. Regulations should help safety, not hinder it. I agree, I was trying to write the same thing. The body should be redesigned for the bigger engine. Tesla is an exception to this: it has a chip that converts high level commands, like stop to low level CAN commands (stopping slowly) Did you look at the white hat presentation about Tesla from years ago? It's not that hard to take over the Tesla entertainment system, but the security was based on the command translator chip instead of securing the entertainment system. What's better than geofencing is that the long needed depth sensing is coming to Tesla cars (watch the latest investor presentation about autonomous driving to see how it was trained). I believe emergency braking will save a lot of lives. For me in the past few years Waymo was the most interesting growth part of Alphabet, but after the Tesla presentation I feel that Tesla is in a better position because of the amount of edge cases they can gather for their models. I would be scared to trust a self driving vehicle based on high resolution map: the government can change the roads any time, and I don't trust my government to notify Google in time about it. ,,You don’t ship mvp/beta of software that can kill people so you can gather training data.'' I think you haven't looked at the presentation: the new data gathering and verifying is based on shadow mode on model mispredictions, and it's not enabled until the misprediction rate goes down to an acceptable rate. It doesn't help them in agent modelling, which is the hardest part of self driving. They are doing sophisticated agent modelling in simulation, while Tesla is mostly using shadow mode to verify the agent models. AFAIK Julia uses patched LLVM's PTX output, which I think should be done by all languages to work towards a common optimization platform. Also CuArrays uses multiple higher level NVIDIA libraries, like CudaBLAS and CuDNN. The goals look similar to me, so it's worth to take a look at them. VW has a much bigger silent impact of millions of people dying every year, while Boeing has probably less than 1000 people killed from this mistake. The danger of air pollution and global warming is that it's so hard to quantify the effects, but we already know that it's huge. https://www.lucidchart.com/techblog/2015/08/31/the-worst-mis... Gold / commodities are missing from the article, and a quite significant part of the economy I thought the article is about capital returns (income+change of price), that's the only interesting way to compare assets. I was also using unique_ptr at Google (shared_ptr is not encouraged), but the problem with unique_ptr is that it doesn't solve the more complex data ownership cases, and it's totally unusable for multi-threaded data race problems. Rust Rayon is a huge difference from anything available from C++, and it can't be solved in C++ without adding borrow checker to the C++ language (which wouldn't be a bad thing to do in my opinion, it would help modernizing old code bases). You can't use unique_ptr for everything if you want to have performant code. It needs heap allocation, which slows down the code base compared to stack allocated variables, in which case tracking the ownership is much more complex, but it's worth it, especially if you have millions of users. I bought an NVIDIA GPU based laptop just to be able to program in Julia. It's a price to pay, but worth it to be able to program efficiently in my favourite language. I suggest you to move to other city / country as fast as possible. For me the same thing started in my late 20s, and now in my 30s all my life is about finding places where the air pollution is very low, as for my body it became impossible to detoxify even a small amount of air pollution. You're getting a chronic disease, and there's no way back for now. Are you sure it's an autoimmune disease? For me when I went to uninhabited islands for example, the symptoms of my illness went away completely. I believe the problem is that my body is not able to metabolize the toxic air molecules that gets to my bloodstream through my lungs. For me the hardest and most interesting part working at Google was statistics, although I have a Masters degree in CS, and I was very good at math in high school. A lot of the really interesting work at Google is data mining and modelling, and for that you need some level of statistics understanding. Of course for developing an app, it's not needed (could be a counteractive skill as well in iterating fast). > Others argue that all animal lives carry equal weight with human lives (I don't know who these people are, but they worry me). I thought as well that human lives are more important than animal lives, but the question is that when AI gets smarter than us and concious, do you want AI to have the moral value of human life having lesser importance than AI life? Sure, I'm more commenting on the general feeling on the whole thread that having a CS degree should be dropped as a (soft) requirement for working at Apple/Google/Amazon, and coding can be learned from coding / working with colleagues. This is all true, but math has to be learned by getting a deep understanding of concepts that build upon eachother over many years, and understanding it is an important skill with large scale systems, so they can't be treated equally with other coding jobs. > Developing an app... How is one going to be competitive doing that? I tried to do it with a friend and failed. With apps looks are the more important than UX, and I was mainly working on usability features. Also market research and understanding your target audience without data is really important. At Google, understanding the user / customer was really easy, it doesn't need that much empathy: just give the user more quality clicks by changing the ranking and give the advertiser more conversions per dollar spent. It looks like founders and VCs get the majority voting shares by default. It's not clear if it's good for the company or not, but it helps founders to pick it as the stock exchange to go to. The slow vesting shedule makes a lot of sense though. From the source code it looks like the implementation is read-only though, writing to a file system efficiently is much harder (but not needed for a boot loader) https://www.cnbc.com/2019/05/10/sec-approves-new-silicon-val... The interview with Eric Ries is a bit clearer than the article, but it still misses a lot of details. Does the volume limitation mean that there would be an option for an investor to buy without allowing the brokerages to borrow the stock out to short sellers? This can be true, but orchestra is a performance act. If I look at it as a business, I don't see anything wrong in giving higher value to more attractive performers. On the other hand it's important how much higher value they get (and the multiple round audition when only one of the rounds is blind makes sense). The problem with this is that his book is at this point well known, but at the same time his book made less (but still productive) work more socially accepted, so it's better to just go the honest way. One thing that might help is that longevity research is going on well. Hopefully in 10-20 years it will produce enough results for the general public to start believing that saving the Earth is not just about their children. I don't see any guarantee that if the platform gets popular and the company acquired, privacy would stay the same. I have seen the same pattern too many times... I was working 6 years in Zürich, and I really miss Hiltl. I go back every year for a weekly visit though :) For people who go to Hiltl for the first time, I suggest using the self serving part. It's cheaper and you can get a much better selection of the food. It's great if you do it as long as you pay for it. I was doing a 1 week payed interview at Coinbase. I was not hired, but my memories of the interview process are great. I understand it, I wasn't a student, but I didn't have a job at that point (I quit 2 years before to travel the world and had some contracting jobs). The good part is that it was the last step, and 50% of the people from the last step were given an offer, so it wasn't that bad (though I'm afraid that the offer itself was maybe too low compared to my previous works). I'm sure they were acting against the policy of the company. It wasn't Uber, just an asshole guy. Every company has that. Is there any reason why answering to a question through a social network would be considered differently than if they were saying the same thing personally in a group? I'm sad for the commenter that wrote that he considers it as a joke: I make sure whenever I read or hear about somebody being in depression I take it seriously. Can't it issue digital signatures that have to be accepted by the police and government as evidence? 400% ROI to whom? More data makes hiding corruption harder, so I'm not sure if it really gives 400% to the decision makers. Your BMW is new, I have an old one, and the sofware updates made it worse actually. Tesla is making sure that the new processors are backward compatible (for example the new, v2.5 generation autopilot hardware fits in the v2.0 hardware, and doesn't increase the power usage substantially). In return I'm a bit scared of buying a Tesla because I live in Europe and read quite bad stories about the service wait time here. We already have sexless men. If you look at the stats, sex for men between 20 and 30 is declining rapidly, while for women it didn't change that much (just probably got more concentrated to fewer men) People are irrationally careful when it comes to flying. And in this case even a rational person wouldn't fly a 737 Max. I'm sure the demand problem will be felt by the airlines. This is another sad day for Hungarians who understand the amount of money spent on manipulation of uneducated people. Hungary doesn't have an immigration problem, it has an emigration problem (educated people leaving the country in mass). Orban/Fidesz took control of all mass media. Our healthcare and our eductaion system are deteriorating really fast. Hungary's corruption index is getting worse every year. DHH has a nice methodology that works with fixed deadlines: his basic rule is that features can be dropped/simplified, but deadlines must be met. https://www.amazon.com/Doesnt-Have-Be-Crazy-Work/dp/00628747... This is true, but fixing the deadline and not committing to the scope requires clear communication by the project management / sales teams with the clients about it, and this is rare. Whatever powerful attribute you are aiming for (money, looks, fame, pure power), it's much easier to get more of the same than to extend to other attributes. The CEO of Alibaba tried to make a movie, but it was crap, he didn't become a famous movie star. Kim dot com tried DJing, he failed, he's just a rich guy as well. Famous people can easily fail in their business as well: Jamie Oliver just closed a lot of restaurants, even though he had loads of play money and his name on them. Of course there are exceptions, for example investing is easy if you are famous enough to personal get help from great investors. This is really cool, so there's a way to radiate heat to the space much more efficiently than the sun does, which destroys the argument of the physicist. What I would like to see is a system which is still binary, but the people that I personally upvote matters. Just as an example I just upvoted you and I would like to see your future comments, I care less about how many people are upvoting a content and care more about who upvoted it, and whether that person is selective to upvote constructive content only. Hubski looks really cool, except this part: ,,Hubski is temporarily not accepting new users. Check back soon.'' All the comments were so negative (not buying iPhone, selling AAPL stock, Apple will sell less than 10 million iPhones). It's interesting how many people missed the importance of iPhone to the company and to the world. Boom is one of the early hardware startups in the world of software startups, so it's quite notable actually. The only problem it has it that it's doing something hard. Atom in Julia Pro does this (with autocomletion), and I've been using it in practice to clarify math in my code. It's great in practice. ,,This technology also allows people to be tracked without consent.'' I apploud this law, but Facebook and Google already does this. It's enough if you visit a website that has Facebook or Google integration, you don't need an action from a friend Sounds amazing and scary at the same time... if it works, the amount of AI power that it concentrates to the company that implements it can get a monopoly in lots of industrial applications. ,,As a privately held company we are unable to provide forward-looking statements regarding financial performance.'' I thought that being a public company has extra obligations, but I don't understand why a private company couldn't do this. For me it sounds as a lie. Everybodyin the world has dirty secrets. When governments were unable to use the data from big companies, it didn't matter. The more aggressive governments get (for example actively asking social network ids on the border), the more people start caring about their privacy.