This is known as the instrumentalist approach to quantum mechanics, where we deliberately avoid thinking about the philosophical interpretations of things like the wavefunction, and only focus on the results of experiments. The thinking being, the observables don't change regardless of whether you pick MWI or pilot wave or the Copenhagen interpretation, so what does it matter? (The actual phrase "shut up and calculate" is older than this paper; I think David Mermin coined it.) This approach rubs some people the wrong way, either because it's seen as a failure of imagination on the part of physicists to look at the bigger questions, or because it drifts close to the discredited logical positivism of the mid-20th century. Those are valid complaints, but I think it can also be seen as humility on the part of physicists, and an understanding that this is outside their field of expertise. "Science" is a fundamentally empirical exercise; if you're doing thinking without empiricism, it might still be valuable thinking, but it isn't science. "Shut up and calculate" is shorthand for, "Because these questions are not empirical, our tools and methods we have as scientists are not capable of addressing them." It's acknowledging that their powers are limited. (I do think it would be nice if more physicists thought about it anyway, because in their abscence the void has been filled with woo by a bunch of New Age cranks, but that's not a moral obligation on their part) This is becoming such a common story that I'm starting to think it's a little irresponsible of both Amazon and GitHub to not react better to it. Clearly Amazon is capable of detecting when this happens as evidenced by their rapid response; when they see AWS keys published to GitHub, they should block the account, or at least prevent it from spinning up any new instances. They can then contact the owner over e-mail to follow up. Same thing with GitHub. When they see an AWS key, they need to block that push and send back a message saying "If you're really, really, REALLY sure you want to do this, add .allowawskey at the root of your commit and push again". There's no excuse for letting people shoot themselves in the foot like this over and over. (Edited for typo) > They have service limits and routinely waive charges from abuse events like this. That's almost worse though. Maybe I'm being unfair here, but the fact that they will waive charges immediately if you ask, but don't just block them pre-emptively, tells me that they're hoping at least some customers (with deep pockets and automated billing that no one pays attention to) will just pay the bill and never notice. Maybe they're making more money from that than they're losing by waiving charges on compromised accounts for customers who ask. Not to mention, if it was written as an actual shell application, it would probably be easy to use Emscripten or something to make a web version, if someone really wanted it. For the interested, parent is probably referring to Calvary Cemetery [1]. I don't think it's the largest cemetery in the US by acreage, but it's the largest by number of burials. I've always thought it must drive economists and real estate developers nuts that there's all this land in New York City which is probably permanently off-limits to development. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Calvary_Cemetery_(Queens,_New_... That's one of the features Ars offers to premium subscribers: http://arstechnica.com/subscriptions/ , so I don't think there is a supported way. There are Chrome/Safari extensions out there for "single-pagifying" articles though. Credit to Panos and everyone who put that together, I didn't see the removable screen coming. That was the kind of "one more thing" moment that rivals Apple at their best showmanship. They're trying, they're moving in the right direction, but it's still a ways away. Some nice things recently: - The console host application on Windows 10 finally doesn't suck. Resizeable, copy-paste supported, word wrap text selection, etc. - It seems like they're trying to make their dev tools use a lot less "black box magic", the kind that that's wonderful when it works right and impossible to debug when it goes wrong. At an ASP.NET workshop recently, Scott Hanselman went to great pains to emphasize that everything he was doing in the VS GUI could also be done from the command line. - Nuget keeps improving. It's still not a replacement for apt or even Homebrew, but they're listening to feedback and making the changes people request. I feel like in another year or so it could be a real contender. Edit: Formatting You can defeat the system any number of ways. This is just to wash Tesla's hands of any liability: if you get in a crash because you intentionally subverted the engagement requirements, it's clearly your own fault (not attacking Tesla here, it's what all the other carmakers do too). I imagine it's nothing more complicated than "OpenSSL isn't the native crypto implementation on Windows, SChannel is". Microsoft's engineers are probably much more familiar with SChannel, and they don't want to have to test/validate two crypto systems in parallel. Besides, this should make OpenSSH better in the long run; it should be able to have any compatible crypto layer underneath. You're probably fine, unless you ever want to commit to ReactOS. From what I've heard, they're very serious about not letting anyone with exposure to Microsoft's code touch the project, because the clean-room implementation requirements are so strict. Buying it, because now it's treated as an exchange of currency. There is now nothing different between Bitcoin and Euros as far as taxes go, which is as it should be. While the DoJ's legal argument here is insane and it deserves to be thrown out with prejudice, software companies have happily used the "we're not selling this to you, we're licensing it to you" argument to justify all kinds of gross anti-consumer behavior - including Apple, when they used it to crush Psystar. It's a long shot, but I wonder if the DoJ prevails here it'll make companies think a little harder about whether licensing is the correct way to distribute software, and if consumers might end up getting some rights back because of it. No x86 computer ships with locked bootloaders, it's part of the spec that you have to be able to disable SecureBoot in the BIOS. Having said that, I don't think Linux will be a good fit for this device. People will first have to reverse-engineer the locking mechanism (which is done in software in Windows). That'll probably happen quickly, but then there's the issue of the hybrid graphics, which Linux has never played well with IME. That's assuming Linux drivers will be available for the dGPU at all; it's apparently a custom part from Nvidia and there may not even be a binary blob for them on Linux. As someone not terribly well-versed in the jargon of the finance and stock market worlds, this was a pretty good article for helping me make sense of it all. My head is spinning a little, but I've got the gist of it. Kudos to a16z for the good writeup. I do have one question: can someone clarify for me what "tracking stock" is? I see that it has no voting rights and pays no dividends, but I don't understand how the market sets a price in that case. What is stock if not voting rights and dividends? A big part of it is that Grantland was seldom accused of writing "clickbait" or churning out low-quality content. They had talented writers producing good longform material. If ESPN couldn't make that profitable, it's a blow to the argument (often seen on HN) that people are willing to pay for quality journalism. So, I figure this is as good a place to any to ask: I'm not totally clear on how AMP is supposed to work. From what I can tell, it "speeds up the web" by being a subset of HTML that forbids JavaScript, but there's nothing stopping publishers from just not putting any JS on their page right now. The reason they don't is that they need the ad revenue, and I don't see what AMP is doing to fix that. Is Google paying publishers to host AMP versions of their pages? Exactly. I understand where pilif and Lx1oG-AWb6h_ZG0 are coming from when they say that indexOf, length, and substring actually get a little ill-defined when Unicode is involved, but I can't see the logical leap from that to it being a good idea to exclude them entirely. The motto of a good API/SDK is "Make the easy case easy, and the hard case possible"; Swift seems to fail the first condition. Surely there are default assumptions for these methods that work most of the time, with the option for more complicated functionality if you need it . Maybe all this complexity is necessary when you're writing huge i18n'd apps, but the point is that if it's too much bother to even do Hello World, I'm never going to get to the huge i18n'ed apps. It's still possible to exploit because "DDoS" isn't one attack, but a category: people keep finding new ways to slam a target with tons of traffic. For a while, the most common way was with botnets of compromised PCs. They still exist, but big attacks with them are less common since Microsoft has gotten better at securing people's computers. The big thing now is "amplification attacks": basically, finding a way to send a small amount of data and get some other host to flood your target with a huge amount of data in response. Search "NTP amplification attack" for details. More recently, China has weaponized the Great Firewall to be yet another DDoS vector: they inject JavaScript into pages that people visit, and that JS floods a target with requests. As long as there is some way to point a lot of requests somewhere you want, DDoS attacks will be a thing. jwz just confirmed on Twitter that he blocks requests with HN in the referrer: https://twitter.com/jwz/status/665658171415859200 What a wonderfully self-serving explanation. Here's an alternative one: hedge fund managers are shutting down their funds because people are waking up to the fact that hedge funds are a terrible investment. After the managers take their 2-and-20, hedge funds have lagged the market every year, in both market ups and downs. Funds are trying to slow the rush to the exits by slashing fees ( http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/693d9b74-73f3-11e5-bdb1-e6e47... ) to keep more people from going the way of CalPERS, but I don't think it's going to work. There's just too much freely-available evidence that hedge funds aren't worth the fees for what you get. Blaming the government as they turn off the lights is a handy way to get at least something positive out of it though. Raise your hand if you saw this coming when the US government blocked Intel from supplying chips for China's supercomputing initiative. Way to go, ITAR: once again you've successfully spurred a country to move away from its dependence on American technology, while doing nothing to meaningfully improve our security. I thought the IMF had made it clear that the yuan could never join the SDR basket as long as China kept currency controls in place. The article says the IMF's analysts have suddenly decided that the yuan is "freely usable", and it does mention other liberalizations that China has done, but there is nothing about whether capital controls were loosened. Did China adjust its policy here, or is the IMF lowering its standards due to Chinese pressure, or was I mistaken all along that currency controls were a no-go? Not to mention several of the companies on that "worst performers" list are not at all desktop focused. HTC? Mediatek? These are very much mobile-focused companies. They just happen to be mobile-focused companies that are doing very badly for other reasons. What a lazy article. Before you jump in with outrage or bafflement, consider that this isn't all that shocking, nor is having to pay a bank to keep your money totally unprecedented. Consider: if you want someone else to store your car, or your junk, or your data, you have to pay them. The only reason banks normally pay you instead is that your deposits are so useful (for making loans, and profit on those loans), that it's worth it to pay you to convince you to put your money there. But if economic conditions are such that the bank can't make any profit using your money, there's no reason why they would pay you to keep it there. You might ask, why on earth would I pay a negative interest rate on deposits if I can just keep my money under my mattress? And yes, you could do that, and some people will (or they'll move to a different bank). But then you can't pay with debit cards or use any of the other services provided by a bank, or benefit from its physical security. Those things do cost the bank money which has to be paid somehow, it was just hidden from you by the interest rate. I was just referring to storage, like in a parking garage or something. Sorry if my run-on sentence made it a little obtuse :-) My takeaway from this is that the $80 Apple charger is definitely safer and has higher-quality components than the $12 cheapo Chinese charger, but not nearly so much better that it solely explains the price difference, and that Apple is making a healthy margin on these things. So my question is, is anyone selling a quality charger without the Apple tax? Is there anyone making, say, $40 chargers that have the components of the real thing? I don't know that the United States is "moving away from monogamy". I've certainly read more about polygamous relationships lately, but I think that's a consequence of the greater visibility afforded by the Internet, and the decreasing stigmatization of such relationships making people more likely to be open about it. I would want to see some hard evidence before just saying that polygamy is actually increasing in frequency though; I suspect it's no more or less prevalent than it ever was. The complete lack of an L3 cache is fascinating if true. Not being an expert on chip design, I had thought the "number of cache levels" trend was monotonically increasing, especially since some of Intel's latest chips now have L4 caches, but now this. Can someone explain how they can get away with this? Is it enough to just have a really fast and wide bus, did they possibly need to make changes on the OS level, or is it just more acceptable on a device where you'll only be running one or two applications and very few background daemons/services? Reminder: in 2008, Microsoft offered to buy Yahoo for $45 billion, and Jerry Yang turned them down. Whatever they get for the core business (which, as jonkee says, the street thinks is worth nothing), I'm guessing it's going to be a lot less than $45 billion. something something looking a gift horse in the mouth. > From a content creator (studio) perspective, I have to imagine this is ineffective. It's effective if you consider what their real goal is: to keep any one streaming provider from becoming too popular, and then in a position to start making demands from the creators. They're deathly afraid of streaming ending up like music did with iTunes, where Apple had the record companies in an iron grip until they were broken by streaming. Thus, they want to keep each service as weak as possible, so they can remain in a position to yank popular titles if any of them get too uppity. And, honestly, it's working. For a while, it looked like Netflix would be the movie-and-TV streaming provider, and everyone else was going to be an also-ran, but now Hulu and Amazon Video are respectable competitors. I don't really like that, but their success means that there will definitely never be one service which has everything. Everyone would just switch to that one to pay only one subscription, and that service would have way too much leverage over the creators. HFS+ isn't so much "crazy" as it is "really friggin old". It's not much more than a coat of paint on top of HFS, which was introduced in 1985 (!), and thus is missing out on the last three decades of filesystem research. I might be too optimistic, but I've been assuming that Apple started development on a replacement for HFS+ as soon as the ZFS deal collapsed. I know that was years ago, but filsystems take a looooong time to get right. It's coming, guys, I promise! Just to clarify, you're taking about Chakra going cross-platform, not Edge itself? I think a few of these replies might be looking at whatever_dude's comment and getting the wrong idea. Platform lock-in. Dieter Bohn and Walt Mossberg at the Verge weren't impressed either. Consensus seems to be that the hardware is solid, but tablet Android is still a mess. Worse, even if Google fixes the problems in the OS, there are ( still! ) virtually no 3rd-party apps that support tablet Android natively; they're all just blown-up phone apps. Not only does that ruin the experience but-- like Microsoft and their stalled phone ambitions-- it's not a problem Google can fix no matter how good their developers are. All the software patches in the world can't fix the issue of apathetic 3rd-party devs. So far there have been multiple Satoshi Nakamoto reveals which, of course, never panned out. To their credit Wired is hedging their bets, saying Wright could be a determined hoaxer and even providing some countervailing evidence to their own theory. Good journalism, that. Having said that, I looked over the article and this seems to be the most convincing Satoshi Nakamoto theory thus far. There's no need to jump to any firm conclusions yet though: I'm certain the Internet will conclusively prove or disprove this over the next few days. If this turns out to be true, it could mean a lot or nothing, depending on what Wright decides to do. The big questions would be, a) does he have the private keys to Satoshi's 1.1MM BTC stash or has he lost them and b) will he decide to be actively involved in Bitcoin development/governance. The Bitcoin market has mostly been assuming that Satoshi's bitcoins are lost forever, and the price reflects that. If it turns out Wright can still sell those Bitcoins it would have a dramatic- but probably not cataclysmic- effect on the price. The other question would be if he wanted to involve himself in Bitcoin development. If he really is Satoshi, his voice would carry a lot of weight on big, divisive issues like block size. For better or worse. The writing was on the wall for JetBrains as soon as Microsoft announced Roslyn, pretty much ensuring that somebody (maybe volunteers, maybe Microsoft itself) would write an open-source version of ReSharper with better VS integration than the real thing. Management knows this and they're trying to get some money for it while they can. Are you white? There's your answer. Not even joking. That quote is correct, but you need to understand the context: Scott Aaronson is pretty much the entire reason why you can safely ignore any article about D-Wave, because he's the one doing the legwork to debunk their BS. So articles from/about him are exempt. Awww, they updated the appearance of Raymond Chen's blog? I kinda liked the defiantly, unapologetically old-fashioned look it had before (like Jamie Zawinski's site). Fair enough, but this isn't exactly an argument in C's favor. If you're saying "But we need this unsafe behavior for performance!", that only adds to the urgency to abandon C as soon as possible in favor of things like Rust, which should eventually have all of the speed and none of the UB insanity. No, they shouldn't. "The plural of anecdote is not data": of course you can go around cherry-picking people who are unhappy with the ACA; health care is extremely complicated, no solution was ever going to be perfect, and this law in particular attracts people with an axe to grind. But I can find just as many anecdotes of people who are a lot better off under the ACA. Stories are pointless; the only effective measurement is the bird's-eye view of the numbers as a whole: how many uninsured are there now, what is happening to the mean/median premiums, etc. How is broadband penetration in India? Does the bandwidth exist to pull this off? > E.g. the website service posts random inspirational quotes from dead people or TIL from random wikipedia pages. You never have to log into Facebook and yet it seems like you're "with it". For a large percentage of my Facebook friends, if they were silently replaced with bots like this, I doubt I'd ever notice. Sigh. You're doing the exact thing that WalterBright complained about above ( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10859674 ). Of course that is not what the poster meant. It's not just Android: on both Windows and Linux, F.lux seems to interact badly with certain Intel video chipsets, and often just turns on and off continuously until I reboot the system. It's great software, but having it native to the OS would be even better. I hope the other vendors follow Apple's lead here. > based on its stellar reputation as one of the indispensible, foundational computer science books that every programmer should read. A while back, I was joking with some friends that TAoCP is to the programming world what Finnegans Wake is to English literature: you're not supposed to read it, nobody's ever actually read it. We all just say we've read it, talk about how brilliant it is, and place it prominently on our office bookshelves to silently humblebrag to anyone who drops by. Sorry you had to spend $178.08 on that lesson, mate. Not a Fitbit, but I do have a Microsoft Band, which tracks, among other things, your galvanic skin response. I still haven't found any real use for this data, but I have noted that resistivity definitely plummets in response to stressful events, even if I'm not sweating enough to consciously notice it. I once looked at the daily graph and noticed a dip right when our application started throwing errors while I was on-call :) Again, I don't know what use this is, but physiological data is just fascinating in its own right. I can sort of see that as a concern, but... why on earth would you wear your Fitbit to a police interview? If I ever got hauled in for questioning by the cops, then guilty or innocent I would definitely not be wearing something that tracks my heart rate! In any case, I don't think this would be admissible evidence. As far as admissible evidence, polygraphs are only just scraping by on the skin of their teeth, and wearable devices don't come close to their level of accuracy/depth. The main reason these devices can be sold with none of the regulation that accompanies "real" medical equipment is that the companies state up front that "to be used for general fitness only, not intended for use to treat any particular disease", etc., and their accuracy reflects that. The heart rate measurements of Fitbits and other wearables aren't awful , but they're sufficiently inaccurate that any decent lawyer should be able to get that thrown out without question. Edit : Not to mention JTsummers' point about there being no baseline/control measurement on this data, if it existed. Definitely not admissible. If you want something to be worried about vis-à-vis wearables and the privacy of health data, worry about your health insurer getting a hold of it and jacking up your premiums for not taking enough steps every day. That, to me, is the real worry here, not the cops. Or worse: what if it could only express it as a probability. You show up a few minutes early to the restaurant and your fitbit can only say, "There's a 35% chance they're about to propose, a 20% they're breaking up with you, 45% chance it's just dinner." Gah. Cory Doctorow or William Gibson: if you guys are looking for story ideas, you can have that one for free. > but (if done right) it would have been worth the effort. You could say that about literally any failed initiative in history. And another thing: is Medium really that popular? I mean, inside the tech bubble I know it is, but I feel like this might be another case of us having a warped view of the world (like how, outside "tech people" I still have yet to encounter somebody who has heard of Slack). To the general public Medium is just another thing alongside Tumblr and WordPress and Squarespace; I really don't think it's in imminent danger of taking over the web as a monoculture. This is amazing. John Carmack has become like the Lone Ranger of code optimization. He shows up out of nowhere, makes your game run 20 times faster, then rides off into the sunset. "Who was that masked man?" "Oh, he's John Carmack." > was hoping for a big win this quarter. The largest quarterly profit ever recorded by any company wasn't enough of a big win? I don't want to soapbox too much, but there is something deeply wrong with capitalism when you can be more profitable than any corporation that has ever existed and it seems like a letdown. > Especially with so much foreign debt in USD, a lot of companies are going to have a hard time paying off bonds and loans, hurting their ability to grow. All the tech companies that have had big bond issues recently (Apple, Microsoft, etc.) are doing it because it's literally cheaper than repatriating their actual foreign earnings to the United States. As long as those foreign earnings continue to exist, borrowing money is arguably a better way to finance their day-to-day operations, especially when interest rates don't seem likely to climb much in the intermediate future. I think the biggest thing, and one that a lot of people are missing, is that the 6/6S phones caused a one-time burst of switchers who were only on Android because they wanted big phones and they previously couldn't get them from Apple. (Evidence: a year after the 6's release, this happened: https://theoverspill.wordpress.com/2015/09/01/premium-androi... ) Now 1.5 years into the 6/6S cycle, almost all of them have switched, and iOS-vs-Android market share (in saturated markets) has reached a new steady-state. > As for bonds, I meant by foreign companies. Ah, I'm sorry, I misunderstood your post. But even so I'm not clear on why the indebtedness of foreign companies affects Apple all that much, except that it's a signal of the health of the global economy. I don't want to sound like the know-it-all smartass here, but from the moment Firefox OS was announced I gave it a negligible probably of amounting to anything and was really baffled that Mozilla decided to focus their efforts in that direction. I don't think they appreciated just how brutal and unforgiving the smartphone market is. Apple makes money on it, but they spend billions on R&D and billions more on marketing. Samsung makes money, but a lot less than they used to and only because they own their entire component pipeline and also spend billions on marketing. Google makes money, because they own the operating system that 80% of the phones use and use it to push people to their wide array of services. Everyone else is breaking even at best, and hemorrhaging cash at worst. Think how many billions Sony and Microsoft and Nokia and Palm and Blackberry spent on their smartphone efforts only to get shoved to the sidelines. This is a market where you've gotta pay big in order to play; to be honest it was downright silly of Mozilla to expect that they could get a foot in the door. Do you remember when the WSJ first started really dismantling the Theranos house of cards last fall, how a bunch of prominent VCs and publications like TechCrunch, with a lot to lose if the startup bubble pops, immediately circled the wagons? There was a lot of "this is a media hit piece", "we need time to evaluate the technology", "Liz Holmes is a visionary", etc. I wonder if we'll be getting retractions and apologies from those people. sigh Many moons ago when I was a starry-eyed lad just learning to use Git, I remember all the cheerful sentences in the Git book like "Unlike SVN, with Git you can work even when the server is down!" The more things change, the more they stay the same. Developers: "I can't get any work done because GitHub is down!" Linus Torvalds: [ facepalm ] I think people read into TypeScript too much. It's just a "right-now minimal-hassle" way to make front-end dev's lives easier, nothing more. Maybe Microsoft disagrees, but I see TypeScript as something intended to make itself obsolete: eventually, when all browsers are running ES9 (or whichever version we decid has fixed "all" of JavaScript's problems) or WebAssembly (and we're all writing front-end code in C#/C++/Ruby/whatever), then TypeScript will just fade away, by design. For now, it's kinda like JQuery in motivation if not literally architecture: it shields you from browser inconsistencies (in this case, where you don't know what ES version the target is running) and helps you avoid JavaScript's headaches. Just as JQuery became less necessary as time went on-- not because it got worse but because browsers got better-- so too will TypeScript. They're trying to do the same time thing as Soros did, yes. But even after its recent $300 billion spending spree to defend the yuan, China still has trillions in foreign currency reserves left, orders of magnitude more than the BoE ever did. And they have a cultural imperative against "giving in" to Western capitalist pigs. I really don't think these guys have thought their plan through. Interesting note: they just surpassed Apple in market cap, so are now the most valuable (publicly-traded) company in the world. We'll see if it lasts, but it's a notable accomplishment even if not. Weird. I've used Microsoft's homegrown Swype equivalent a bunch, and it seems just as good. Is this an acquihire, or patent-related? > This isn't a criticism of capitalism. > This is an acknowledgment our current "capitalist" financial system isn't able to produce "capitalism" itself. That's a No True Scotsman argument intended to shield capitalism from any criticism. "The system isn't working? Then it must not be real capitalism." It won't happen until "those people who actually understand how the technology around them works" decide to become legislators. Are you quitting your engineering job to run for office? If I could use this to get subtitled gifs of the scene in question, not just screenshots, it would go from amazing to godlike. On the roadmap for v2, hopefully? > My take on this is not that Apple has gotten worse, but that they have actually gotten better at cloud services. Which isn't saying much, since they're still terrible. Their cloud-synced Notes.app is almost unusable; every time I add a note on the phone there's maybe a one-in-three chance it'll sync to the desktop immediately, a one-in-three chance it'll sync the next day, and a one-in-three chance it'll appear three days later or more. If Apple has in fact gotten better at cloud services, it's only because they were so abysmal before that there was nowhere to go but up. "Absolutely awful" is stronger language than I would use, but yeah, I'm not feeling it. The 'a', 'c', parentheses, and especially the 's' remind me of lettering you'd see at a cheesy Greek restaurant. I didn't hate the cursive as much as the other replies here though, I think it could be a real benefit if your editor was configured correctly. You must be new here. >the LINQ (IQueryable?) interface is very well designed/used It's very well designed/used if someone else does the heavy lifting of creating the data provider for you. Speaking as someone who has done it, writing your own IQueryable LINQ provider is a serious hassle, though fortunately it only has to be done once. If it's something you really wanted, I would try to lean on RethinkDB to do it rather than implementing it yourself. I assume you and you friends don't work for Microsoft, since Snapchat is the highest-profile absentee from Windows Phone :P I guess this is a useful lesson to any would-be founders who want to make a business out of breaking the law: make sure you don't break laws higher than those on the municipal level. The difference between Uber and Zenefits/Theranos is that cities have limited resources and angry citizens can convince them to back down (and if you lose, hey, just ignore that city and try somewhere else), whereas state and Federal agencies can nuke you at any time and don't really have to worry about the vox populi. I'm usually the first person fawning over any new SSC post, but by his own admission here he's just regurgitating the points from the original HN thread ( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11074587 ). Putting too much stock in this post is kind of "training on your validation data", as it were. > Arbitration clauses are wrongly maligned ... The major arbitration companies are fair and professional. I'm gonna call [citation needed] on this. The recent NYT series on binding arbitration claimed exactly the opposite: that arbitration almost always rules in favor of the company and that arbitration companies which do rule in favor of individuals quickly find themselves getting no more business. They cited peer-reviewed sources and law professors, so I want to see yours. Yahoo still serves ~12% of all search engine traffic in the US. I'll bet you Google and Microsoft are going to be fighting bitterly to buy the right to redirect that traffic to their engine. I believe the advertising revenue (which is what really matters) still goes to Yahoo though. That's what Microsoft would be after. > Power users definitely know the difference between paid results and real results, and over time will steer everyone they can off of Google if it persists in showing a lack of respect for the intelligence of its users. When I start seeing technical people, HN comments, etc. advocating for using Bing instead of Google, I'll believe this. I don't think it's ever gonna ever happen. Google's power users are, if anything, an even more captive and loyal audience than Joe Public, and they know it. Open the Run panel and try to go to "C:\con\con". Instant BSOD. (This was an old trick I used to do as a bratty kid when people left their computers unlocked. Nice to see that it still works!) I truly believe that it would've happened sooner, but Microsoft needed to wait until it had built up some degree of confidence among developers that the whole "new Microsoft" thing is for real. If they'd done it three years ago, everyone would've panicked, assumed that things like e.g. .NET on Linux were dead, and just written off Xamarin's offerings immediately. Now I think a lot of people are at least cautiously optimistic that Microsoft's cross-platform and OSS intentions are genuine. You can see it right here in this thread: as another commenter said, not that long ago this news would've prompted universal predictions of doom, whereas now people seem thrilled. Timing is everything. Seriously. I remember a time when people protested their local governments when they gave in to corporate blackmail of the "let us do this illegal thing or we'll take our business elsewhere" variety. And now some of them are instead protesting when local governments don't give in. God help us. Do networked games usually encrypt their traffic? Genuinely asking as someone unfamiliar with this sort of thing. Seems like a lot of extra CPU cycles and latency for not much gain. Are people worried about attackers analyzing their strats ;-)? Oh dear, someone can't just copy off Scalia's work anymore. Didn't pg actually say that he deliberately wants the UX of Hacker News to be kind of crappy to keep out the riffraff? There's certainly a discussion to be had about whether that's good thinking, but for better or worse, I think it's intentional. > That is a good sign. It means the ship is slowly turning around. That's what it could mean, if this were some other company. You're right in saying that sometimes layoffs are an unpleasant but necessary part of some larger plan to refocus and turn the company around. But this is IBM we're talking about: there is no plan. There's not the slightest shred of evidence that there's a real mission underway to make them relevant again, a la "the new Microsoft". It's just an endless cycle of layoffs and stock buybacks until the whole thing winds up and just goes poof in a handful of dust. It'll take a while because IBM is still huge, but 2025 is my estimated date for when it's no more. Sure, I'll bite. I'm one of the people reporting 'Trump anxiety', and other anxieties too: - We're now setting global temperature records almost every single month. Every month and every year have been the hottest on record, suggesting that we're now in the "runaway acceleration" period of global warming and there's nothing we could about it even if we weren't still just sitting on our hands and battling a "culture war of attrition" with the people who still insist the whole thing is made up. - Things like http://slatestarcodex.com/2014/09/30/i-can-tolerate-anything... suggest that "political belief congruence" and information bubbles have become so strong that rational political discourse is now impossible, and outrage+stonewalling will continue forever. If Trump doesn't win in November, then at best we'll keep "lurching from crisis to crisis" until we finally hit some issue where one side resorts to civil unrest rather than lose, like Matthew Yglesias predicted, and the whole thing blows up. - The lack of any serious effort on any side to de-escalate tensions between China and the United States essentially guarantees that, like almost every instance where a rising global power clashed with the incumbent, we'll be going to war; probably in more than 15 but less than 30 years. So what do you do in this case? What do you do when your anxiety isn't caused by your own problems (I've got a cushy job and no childhood trauma) but by larger issues that you have no hope of solving? I'm genuinely worried now. I'll have to thumb through the Book of Revelation again, but I'm pretty sure MSSQL on Linux and Donald Trump possibly becoming the next President are two of the four Horsemen of the Apocalypse. Still sounds wonderful, but when's the damn thing coming out? I first heard about Miegakure in an xkcd from 6 years ago, and was immediately ready to hand over my money. It's been hard to maintain that enthusiasm through one and a half Presidential terms... I wonder how long Hacker News commenters will keep excoriating the US government for this kind of shit without realizing European governments aren't really any better. I really, really do. This has been a running joke on the Verge's main podcast for the last few months. People have confirmed that "Hey Siri", "OK Google" "Hey Alexa" and "Hey Cortana" all work on their respective platforms when the hosts blurt them out, and can trigger various mischievous actions. And that's a podcast listened to by comparatively few people. Imagine the mayhem if someone were to do this on, say, the Super Bowl. Does arXiv accept biology papers? I think they are exclusively math/physics/CS. While PHP_CEO might be distracting entertainment, some of the best accounts, including the ones mentioned on this thread (@StartupLJackson, @SwiftOnSecurity, @internetofshit, etc.) are not parody but satire, which is definitely a worthy use of the medium. I have to assume the timing of this, coming so soon after the Pentagon bailed on BD, is no coincidence. Does Google figure that the division cannot turn a profit without that sweet spigot of defense dollars? Exactly. Looking around on Twitter and in the comments sections of other sites reporting on this verdict, I'm seeing a worryingly positive response based on nothing but negative feelings about Gawker. Yes, Gawker sucks, but never forget that there are bad people who want to pick easy targets for example cases in order to set bad judicial precedent, and this is some truly atrocious precedent. Ugh, no thank you. I've liked some of Jerry's opinion pieces in the past, but I think he's way off the mark here, especially with this: > The causes they enunciate are tarnished, just for being in their mouths. That's the kind of thinking that gets you atrocious policy, especially in the judicial sphere. As I said below, people who want bad to enshrine bad precedent will pick the most unsympathetic targets in the courts in order to get it - including law enforcement (actually, especially law enforcement. Why isn't Apple helping the FBI stop terrorists???) The courts sometimes see through this trick. Did you know that your Miranda rights exist because the Supreme Court threw out the conviction of a scumbag who had, indisputably, robbed and raped a mentally handicapped girl? It's sad that they didn't this time though, and that apparently the vox populi didn't either. In many states you don't have to pay until the appeals process is complete, but in Florida you have to pay (or at least post a bond, it's unclear) immediately. There's a good chance Gawker will be closing down. My wording probably could've been better, but the point still stands: you have legal protection from government overreach thanks to a court decision in favor of a rotten defendant. There are plenty of other examples throughout history if that one is not convincing. It kinda looks like it's being "set up" right now in preparation for a more formal announcement. Maybe we just need to wait? It would be a little weird to make a big announcement right this moment, since it's currently Saturday night in Redmond. I imagine it's running into Twitter rate limits pretty quick. You might have better luck on one of those other social apps that's all the rage with the youths, but if you're not into Kik or GroupMe you may need to wait until the hype dies down before getting into a longer conversation. The rewards are one. Granted, they're not huge (I also use Bing and find it amounts to about 1 $5 Amazon gift card per month), but if you find the result quality indistinguishable, it's enough. Also, like sremani, I want to drive innovation in the area of search, and while lots of people pay lip service to wanting more competition, putting your money where your mouth is by not using Google is the only real way to do that. I'm sure that Microsoft has a great deal of data telling them that the Rewards program has a positive ROI, especially because a lot of the rewards are sweepstakes which essentially cost them nothing. Also, I have watched other people use Bing and seen four-digit numbers in their rewards count on the top-right. (It's agonizing, like watching someone who doesn't know about tab-completion use the command line.) This tells me that the number of people who use the Rewards is quite small and this contributes to its usefulness. In shipping, volumes are so huge that, for all practical purposes, improvements in marginal costs justify any upfront expenditure. That's why freight companies keep buying these $200MM+ ships even though the improvement in fuel costs over their existing fleet is just a few percent. "The bash shell is coming to Windows" Whoa. Are there any significant differences between this and AWS Lambda? I know this sounds accusative and I swear I don't mean it that way: Lambda is awesome and if this is more-or-less the same thing, this will be too. I just want to make sure I'm understanding correctly what the service is :) Planned obsolescence is bad enough, but this is something much worse and downright evil. When Amazon zapped people's e-books right from their Kindles, that got a deserved outcry, but at least that had the flimsy justification of Amazon not having the rights to the books in question and so they were in some sense illegal copies. Here the only justification is "Nah, we don't feel like this anymore", and they won't even let you continue running it at your own risk with no updates. "Don't be evil" indeed. This isn't as necessary as it used to be: conhost.exe got a major overhaul in Windows 10 and it sucks a lot less now. There's wrapped selection, copy/paste, and transparency (if you're into that). There's plenty more to go but overall the experience is no longer pull-your-hair-out agony, and Microsoft did say (without providing any specifics) that more improvements were on the way and that they are still soliciting feedback and feature suggestions. You could propose changing the way commands are displayed if you wanted. It is not in the current Preview Build; they have said it's coming soon but did not give specifics. Preview builds are pretty fast-paced now (about once a week) so I suspect it won't be long. I must've missed that bit. Thanks! That top comment - oh dear. Of course, it is an anonymous Reddit comment, so approach with skepticism, but FWIW, it does match up with what I have been hearing through other channels like Glassdoor and old-fashioned gossip. Another thing to consider is that social sharing via those buttons just doesn't seem to be "a thing" on Twitter. I'm a heavy (probably excessive) Twitter user, and I interact with a lot of other heavy users, and I almost never see tweets generated by those buttons. IME, when people on Twitter share links it's usually by copy-pasting the URL, and when those Share buttons are used, it's usually by bots or the, er, less technically literate. It's just not part of the culture. Fingers crossed; that might get be about to get better when the new 520 bridge opens, since it has an HOV lane for the busses. The busses won't be stuck in traffic with everyone else and it might even cause more people to take them. It got downvoted because it's blatantly untrue, as is your comment. Windows' profit comes from licenses, same as it always did - the W10 upgrade was free for personal copies, but business users still pay, as do people who buy a new computer. The idea that Microsoft is making a big chunk of its money through data selling is baloney. Ugh. Never have I gone so fast from "this is a great idea!" to "this is a fucking terrible idea" as I have with named/marketed vulnerabilities. Heartbleed was a perfect usage because it really was ultra-critical: the patch needed to be applied ASAP and people really did need to STOP signing into servers until it was fixed, and then generate new keys afterward. But now it has become cheap marketing for infosec hucksters trying to get attention for their crappy firm, and used on bugs that are really no big deal. Stop, stop, for the love of god please stop. You're making things worse. I have a gut feeling that this is in fact the plan. People keep asking "When can we have Visual Studio on OS X/Linux?", but I don't think that's ever going to happen: VS is so tightly coupled with COM and Win32 that they'd basically have to write it from scratch, or write an entire Windows emulation layer. But what they can do is gradually add features to VSC until it does most of the things you wanted full VS for: Intellisense, deploy-anywhere frameworks and debugging being the main ones. Doing it that way will probably be more performant too. I think what the parent meant was that VSC (along with Atom, and to lesser extent SublimeText) is a good example of "the middle way" that is rapidly gaining popularity. First we had console editors, but they weren't powerful enough, especially for newer languages/frameworks. Then we had full IDEs (VS/Eclipse/IntelliJ), but they got to be slow and clunky. Now the trend is toward "enhanced text editors" (VSC/Atom/ST): editors that can have modular plugin functionality and interact with the console so you don't lose any of its versatility. They're usually faster and more lightweight than IDEs but keep most of what you need. The parent is saying that Eclipse was the flagship of "Generation 2" and VSC is for "Generation 3" And remember, no one is saying you have to use these programs. Console editors and IDEs will still be here. This is another option for people who want it, which has turned out to be a lot of people. I understand; I just think you're being a little harsh on the OP, even if their language was a bit exuberant. They said they tried Atom and found it too slow, so if VSC was the first "3rd gen editor" (a term I just made up) that was usable in their workflow, then for them, it is a revolution. Assume good faith when comments are ambiguous :) NTFS handles append just fine. As another comment speculated, the parent may have meant NFS, which does notoriously have lots of problems with append, and many other POSIX semantics. > How about just jamming them? The time window in which that's a valid option is closing fast. Autonomous flyers that don't need an external signal are already pretty good and after a few more years of iterations, they'll be even better and available to everyone. Not to mention air traffic requires lots of radio communication of its own, along with radar and GPS, and jamming equipment would need to be guaranteed not to interfere with any of that. It's a non-solution. https://twitter.com/tedcruz/status/721460062355468289 https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/26589529219124838... I suppose you could interpret these as not necessarily saying "there is no such thing as climate change", if you wanted to be denser than a neutron star. Saw people snickering about this on Twitter a few days ago. Might not be HN-worthy, but I'll admit it's the best Wikipedia disambiguation link of all time. It really is hideous. I grew up in the Boston area, and even as a little kid I distinctly remember thinking, "This has got to be the ugliest building in the world". Then when I got older I thought, "Well, the world is a big place and I haven't seen much of it, so I don't have much of a frame of reference. I'm sure there are uglier buildings somewhere." And then when I got a little older still, it was kind of satisfying to see multiple articles and polls saying that no, it is indeed one of the ugliest buildings in the entire world. It's not even that I think Brutalism is inherently bad. I think there are some really nice examples, like the AT&T building in NYC: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/33_Thomas_Street#/media/File:A... . But Boston City Hall is Brutalism at its absolute worst. sigh... this again. He's being downvoted because statements like > "A free press and whistleblowers are essential to democracy. Without a free press & whistleblowers democracy cannot function." are applause lights that contribute nothing of substance to this conversation. Pick a bunch of random people-- hell, even random politicians-- and ask them if a free press is essential to democracy. I guarantee you 100% of them will say yes, and probably 100% of them actually believe it and aren't just cynical liars. This suggests that the causes of this muzzling are deeper than people simply not realizing how important a free press is, and that the solutions are more complex than repeating two-sentence mantras that everyone already agrees with. If you don't trust the Ubuntu release team, why are you downloading Ubuntu to begin with? Your threat model makes no sense. Surely state regulations supersede local ones if there's a direct conflict, or they would if the city every complained and the matter were ever brought in front of a judge? > The absolute rate was 13 per 100,000 people. That statistic is meaningless if you don't compare it to the absolute rate for other causes of death. In the US, suicide is the second-leading cause of death* of people aged 15-34, and very high on the list for ages 10-15 and 35-54 (source: http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nvsr/nvsr65/nvsr65_02.pdf , pages 18-19). "A signal of our society crumbling before our eyes", maybe not, but if the second-leading cause of death in a large age group was a bacterial disease, and it has increased by a double-digit percentage in the last decade, people would be calling that a public health emergency. * Accidents being #1. And since accidents are, well, accidents, suicide is arguably the leading cause of death that we can meaningfully do something about. Yeah, but "50.6b net income on 39.4% gross margins" doesn't get those juicy clicks like "Apple is DOOOOMED!!1!" does. These journalists gotta put food on the table somehow. One other highlight from the report: the total lifetime cost of the program is now estimated at 1.3 trillion dollars, or $1300000000000 if you prefer longhand (up from the 1 trillion dollar estimate of a few years ago). Other things we could've done with that money besides spending it on this useless garbage heap of a plane are left to the reader's imagination. > A custom DNA sequence costs about 10 cents per base, with Twist hoping to get that cost down to 2 cents. A quick trip to Wolfram Alpha says that this works out to about $400 million per gigabyte. Obviously it will come down, but even with exponentially decreasing cost this has a long way to go before it becomes competitive with magnetic storage. Still, it's good to see that there's more attention being paid to the need of very-long-term storage, which is woefully inadequate at the moment. Have you seen the Senate recently? Grassley is a Republican, and the current MO of the Republican Senate is to do absolutely nothing, no matter how uncontroversial, until the Evil Tyrant Obama is finally defeated. Despite their current dominance, Apple knows that downward swings of fate come fast and hard in the tech industry. Consider that 10 years ago, the biggest names in mobile were Palm, Nokia and Blackberry, and now they're either gone or hollow shells. You can think farther back and find plenty more examples of unassailable kings who went bust in a hurry. Then compare that to e.g. Microsoft, who at one point looked doomed but managed to get relevant again by using their huge cash pile to break into a capital-intensive business, which they wouldn't've been able to do without it. I imagine in this sector more than most there's a strong temptation to amass a huge safety net so you can ride out getting "disrupted". As a leftist Keynesian I don't particularly like it-- seeing all that money sitting there doing nothing drives me crazy-- but I understand the motivation. RationalWiki: The first hit is always free ;) > and if the whole process was public there would be too much bikeshedding and pressure on the negotiators. That's a feature, not a bug. Whence this argument that trade negotiations are somehow different from every single other aspect of good governance? For all other mechanisms of government, everyone agrees that transparency is a vital mechanism for preventing corruption, and that whatever inefficiencies it introduces into the system are a necessary evil. Yet somehow free trade agreements operate on a different set of rules; even though time after time it's been shown that this invites boatloads of the exact corruption that government transparency is meant to combat. [source: every TPP/TTIP leak thus far] If you want the "full story", with peer-reviewed sources, about SSRIs, including a true/false on the various assertions that get passed around the Internet often with little justification, I strongly recommend http://slatestarcodex.com/2014/07/07/ssris-much-more-than-yo... . Scott is both a licensed psychiatrist and a very good rationalist with access to a lot of good data, who doesn't easily fall for Internet misinformation and definitely doesn't gloss over the "complicated bits" about the flaws and methodologies in clinical trials. This post is my go-to source for most discussions about SSRIs. TechCrunch became just another blogspam outfit after Arrington left (or earlier, depending on who you ask). It still has some name recognition, which is why you sometimes see prominent VCs posting editorials there, but it's a shell of what it once was. It used to be a really good source of information but you were right to stop reading it years ago. It's not totally unsubstantiated, Tesla did post this: https://www.teslamotors.com/blog/putting-tesla-hepa-filter-a... . Of course you should have a healthy degree of skepticism regarding tests Tesla did itself and maybe the numbers are massaged a little, but I doubt they'd straight-up lie. It seems like this test would be pretty easy to replicate by an independent source too, if someone wanted to try. Edit: I did not see that there's already an entire HN discussion thread about this post: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11617945 which discuss other possible weaknesses. Still, even with the usual HN nitpicking, I think it comes out pretty good. It's very efficient and it's a great solution overall; the only problem is there are only so many dams we can build, since each one requires drowning a valley. You should probably brace yourself for a C&D and/or DMCA takedown request from Apple, regardless of the actual legality of what you're doing. They won't like this. At some point you're going to just have to accept that an upvote/rating system means that the articles on HN are "whatever the HN community wants to see", and no amount of griping or rules lawyering is ever going to change that. HN is a self-selecting population which mostly shares the same interests, and those interests are usually about hacking or IT or entrepreneurship, but not always. The population likes hearing about Tesla, so Tesla articles get front-paged. HN upvotes jokes all the time. As for porn, it would be removed by the moderators the first few times, but if a majority the community decided it really wanted it, it would eventually push back on the moderators and the moderation standards would change (well, or YC would just shut it down). At that point it would be up to you whether you wanted to keep coming here, but at the end of the day there's no real way for a vote-based system to perpetually override what the community wants. In practice it works because we're mostly interested in the same things and mostly agree on what isn't appropriate, but you do get edge cases like this. PhotoDNA has always been free, though it is limited to "qualifying organizations", which I assume means they want to know who you are and how much traffic you plan to send before they give you access. [I've removed this comment since I guess I can't delete it altogether, see my edit below.] I did read that article when Anil first posted it and while I agree with him, it's tough to apply his lessons on a day-to-day basis. You might come across several articles per day, and on each one you have to decide what you want to do about the comments. You could use the opportunity to launch into Anil's manifesto, but most of the time you won't have the time or mental energy for that, and so just leaving without reading the comments is the only real option. Edit: On further reflection, I guess Anil was writing as much or more about the "Don't read the comments" joke itself as about what to do when you come upon a comments section. And in that vein, it's true that my comment is pretty unhelpful. I've deleted it. Apparently they're not doing well. Good riddance. Palantir is creepy as hell. For all the snark about how startups and places like Apple are run like cults, like in The Circle, Palantir is the one outfit I know of where the stereotype is really true. And in the post-Snowden world where we know for sure just how all-devouring the US intelligence's community's desires are regarding our privacy, the last thing we need is Silicon Vally outfits helping them out. Assuming Karp can't right the ship again, I will not be sorry to see them go. I don't believe there were ever a Muslim Leader of the LCC/GLC either, so that's being a bit disingenuous; the implied statement "first Muslim in a primary position of London's government" is still true. No, it depends on a central cabal of Chinese miners. So much better! I'm going to echo all the other commenters: why not put the company out of business? Indeed, doing anything other than that is moral hazard. (Assuming you're referring to the James Pinkstone story referenced in the beginning) Sort of. Pinkstone was telling the truth in that iTunes did delete all his music, but after some follow-up with Apple it was determined that it was a bug and not, as he speculated in the first post, the result of a conspiracy to control what happens to music you already purchased (the Apple CSR was just clueless; which is well within the realm of possibility) That doesn't really matter to this story's context though: the Slate author is complaining that its the general shittiness of iTunes, not any sinister agenda on Apple's part, that is destroying his desire to collect music. This is a pretty serious changelist for a monthly release cadence. I was a big fan of Sublime Text for a while but began looking elsewhere when we went such a long time with no updates. Atom and VSC both seem to release much faster; they're already very good and I can't wait to see where they are in a year or two. As far as I'm concerned, it doesn't work until Scott Aaronson says it works. EDIT: My comment was kind of snarky and curt without much info; I need to be better about that. I did read Scott's post when it was published, and the consensus I got from it is that D-Wave's device achieves a constant-factor speedup, not a quantum one. I just think, with that being generally accepted by all parties now, it's pretty disingenuous to keep calling it a "quantum computer", when it's really a (faster) classical computer that uses quantum mechanical effects. I mean, the Intel chip in my laptop also uses QM effects because the feature size is so small, but nobody calls it a quantum computer. Maybe that's the media's fault though. Are D-Wave/Google themselves still saying "quantum computer"? SECOND EDIT: Rereading Scott's post more carefully, it seems like Google and D-Wave are now calling it a "quantum annealing device" and are more forthcoming about the lack of quantum speedup. So unless they're talking out of both sides of their mouth and still saying "quantum computer" to the popular press to build hype, I guess everyone is a reasonable person after all and it's the media's fault as usual. [Google announces Home, an Echo competitor] This seems cool. Echo is pretty neat but this space could use some competition. ["available later this year"] Ah, so it's doomed. Those four words are a death sentence, particularly from Google's hardware department. This entire keynote just keeps highlighting that one sentence from the end of Maciej's wonderful http://idlewords.com/talks/internet_with_a_human_face.htm "Yesterday ... I realized how long it had been since I looked at a new technology with wonder, instead of an automatic feeling of dread." EDIT: Speaking of Maciej, if you're not already following him on Twitter, today is the day to do that. He's having a field day with this keynote. Move fast and break people. Does anyone here have any experience with one of these in a hilly city? Does it work, or is the utility so compromised that it's no longer worth it? I wouldn't mind one but I'm in Seattle and afraid that our inclines would severely crimp it. Sounds good, although I have something of a weight problem as well and so I bet it would struggle with me. Maybe this can be the reward I promise myself if I manage to actually lose weight. Thanks! It has regenerative braking (see http://boostedboards.com/faq/ towards the bottom of the Product tab) The Chinese maglev projects are white elephants. All they demonstrate is that maglev can kind of work if you have a government willing to write a blank check in order to demonstrate the power of the glorious People's Republic; but this says nothing about their practicality in the rest of the world, where their cost/benefit ratio has to withstand comparison against other technologies. > The Second Avenue subway cost a lot more. This is an apples and oranges comparison. Big construction projects will always cost a lot more in the United States because of high labor costs, getting a plan that is acceptable to all levels of government and other stakeholders, environmental impact studies/minimization, and all those other pesky things that China doesn't have to worry about. You would have to do a comparison with a Chinese rail project to get useful results. What fun! I like the suggestion here for 'kindness' as a good first search, but don't forget to try the inflammatory ones too! "liberals" and "gamergate" seem like fun places to start. - Why the arbitrary 12-character limit? There are so many more controversial phrases yet to try. - I seem to frequently get this error in Chrome when trying to submit: "hivemind.js:62 Uncaught TypeError: arr.map is not a function" Awww, mean old Google API. Why have something like this at all if you can't look up flamebait? I wonder if you could build the same thing with the Twitter API and a quick clustering algorithm. That might even fit the spirit of the application better: Google definitely curates its search suggestions, whereas Twitter posts really are "the hivemind". Still, this is cool. Thanks for sharing! My favorite New Yorker cartoon ever: http://www.condenaststore.com/-sp/Yes-the-planet-got-destroy... "Yes, the planet was destroyed. But for a beautiful moment in time we created a lot of value for shareholders." I'm not very familiar with FileVault, but does it not provide a recovery key when you set it up? (for writing down and stashing in a safe place or backing up to the cloud) Every other FDE scheme I've ever seen does, accompanied by big scary "WRITE THIS DOWN. IF YOU LOSE IT, AND THEN YOUR DISK GETS CORRUPTED, YOUR DATA IS GONE FOREVER" warnings, and with good reason: yeah, if the master key sector is corrupted and you don't have a backup, you're screwed. Ah, that's my misunderstanding then. I always thought the recovery key was the volume master key, for the purposes of guarding against accidents like this. Good to know that's not the case; I think I should go check up on my backup solution now. Did you steal that from the Ars comments, or are you the same guy trying to get cleverness points twice? Sure does make this line in Thiel's Wikipedia page a bit awkward: "The Thiel Foundation is also a supporter of the Committee to Protect Journalists, which promotes the right of journalists to report the news freely without fear of reprisal" Oh, but I'm sure this wasn't reprisal against Gawker (and specifically Valleywag, which was always extremely critical of libertarian VC techbros in general and Thiel in particular), he was just so moved by the plight of a pro wrestler suffering immensely from a leaked sex tape. Look, I'll get out in front of people accusing me of bias and just say it: I've always hated Thiel. I hate his politics, the behavior of several of the companies he founded, and his smarmy "drop out of college!" advice. But even if you don't share my bile, you should be deeply disturbed by the fact that at least one Silicon Valley billionaire is talking about freedom and innovation with one side of this mouth, while using his money to try and destroy insufficiently sycophantic press outlets. We're moving ever-closer to a world where our industry leaders are not very distinguishable from 19th century robber barons (maybe not to you, but increasingly to the general public) (Reposting here since I'm not sure which submission on new is going to "win") Sure does make this line in Thiel's Wikipedia page a bit awkward: "The Thiel Foundation is also a supporter of the Committee to Protect Journalists, which promotes the right of journalists to report the news freely without fear of reprisal" Oh, but I'm sure this wasn't reprisal against Gawker (and specifically Valleywag, which was always extremely critical of libertarian VC techbros in general and Thiel in particular), he was just so moved by the plight of a pro wrestler suffering immensely from a leaked sex tape. Look, I'll get out in front of people accusing me of bias and just say it: I've always hated Thiel. I hate his politics, the behavior of several of the companies he founded, and his smarmy "drop out of college!" advice. But even if you don't share my bile, you should be deeply disturbed by the fact that at least one Silicon Valley billionaire is talking about freedom and innovation with one side of his mouth, while using his money to try and destroy insufficiently sycophantic press outlets. We're moving ever-closer to a world where our industry leaders are not very distinguishable from 19th century robber barons (maybe not to you, but increasingly to the general public) > but Gawker seems to very clearly be in the wrong here That's not really relevant to my point. Even if Gawker was completely wrong to do what they did, why did Thiel pick that case to donate to? Plenty of people file lawsuits just as valid as Hulk Hogan's every day. Or why didn't he file an amicus curiae? This is clearly an attempt to destroy press he has a grudge against, which is alarming even if the specific lawsuit he picked was a valid one and the defendants were "Gawker bloggers". Look at the bigger picture. This is kind of par for the course in non-profit AI research. OpenAI's spiritual parent MIRI also has something of a problem with lots of press releases and credential waving with few impactful papers or research. That sounds a little harsh and I don't really mean in that way. Commercial AI/ML projects, since they have a clear goal they can measure against (play Go, drive a car, get better search results) tend to make meaningful progress that we can see, whereas the more philosophical and research-oriented non-profits don't have a yardstick like that, and probably won't until we have an inkling on how to actually make "strong AI". So this organization will probably seem like vaporware for some time, but hopefully it will prove its worth in the long run. Now we have to hope this doesn't get overturned by a Circuit judge like it did before. Still, this is excellent news. Is it apropos on HN to link to cite one's own comment? I made a comment about this a month or so ago that I think is relevant: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11592455 . Essentially, I think this cash hoarding is motivated by fear, fear of being "disrupted" and becoming the next RIM or Palm or whatever: in a dominant position in year N; dead as a doorknob in year N+3. And this is the toughest kind of fear, because it's perfectly reasonable but can still get pathological when taken too far. To make this clear (because TFA certainly, and probably intentionally, didn't), this is not the same thing as what Thiel is doing. Omidyar and FLM are filing an amicus brief, not donating money. The fact that you even think "totalitarian levels of redistribution" is a cogent concept is a strong indicator that your opinion on this topic isn't worth much. Who said I wanted a debate? Perhaps I'm having a bad morning and simply wanted to vent at the uninformed adolescent libertarianism all too common on HN. In addition to the other replies, I want to point out that a major reason for the tunnel's existence isn't just to reduce travel times, but to provide an alternative way for freight to cross the mountains besides using trucks over the roads, which are dangerous and make a lot more pollution. Even if transit times for passengers don't decrease that much, this will be judged a success if it gets a lot of freight trucks off the road. If you've got a recent-ish smartphone, I would highly recommend getting yourself a Google Cardboard for watching YouTube 360 videos, it really makes it even cooler. Yeah it's "poor man's VR" and certainly not in the same league as things like the Rift/Vive, but it's 15 bucks, so why not? I definitely feel like I've gotten 15 bucks worth of use out of mine, mostly because of videos like this. I always thought Steam Machines were intended to be a hedge, if Microsoft continued down the Windows 8 path of "make everything a Metro tablet app and lock out Win32 games". Since Microsoft did a near-total 180 on that for Windows 10, Steam Machines don't have much of a purpose anymore, but could still be judged a success. You don't call a hedge "failed" if the bad scenario never came to pass; it was good risk management. Red? Not bloody likely. We should be cheering Apple for even using yellow, most of the time when things are on fire we don't even get that. Instead we get "green, with the tiny blue 'i' in the corner". Status pages are a bad joke. > One way to look at this is that people won't feel embarrassed by things they do in public. I've heard this theory before, that once there are no more secrets, we won't be embarrassed by our social missteps anymore, or able to use them to attack others because the attacking party will be equally guilty. I think it's a load of BS. Humans are nasty, shitty little hypocrites: if they have dirt on someone else they'll shout it from the rooftops without caring one whit if they're just as bad. Similarly, the people consuming the gossip won't care one bit if they have equally embarrassing stuff in public, before using that data to pass unalterable moral judgment. Have you ever seen an internet comment section filled with Screaming Moral Outrage at some faux pas, even though most of those commenters are probably worse people? That's what the future is going to be like. Picture a shame mob stamping on a human face, forever. Patent invalidation is executed lazily. If somebody ever challenges Microsoft on this patent, then the prior art from Minority Report could be brought up, but until then it stays on the books. I already knew that Fadell was a jerk, but apparently he's delusional as well. Via http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-06-03/flying-goo... : "I don’t know why I feel this way, but between working closely with Bill Campbell, working closely with Steve Jobs and watching a lot of my mentors pass on, unfortunately, I feel like I bear this responsibility now. There’s a few of us who are keepers of that knowledge. It’s almost our responsibility to be able to continue that way of thinking, that way of working. Expect excellence, respect excellence, drive hard, change things, don’t accept the status quo, push yourself, push the people on your team harder than they could ever imagine, and they will do more than they could have ever imagined." You gotta love these incompetent execs, who have taken nothing away from Steve Jobs' legacy except "be an asshole". Tony, listen: Steve Jobs succeeded in spite of being a massive douche, because he was a genius who essentially invented new product categories, and made them work really really well. You, on the other hand, stuck networking interfaces in common household appliances, usually making them worse. Your psychopathic treatment of your employees gains you nothing in that case. > demanding a democratic open process would lead to no free trade deals at all Sounds like a win-win. You could, but you won't. Referrals are a great way to lose friends in a hurry, especially with something like cellphone plans where everyone already has one and so the only way to get the referral bonus is to convince someone to switch from their existing plan, (as opposed to brand-new services where they just have to sign if up they find it useful). Ever unfriended a bunch of people on Facebook because they wouldn't stop pestering you to help them out in some stupid game, or about this great nutritional supplement program they wanted you to try? This is kinda neat, and if any friends of mine express independently express interest in switching to T-Mobile, I suppose I'll bring this up and make a little cash (I'm a current customer), but don't think this is going to be a huge deal. I'm sure T-Mobile knows this, and are counting on the nice PR of this announcement as much as its actual effectiveness in signing up new subscribers. I'm not sure what you want Microsoft to do in that case. When a new product (Trello, Slack) appears and it turns out tons of workers and enterprises like it, Microsoft has 3 options: 1. Ignore it, and hope it turns out to be a fad. 2. Buy them and rebrand it 3. Try to launch their own competitor version 1 isn't really an option, and between 2 and 3, I'd rather Microsoft did 3, so we can have more competition. The fact that it's a closed platform and tied in to all their services is just kind of unavoidable; it would be kind of silly of them to launch a new product and not tie it in to O365. > What does it bring to the table that I can't code myself? The ability to create reasonably good-looking cross-platform desktop applications using Node.js. Obviously Electron is not much use to you if you're already experienced in the native development kit of your platform, but if your main expertise is Node.js (which is the case for an increasing number of developers), Electron is quite handy. > It's simple: make computers secure enough that connecting one to the net won't imply being hacked within a few days (minutes in some cases). You remind me of that episode of Star Trek when the crew is trying to figure out how to stop an asteroid impact and Q goes "It's simple! Just change the gravitational constant of the universe". Huh, I did not know until just now that US Cellular owned their own network. I could've sworn that Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Sprint were the only four network owners in America and US Cellular was an MVNO. Guess that says something about either the quality of their network or the quality of their marketing. And as we all know, those don't count because gang members' lives aren't worth anything. It's only a real mass shooting if it was nice white children who died. Only a Sith deals in absolutes! > Linux, please take off. Sorry, no can do. We have to complete the process of breaking everything with systemd, then as soon as that's done rewrite KDE and Gnome from scratch again . > Apple really needs to improve OpenGL support at least. Bump version to 4.4. They should also fix any OpenGL bugs in a timely manner. Not going to happen. Metal is the One True Way now. btrfs was available in the Linux kernel in 2009, but didn't see production release in the tinkerer-friendly distros until 2012 and in an enterprise distro until 2015. These things take time: filesystems need to be absolutely bulletproof, especially in the consumer space where (unlike Linux) most users will have no idea what to do if something goes wrong. I'd say Microsoft is still on schedule. Questions like this are appropriate when discussing voluntary euthanasia for terminal medical conditions (which I am in favor of, for the record). They are not at all relevant in cases like this; where Facebook is trying to aid detection and intervention in cases of mental illness when the suicidal person is (literally) not thinking properly. Nowhere in this discussion is there an implication that suicide is wrong, immoral, or a crime, or that the people should be punished; I don't understand why you're even bringing that up. Not sure what your point is. Are you saying Apple should use this? AFAICT it's still under the CDDL, which is the main reason Apple abandoned the ZFS plans in the first place. It'll be amusing if this creates an arms race where Google ignores more and more autocomplete values, until someone just makes an Apache/nginx extension which just gives them a random value. > was it incompatible by design or simply by incompetent management? "Have you stopped beating your wife?" Seriously, what a dumb question. The answer is "neither": at the time of its release, IE6 was great. It was way better than its only real competition, Netscape 6, which hadn't seen updates in years. Yes, it had bugs, but all software does. If Microsoft had just given it regular updates, it would've been fine. The issue with IE6 was not that it was bad ab initio , it was that Microsoft abandoned development when they felt they had no competition, so it slipped farther and farther behind web standards. I'm not terribly well-versed in stocks and trading, so forgive me if this is an obvious question, but: My broker (Fidelity) charges me something like $7/day/stock to keep a stop order open. Presumably I could accomplish the same thing for free with Trigger. Is there some major difference between a "sell if below X" Trigger and a stop order, or is Fidelity just bilking me? Interesting, I guess I just need a new broker. Amusingly, after I finished my comment I figured I'd log into my Fidelity account (which I hadn't done in a while), and I couldn't because it turns out they don't allow certain characters in their passwords and so the last time I changed my password it silently failed without telling me. Still, Trigger sounds pretty neat even if you do have a non-crappy broker. As soon as HN picks it apart to make sure there are no obvious pitfalls, I'll definitely take a look. The first thing you should do, if you want Silicon Valley to help fight cyberterrorism, is not talk to it via the RAND Corporation. Politically, Silicon Valley is an uneasy truce between liberals and libertarians, and while they don't agree on everything, I think one thing they share is a negative attitude towards the RAND Corporation; perceiving it as the face of the unaccountable military-industrial complex and its close friend, the panopticon surveillance state. Try again. This is fascinating. How do ancaps propose that DRO's will enforce their judgments? With violence? What's to stop the losing party from just gathering a bigger militia and shooting back to prevent collection? I wonder what the most interesting program you can fit in the number of bytes it takes just to represent this class's name is. My honest thoughts? It's a great idea which (like most great ideas regarding police reform) will never, ever happen because of opposition from police unions. And that nobody knows how to write secure code. How would this work? If you discovered an attack, what would be the incentive to not just sit on it until it was released to the real world? I don't know if advertisers are the villains here, or at least they're not the only ones. People want things that are expensive to run and maintain (journalism, social networking services, accurate internet search), but don't want to pay for them. AFAIK, advertising is the only way to square that circle. Several large companies have sharply withdrawn support from the RNC without abandoning it completely. Microsoft used to make monetary donations to them every election cycle, this year they are donating technical support to the convention but no money. YMMV on whether that's good/bad/enough. I hope you mentioned that at the keynote, or will in upcoming talks. That's a great story. >> Many people are getting sick. > Source? It runs contrary to my experience, and my sample is large enough to be data, not anecdata. Here's at least one source: https://twitter.com/JamesStevenson/status/743896444650692608 (more if you count the replies agreeing with him). I picked him because he's a somewhat notable individual in the games industry, but I saw many anecdotes from other E3 attendees agreeing with him. It seems that while the first few people/companies with major skin in the game (Valve, Oculus) are being very careful with VR best practices, a lot of companies just looking to get into the gold rush are not. Because it's what people pay for. Unless a news outlet is publicly-funded (NPR, the BBC), they all eventually face a choice: give the people what they want, or go out of business. IMO, C# is the language that best hits the sweet spot of evolution pace: not so slow that it becomes stagnant and outdated, but not so fast that people feel adrift and confused. C# 6 may not have had any show-stopper features like Linq or async/await, but the syntactic sugar all aimed at immutable/functional styles have let me clean up my code tremendously, and it looks like 7 is going to be more of that. Looking forward to it very much. Edit: I stand by my statement even though I guess pattern matching and immutable types will have to wait for C# 8. The Python-esque tuples allowing for multiple return values without out params or Tuple<> is enough to keep me happy :) It's a taxable benefit in the US too, I'm not sure where the parent's "tax writeoff" comment is coming from. Google actually got in some trouble recently for not reporting their free food to the IRS. Normally I would agree with you and say that "worst leader ever" statements are hyperbolic when the leader is still in office, but this time I think it's appropriate. The United Kingdom is probably going to ultimately dissolve as a result of this vote, and Cameron is going to be remembered as the moron who let it happen, all because of a catastrophically failed gambit to pander to the Ukip-leaning Tories. "Worst leader ever" seems apt when you directly caused a nation's end. > I'm not seeing a lot of news about how the pro-Brexit people feel about the dissolution of the UK. Surely they knew this was an outcome. Want to know something darkly amusing? It's possible that they didn't. This is still anecdotal at this point, and of course the Remain side could be playing it up, but there are reports that at least some Leave voters intended it as a protest vote thinking it wouldn't actually happen: https://twitter.com/AdamWSweeney/status/746261907233988609 How wonderful would that be, if the biggest blunder in Britain's history happened unintentionally because some people wanted to stick it to their council. I need to go drink some more. Here's a Leave fellow who says he just did it as a protest vote thinking it wouldn't actually pass. https://twitter.com/AdamWSweeney/status/746269140915208193 I don't know whether to laugh or cry. The most important international agreement in the UK's history torn up because people thought this was a Buzzfeed poll. Explain to me why London's clearly expressed democratic desire to stay is less valid than the overall nation's vote to leave (especially when the margin in London was much larger than for the nation overall). This is the problem with direct referendums, and why this Brexit vote should never have happened: as soon as you say that "we need direct democracy so the people can have a voice", smaller geographic areas which hold the opposite view have equally valid claims. (EDIT: a lot of my replies seem to be missing the point. I mean why is London's desire less valid philosophically , not legally. Obviously London could not legally depart without a vote in Parliament, but if Londoners clearly express their desire to leave the UK and the UK doesn't let them, well, that seems awfully antithetical to the direct democracy that the Brexiters say they want) I think you're missing the sarcasm in those comments. Just like this petition as a whole, they are deliberate ironic echoes of the Leave camp's claims in order to raise the question of "Why is your vote valid but not ours" Unfortunately, this proposal has its own set of problems. The southern United States had such a system for a long time, and in practice its only use was to keep black people from voting. I doubt that exact problem would happen again, but "voting licenses" come fraught with peril that they will be used to keep out the opinions of the "undesirables", whatever they may be at the moment. Also, in the traditional banking system the thieves are usually caught (for all the glamor and romance, bank robbery has a very low success rate), whereas in cryptocurrency thefts, the perps are never identified, and even if they were they'd probably be in a country that doesn't give a damn. I choose to ignore this post so five weeks from now I can write an outraged "Microsoft is TRACKING YOU" article on Medium that will garner me praise and upvotes. IME, the most important key to Latex is setting up your environment so you can have a fast turnaround time between writing some markup and seeing what it looks like (essentially, getting a "Latex REPL"). There are a bunch of different ways to do this, you'll have to pick what's best for you. On Macs I tend to use Sublime Text (substitute with your editor of choice) with a macro to invoke pdfTeX; on Windows I use TeXstudio which has live preview support. There are other ways; do whatever's best for you. The second most important thing I've found for latex is setting up macros. In TextExpander/AHK I have several dozen Latex macros set up, like \tbl3 => \begin{tabular}{ l | c | r } a & b & c \\ \end{tabular} With a bunch of variants for different styles (full borders, etc.), column numbers, etc. Once your macros have become muscle memory, writing Latex speeds up considerably. You are correct, though ironically the weather today is pea-soup fog, at least in Bellevue ;) Announcement details at http://cleanly.io/blog/our-incredible-journey I agree. I'm starting to get really weirded out by Tesla's immediate "not our fault!" blog posts every time a Tesla is involved in any kind of accident. I could see the necessity the first few times back when it was new technology to a lot of people (and Top Gear had it in for them), but with it happening over and over it seems whiny and a bit callous. How long to they plan to keep doing this? Whoa, hang on. Statistical arguments for unproven conjectures are bad, but this counterargument is as bad or worse, especially when you start talking about infinity. Just to address your first example: > The number 42 does not exist (logic: pick an integer. The probability that it equals 42 is zero. QED) I object! What is your probability distribution function over the integers? Your phrasing sort of implies a uniform distribution, but there is no such thing as a uniform distribution on an infinite set, and as soon as you pick a plausible pdf the argument stops working. Once again, Silicon Valley the real place is better satire than Silicon Valley the TV show. Tabs, huzzah! Interesting side note to this: I was alerted to this release when I got an e-mail from the UserVoice site saying my upvote for the Tabs feature was released because the feature was now done. I have to say, the widespread adoption of UserVoice has been one of my favorite things about the so-called "New Microsoft". I've had multiple UserVoice suggestions on different products actually implemented; it seems to be the first bug/feature suggestion box from a megacorp where there's a sense that people are actually paying attention. Please tell any teams at Microsoft not yet using UserVoice to do it! > Burning those bridges now could cripple Venezuela permanently. There's not a lot of evidence for this. It's not like no country has ever defaulted before, it happens all the time, and they were able to borrow again once they got themselves functional. Defaulting is bad but certainly not a death sentence. It's especially weird when, as the article points out, bondholders are practically expecting default - and charging interest to match! At a time when it has very little cash, Venezuela is paying extra to avoid a situation that bondholders have already resigned themselves to. > Simply put, the trade-off is not worth it. That's not a sure thing. It could be worth it, depending on how they use the newfound money. It doesn't just have to be buying food, as important as that is. What if they use it to get some functional power plants? The massive brownouts right now are hobbling the economy; there would be much better growth prospects if people had reliable power. That's kind of a special case that doesn't apply anymore: Argentina didn't have a collective action clause on its debt, meaning they could not force the holdouts to take the haircut even though 93% of the bondholders agreed to it. Virtually all debt issued by developing countries, and even a lot of developed ones, now has a strong CAC specifically because of the Argentina situation. Far more annoying and productivity-impeding for the users to have to put up with it. It's because the roads are aligned with the axes of the island itself, and the island doesn't face north-south It's a tough call, and I can see arguments for both sides. On the other side, one of the big selling points of TypeScript is that you can take your existing huge JavaScript codebase, and with little effort turn it into TypeScript with all the types being "any", then gradually add strong types as time permits. This wouldn't work if --strictNullChecks was the default and would add one more step to the migration process. Hacker News, adding features that people have been requesting for years? Is it April 1st already? Nah, I kid ;) This all looks great, thanks! > Yes, I did read the entire article and you could have made your point without having to insult me personally. You asserted with great confidence that the lawsuit was about the $70K salary, when it wasn't at all, as even a cursory glance at the article would've told you. wutbrodo did not insult you personally; he called your comment uninformed, which is pretty indisputably true. You don't really have any grounds to be angry here. Your evidence for this is... ? > I'm well aware of zoning laws. I think when they're taken too far, they impinge on personal liberty. Well then it's a good thing we have courts to decide what "too far" is. The Supreme Court has decided that zoning laws are not inherently unconstitutional ( Euclid v. Amber ), but they've struck down more infringing laws on multiple occasions. Maybe you don't agree with the exact balance they've chosen, but that's your problem, not a fatal flaw of our government. > I think what we need is a constitutional limit on state power in the United States. We already have one: the Supremacy Clause. Federal laws and the national constitution override state laws in all cases. If a certain right is not granted either by a state or by the Supremacy Clause, it's because both the state and the Federal government have decided that particular right isn't a natural one. Again, you seem to be taking your particular conceptions of liberty and what the law should be, and deciding the government is flawed for not obeying them. A lot of us like the current system. If there's a particular right you feel should be Constitutionally protected against state laws, we have a system for that with Constitutional amendments enforced by the Supremacy Clause. Propose one to your representative if you like. But your suggestion of more non-specific Constitutional limits on state power is not going to win you many followers: the vague right-libertarianism of your attitude will alienate the Left, and the Right will balk at your suggestion of more Federal limits on state power. You're walking a lonely road here. That discussion and others have led me to the conclusion that the NT kernel has an excellent design and a subpar implementation (since only Microsoft's team can work on it), whereas Linux has a crappy design and an excellent implementation (being constantly refined and iterated by anyone). Kind of makes you wonder what could be possible if Microsoft would ever open-source it. This is hugely important. The precedent that the government was trying to set- that American courts can issue warrants to an American company to retrieve data stored in any country- would've been a disaster for so many different reasons: - The simple privacy nightmare of the US government being able without the cooperation of other countries - American cloud providers losing customers to native companies which would be unaffected by the ruling - Retaliatory actions of foreign governments demanding information stored in the US, with no sound rationale why these requests should be refused. Of course, now intelligence agencies are simply going to go to Congress and demand a revised version of the Stored Communications Act that would let them get back to business as usual, but this could be defeated. Keep paying attention! > so what?! There are some people, including a lot of us here on Hacker News, for whom a Trump administration wouldn't be that big of a deal. I'd hate it, but my day-to-day life probably wouldn't change all that much (unless he really goes off the deep end and starts a war, either the real kind or the trade kind, which can't be ruled out). But there are a lot of people for whom a Trump administration would be a living hell. Those people have a right to be angry at Thiel's support of Trump without being treated to a "so what?! he's a smart mean of ideas and vision" lecture. That's especially true when, as mentioned above, Thiel's support doesn't appear to be coming from a genuine belief that Trump is the right man for the job, but rather a hope that he will be such a disaster the country will fall apart, and that will ultimately result in the more widespread public support for Ayn Rand-style libertarianism that Thiel has been craving for so long. "Let's burn everything down and hope my preferred ideology springs from the ashes" is easy to support when you're rich and powerful enough to be unharmed by the "burning down" part, which Thiel is and most people are not. > ESR captures all the aspects fairly well I'm gonna stop you right there. The idea that ESR is the final authority on what the "hacker ethos" is or should be is much more offensively wrong than anything in this article. > Latest news is that the military has full control. Is there a source for this other than the military itself? Because this is one of those situations where you can't really trust any reports until everything shakes out: right now the Turkish state media is, of course, claiming the coup has failed. They might've been planning and negotiating the deal as a 'just-in-case' far ahead of the vote. It's not like people didn't know the pound was going to plummet in the event Leave won. Maybe, but it's hard to be moved and stirred by the author's ethical call to action in the last sentence when he himself clearly can't overcome the behavior he's complaining about. The nine-dash line is self-evident absurdity. One glance at it on a map is enough to know it's ridiculous. It's like if Spain claimed the entire Mediterranean Sea all the way to the Suez Canal. I'm sorry if China is upset by this Hague ruling, but the historical conditions of 500 years ago don't mean they get to extend a giant territorial pseudopod into a body of water and muscle out five other countries, many of which have more coastline on it. I'm surprised Portugal didn't score higher. One day in the car I randomly asked myself the same question of "which country is the most rectangular", and Portugal was the first one I thought of. Is it because the Azores were included? Would like to see the rank if they had only the mainland. You'd be amazed how many Neoreactionaries are gay guys from foreign countries. I've never known what to make of this phenomenon, but it's fascinating to watch. You can get a feed of all his articles, regardless of column/feature here: http://www.bloomberg.com/view/rss/contributors/matt-levine.r... , or in browser form here: http://www.bloomberg.com/view/contributors/ARbTQlRLRjE/matth... . He's the only individual columnist at a mainstream press outlet that I've bothered doing that for, he's that good. (as in, I follow feeds for newspapers, and feeds for individual bloggers, but only Matt as an individual newspaper writer). Scott's own "Top Posts" link is also a useful starting point if you don't have time for the entire archive. The top 4 posts (The Control Group Is Out Of Control, I Can Tolerate Anything Except The Outgroup, Toxoplasma of Rage, and Meditations on Moloch) were all world-changers for me. > that those with religious beliefs specifically should not be taken at their word For better or worse, the idea that religious people shouldn't be taken at their word is a core belief of the LessWrong crowd, of which Scott is one of the most notable members. "Belief in Belief" [1] is one of the earliest grounding chapters of the beloved Sequences, and I'm pretty sure that's where the meltingasphalt post got its inspiration. > Rather, why does a belief in some bearded guy in the sky suddenly invalidate the content of your other, when belief in "The Equality of Humanity" or "The Progress of History" or "The Zeitgeist" or "Free Markets" or other such fluffy abstractions not[1]? It is, at least for some people. For example, I feel roughly the same way about people who "believe in Free Markets" as I do about people who believe in God; interpret that as you will. [1] http://lesswrong.com/lw/i4/belief_in_belief/ http://xkcd.com/793/ The comic is making fun of physicists, but honestly, programmers are as bad or worse. You are really missing the point, to such an extent that your entire comment looks like a non sequitur that has nothing to do with what the article was talking about. It's not saying anything about whether lying by the elites has become more or less common, or whether people have more or less ability to expose the lies than they used to. The point is that people no longer care about exposing the lies; facts have become irrelevant compared to cheering for your team, right or wrong. That is the recent development, and a very worrying one despite what the usual lofty detachment of the HN comments here thus far seems to think. You can't have democracy if people don't care about the difference between true and false (well, you can , but it will be unable to accomplish anything; it will just stagger along dysfunctionally until it is replaced by an autarch when the people get sufficiently sick at the lack of results from the government) > our disdain for facts is just more apparent, not a new phenomenon. If the disdain for facts is having macroscopic effects on society now, and was not before, this is a distinction without a difference. Simply redefine "post-fact era" in your own view to, "now it can have a much greater impact than it could before" and the article's analysis remains mostly intact. > Facts have always been irrelevant compared to cheering for your team. Facts have never mattered when it comes to partisanship or tribalism. This is the crux of our disagreement, I think. I believe you are mistaken, or at least that the degree to which "facts are irrelevant" to people has undergone such a large increase that it is having many more visible and serious effects on society. Consider something like Watergate, which caused the President's party to demand his resignation. Would that happen today if the exact same events transpired? It absolutely would not. People in the same tribe as the sitting President, whichever that is, would just brush off the whole thing as lies and spin created by the media. The "post-fact era" is what changed between then and now. Yes, every single person reporting news you find inconvenient is a Hillary shill. > I'm not saying that's what's going on here. But it comes to mind. Stop with this Fox News bullshit. If you have a theory about what's happening here, own it - enough of these "I'm not saying... " non-accusation accusations. The problem is that perf tips have a strong tendency to become "cargo cult knowledge" that keep getting passed around even though no one knows the original reason for their existence, or that they have long since stopped applying. This has been a problem in the C world for ages, and now it looks like it's coming to JavaScript as well. Even if Google were to fix this issue tomorrow, we'd probably still see programmers in 2025 writing convoluted code to avoid try/catch because "it's bad for performance, I heard that somewhere". If Microsoft had released Chakra around the same time, it never would've been an issue, because people would've known "Oh, this is just Google's bug", gotten on their case to fix it, and it would've been gone a long time ago. Every year at my company we are required to take a business conduct standards course that says, in no uncertain terms, that you will be fired if you do this. The emacs community might think it's "working fine". The glibc community-- which had to forego many bugfixes and optimizations for years, solely because of emacs-- might disagree. This is the point where things begin to look really scary for every retail company not named Amazon. Amazon's previous two decades of tiny profits have all been in service of building a massive logistics infrastructure (and locked-in customer base, via Prime) that no one else can touch, and now it's paying off. It's going to be very difficult to catch up to them - even if someone was willing to spend a lot of money to do it, Amazon could easily go back to the old regime of just reinvesting more into its operations; with these last three quarters, they've shown the naysayers that it can be made to pay dividends, and so I think Wall Street would be patient if they returned to that route. > Look at HTC. What do they do besides great hardware? I'm looking at HTC - what I see is a company that did great with Android for a short while, then got chewed up as Apple and Samsung ran away with the high end of the market while the Chinese manufacturers gobbled up the bottom end. All the "Nokia should've gone with Android!" comments I see around the internet never try to explain how they think Nokia would've fared any better than HTC (or Sony, or Motorola). > Now HTC is making the best VR headset and has a fairly bright future. You and I see HTC's future very differently. The Vive is the thread they're hanging by, and as soon as Valve doesn't need them anymore, it's going to be over ( http://arstechnica.co.uk/gadgets/2016/07/can-we-stop-pretend... ) FreeBSD running on Hyper-V (Microsoft's virtualization layer) was slow; now it's faster thanks to code Microsoft contributed (EDIT: or simply sponsored, it's not clear). Totally unrelated to anything, but I love the term "numerical relativists". I know it's actually a branch of computational physics, but it calls to mind postmodernists invading mathematics departments and claiming that theorems are socially constructed, and that maybe 2 > 3 under a Marxist-Leninist interpretation. Heh, the East Coast of the US had a similar experience in 2011, leading to great jokes like http://wp.patheos.com.s3.amazonaws.com/blogs/friendlyatheist... And the follow-up article, which discusses the usual objections that programmers have to the original article: http://ansuz.sooke.bc.ca/entry/24 . Particularly noteworthy is a comment from a lawyer that a key misunderstanding among programmers is that in law, the humans and their social interactions are the first-class entities of the system, not second-order distractions as they tend to be in engineering. This was a very enlightening moment for me in my journey towards understanding why the law seems so absurd from a mathematical perspective. This seems like as good a time as any to bring up a question I've been wondering. I've seen enough examples like this to know that, for monoalphabetic substitution ciphers, frequency analysis is the way to go with attacking them. But what about ciphers that are just slightly more complicated than that, but nowhere near the strength of "real" crypto. How does one go about attacking these? Like, imagine a cipher where you shift each letter once (modulo 'Z') for each character of the text thus far (e.g. "HELLO WORLD" becomes "HFNOS BUYTM"). I'm sure someone has a name for this that I don't know. This seems immune to frequency analysis (unless you have such a large ciphertext that you begin to notice recurring strings with 1/26th the probability of a monoalphabetic cipher), but still trivial enough that an experienced cryptanalyist should crack it immediately. My question is, how would they do it? What's the "next step" if frequency analysis fails? You're right, it looks like my scheme is equivalent to a Vignère cypher with "ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ" as the key, with the weaknesses thereof. Thanks! My answer is the same as with most "whaddabout... " questions with biometrics: consider the threat model. How likely is it that you'll run into someone who would threaten you with bodily harm to get you to unlock a phone with your retina but wouldn't do the same thing if you had a passcode? Not very. So, this proposal improves on security for at least one scenario, while being no worse at another - that's an improvement. Don't succumb to the Nirvana fallacy. It's possible for both of you to be right. I don't agree with everything Ross Douthat says, but he had an interesting column a little while ago claiming that the non-nationalist "global elite" constitute their own tribe, which has identical characteristics regardless of where in the world they are: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/03/opinion/sunday/the-myth-of... . It's possible that this tribe is growing, but is not currently all-encompassing, and the reactions against it are the movements that you are referring to. Just because you wrote about it on Medium, and used words like "biz dev", doesn't mean you're not a spammer. Seriously, if you're not swayed by the ethical considerations and all the other commenters here pointing out how scummy and immoral your business is, at least consider the liability questions. You're in pretty flagrant violation of the CAN SPAM Act and could be looking at very large fines. Turn it off. The first comment in that article points out what's really the cherry on the stupidity cake: it's not even that the mortgage interest deduction is small-but-at-least-something for middle-class families. For a lot of them it's literally zero , because it's often less than the standard deduction. Even leaving aside the political class's counterproductive obsession with homeownership, the insanity here is of the masses passionately supporting a $100 billion annual expense that benefits them not one cent. Just another one of those things that makes me fantasize about a rationalist dictatorship, before I sigh and return to the real world. Fear of Manhattanization is just NIMBYism and pulling up the drawbridge, nothing more. "I've got my lovely two-story single-family house in an urban core, so buzz off." I agree that people should get over it, but telling people to "get over" being a NIMBY has never worked before and isn't about to start now, unfortunately. I don't see the behavior you describe. A lot of the content references external sites, to provide additional information and context, but that's a good thing: it means more people in more places are having knowledgeable discussions that are worth referring to. I don't think it has turned LWN into a content-free link farm. Don't be afraid of hyperlinking; it's the reason the Web was created, after all. LWN articles are paywalled, but subscribers can generate public "subscriber links", which are the ones that get shared to HN. This is such a double-edged sword: it's great for visibility, but as you've shown, it means people can read your content for a long time and never even know that subscriptions are available. That trend only gets stronger as more people go through aggregators like HN/Reddit. Hopefully "pledge drives" like this bring in enough new revenue that they can keep the current system going. > It makes sense. It makes sense strategically . I think most of the people complaining about the deal are more concerned with whether it makes sense tactically , since SolarCity is bleeding cash and wasn't expected to survive much longer, and will now be hitched to Tesla, which doesn't have a great cash flow situation either. The future as foretold by "The Birth and Death of JavaScript" ( https://www.destroyallsoftware.com/talks/the-birth-and-death... ) gets closer every day :) If I'm reading the last few slides correctly, the tl;dr is something like: - They haven't found any actual attacks. - Because the secure enclave runs so little code, there's very little attack surface in software, and much of what there is (mainly message passing between the secure and normal environments) seems solid. The only likely possibility is the wrapper code around IMG4. - However, if there is an exploit in IMG4, there aren't many mitigation techniques (stack canaries, ASLR) built in, so it would be likely to succeed (again, conditional on there actually being an exploit) - Attacking hardware might be possible, but mainly on older devices, because the >= A8 chips have extensive protection against side-channel and power analysis attacks. - One "game over" possibility would be blocking the "fuse signal" that tells the CPU that the secure enclave has been compromised. This would allow for replay attacks. However, this would require extremely capable hardware for both analyzing the chip lines and actually performing the attack. If it's possible at all, it would definitely be restricted to NSA-like scenarios. They do conclude that the iPhone security features seem "light-years ahead of competitors" (their words), and coming from a Blackhat presentation, that actually means something. It's a neat idea, but I would want identity verification - only upvotes from people well-versed in the field should "count", precisely so it doesn't become Reddit. Which means you would have a chicken-and-egg problem when the service got started and few experts were on it yet. Will they even try? WSL isn't installed by default, you have to specifically ask for it, and presumably only a small percentage of Windows 10 installs are developers who'll be doing that. I don't know if malware writers will bother with it. Heh, if you were just about to switch to Linux, then it sounds like it came at a great time for Microsoft too ;) If they were taking a loss on those items, isn't it practically a guarantee that they were doing that with VC money in order to grow their customer base either to build a sustainable business later or make them a more attractive acquisition target? Either way, I wouldn't expect it to continue. Not even after a normal acquisition, and certainly not from WalMart. WalMart (in)famously pinches every penny; they don't sustain money-losers. I last saw this story when the fork looked like it was going to succeed. Did enough people really dig in their heels for the immutable chain that they're going to let the guy get away with robbery? Oh man. Ah, hardcore libertarians. You're all completely mad, but I won't deny you're consistent. > as dubious as some of the things that were done to save mega-banks in 2008. That's a good analogy, but not for the reason you're thinking. The expert consensus on the 2008 bank bailouts is that they had to be done, because letting them fail would've turned the recession into another Great Depression, and that much harder to recover from. Does that mean bailouts are good and proper? No, bailouts are terrible. It means the right way to avoid the moral hazard would have been to better regulate the banks and never have let them get "too big to fail" in the first place. I feel the same way about Ethereum. The DAO hack was a no-win situation, because these "smart contracts" should never have been created to begin with. They're always going to end up in situations like this, because they involve the affairs of messy, imperfect humans. The correct answer to the DAO mess was never to get into it in the first place. I call this the social contract theory of online advertising: that by viewing a free website's content you have implicitly agreed to view the ads that pay for it. I actually think this theory has more merit than a lot of Hacker News gives credit for, but I also recognize that someone who has installed an ad blocker has clearly already rejected it, so trying to debate with them on these grounds isn't likely to get far. I would try to reframe your argument. To me it seems like a pretty straightforward application of the categorical imperative ("act as though your principles will become universal law"): if everyone blocked ads, we'd have no free content. I want free content. Hence, I don't block ads. You don't have to agree with me on this, but I don't think I'm coming from nutty principles. > BoingBoing often seems to have a knee-jerk reaction to DRM. I'm really starting to get annoyed with BoingBoing, and Cory Doctorow in particular, for this and other reasons. It's sad, because he used to be a real icon of mine, and the first person I'd go to for commentary on laws affecting the digital space. But lately I've been noticing that he has this one preferred narrative-- the "hero hackers" versus the stupid-and/or-tyrannical government - and while that narrative is certainly common, Cory rushes to apply it to everything before he stops to examine the facts. See for instance the post-coup Turkey leaks (which he at least apologized for). It's particularly dangerous when it leads to uncritical worship of people like Jacob Appelbaum, who got several glowing tributes in BoingBoing over the years, and look how that turned out. This is a fun article, and also a useful reminder that although Hacker News tends to mythologize autodidacts, the boring reality is that in disciplines other than programming, the overwhelming majority of them are useless cranks. By "useless" I meant, "at present, has nothing to contribute that advances the field" (which I think is indisputably true) rather than "useless to society". Admittedly a different word would probably have made this clearer and less emotionally polarizing. Hey, this is totally off-topic, but I have a humorous question for you guys: whenever I try to say the name of your company, about 75% of the time I flub it and say "Blackbaze" or "Blackblaze". Does this happen to you too? Do you have a swear jar for when people get it wrong? :) I can see it happening. As a non-physicist programmer who knows a little bit about a little bit through popular science (like the people being discussed in the article), I know "just enough to be dangerous" about renormalization. i.e., that it was for a while a controversial practice derided by opponents as "handwaving problems away with division by infinity". I also know that much smarter people than me don't consider it a problem anymore, but it's exactly the kind of gap in the door that self-taught "experts" would use to say that the whole edifice of science needs to be torn down as incorrect and replaced with their personal theory. It would help to clarify what you mean by "tech blog". "Tech" encompasses a lot, and most blogs (aggregators aside) are single-issue or few-issue because most people are knowledgeable about only a few things. What specifically are you looking for? If you want more context to this, there's a lot more in the most recent ATP podcast (with timestamp link included in the article). Which kind of highlights a problem that I think is only going to grow over time - the general greatness of podcasts has one big black spot in that they're tough to share. I've seen so many discussions recently where there was awesome additional context or info in a recent podcast, but it was tough to share it with people in a format where they'd actually consume it. Whereas, if it had been in a blog, sharing would've been easy. Marco has the right idea with these timestamp links, but even that isn't perfect. A lot of people, especially technical people, won't even click on a non-text source, for better or worse. It's a shame that a lot of good information is becoming harder to share due to this. It's not even that podcasts are "locked down" or behind a paywall or anything, it's just that people often don't have the time or motivation to listen to them. I don't have a great solution to this; some kind of automatic transcription maybe? The balls on this guy. The sheer cynical audacity of trying to market yourself as a "defender of privacy" when you serve on the board of a company so antithetical to privacy that they're under federal supervision for twenty years [1] is breathtaking. Please tell me no one on Hacker News is dumb enough to fall for this. My Google-fu is failing me on the exact link (can someone help?), but Marc Andreessen once penned some breathless, excited editorial about "the future of media", and at one point he talked about the editorial/advertising firewall as a relic that needed to be abandoned. It was so slickly inserted that you could almost forget what he was really saying: that news desks need to be prevented from reporting things that companies rather they didn't. Every time a VC tries to tell me "what's wrong with the media", I reach for my gun. Everyone: they're not your friends. They're not trying to help you. Their overriding concern is nurturing the value of their investments, and that sometimes means silencing people who report inconvenient truths. [1] http://www.nytimes.com/2011/11/30/technology/facebook-agrees... (reposted from other submission) > However, this is obviously highly inefficient on long duration seeks. Is it that bad? On the podcast, Marco claimed that seeking forward through an MP3 to find the correct time is pretty efficient, and that the reason for all this trouble is that streaming (specifically, requesting the correct byte offset from the server, if you want to jump to a specific time on the stream) is the problem he's trying to tackle here. He said that if it weren't for the streaming use case, he'd be fine with forward-reading. Hello, and welcome to Hacker News! Your first lesson will be a bunch of people lecturing you about Pinker is another pop-sci con artist (like Malcolm Gladwell and Jared Diamond). We're very friendly and understanding here, see. You gotta love how the first application to be shown in that video is e-mail. I can just imagine how that meeting went. Dev: "OK, we've created the first platform for fully holographic interfaces. You can create entire worlds where the only limit is your imagination. What should we build first?" PM: "Outlook!" Oh Microsoft, never change ;) Before I moved to Seattle, my old three-branch credit union in Podunk County, Flyover State had paperless statements, and that was years and years ago. "Silicon Valley Bank", in 2016, doesn't? > the Facebook requirement with its real-name policy could go some ways to curtailing that kind of dialogue. This was the theory was for a while, but empirical evidence has refuted it. People are just are bad or worse when posting under their real names, and it's not just an anecdotal feeling anymore: https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20160729/23305535110/study... > ... sterling example of the "worst of all solutions" espoused by the Democrats. Instead of simply raising everyone's taxes to pay for public services ... Nope, I'm not letting this slide by. The Democrats did try to do exactly what you propose in the 90s. If it had worked, we would've had a first-world health care system two decades ago. But it was screamed down by the Republican Congress with the usual taxes-liberty-communism-Stalin rhetoric. The ACA was intended as an improvement over the nightmare we had pre-2010 that was still digestible to Republicans. Remember: it's fundamentally a Republican idea. It's similar to what Gingrich proposed as a counter to Clinton's plan (which is what really boils my blood about conservation opposition to it), and it's more-or-less identical to what Romney implemented when he was governor of Massachusetts. So yes, the ACA is a "worst of all worlds" compromise, and of course it sucks. Almost all the Democrats I know agree that it should be scrapped and replaced by a single-payer system tomorrow. But since that doesn't seem likely to happen, the ACA is what we've got. And your blaming of the Democrats for the failure of a Republican idea implemented because the Democrat's much better idea isn't politically possible is despicable and disingenuous in the extreme. > I've never been able to understand how a parent could advocate against European-style healthcare goals. Sheesh, haven't you heard of the slippery slope?? Today it's six months of paternity leave, but from there it's a straight line to Stalinism. /s If it were possible to get in short on this (it's usually not, right after an IPO), that would be the best investment decision anyone's ever made. $2 trillion is ridiculous. Remember when PetroChina hit $1 trillion market cap in 2007, and it was supposed to be a huge milestone for publicly-traded state oil firms? Now they're at a little over a tenth of that. Every reason to expect that the same thing will happen here. PowerShell is my guilty pleasure of the computing world. Once you've piped strongly-typed objects around between your shell commands, text scraping seems barbaric by comparison. The problem, of course, is that you can't use all that power for much, since the pool of PS-compatible tools and utilities is much shallower than it is for Unix shells. I'm really hoping this will help spur a new wave of PowerShell-compatible tools. Come to the dark side, we have (strongly-typed) cookies. > So many strongly typed shells exist already. But no one uses them, and no one is building an ecosystem around them. That's what I'm hoping will change thanks to this announcement. Even if it's not PowerShell itself, if a different strongly-typed shell gets traction because of this, I will be happy. That's what I was trying to say with my comment. If you're just talking about ls/dir, then PowerShell isn't really a win. The advantages are clearer when you start talking about lots and lots of commands. A lot (but not all!) Unix tools have flags to control their output format or input filters, but that means you have to memorize different flags for all of them. OTOH, in PS you just pipe to where/sort/select and they work for everything. IMO PowerShell has better separation of concerns. Shutting down the product is one way a company can qualify for ourincrediblejourney. I would argue that another way is the "we're being acquired by $RANDOM, so thanks for all your personal data!" track. > The other day I read a Volkswagen (VW Golf) today is ten times more expensive today then thirty years ago. After adjusting for inflation? I'm gonna need a citation on that. This number sounds bogus. > A modern graphic card nowadays costs 500$, whereas in 2011 you got it or 200$. A high-end graphics card (like a 1070) costs $500. A mid-range "good enough" card (like an RX 480) costs $200. It's a segmented market, and it was exactly the same in 2011. Again, your claims are highly suspect and I want to see some numbers backing them up. > And CPUs got more expensive again as well. That's because AMD released a garbage fire architecture in Bulldozer, and Intel, no longer having meaningful competition, did what they always do and jacked up prices. Boo on Intel, but there's nothing macroeconomic about it. Here's one "call to action" image that's getting passed around on Twitter: https://twitter.com/abowersock/status/762829538535419904/pho... . While it's filled with the usual scary language and colors, looking at the text of the agreement itself, the scary language and colors seem basically correct. For instance, re: the first buillet, here's Article 18.82, 3 (b). If I'm reading it correctly, it is requiring all countries to adopt the US DMCA system of "ISPs must take down material upon rightsholder request, without a court order": "... shall include a requirement for Internet Service Providers to expeditiously remove or disable access to material residing on their networks or systems upon obtaining actual knowledge of the copyright infringement or becoming aware of facts or circumstances from which the infringement is apparent, such as through receiving a notice of alleged infringement from the right holder or a person authorised to act on its behalf" Verifying the rest of the bullet points is left as an exercise to the reader. For the MBP I think there is no argument. The OP is asking about the MBA though, and then it gets trickier because Apple is still shipping it with that godawful 1440x900 screen. Computers like the XPS 13 have really leapfrogged Apple in that respect. There are still a lot of pluses in the MBA's column but having used high-DPI screens, I couldn't go back to that one. Don't forget that Dell ships the "Developer Edition" with reasonably robust driver support out of the box. What a strange saying; I think I went through that pattern 10 years ahead of schedule. > Practically every major piece of software and hardware that's not open source has a backdoor embedded. [citation needed], and I mean a credible one with evidence, not tinfoil-hat raving. Yes, we know that three-letter agencies look for, and probably have a stash of, zero-days for covert access. And they also do physical attacks wherever possible (like fiber taps at Google's datacenters). But those are two very different things from backdoors built in with the cooperation of the vendor. And despite how many people on the Internet treat "companies build in gov't backdoors" as just unquestioned fact, I've never actually seen any proof. > Before Snowden, a lot of nasty stuff that we now take for granted the intelligence community does, was seen as "tin foil hat." This is true, but using it as a justification for "And therefore, my theory about what the intelligence community is doing is correct and does not need evidence" is a non sequitur fallacy that has become depressingly common in recent years. You still need evidence for individual allegations. To show you what I mean, suppose I were to say, "The NSA has a constellation of mind-control satellites built with help from the lizard men!", and then responded to the deserved skepticism with "A lot of things that used to be tinfoil hat theories we now know to be true thanks to Snowden, so this is too!". That's obviously fallacious reasoning, but it's exactly what people are doing when they toss around allegations of backdoors with no proof. Again: there's no shortcut around the need for evidence. > After Snowden, I no longer doubt the possibility of any realistically imaginable attack ie, assume that if they have the physical ability to do it, you should assume they do it and are not stopped by any ethical concerns. I agree completely, but that's not what I, or the person I replied to, was talking about. The issue I was addressing in my comment was whether their backdoors are being built with the knowledge and cooperation of the vendors, which is very much unknown. Attacks like taps on cables are orthogonal to what I was saying. I agree! And I don't mind pondering, as long as it's clearly marked as such. I do mind statements like "Practically every major piece of software and hardware that's not open source has a backdoor embedded" presented as established fact when they are not. Based on your username, for a minute there I thought you might be Marco Arment, which would've made this comment even more hilariously cynical. But no one on this thread believes it. It certainly says something, and not a good thing, about the startup ecosystem when "in the know" people like us automatically treat news of an acquisition as a death sentence for the product, even if the team claims otherwise. The "must be willing to relocate to San Francisco" meme now even applies to companies with no presence in San Francisco. Why is it a double standard? Google scraping usually benefits the site with increased traffic and revenue, in a way most other scraping does not. Saying "you can scrape me if it benefits me" isn't totally in keeping with the principles of the open web, but it's not hypocritical. [voluntarily removed] Margaret Thatcher once said "The problem with socialism is, you eventually run out of other people's money", which makes it ironic and humorous that Uber, the poster child of Valley Objectivism, has basically the same problem with their "price dumping funded by VCs" model. Note that Excel was also partially responsible for the Reinhart-Rogoff fiasco; though there were other problems of selective data omission that were not Excel's fault. My undergraduate algorithms course did point out that memory hierarchies and branch predictors laugh at big-O notation, and that you should always (as Roboprog said) measure measure measure instead of just assuming a particular algo is best. It was one little piece of material in a course with a lot of ground to cover though, so it's hard to say how well it stuck with the class... The thing is, we almost had this already with Saturn. There were dealerships, but all the cars had fixed prices- no haggling- so it was almost direct-to-consumer, with a bit of added tax for the useless middleman. It was great! But it built up too much resentment at the rest of GM so it had to be killed. It sucks that we're just now starting to get the future we already had, but better late than never. As always when articles like this come up, I want to issue the usual reminder to HN to beware of what pg called "submarine stories" ( http://paulgraham.com/submarine.html ). There are a lot of people who stand to lose a lot of money in fees if "just park it in index funds" becomes more popular advice than it is already. Not to say the analysis above is wrong, but just keep in mind (especially at the WSJ) that it may not be coming from sources with your best interest in mind. With all that growth opportunity, you'd think they could invest a little more in the engineering side. I mean, I like Twitch, but their platform is still a mess. Chat delay can be a minute or more, and the VOD situation still sucks (60 days? Seriously?). I mean, they're owned by the people who run AWS for crying out loud. They should be able to knock this out of the park. I thought YouTube Gaming was going to muscle in to this space quickly just by virtue of technical superiority. It looks like that hasn't happened yet, but Twitch can't afford to get complacent. I assume it's the rent. If it's in the "hip area of Manhattan", as you say, the rent is presumably astronomical. In some places rents are going up by three-digit percentages once a long-term lease is up, so the fact that it was doing well a few years ago sadly doesn't mean much. But in terms of collecting training data to develop the algos that will eventually be fully autonomous, Tesla is way out in front. That's what the OP meant: every Tesla is collecting information that gets sent back to HQ to train the neural nets (or whatever) that will eventually drive the cars themselves. Hold your headphone jack's hand and tell it you love it, because this is the day it goes on life support. I wonder if Pinboard - the regular website - would work for this. I've never tried it, but since it's such a plain no-frills HTML page, there's a change it would look good on a Kindle. (And probably have good perf too - no oodles of JavaScript to execute) Stop posting this damn quote. Just stop it. It's disingenuous and dishonest in the extreme, and whatever relevance it may once have had is long gone. I'm so sick of hearing it in every Hacker News discussion of corporate tax, by ostensibly intelligent people. Here's why: for tax regulations created through a transparent democratic process and a popular mandate, this quote might be proper, but that's not what happens. The kinds of tax loopholes that allow for companies like Apple to dodge their obligations are created through corruption and regulatory capture, and would be choked off in a heartbeat if the general public actually had any say in the matter. Worse, they're simply not available to schlubs like you and me, so it's not a level playing field. To set up these loopholes in a corrupt way, and then use this quote (and the broader attitude of "It's legal, so it's OK!") to gag people from complaining about it, is despicable. We definitely should not throw up our hands! But one of the first steps in fixing the problem is to convince more people that there actually is a problem, and that it is not bad or hypocritical to oppose the use of tax loopholes. That's why I bristle whenever that quote shows up here; it's a deliberate effort to convince people that there's not even a problem. Hacker News seems to have no problem understanding that "legality != morality" when it comes to drugs, so I don't understand why it's so much harder to grasp re: taxation. > I think the quote is used to point out that Apple did nothing (legally) wrong by following the existing law. I think you're simply wrong here. The quote very clearly refers to morality, not legality[0], so I criticize it on moral grounds. > I say, OK, you first. There's a line on the tax form where you can voluntarily pay more. Put your money where your mouth is, I say. Funny you should bring this up! This is the HN corporate tax argument I hate second-most, after the Learned Hand quote. It's a tu quoque fallacy that's simply used as a gag order to pre-emptively shut down any debate on the issue, since obviously no one meets that standard. [0] And even if it didn't, that's how it's used in practice when it's posted here. > https://www.reddit.com/r/nootropics Yikes. Please no. Don't get me wrong. I like /r/nootropics, and I'm glad it exists. I think it's neat that people are willing to risk frying their brain looking for cognitive enhancers, and sometimes I wish I was as cool as gwern and willing to do blind LSD experiments on myself. Very cyberpunk. But telling people with serious conditions to go there for medical advice is dangerous and irresponsible. If you have depression or anxiety, please see a professional. I once attended a course on the .NET memory management and GC model taught by Jeffrey Richter, who was on the CLR team for some time. His opinion was that you should never use "using", and that he opposed adding it to the language at all, but was overridden. At the end of the day I think that's a little excessive, but I do try to avoid "using" unless I know the surrounding object has a long lifecycle and the IDisposable utilizes a very limited resource. > This topic has been coming up on this site for the past decade. Every time it does there are a lot of people who say Silicon Valley will never be beaten. Perhaps, but another topic that has been coming up on this site for the past decade is, "X is the new Silicon Valley!", and every time it does there are a lot of people who say Silicon Valley is about to be beaten... and it hasn't happened yet. That's not to say it won't ever, but the track record of these predictions since, oh, the mid-1980's is dismal, and I would say they have a heavy burden of proof to show they're not talking out of their asses. That's sort of true, but OTOH vi, Emacs and even Notepad++ can write code and view huge log files. People who are holding out on Atom because of speed maybe don't want two tools where one will do, which is perfectly reasonable. > Egomaniacal, narcissistic, who cares? There is decent consensus that these qualities benefit entrepreneurs and leaders. It's possible that they benefit leaders on average but can also cause black-swan cases of terrible decision-making, which I think is the argument against the SolarCity purchase here. Tragic flaws and all that. > I'm not aware of anyone doing this strategically, building bridges from both the supply and demand side, and at this scale. I mentioned this in a previous comment about the SolarCity merger: most people agree it makes sense strategically . We're wondering whether it's a good move tactically , for a company in a stable-but-iffy cash flow situation to buy another company that was hemorrhaging cash and wasn't expected to continue as a going concern for much longer. I think what the parent meant was that "Moby Dick" as a metaphor for "something alien and unknowable whose behavior you can't predict or understand" is not how it's usually used, which can be confusing. Usually when Moby Dick is used allegorically, it means "something very rare", or it's a metaphor about being consumed by the pointless desire for vengeance. Neither of those are the way the author used it here. (More abstractly, if X is usually used in literature as a metaphor for Y, but you use it as a metaphor for Z, and Z and Y are unrelated, readers will sometimes find it hard to follow.) A closer metaphor might've been Solaris, or some kind of Lovecraftian monster, but that reference may have eluded readers. Oh well. I would guess the problem is they don't even know they need to climb it to begin with. I don't think ants have enough consciousness to realize "this is the way I fell down, so this is where I have to go to get back", and the pipe wouldn't have any pheromone trails or anything to signal them. It's a long way to climb when you don't specifically realize that's what you need to do. Is there any way to safely take ayahuasca if I'm taking an SSRI? There's also a good New Yorker article that made a lot of the same points, but in the form of a longform article, if you prefer that: http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2011/02/07/crush-point . The bottom line is that past a certain "person density", crowds are actually governed by a lot of the same laws as fluid dynamics. When you introduce a "wall" in front of the flow, the people at the back don't even know it because they're too far away to notice. They can't know to "stop" any more than water at the back of a pipe can suddenly stop if the water ahead of it encounters an obstacle. I would possibly consider a different name. Modulo the hyphen, this has the same name as an old but still commonly used Windows performance profiling tool, and it might make looking up your tool difficult. IIRC, gwern tends to focus on cognitive enhancers, or psychoactive drugs that could theoretically be used for that purpose (like the LSD microdosing experiment). I don't think he takes hallucinogens recreationally (or if he does, he doesn't write about it) So, can I ask an awkward question? Realistically speaking, is there any chance that a large CA would ever actually be removed from Mozilla's store, no matter how severe their malfeasance? I started wondering this after they declined to remove StartSSL after the Heartbleed fiasco, and while I sort of understood the reasoning there in isolation, between that incident and this long list of WoSign violations, I'm really getting the sense that CA's are "too big to fail" and that the downsides of suddenly breaking huge parts of the internet on unsuspecting users mean that the threat of removing badly-behaving CA's is an empty one. What would a CA have to do to actually be removed, especially if they were to sign really huge sites? Our Incredible Journey toward extinction and malware-serving domain squatters. I don't know if it's YC's fault per se, but it sure doesn't reflect well on them when the first link on their giant cheerful "look at all our companies!" list is a dead domain serving malware. I thought you had reached peak "SV-mocking Latin motto pun" with "Ad Astra Per Aspergera", but you always manage to outdo yourself. I feel like $11/year for a Pinboard account would be worth it to subsidize the puns alone. Bravo. There's a theory out there, "to see what the West will look like in 10-20 years, look at Japan today". It's most commonly applied to economics (permanent low growth, low inflation and ZIRP) and demographics (falling birth rate), but I think it's true of the NEET and hikikomori phenomena as well. The "unemployed young male who just plays video games" demographic that recently got a writeup in the WSJ certainly seems to parallel Japan's NEETs. With hikikomori, it's more anecdotal, but when I flick through my Tumblr feed I feel like I see a lot of people who state outright that they just can't function outside. I think in a few more years it will be noticeable enough that we can say it's happening here "for real" If you previously establish that the vulnerability was introduced by a third party, then "backdoor" might be an OK term afterward - after the context has been introuced. In an example without context (like, a headline), "backdoor" strongly implies that it was built by the vendor. I have to disagree with you and concur with the other commenters saying this was a very misleading choice of words by Kaspersky. They should have just said "malware". "Update All Extensions" Nice! It was a huge PITA before to close and reopen the editor once for every extension that had to be updated. One of my last big gripes about VSC, gone. What would full Visual Studio get you that VSC does not? IMO, the main awesomesauce of VS, and its advantages over other IDEs and editors, are 1. The first-in-class debugger 2. Intellisense 3. Really good support for Windows-specific technologies like Win32 and COM VSC has 1 and 2 either now, or on its roadmap. As for 3, why do you want to develop for Windows on a Mac? I guess I don't understand what you need that VSC isn't already giving you, or planning to. I haven't used the Vim extensions specifically, but in the extension "store", you can see number of downloads and an average star rating. Is the "bad" Vim plugin not getting downvoted? It does, but it requires support from language services so it's language dependent (just because a language has syntax highlighting, it may not necessarily have 'rename symbol' support) What's really terrifying to me is all the positive feedback loops inherent to warming. Melting permafrost in tundra regions like Alaska releases methane: more warming. Less snow/ice coverage reflects less sunlight: more warming. Desertification and dying rainforests mean less CO2 absorbption: more warming. Warmer air temperatures mean the atmosphere can hold more water vapor, which traps longwave radiation: more warming. Some of these haven't even hit the hockey stick portion yet. Between that, the "time delay" between atmospheric CO2 and climate (i.e., that we're probably seeing the climate effects corresponding to the CO2 levels of many years ago), and 2016 breaking temperature records every month so far, it's hard not to conclude that we're fucked and it's way too late. Sigh. I looked up that book's author, it's a guy named Alex Epstein. Who is he? > Alex Epstein is an American author, energy theorist and industrial policy pundit. He is the founder and President of the Center for Industrial Progress, a for-profit think tank located in Laguna Hills, California, and a former fellow of the Ayn Rand Institute. Sounds like a reliable source to me! I'm been another SLS grumbler, but the "source" in the article and a couple of the commenters on that page made a decent (if exasperating) point: if you accept as a given that pork is going to happen (and if you're being clear-eyed and realistic, you pretty much have to), the SLS is at least better than bridges to nowhere or redundant military bases. It is going to fly, after all. Have you tried MiniHack? After shopping around a bunch of iOS HN clients I like that one the most. It's ad-free, feature-rich but not bloated, responsive, and somewhat customizable. Apple really needs to get its act together and realize that, as far as indie developers are concerned, the App Store is Broken with a capital B. First Gruber bailed entirely, and now Marco has been forced by necessity to abandon (or at least weaken) his anti-ad stance. And these guys are two of the biggest supporters Apple has, with built-in customer bases to boot. If they can't make it work, no one can. Dude, just pay the $1.99. It's a quality app with no ads, and it's, what, 0.3% the cost of the device you're running it on? This is awesome! Props for going the extra mile and including things that people who doing quick bash-to-PowerShell ports tend to leave out- like pipeline input and SecureString. Here is the rare "Show HN" thing that I'm going to start using right away. This feels sort of redundant... that feature list (multiple face detection with auto exposure/white balance, burst mode with an algorithm to guess which one is "best") is all stuff the built-in camera app on iOS does already. Okay, the color and white balance look a little better for Pix in the example shots, but everyone's RAW processing is better in some situations and worse in others. I'm sure Apple could come back with just as many example shots where their own settings were better than Pix's, and we could go round and round like that forever. There's nothing wrong with this app, but I'm having trouble understanding why it exists. What does this do for users or Microsoft? We need a DARE program to warn unsuspecting children about people like you ;) LessWrong is a rabbit hole you'll never find your way out of. Oh it starts off harmless. "I'll just read a couple", you say. But a year later you're mainlining SSC and pissing off all your friends talking about "virtue signaling". And then a year after that you're living in Berkeley, dating five people, and giving a third of your income to MIRI. Kids, just say no! Evernote employees, if you're curious what happens to you in this scenario, people who worked at Nokia should be able to clarify. I recommend Matthew Yglesias' "American democracy is doomed" [0] if you want to explore this thesis without the abysmal writing standards of CNN online. [0] http://www.vox.com/2015/3/2/8120063/american-democracy-doome... I think it's still interesting, because (20 years ago) Airbus and Boeing made two very different bets on what air travel would look like in the future. Boeing thought it would be mostly P2P and built the 787; Airbus thought it would be hub-and-spoke and so built the A380. It's going to take a decade or more for this to play out, but this might be the first sign that Boeing was right and Airbus was wrong. This is pretty cool, although I think MOBAs (Dota, LoL) would be an even better test of AI skills than StarCraft. They also have imperfect information, but place more importance on strategy and less on micro than StarCraft; require some game theory and bluffing in the draft, and would need multiple agents to cooperate (assuming you set it up so that you had 5 AIs play the game, with well-defined communication channels, rather than one controlling the five players, which I think is the right way to go). Seems like there's more potential for useful AGI techniques in that direction. YMMV, but I don't think it is. It's still running and probably gets decent ratings, but it's not water cooler talk like it used to be, it's not must-see TV among teenagers and twenty-somethings like it used to be, and in many years there haven't been any episodes that were the focus of national attention (like "Best Friends Forever" or "Trapped in the Closet"). I grant that "coolness" is tricky to define, but (if you're not restricting the domain of discourse to a particular group or subculture), I think it has to include either popularity or "outsider-ness". i.e., you can be cool either by being popular or by being controversial enough to get everyone talking about you, even in a negative way. I don't think South Park meets either of these criteria anymore. It's not a pop culture locus like it used to be, and even their controversial episodes are ignored. Part of this isn't their fault- it's probably the continued fractalization of culture where we have ever-fewer shared experiences- but I also think it's hard to keep anything fresh for 20 years, especially something trying to be "edgy". Note that that doesn't make it "bad", and it doesn't mean you can't still like it. But I think "coolness" can only be defined in terms of broad opinion. You should carefully read his definition of "polarization". It has an exact meaning that is objectively measurable: it's how often individual politicians vote against the majority vote of their party. It does not refer to the amount of animosity between the parties or the extremeness of their positions. Part of his thesis is that these two measurements are now moving together, and were not necessarily doing so before. Investing for non-investors: whatever the question, if you have to ask, the answer is index funds. I approve of this plan. Work something out where there's no Brexit, but there are a couple of token, hot-air actions on immigration to convince the Leave voters that Something Is Being Done. That's all they ever wanted anyway; if the options on the referendum had been "Remain", "Leave" and "I don't care, I just want fewer immigrants", Leave would have lost in a landslide. Embarrassing, obvious, multi-year bugs are common to all browsers though. In Firefox, bookmarklets on CSP pages have been broken for 3.5 years and counting, with the end nowhere in sight. A handful of bugs that have taken a while to fix is no way to judge the overall quality of the browser. "support" in VSC is kind of a multi-tiered thing: you can have basic support with just syntax highlighting, or if you can hook it up to a server providing the appropriate language intelligence, then you can have refactoring/debugging/etc. VSC had Java syntax highlighting before, and a plugin that helped shell out to javac, but that was about it. Now it's getting the full package. The backend that provides the language services for VSC is an HTTP server contacted over localhost, and the protocol is documented here: https://github.com/Microsoft/language-server-protocol . Sounds like it should be easy or at least possible to hook it up to a frontend of your choice. Nobody, but the Resource Curse seems to be one of those iron laws that happens inexorably even if people are aware of it (cf. principal-agent problems pushing prices upward), unless very determined action is taken to avoid it (like Norway), and that kind of action wasn't going to happen under Chavez. It's easy to armchair quarterback and say that. But the reasons and incentives behind web page bloat are complicated, and saying "Just make your page load faster! Just get rid of the ads and trackers!" is about as useful as abstinence-only sex ed. AMP is theoretically a way to have your cake and eat it too: all of the revenue from these ads and trackers, without the bloat. And it's at least somewhat open, compared to Apple News and Facebook Articles. It's not hard to see why publishers would gladly jump on board. The WSJ is a large site that gets lots of traffic. I assume they have a competent web team, which knows that long load times on mobile suck and knows how to do performance optimization to some degree. I am willing to bet that whatever low-hanging fruit there was to improve their PLT has already been plucked, and the remaining slowness is the complicated stuff I mentioned earlier. That's why I think statements like your original comment are unhelpfully reductionist, and my paraphrasing of them was not misleading. Considering old information, whether it's relevant or not, is something human psychology does automatically and inexorably. So when you talk about a "right to not have old information considered", you might as well speak of your right to jump off a cliff and soar through the air instead of hitting the ground. These European laws are doing their best to account for the unfair tendencies of human nature, while your counter-proposal isn't really an improvement over the situation we had before. > "... but the record would be heavily tagged with notices that it was a false accusation ..." There's been some literature lately about people trusting their doctors/lawyers/etc. more when that person reveals that they have a conflict of interest. A similar backfire effect could well occur here. > " ... it would be a severe breach of social norms to use that information turn him down for a relationship ..." Oh good. Approximately when can we expect the social norms to change? And are you accounting for the fact that it may happen never? I don't think this will be a terribly popular opinion, but I want to offer a counterpoint. Do call yourself a programmer, because we don't deserve to call ourselves engineers. You want to know some things that define actual engineers, as the term is regulated in some countries? Real engineers have certification : you know, that thing that indicates that you can actually do your job worth a damn. What do programmers say whenever the topic of industry certification is brought up? Usually, furious opposition. Real engineers have accountability : engineers in a lot of other industries can be civilly or even criminally liable if their broken shit hurts somebody. What do programmers say whenever the topic of accountability for broken software is brought up? Usually, furious opposition. Real engineers have unions . You know, that thing that keeps your labor from being exploited by-- just to give some hypothetical examples-- intentionally confusing and exploitative equity renumerance, or floods of H1-B workers. I shouldn't even have to tell you what the attitude towards most programmers is to unions, at least in America. And whenever the topic of certification, or accountability, or unions, is brought up in the context of our discipline, the response is almost invariably, "Well, it's different for us, because $REASONS". Okay, fine, it's different for us, but then we shouldn't call ourselves engineers, because it's clearly a category error. I hear you. I was more just ranting and did not expect this to be the top comment; I need to be more careful about that. There are a changes in the industry I'd like to see and this seemed like a rhetorically punchy way to get that across, but I'm not really fundamentally opposed to the term "software engineer", I just wish we had the institutional rigor and care for the craft that I see (or at least, perceive) elsewhere. Fun fact: the suspicion right now is that this traffic is coming from compromised IoT devices. Just in case you needed another reason why the Internet of Things is the worst thing to happen to computing in a long while: it has handed attackers more ammo. Is Akamai's DDoS protection tiered? That's not how it works for e.g. CloudFlare: you pay a flat fee and (they claim) they'll keep you up no matter the size or frequency of the attack. If Krebs simply wasn't signed up for a high enough tier than I guess Akamai did the right thing, but if they charge a flat fee for protection and make similar claims to CF then they deserve to be raked over the coals for this. Ok, I did not see Krebs' latest tweet that he was getting free service ( https://twitter.com/briankrebs/status/779111614226239488 ), that's a lot more justifiable. You'd think a netsec journalist would be the first to find it worth it to get on the paid plan. I understand that Microsoft has to clean up a lot of legacy baggage around this ecosystem, and it does look like the way forward is much clearer and nicer, but man, was there any way this could've been done without another ".NET "? I'm still figuring out .NET Core/4.5/Framework and all the ASP naming zaniness... and I'm a .NET developer! I do trust Microsoft that this is really, truly the last time this will have to be done, but god it's a headache. Most applications don't have anywhere near the huge Web-facing attack surface that the browser has, and have to do a lot more communication with the host OS than the browser does, so the tradeoff is less worth it. However, I think something like this will be slowly making its way to more applications as time goes on. The browser is just the most obvious first test subject. I'm not really worried about it being used as a crutch. ASLR and stack canaries didn't stop people from fixing application bugs, because people know that no mitigation technique is perfect, and they're supposed to be a last resort if the application fails. This is obviously horribly illegal and unethical, but it does sort of appeal to that same small part of my brain that longs for things like violent proletariat revolution. Imagine if some greyhat security outfit intentionally bricked tens of thousands of these devices. Buyers would be pissed, go to the manufacturer for recompense, possibly to the level of bankruptcy, and there would finally be some incentive for taking IoT security seriously. I'm not saying someone should do it... but I'm not saying someone shouldn't do it. Loaded language and feverish paranoia from Theo de Raadt? I'm shocked, shocked. > Yes, they don't have the same market share That's the answer, full stop. Like it or not, the rules are different for you when you have the majority of market share, and this has been true in both the EU and the US despite their different approaches to antitrust regulation. Which is like saying that Ford has 100% of the market share for Ford cars. Antitrust regulation cares about product categories, not brands. Yes, but the health of those markets isn't as central to the health of the economy as the health of the housing market is (maybe cars are, though to a much lesser extent). And to be clear, it's incredibly fucked up that the inability of debt-laden millennials to take on more debt in the form of 30-year mortgages is a threat to the economy, but it is, and policy proposals addressing that fact need to start being made. This argument brought to you by the same people who think that, "If copyright is inherited through XOR, then having copyrighted this one thing, I can claim copyright on everything in the universe, because any sequence of bits can be generated from mine with the appropriate XOR operations!" ([0]) Lo, your mighty logic has caused the entire edifice of intellectual property law to crumble! Except, no. Society and the law are not dumb automatons, and can in fact tell the difference between Google and "KickassTorrents". So when Vaulin gets a jail sentence and Google doesn't start getting worried, these guys may be baffled, but the world will keep right on going. [0]: http://ansuz.sooke.bc.ca/entry/23 This is a huge problem for Samsung. Individual recalls don't usually damage companies permanently; people understand that sometimes shit happens, and they quickly forget about it. But two in a row, when the replacements were supposed to be safe, is the kind of thing that etches itself much more deeply into public consciousness. Popular culture is now going to be associating "Samsung phone" with "time bomb" for a long time to come. > but I think it is unreasonable to try and link every single battery issue and explosion under the Samsung brand as something that is a precursor to another giant issue. I disagree. Given that this phone model already had battery problems, it is not at all irrational to assume the new battery problems are related to (or the same as) the old ones. That's far likelier than the new problems happening by pure coincidence, given that the base rate of phones catching fire is so small. I think what you're forgetting here is that, by far the most likely scenario is that Samsung just didn't fix the original problem correctly. I mean, I get that this is a serious problem, but before we get too hasty about doing anything about it, imagine all the shareholder value that could be lost by hasty actions, or all the economic liberty that could be destroyed by environmental regulation. They're the real victims here. My guess is it has the same root cause as this Wells Fargo debacle: clueless executives give drones impossible goals accompanied by threats; drones cut corners to meet those impossible goals and keep their jobs. I'm just a single data point, but... it absolutely did for me. Granted I wasn't (and still am not) looking for a new job, but I used to have the impression that Facebook was a really developer-friendly place, and had it on my mental list of places I might want to look at if I jumped ship - and then I saw the pictures of that new airplane hangar workspace. Nope nope nope. Never ever. Use the UserVoice, Luke! It's the main way they get feedback and feature requests and they seem to really pay attention to it. And people are still making exploding Pinto jokes, almost 40 years later, so don't hold your breath on some relief from the Samsung wisecracking. > I really don't get why some people can't seem to tell the difference between things like MBTIs and astrological signs/zodiacs/horoscopes Then let me try to help clarify. MBTI has no predictive power ("I'm an INTP, so... ?") and is not falsifiable. Those are the delineators between science and pseudoscience, so that's why I bucket it with astrology. A lot of Israeli companies use handwriting tests in their hiring decisions. Don't ask me why, it's a meme that has hung on there for some reason. Does that mean graphology has predictive power? After all, companies are using it! Of course not. All the companies are simply wrong. They're falling for management/hiring fads, or relying on old superstitions. This happens all the time. "Companies are using it" says nothing about whether it's actually reliable. Specifically, many studies and meta-studies have failed to show correlation between MBTI results and job performance. Here is one such summary: http://www.opd.net/abstracts5.html So, part of the issue is that, in Seattle, the question of "can self-driving cars replace mass transit infrastructure?" has political implications right now. The article didn't really mention it, but I think that's because it's the Seattle Times, so they would assume that readers are familiar with the background context. To explain: after the usual [0] decade of planning, Seattle's regional transit authority has a $50 billion expansion plan (including more rail and bus service) finalized, and it is coming up for a vote shortly. One of the arguments that the opposition brings up a lot is, "we don't need ST3 because self-driving cars will take care of the transit problems." A counter-argument made by supporters of the plan (including me), is that since Seattle is already snarled with traffic (average commute times have doubled since 2010, and it's only expected to get worse), the burden of proof is on these people to show that self-driving cars can replace mass transit, and so far they haven't done so. Without specifically accusing you (I don't know if you know anything about this situation), I will say that the suggestion of "we should wait and see" is very similar to the concern trolling that has been used by a lot of ST3 opponents to try and derail the project. [0]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seattle_process Does anyone know why a Windows OEM wouldn't use the Precision Touchpad? At first I thought it was because Microsoft mandated higher-quality (read: more expensive) components for PT devices, but according to this article it's purely a question of which drivers they use. Then I thought maybe Synaptics was leaning on OEMs to use their drivers instead (they're the usual choice for Windows trackpads), but the article says PT is a joint effort between Microsoft and Synaptics, so that doesn't make sense either. Why aren't all Windows trackpads PT right now? If doing a bunch at once causes even a couple PHBs to reconsider their love of open office plans, it's worth it. I recently tried disabling Resharper, after many years of use, figuring that Roslyn and the other improvements in VS made it unnecessary. And they mostly do, but there are a couple sticking points. Opening a file with Ctrl+, is very slow: often one character per second or worse. Sometimes the dialog box crashes, and occasionally Ctrl+, crashes VS entirely. Meanwhile the equivalent shortcut in Resharper (Ctrl+Shift+T) always worked flawlessly. So it still seems like there's a lot of progress to be made here. If anyone on that perf opt team is reading this, please take a look at Ctrl+, - it's ridiculous that Resharper's identical command works so much better. No no no, that wouldn't be allowed at all. You see, we're the good guys; that makes it OK. Well, of course that's not the same. Thiel just thinks giving women the right to vote was democracy's greatest mistake. That's just a small thing to be brushed aside. But SOPA was something that could actually damage the economic prospects of corporations! Obviously you must take a stand when it's something that's actually important ! If the preceding barrage of sarcasm didn't make it clear enough, I'm quite disgusted with sama and Hacker News right now. Taking the high road like this is only possible when it's not your neck on the chopping block. Thiel thinks giving women the right to vote was a mistake; Trump thinks all Mexicans and Muslims are violent madmen who should be barred from entering the United States. Hacker News can gregariously see past these faults because they're not in the crosshairs, but if Shanley Kane were a YC partner and saying "all men support rape culture, even if indirectly", there's no friggin way this comment section would be so sanguine. Might as well just copy-paste my comment from yesterday: "Taking the high road like this is only possible when it's not your neck on the chopping block. Thiel thinks giving women the right to vote was a mistake; Trump thinks all Mexicans and Muslims are violent madmen who should be barred from entering the United States. Hacker News can gregariously see past these faults because they're not in the crosshairs, but if Shanley Kane were a YC partner and saying "all men support rape culture, even if indirectly", there's no friggin way this comment section would be so sanguine." Please acknowledge that this is a huge backpedal from your original statement. Journalists are private citizens who can have preferred candidates. Why can't they donate to them, just as you or I would? Proof? Their press statement says exactly the opposite. It is now , because of this suit. The throttling itself is not the issue- as other people are pointing out, it's arguably preferable to overage charges or bandwidth caps- it's the fact that T-Mobile wasn't making this clear to customers. This is kind of an awkward question, but what was the actual harm to customers here? The throttling only affected a small percentage of users downloading much more data than the norm; and I doubt they would've gone to another provider if T-Mobile had clearly spelled out what was happening: they would've been charged hundreds of dollars do this on VZN/ATT/Sprint instead. It was deceptive advertising and it should be punished,but we're not talking about banks incorrectly foreclosing on homes here. I don't know if crushingly huge punitive fines are appropriate. Most tech journalists (the Verge, Gizmodo, that sort of thing) live in either San Francisco or New York, as do the kinds of techies who would raise a big stink over exactly this issue, so carriers have a strong incentive to keep performance there, and only there, high. > Unless they pass a new federal identification law what they are doing is unlawful. How so? The Federal government can set ID standards in areas that it has jurisdiction over, and reject IDs that don't meet these standards in its jurisdiction, which is all that's happening here. Like other federal levers over state behavior (No highway funding if your drinking age is under 21!), this is grating, but it's not illegal. This has been going on in one form or another for decades and has been consistently ruled legal, as long as its not an unfunded mandate on the states. "Corporations are people, my friend." You guys know that institutional Wall Street investors aren't total idiots, right? They know this as well as you do. On the earnings call yesterday, more than one person specifically asked about the impact on revenue numbers of the migration from one-off to recurring payments, and seemed satisfied with the answers they got. I was one of the people who was really raging at Google when they announced that Chrome wouldn't support PE (with that infamous "No argument that PE is more elegant" comment), so it's only fair that I thank them sincerely for them doing the right thing and making a 180 on this. Good job. > Unfortunately, forced firmware updating is an area our governments should not be mandating. It absolutely is an area that governments should be mandating, because the problem is an externality. These attacks are a cost imposed on neither the producer nor the consumer of the device itself, and (apart from some highly speculative libertarian conjectures) the only things that can fix externalities are taxes, regulations, and lawsuits. Lawsuits are infeasible in this case since we probably can't prove whose devices were involved in any given attack, so that leaves taxes and regulations - and the latter would be better so we don't have to go through the business of collecting taxes from manufacturers and then distributing them to the victims of attacks. > That puts unnecessary strain on small companies Clearly it isn't unnecessary, because I can't get to any friggin websites today. If small companies don't have the resources to update the devices, they shouldn't be building them in the first place. > Like with cars That's not the same thing at all. For a car to hurt somebody, the owner has to be actively using it, and doing so in a reckless or negligent manner; and furthermore, note that reckless operation of a car can hurt somebody even if the manufacturer built it perfectly. (if your car somehow did hurt somebody when nobody was using it, then the liability probably would belong to the manufacturer). IoT devices are the exact opposite: they can cause harm when the owner has done nothing wrong, and they can only cause harm if the manufacturer screwed up and did not secure it propertly. All the liability belongs to the producer. And whose judgements are enforced by the government monopoly on violence! Libertarians have this curious tendency to define institutions as "government" or "not-government" however it suits them best... > A portion of ST3 is to pay for ST2 and ST1, which both went over budget. Completely false. ST2 (which isn't even complete; I'm not sure why you're referring to it in the past tense) is $100 million under budget and 6 months ahead of schedule (source: http://www.masstransitmag.com/article/12171636/ahead-of-sche... ). > mired in corruption and inefficiency. Again, false. One of the reasons why ST2 is under budget is that Sound Transit got a lower interest rate than they expected on the bonds they issued, specifically because they're one of the best-run, most efficient mass transit agencies in the country (source: http://www.soundtransit.org/About-Sound-Transit/News-and-eve... ) > We need VC thinking here, and more proposals with a clear eye on the ROI. Ah, the hallmark of the uninformed public transit opponent. Lots of handwaving with "we need innovation and outside-the-box thinking!" with very few concrete proposals. The ST3 planning process went on for years specifically so people could propose alternative ideas- they weren't taken up because none of them were any good. > If my city dropped 5.4 billion on buses (a tenth of cost of ST3), we could have much more capacity that could be provisioned in a more dynamic way. That could be ready in a few years. Buses where? The roads (both the highways and the surface streets downtown) are already jammed. Nobody is going to take buses if it doesn't offer any decrease in transit time over just taking their car. > Instead we get rail in 25+ years Yup, construction takes time. I will only mention that we could've had this all today if your spiritual forerunners hadn't killed Seattle's transit plans in the 70's and 80's making basically the same arguments you're making now. We can either continue to make their mistakes or try to fix it. > at a massive cost now. No, the cost is spread out over the same multi-decade time span as the construction. Do you know how taxes and bonds work? Behold the usual ST3 opponent: vague proposals that reek of concern trolling, combined with empirical falsehoods. Please vote Yes; Seattle is getting choked to death in traffic and we can't repeat the mistakes of the 80's by doing nothing. > In multiple cities ridership is down even as more money has been spent on rail. In other cities maybe, but not in Seattle. Ridership on the Link Light Rail has gone way up since the UW extension opened. > Transportation options are becoming more personalized with Uber, Lyft, and autonomous cars around the corner, Uber and Lyft exist in Seattle today, and they clearly aren't enough to solve the problem, since commute times are still increasing (2x since 2010). Autonomous cars can't fix it either - the only way autonomous cars can actually decrease congestion is if ALL the cars on the road are networked and there can be a computer somewhere doing birds-eye planning on the whole fleet. That scenario is many decades away if it happens at all. Also, as another commenter pointed out, Sound Transit is specifically investigating how to incorporate autonomous vehicles into their planning as part of this proposal. So, I probably don't have a magic bullet argument that will win you over completely. Taxes suck and infrastructure is expensive; there's ultimately no way around that. Here is what I would offer you in the way of persuasion: - Don't forget that ST2 is still in progress and some of the projects (like the Seattle-Bellevue light rail) and their benefits are coming online within the next decade. Not all the ST3 projects will take the full forty years too - the proposed Redmond and Federal Way extensions could be completed within the decade as well. - ST3 does include several new BRT routes which will start up more quickly and ease congestion on the 405. - Congestion imposes hidden costs, especially once it gets to the levels of really bad cities like LA or DC, and we're moving in that direction. People have more economic opportunity when they can reach more of the surrounding area quickly, and better accommodate the population growth that's coming (new employees at, say, Amazon, won't have to all live downtown like they pretty much all do now). - The problems exist now (I mentioned above that commute times have doubled in 5 years. That's an official statistic from somewhere or other but it pretty much tallies with my personal experience, and it's only going up from here) and the alternative proposals are not convincing. This result is not nearly as obvious as you think (or hope). Even here on Hacker News you will constantly see people insisting that being an asshole is the best way to get good results out of a team, and that people like Linus Torvalds are the models we should emulate. It's helpful to have empirical evidence from a respected company indicating this is not true. I remember that list, because I said then what I'll say now - posting a list like that on a site like this is akin to handing out bags of heroin at a school :P . But I guess it's what the OP asked for. That's almost part of the problem though. My feelings about LW/the Sequences/SSC/etc. are complicated with lots of positives and negatives-- way too much to summarize in an HN comment when I'm supposed to be working ;) -- but the main negative I was referring to here is that they are incredibly potent "insight porn". That term was originally coined to describe the work of hacks like Malcolm Gladwell, and while LW et al are definitely on a level above Gladwell's crap, something can be true and still be insight porn, with all the addictiveness and consequences to your mental faculties that implies. I'm not familiar with this situation, but if what you're saying is true, I can see where the perception came from. The unfortunate reality is that the Internet is full of sites which just copy-paste an existing popular site (Stack Overflow, various fandom wikis, etc.) and slap a bunch of ads on it hoping to make some fly-by-night profit. If I had came across ATT, I absolutely would've assumed that's what it was and would not have taken the time to read their FAQ explaining otherwise. People have answered this before, and what it boils down to is: because they took VC money, and then went public. If you bootstrap a business from nothing and grow it on its own, then sustainable growth and stable profit is fine. But Twitter got VC and IPO money with a promise that it would have Facebook-like growth in return. I think the analogy I saw used was that they promised investors a Porsche and instead delivered a Toyota Corolla- it might be solid and reliable, and perfectly fit for purpose, but it's not what they promised when they took that money. I don't know that they're "liable" in the sense that people could win a shareholder suit- the bar for those is set pretty high and I doubt Twitter would qualify. My comment was more in response to the accusations that the market is somehow being "unfair" for "punishing" Twitter's lack of continued growth. They're only punishing Twitter for failing to meet the expectations Twitter itself set. Here's an article comparing TensorFlow to an earlier version, when it was still an MSR project called CNTK: https://esciencegroup.com/2016/02/08/tensorflow-meets-micros... . The author concluded that they both seemed very useful; he dinged CNTK for its lack of Python bindings at the time but that seems fixed now. Seriously. I gave up editing Wikipedia a long time ago after one too many of my good-faith edits were reverted by some random busybody citing WP:OMGWTFBBQ. It was done in an ostensibly polite way but the passive-aggressive "fuck you, go away" was very clear. I eventually just gave up because it wasn't very important to me, but I don't think that model can successfully transfer to society writ large. There was a James Bond villain (make of that what you will) who defined that difference as being measured only by success; i.e., if Apple still sells a bunch of these, then it was a good idea. At least one artist (the guy from Penny Arcade) says the Surface Studio compares favorably to his Cintiq: http://www.penny-arcade.com/news/post/2016/10/26/the-surface... I imagine the protracted development time is at fault. The guy from Penny Arcade wrote a blog post where he said that he tried a prototype a year ago, so presumably this has been in development for at least a year and a half. Probably the 9xx was the best they had at the time and when the 10xx was released they were too far along in development to swap it out. The next one should have it though. ... at a considerable cost to taxpayers in what was essentially a large upward wealth transfer. It might be worth it in the end, but call a spade a spade. Whoa, didn't see this coming. During the event yesterday I was tweeting back and forth with some people about what Microsoft's future prospects look like, and someone said they're doomed because they'll never get developers back, specifically citing DHH's "real programmers don't use Windows" rant. At the time I thought it was time to re-examine that rant and maybe see if DHH was wrong, but it looks like the guy himself beat us to the punch. > Apple isn't the one that tried to foist a tablet paradigm on desktop/laptop users Which they walked back heavily after the overwhelmingly negative reception. A company that makes mistakes isn't a bad thing as long as they listen to their customers and are willing to admit when something isn't working. Would you rather no one ever try anything new? > In my view, the rMBP is the best "traditional PC" anybody makes. No touchscreen... Only for the next hour or so. > It's not the one whose flagship "PC" is a touchscreen convertible gimmick. If you don't want that one, the OEMs will happily sell you laptops that don't have those things. Dell and HP have actually gotten their act together and are making pretty good ones.. That's what makes it an "ecosystem", something Apple can't really claim. What if you want a 17" MacBook, or one with a gaming GPU? You're SOL. > So because FOSS has bugs it's OK for a multi-billion dollar corporation to have wanton disregard for quality? That's not what he said. You said you hated Windows because of its vulnerabilities, and he was asking you if you apply that same standard to FOSS, and if not, why not. > Mac Pro: Buy. If you like paying 2013 prices for 2013 hardware. It's even worse than that, if you're in the UK: the price of the 2013 Mac Pro has gone up by £500. Yes yes, Brexit and currency adjustment, and if it were new hardware I'd clench my teeth and bear it. But a £500 increase for hardware that's almost three years old is highway robbery. Without taking a side, can I just say that this entire thread is bringing a little tear of nostalgia to my eye? I love that even in 2016-- with all the new companies and platforms and wars, and desktops arguably being the least important battleground-- we can still have an old-fashioned bitter Mac-vs-PC argument thread once in a while, with all the swearing and name-calling, just like when I was on Slashdot in 2003. I love it. > We as a society have decided that our brightest minds should be working in finance "society" hasn't decided anything. Under capitalism, money flows towards where it is allocated most efficiently and gets the highest rate of return, which is apparently to employ researchers in the finance sector. If you have an issue with that, take it up with capitalism. > we need to increase the supply of these research jobs, and make them more attractive then working in finance. Barring the revolution I vaguely implied above, these two things would require lots of money and lots of money, respectively. Have fun asking for it in 2016's political environment. He's currently throwing a temper tantrum on Twitter, and all because the NHTSA wanted to ask him a few questions about the product (you can see it here: https://www.scribd.com/document/329218929/2016-10-27-Special... ). Like, how dare the government try to have basic standards for multi-ton hunks of metal hurtling down the highway without human input. I've been trying to convince people lately that Silicon Valley isn't all delusional technolibertarian assholes, but guys like this sure aren't making my case easy. Sure, but every individual is part of a pattern, and our outgroup is becoming more convinced that there's one pattern in particular at play here. Take a look at the front page of Hacker News right now : in addition to this story, there's "Soylent halts sales of its powder as customers keep getting sick" and "Uber drivers win employee rights case" (presumably over Uber's fierce opposition). With 30 items on the front page, that means we've got 10% of the news in our field which could plausibly be parsed by outsiders as "technolibertarian assholes". I've been watching public opinion of the Bay Area startup scene gradually eroding in the last half-decade or so, and this is a big part of the reason; it's a real problem that we need to start thinking about. I was hoping you'd show up in this thread ;) It's definitely not just outsiders as you (and I) can attest; I went with that line of argument to try and convey some sense of urgency about the problem. It's easy to dismiss internal dissent about SV libertarian groupthink as not important, but "outsiders" have the potential to bring the party to an end if they collectively get really grumpy about what we're doing. I thought that might be more motivation. It's probably good news in the long run, but there might be some severe pain in the short- and medium-terms if you believe Ben Thompson's argument that "sports is the linchpin holding the entire post-WWII American economy together". You can read his reasoning at https://stratechery.com/2016/the-sports-linchpin/ and https://stratechery.com/2016/tv-advertisings-surprising-stre... , but it basically goes like this: (statements in parentheses are the companies that are going to be hurting bad if sports takes a dive) - Sports are the only reason left to tune in to live TV - Live TV is the only reason to have cable (telcos, cable networks) - Live TV is the only reason to buy TV ads on broadcast networks (broadcast networks) - TV ads are the thing propping up a lot of "old-guard" companies (retailers, CPG companies, car companies) Essentially the old order is a mutually self-supporting structure propping itself up (Retailers and CPG companies need TV to reach a mass audience, TV needs these companies to buy ads), and sports is the thing holding it together. Again, if this falls apart it might be for the best in the end, but it's going to be a bumpy time if telcos, retailers, large consumer goods companies, and broadcast networks all get hammered at the same time. Collectively they account for quite a bit of employment and GDP. The second link explains it pretty well. Sigh. I have a dream when one day people learn to use that quote correctly. Correlation does not imply causation, but a lack of correlation does suggest (not prove, but suggest) a lack of causation. In this case, the relevant claim is the claim by minimum wage opponents that the unemployment rate and the minimum wage are positively correlated. Seattle's situation does NOT imply that a $15/hr minimum wage decreases unemployment (if someone were to make that claim, then your quip would apply), but it DOES suggest that a $15/hr minimum wage does not increase unemployment; this distinction is subtle but vital. In general, I can take libertarians seriously... but not Peter Thiel. The depth of his convictions can be measured in microns. He's the perfect example of the "libertarian" who espouses that philosophy not out of any genuine commitment to its ideals, but just because he wants lower taxes and more leeway for whatever despicable business practices he has in mind. For instance, he founded a company whose, no joke, entire raison d'être is providing surveillance-as-a-service to increase the power of the State. This is something I wouldn't even do, and I'm what might be derisively called a "big-government liberal". Scott Adams thinks he is a wizard whose voice has hypnotic mind-control powers, and that the Clinton Foundation personally bankrolls an army of trolls to harass him on Twitter. In other words, he's delusional. He is not in any sense of the term a "thoughtful person" That's probably true! But the "he" in my sentence refers to Scott Adams, not Trump. Scott thinks of himself as a brilliant persuader, a theory that is ill-supported by the evidence. If it were feasible to build such a device and break RSA with it, I assume the NSA would be doing it. Snowden's leaks implied that, while the NSA has a huge toolchest of various taps and side-channel attacks for attacking cryptosystems, they still lack the ability to break RSA directly (given a proper key length). No, "hypocritical" would be disclosing critical vulnerabilities in a competitor's product after a week of notification, when you yourself stop shipping security updates for your mobile operating system after two years; instead suggesting "buy a new phone!" as the solution. But no one would be that sleazy. I wish more people would talk about the economics of why netsec is such a garbage industry. It's a few honest people screaming to be heard above the din of snake-oil salesmen, but there's an economic reason that goes beyond "dumb users, incompetent programmers and CTOs who just look and speeds and feeds". The problem is there's weak correlation, or at least very difficult-to-see correlation, between the amount of effort you put in on security and the results you get. You could have no security and just get lucky and never get hacked. Or you could have great security and just get really unlucky and have a determined hacker. Or you could be spending uselessly and still getting lucky, although you (and your vendor!) attribute your good fortune to the product. This kind of information failure makes it really hard to have a functional and efficient market, even when everyone involved is honest. I don't have a good solution for this, which I why I hope someone smarter than me brings it up. Because improperly jailed people who are later freed are at least paid some compensation, and at least they can try to live a normal life afterward. It's not great, nor nearly enough, but it's something. None of this is possible with people who are improperly executed. Don't succumb to the Nirvana fallacy here - for sure, the American justice system has many more serious flaws than just the death penalty, and those won't be fixed right away. But this is a step in the right direction and worth taking even if many other problems still remain. It's a pretty well-known fact that execution typically costs around 10 times more than life imprisonment. Here's a page with links to multiple peer-reviewed sources, covering multiple states: http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/costs-death-penalty . The issue is that the appeals process is extremely expensive and time-consuming. You could conceivably simplify and streamline it (to the extent permitted by the Supreme Court, which has been mandating ever-stricter requirements for capital punishment cases), but that would make it even more unacceptably error-prone than it already is. > So why is the discussion to eliminate the death penalty instead of ensuring more oversight or limitations? The Supreme Court has gradually been mandating more and more oversight and limitations on death penalty cases since 1976. It doesn't seem to have made a major dent in the false conviction rate or the arbitrariness of when capital punishment is used, especially with regards to race. And while I don't think cost should even be relevant to the discussion, it's worth noting that these limitations and oversight requirements- which still aren't good enough- are the main reason why it costs 10 times more to execute someone than to put them in prison for life. Combined with the death penalty's demonstrated lack of deterrent effect - simpler and better to just get rid of it. > That said, it would be nice if someone presented some evidence to back up claims that yelp is doing something "corrupt". This is an extremely difficult standard to meet. A lot of the accusations against Yelp involve phone calls with their sales reps, which is not public data that can be aggregated and parsed. All we really have to go on are anecdotes. Speaking personally, I've heard from two people I know who have small businesses- a wedding photographer in Seattle and a small restaurant in Concord, New Hampshire- who separately told me how they had good Yelp reviews, and then watched them get pushed down and bad reviews pushed to the top shortly after they declined to buy Yelp ads. These two people didn't even know each their and would have no way or reason to coordinate their tales, and they told me identical stories. I never use Yelp anymore, for this reason. Anecdotes might not be scientific data, but if the circumstances are such that scientific data is impossible to obtain, they're better than nothing. Historically, letters like this don't bode well for the company writing them. People are drawing comparisons to Apple's "Welcome, IBM. Seriously" ad from 1981. Rdio sent one to Apple when Apple Music was launched too. Wait, you've had local competitors come in and fill the gap when Uber and Lyft left? But I thought Austin's new law was job-killing regulation that would make it impossible to have modern ride-hailing services there. Surely Uber and Lyft didn't lie to us? This isn't a given. Some of Microsoft's newer programs, like Visual Studio Code, run just as well on Macs (and Linux!) as on Windows. Especially when they said it was "web-based", which I assume means the desktop app is (like VSC) using Electron and cross-platform compatibility shouldn't be hard. Yes! I'm so glad somebody else remembers Wave, it seems to have disappeared into the dustbin of history. I loved Wave before it was killed, and while I know a lot of people still hold grudges over Reader, Wave is the axed Google product I miss most. The fact that you could have multiple threaded conversations in the same chat room was one of the best features for me, and Teams seems like the first descendant to have that. That alone is a plus over Slack. > It is not about the technology platform. You still have to dedicate resources to ensure feature parity across both OS systems It is about the technology platform, because the amount of resources necessary to ensure feature parity is a function of the platfrom. Word for Windows and Word for Mac are probably two separate giant monsters of early-90's C++ and keeping them in sync is agony. Assuming Teams is written in Electron, the amount of work is nowhere near the same; not having feature parity across operating systems is probably harder than having it. > The problem with Wave was that it was too open ended for most people to figure out. Those who did figure out, loved it, and were burnt when Google shut it down. Yeah, this tallies with my experience. I was in two separate Wave teams (Waves?), one for a six-person software team and one for a large-ish social group of non-technical people. The software team took to it immediately and loved it; the social group was mostly baffled and used it sparingly. If Google had only iterated on it they'd be a in a great spot right now, but I guess eventually every big technology company has their "Microsoft moment" when they kill a product only to see that category take off years later. Ah, interesting. I always just took it for granted that the old Office codebases were huge beasts, but maybe not. Thanks for the info! Still, no matter how nice that codebase is, I assume they can't beat Electron for ease of X-platform compatibility. It's the stream; Facebook has a stream and Google does not. After various experiments, I think people have figured out that the #1 way to make money on mobile is to have a stream of information that people willingly spend lots of time in. You just inject ads into that stream and bingo: profit. It's much harder for Google to win big here because while they have a very useful tool, people don't linger in it. They usually use it to get in, get what they need, and get out. > Don't put all your eggs in the same basket. This is a strange complaint. A couple years ago, Facebook was making 90% of its money on the desktop, and people were saying the same thing. Now they have ( very successfully) diversified, and the complaint is still there? That's just the plan; you still have to execute capably on that plan, which is where Twitter falls down. Honestly Twitter could be healthy company- not as profitable as Facebook, but healthy- if they didn't have such incompetent management Gary Bernhardt's "A Whole New World" had a cool vision for what the future of editors might look like: https://www.destroyallsoftware.com/talks/a-whole-new-world This pattern is sadly typical of our political discourse. "I know that {socialized health care, gun bans, public transit, labor rights, paid pregnancy leave} work great in every other first-world country, but it Can't Work Here, because Reasons". Don't forget confirmation bias. Once you've acquired some racist beliefs, from then on you will be more likely to remember (or seek out) evidence that confirms those beliefs, and evidence disconfirming them will quickly be forgotten. From a racist point of view, these beliefs are correct and supported by empirical evidence, hence the increasing tendency of some people to describe themselves as "race realists" Not for me: HN is awful on a mobile browser, so I use an app (MiniHack). It's so much better than the mobile site that it has become my go-to counterargument whenever someone insists that the mobile web is going to displace apps any day now. It's not the only example though, just the one with the widest disparity. Reddit and Tumblr are also both considerably worse experiences on their mobile sites than their apps, assuming you know enough to get the good apps. I just keep hearing posts about how the mobile web is so clearly superior to apps and it never tallies with the reality on the ground for me. Exactly. Opt-out systems are fine for things like organ donation, because a reasonable person could go either way. Building an opt-out system that no one in their right mind would ever opt into just reeks of anti-consumer behavior trying to hide behind a polite face. The whole "better angels of our nature" optimism thing kind of seems like sticking your head in the sand to me. Of course we should have a sense of perspective about how bad things are currently (which seems to be what Pinker is saying), but we should also carefully note whether we currently appear to be on an upward or downward trajectory (IMO, downward), and more importantly, whether there are any forces or incentives on the horizon that might reverse the trend (IMO, no). Better futures have to be consciously fought for. We can't really rely anymore on the "End of History" theory that the arrow of time inevitably points toward peaceful liberal democracy. Even Fukuyama was iffy about that as he admitted in a WSJ interview in 2014, and things have only gotten dicier since. My current pessimism about the future is not a function of how bad things currently are-- it has definitely been much worse-- but that all the incentives are aligned toward making it worse and I don't see many people or forces aligned toward making it better. Pinker ignores that to his detriment. There is a theory that organ donors get worse medical attention and have higher mortality rates in hospitals. From what I've seen it doesn't hold up well against the evidence, but it's still within the bounds of what I'd call "reasonable disagreement". > It's based on information. As such, your opinion is objectively wrong. Hang on, I'm not making the claim you think I'm making. Pinker observes that the level of violence in society is at an all-time low- that is, as you say, an objective fact beyond dispute (modulo measurement error). But there is a clear implied claim there that this fact means pessimism for the future is unwarranted. That is what I am disputing, because I think trends and incentives are more important than current numbers (think about how a company's share price can fall even if they have a great quarter, if investors don't think its future prospects are great) I also dispute your claim that _every_ metric shows things are getting better. Some are, especially in areas like health and lifespan, but others (income inequality, social cohesion, faith in democracy, etc.) are not. There are legitimate grounds for disagreement as to which metrics are more important to the question of "should we be optimistic or pessimistic about the future", and maybe your opinion differs from mine, but that does not make me objectively wrong. I'm reading your comment and having trouble figuring out exactly where we disagree. > Any state that wants to stick around had better be good at defending itself and its interests. I agree? I'm not sure where in my comment you got the opposite impression, nor why it seems relevant to my argument. > Was that ever a theory, or was it really just something that people wanted to believe because it sounds hopeful and nice? "The End of History and the Last Man" was hugely influential in political science circles in the 90's and early 2000's, on both the left and the right. People definitely bought its premise of the inevitability of liberal democracy as eventually taking over the world through market forces and social movements alone. I would argue it even had a cultural impact outside academia and policy wonks. Even now, when people say they're not worried about current problems because "it'll work itself out somehow", they are implicitly citing Fukuyama even if they don't realize it. > The backslide can't be too excessive without destabilization, however. (We're seeing that!) Which is why I'm talking about forces and incentives. I wouldn't be so worried if I could see anything on the horizon that might push things back upward. But the trends that alarm me (breakdown in social trust, loss of trust in democracy) are mostly positive feedback loops that only get stronger with time. Heh, I guess I just inferred that from the tone of your comment, but maybe you were irked by the same implications I was and was responding testily to them, not me. Or maybe I just misread you entirely. Mea culpa :) Are people liking the latest season of Black Mirror? I'm only three episodes in and haven't yet gotten to San Junipero, which everyone says is the really good one, but so far I've been a little disappointed. This might be regression to the mean, since I felt that the first six episodes were six home runs in a row and it must be tough to keep a streak like that going, but so far season 3 seems to have lost something. I loved the first two seasons because they felt like intelligent, worrying criticisms of futurism, social media and technology, whereas usually when television tries to do that it's eye-rolling and cringe-worthy. But so far season 3 feels like the Sorkin-esque Boomer slop that I loved the first two seasons for not being. What do other people think? I have to disagree. Fifteen Million Merits is still my favorite episode, and what's more, I don't think it's about the intrusive ranking at all (meta-point: one of the best things about Black Mirror, IMO, is that people will often disagree on not only the quality of an episode, but what the episode was even about. That's how you know it's good). I think the moral of that story was the inherent futility of ever rebelling against the System. Most people don't try, most who try fail, and even for the one-in-a-million who succeed, the System just instantly reconfigures itself to absorb your rebellion as part of it. Other works have done the "revolutionaries always become the new dictators" shtick, but Fifteen Million Merits did it better because it shows that this process doesn't even require a villain (like in, say, Animal Farm). Everyone in that episode, even the Simon Cowell stand-in, was just punching a clock and doing their job; the suppression of revolt was purely an emergent property of the system... as it usually is in real life. It was the bleakest, most nihilist bit of television I think I've ever seen, made better by the fact that it wasn't empty "dark for dark's sake" like Twilight Zone-esque twist endings tend to be. I had to go for a walk afterward. I don't see how you can't like it... but like I said, the fact that people can disagree so profoundly is one of the show's best qualities, so I'll upvote you anyway and not hold it against you :) I second this; check it out even if you're not the type to usually read scientific papers. This is a fun one that's not hard to understand. Refresh your page. Upshot has Trump with a 59% chance to win. Ask HN: who's hiring overseas? Some evidence in favor of this argument is that automation is taking jobs even when it's impossible for those jobs to be outsourced: e.g. in coal mines. Am I correct in understanding that the device works by presenting itself as an Ethernet adapter and then poisoning the browser cache? Would the solution be as simple as an OS update that didn't use unknown network interfaces until the computer was unlocked? It's not "oddly coincidental", it's Microsoft's developer conference today, which is where the announcement was made. During WWDC and I/O the front page is filled with Apple and Google news too. I'm not sure where you would've heard the opposite. "Java the ecosystem" has clear advantages over "C# the ecosystem", but I've never heard anyone claim that Java is a better language. Things C# has that Java got years later or not at all include lambdas, LINQ, value types, reified generics, and async/await. It's especially baffling because they clearly have a great web formatting library for code (Monaco): http://www.typescriptlang.org/play/ . Why not use it? How well do you know the sender? Because this looks like an attack, or at least a probe: something to try and crash the parser and see what response they get back, to see if you are vulnerable to some kind of heap corruption attack. How much better is Azure at cloud GPU compute? I remember they were first to roll out K80 instances, but Amazon followed suit shortly after, so it seems like it would be a wash. Is the interconnect story on Azure way better or something, or is this just fluff? > There are lots of people in the intelligence community that are appalled by domestic surveillance efforts as well. [citation needed]. I've never heard anyone from the intel community say anything other than that they need more domestic surveillance powers and that we should shut up and stop complaining about the ones in place already. You're not wrong, but did you read the article? Most of his complaints were around the social and human factors that make remote conferencing terrible. An open RFC standard isn't going to fix that. Oh lord, JavaScript goes to space. You thought losing the MCO because of Imperial units was embarrassing? Just wait until this $9 billion telescope explodes because [] == ![] or something. (This was supposed to be humorous, just making sure) It's a cool idea, but wouldn't the CPU be awfully far from the cache and RAM if you did that? You could put some RAM in the docking station with the x86 chip, but at that point you're two-thirds of the way toward just having another computer in there, which kind of defeats the purpose. The thing about Zed is that his shtick was originally a joke: a parody of overconfident asshole programmers. But... well, like Orwell said, "He wears a mask, and his face grows to fit it." I'm on mobile and can't find the link at the moment, but somebody at Microsoft (Raymond Chen maybe?) did a blog post about Pinball and why it's not in Windows anymore and not likely to make a comeback. IIRC it was written by an outside company, and the code is extremely hairy and was deemed too much effort to port to 64-bit for the return they'd get. > Who is to judge what is or isn't in the public interest? Er, judges? For all the histrionics, they've traditionally done pretty well with 1A cases. The other Matt Levine article about the Dell buyout is also a really good explanation of "how stocks really work": https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2016-05-13/t-rowe-pr... . It really shows the parallels between finance and software, where we've taken simple primitives and built so many layers of abstraction on top that no one really knows what's going on top to bottom anymore. It makes our lives easier when it's all working but it can also have crazy failure modes. Clicked on that list hoping to see good news in Seattle... turns out we're up more than any other city in the top 10. Sigh. There actually is a decent amount of housing construction in progress but it seems like it's not nearly enough. How many democracies aren't, these days? It's gonna be a grim decade, you can be sure of it. Same! People have been telling me for a while to read Ted Chiang and I kept putting it off, but Arrival was good enough that I figured it was time to bump him to the head of the queue. My brother says the short story is better than the movie: same basic idea but without the intrusive Hollywood tropes, so I'm looking forward to it. Ah, this is the same Ken Rogoff of the Reinhart-Rogoff fraud. The guy just doesn't know how to stop being wrong, does he? The tl;dr is, it's to pay a lot of people for gruntwork. This has been talked about here before. Basically, Zenefits is in an industry that requires huge amounts of manual work. Dealing with payrolls and insurance requires navigating multiple Byzantine bureaucracies both public and private, and it's often work that can't be duplicated or automated. That's what you're paying ADP for, for instance. Zenefits claims that they use innovation and clever technology to solve these problems, but-- to put it charitably-- that's an exaggeration of the truth. Behind the scenes there's an army of people on the phone and sending email all day to keep it all running, fueled by VC money. It's not unlike all these food delivery startups, where the VC dollars ultimately go to a bunch of poorly-paid manual laborers, while the business owners sell the product below cost and try to figure out a working business model before the clock runs out. To me it doesn't look like they'll make it. I don't understand this comment at all. What use do bitcoins have if they cannot process any transactions? They have no inherent value. Right, that's exactly my point. Bitcoin's only value is in the transactions it can make. If there are no transactions, there's no way for it to be a store of value, contra the GP. Fiat currencies aren't technically any different, but you can use them to pay taxes and their value is insisted on by armies, which does count for something. You are exhibiting the Just World fallacy. It makes you uncomfortable to believe that sometimes the universe is random and chaotic, and that sometimes there are dogs and children whose bad behavior really isn't the fault of their handlers, so you shield yourself with a dogmatic (no pun intended) belief that it's always someone's fault, even when the empirical evidence (like a crummy Chihuahua owned by a professional dog trainer) suggests the opposite. Which is not to say that it's never the fault of the parents/owners. It probably is, the majority of the time. But to suggest that as a universal law, as you have done, is silly.