How about just googling it? "ua 941" what about gopher:// !!!! No discussion of C++ should go without mentioning the C++ FQA (Frequently Questioned Answers). It carefully explains every single thing wrong with the language, and there's a LOT to explain. http://yosefk.com/c++fqa/ Skip to http://yosefk.com/c++fqa/defective.html for a great overview. And if anyone ever mentions "templates" again I'm gonna smack them hard. Considering Nolan has managed to tank a number of startups over his lifetime post-Atari, I'm guessing he has experience from the other end. Anyone still holding uWink stock out there? I'll second that. Qt is a beautiful toolkit. It's just enough C++ to be useful, and avoids all the templates and obnoxious flotsam that makes that language such a horror. Signals and slots work great, and other tools (qmake for example) are a pleasure to use. I just take it as an indication that people in the IT/computer fields just don't have any exposure to this kind of work, and they are curious about it. How many kids graduating with a CS or IT degree today have ever wired up a circuit? Or played with a microprocessor and hooked something up to it? I bet that number is smaller than you think. GPS won't help you enter a URL from a magazine ad. QR is a nice idea, fills a niche, and since you don't need a standalone barcode reader like the CueCat anymore this might have a chance here in the USA. Threading. Which is what Wave is trying to offer. Yeah, some of us are late on this story. Considering a second HN post just above this one (The girl who cried webmaster) refers to the same story, and the original post on that blog was deleted, I have no backstory. Can someone fill us in? I'm in agreement with the article, but I think it's more of a way to leverage a bit more publicity for the Pre. It can go both ways: 1) Apple does nothing and Pre makes it a selling point, or 2) Apple sues them and Palm makes themselves the victim, crying for equal rights for all media devices under iTunes. Palm gets publicity as the underdog, and Apple is the big bad Death Star. At best, Palm capitalizes on the anti-Apple sentiment out there. At worst...the Pre loses syncing? Right, and just like in #2 all the existing Pre users cry all over the internet claiming Apple took away their right to enjoy their music using iTunes. I'm also wondering if enough complaining could grab the attention of the government. Okay, so you won't buy one. But I would, just to websurf sitting on the couch. I want a form factor like a magazine or book, not a 5 pound laptop. That's pretty much correct. WindRiver was gaining a lot of ground recently in the embedded linux area, especially doing baseports of the kernel to new processors. Considering a lot of those new processors are ARM-based and Intel would like some embedded developer love for Atom, it looks like a purely strategic decision. Considering they were part of the Android open handset alliance (I believe they helped with the first kernel on the G1), it'll be interesting to see what happens with future development in that area. Most of the new Android handsets are ARM cores (Google wrote an ARM-optimized libc especially for the system). VxWorks had a reputation of being extremely expensive. Long time back we asked for a quote to use Vx in a casino gaming system. They asked what our annual revenue was before giving us a quote. We decided at that moment to write our own RTOS. I wonder if things like that eventually came back to haunt them as the OS world went open source. I don't recall any paperwork at all circa 1992-1994. You filled out an e-mail form and sent it back to NSF. It was pretty much all automated. Go check out the fine print where AT&T wants $400 from you to break the contract on your existing 3G and buy the 3GS. Yeah, Apple skipped through that part of the presentation REEEAAALLLY fast. Guess they don't want to be the ones to give the bad news. Hmm, didn't fix my iPhone client. Try again! Yeah, I'm not convinced that Google departing this market would lead to it's demise. The void would just fill up with other advertisers chomping at the bit for that cash. That's probably why Google it still doing it. Man, I hope you never wind up in a hospital with your nurse reading that comment. This line really bugged me: "Google may also face some touchy decisions. For example, its YouTube subsidiary uses Flash for its video, but the inclusion of HTML 5 capabilities in browsers might cause YouTube to rethink that decision, notes Fette. "It's a cost/benefit analysis that they'd need to make." I know Yahoo! doesn't like to drink the Google koolaid, but they should have at least paid attention to the fact that Google has been converting the video on YouTube from FLV to H.264 for some time now. They launched it alongside iPhone (no flash player there, remember?) If HTML5 got enough momentum, you'd see the FLV content on YouTube disappear overnight. Very true, and something I realized I didn't mention. But I think that shows Adobe is hedging it's bet on FLV and the ON2 codec. I asked a coworker who went to WWDC about this incident, and it went down nothing like Marco said. Yes, Apple engineers skipped the Q&A, but were all available at the foot of the stage after the presentation to take individual (and off-the-record) questions. After working with Flash Lite for way too long, I gotta agree. I'm still convinced it's all about . All this clamoring for Flash on iPhone, Flash on Android, Flash on GE Ovens etc is all about people getting their video (cough cough PORN) on their handsets. Give them H.264 and a -tag enabled browser, throw in a little JQuery for animating menus and eye candy, and we'll leave Flash in the dust for good. Javascript is the new bytecode. Why not just buy a new one from Unicomp with modern USB ports and etc etc? You've never read theregister.com before, have you? This is an average article from them. Welcome to the real world, Android. skip intro....skip intro....skip intro....skip intro..... So does that mean you can't program these HP emulators? I see the [R/S] key right there in the screenshots. I was all excited about Joost when the first stories about it were circulating on the net. I signed up for the beta. And waited. And waited. Then I could finally download the client (that's another strike in itself), then discovered it wouldn't run on my older hardware. That's when I gave up. Hulu had a much shorter private period, much laxer signup rules, and didn't need a dedicated client player. I'm intrigued by this story as well, but if the Canonical Yamhead is going to jump into the pool then all credibility is lost for sure. Sigh. Cache please? Unless that's the point, since his server has since melted into a pool of lava. Sigh. Didn't we just go through this with the lawsuit involving Apple and the Apple blogs? http://www.nytimes.com/2005/03/12/technology/12blog.html?_r=... "[The ruling]... focused on the notion that the published information included trade secrets and was essentially stolen property." Oh, I see. I guess my interpretation of "stolen property" is different from yours. Sorry. Nobody else seems to be bothered by it. I don't believe porn site owners really aspire to have cutting-edge designs on their sites. If the code is part of the reason for Goldman's huge profits, then let's hear about it. There are a few sites accusing GS of packet-sniffing the NYSE electronic exchange and slipping in their trades microseconds before the real trades take place. Those are rumors. One known fact is that Goldman was pulling down USD $100,000,000 per DAY in profits from their automated trading systems. That's a hundred million dollars. A day. Okay, I'll concede that. What I won't ever believe is that Goldman made 100 million dollars in profit trading securities and commodities only for customers in this current economic climate. You can get full data with T-Mobile prepaid? I'm using a SIM pulled from a $19.99 prepaid phone stuck in an iPhone 2G and all I get is EDGE service, funneled through their WAP portal. You really need the monthly service to get full internet connectivity (friend's G1 SIM in my phone works great). It's also not a bug. The article never titled it a bug. It's also easy to lose sight of the fact that the first moon landing was not the first mission shot into space. It was the end result of 12 Gemini missions and 10 previous Apollo missions. That's a lot of spacecraft to build and shoot into space beforehand. The software, of course, was amazing. But I was more blown away reading this article and seeing it was a bunch of engineers in their late 20s and early 30s running the show. Geez. Yeah, it would have made more sense. All I see here is an infinite loop. Keep clicking and let us know if you see it unwind. Wasn't there a proposal floating around to make all orders valid for one second, effectively killing these types of trades? I'm all for that. No individual investor can cancel a trade that quickly, how come it's okay for GS and all the other traders to do it? I don't consider it an inefficiency as much as a parasitic loss. All those man-in-the-middle fragments are being scooped up and funneled to one entity. It's not really his job to care what the private sector does with GPS. In fact, if some kind of combat ever broke out inside the borders of the USA, civilian GPS would be shut off in a heartbeat. The European system is called Galileo: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Galileo_(satellite_navigation) Supposedly ready by 2013. Digital projection systems are paid for by the theater owners, not the distributor. Then it becomes a chicken-and-egg problem. Theaters won't install the expensive systems if there's no content to show on them, and the actual demand from filmgoers is still an unknown (i.e. does the improved quality and increase in available screens bring in more box office revenue?) Filmmakers won't go through the trouble of digitizing and sending out the films digitally if there are no theaters to show it. I do too. I almost feel bad saying I agree with the Yamhead, but the more I read about HST and the wave of financial types claiming this is all perfectly legal just makes me angrier and angrier. Without donning the tinfoil hat for too long, you gotta wonder if that source code Aleynikov tried to take away from Goldman was a smoking gun. I've never seen the FBI move so fast. When the hat comes off it's probably just one mechanic trying to take the toolbox to another garage. Funny thing. I can swap "Wall Street" for "Las Vegas" in what you just said, and it reads exactly the same. It boils down to this, in my opinion: 1) The market is simply random. Every stock you buy is a bet placed on a roulette table. 2) Mutual funds, derivatives, etc are just ways of hiding the randomness. (Hey, why play at one roulette table when you can play at 1,000 at the same time! Less risk!) 3) Even if you do decide to take the plunge and buy in, the system is rigged against you. Much smarter people have figured out how to get theirs and get out before you know what's happened. The house always wins. I personally have no problem with people investing their retirement in the market...if the market was directly tied to the economy and the growth of companies. But I don't see that market as being ABOUT that anymore. It's become a world of side bets and arbitrage plays. When an outsider analyst has more influence over the price of a stock than the company itself, then the market is a game, not an investment. For example: a company can show growth, real POSITIVE growth...but ohmygodholyjebus if it's not EXACTLY what the analysts predicted then the stock is toast for the quarter. What the hell is that all about? Why do we play quarter to quarter instead of decade to decade? Because Wall Street is now about churn. And churn makes commissions. The NDK is new, and not that powerful. It's nice if you have some big chunk of legacy C++ you want running underneath an Android app, but you have no access to most of the internals that are also written in C++ (radio, media, hardware, graphics, etc). You're still going to have to code in Java and talk to the native code through the JNI. You can also download the open source tree and work with the entire native layer, but that's undocumented territory. jm4 makes a good point. Get any personal items out of your office ASAP. Do it slowly and quietly, do it after hours if possible. Just prepare for the possibility that one morning the doors may be locked when you show up. Right. A normal wing will never bend 150% beyond it's limits in even the worst flight conditions. But it's a testament to how strict the FAA is about engineering new planes. Watch the similar test done on the 777: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pe9PVaFGl3o Maybe it's time to take the whole Ritalin and stop breaking them in half. Microsoft missed revenue estimates by a billion dollars in the fourth quarter. I guess that's a rounding error for them too. So, really, this is a metamarketing event. Pepsi and CBS can't possibly expect to see any benefit from sending such an expensive ad to a miniscule amount of subscribers. This seems more about the message ABOUT the message. The large amount of web coverage over the little video player is really the expected payoff to the advertisers. The Apple II was kind of special, though. BASIC was available to you within a few seconds of turning the machine on, and it was built-in. The availability of the language kind of prompted you to try things out and explore the system. I see the learning curve as being a lot higher for kids these days. Computers are more accessible and prevalent, but the amount of effort to get something running, even "Hello World", is much higher. Someone (was it Bill Atkinson?) once said he wished HyperCard was built into the ROM of every Mac. I wonder what the world would be like now with a whole generation of kids playing with hypertext and simple OO concepts. "At a bail hearing three days later, a federal prosecutor asked that Mr. Aleynikov be held without bond because the code could be used to “unfairly manipulate” stock prices." Yet somehow we trust that Goldman isn't doing the very same thing with this code? C'mon... These ideas work, but only if you can get everyone else to play along, knowingly or unknowingly. In Chicago at rush hour, if you leave more than a car's worth of space ahead or behind you, it will be filled instantly. It's from 25 years of experience. Noodle from Atlanta has a similar experience in the comments below. If this type of feature can prevent a good portion of users from unknowingly installing malware via random .dmg files loaded from the net, then I'm all for it. So many people these days just install anything without really checking what it is. I don't consider this anti-viral, more like a condom for the lazier users. Qt is coming into the platform as well. You've never worked with a subcontractor on a home remodelling project, have you? =) These guys carry three cellphones AND a pager, but will never show up on time for an appointment or call to tell you they're not going to be at your house on the day you took off of work. But when that bill is due lookout: they're magically available and on the phone with you constantly. We better go ride the coasters one more time before they rename The Incredible Hulk to The Incredible Hank. It's The Register. They're always like this. Swimming without goggles is difficult when wearing contacts. The lenses tend to wash out of the eye (at least for me). Especially when you signed away all those rights in the developer agreement (or so I've been told). I have to agree with the analyst quoted on page 2. There's too many specific parts and themed items on many of these new kits. I remember when the space kits came out (like Galaxy Ranger) and we all cried foul when they introduced the little engine and wing thingies. Those aren't LEGO! Now everything is a custom molded piece and barely has any mounting studs on it. And let's not even mention Bionicle. Now get off my lawn. Okay, I'm dating myself then, because I think things started going to hell in 1978, not 1992. Although we got minifigs, which were a lot better than those strange half-people that came with the duplo kits (e.g. http://www.tons-of-toys.com/item_images/Classic%20toys%20and... ) These are all pretty simple and fair questions. Nothing you should need a textbook for, unless you're faking something on your resume... I take a slight objection to the statement that Android wasn't there until the iPhone came along. The project was underway long before Google picked them up in 2005, and development on this idea of an open-source phone OS was going on without knowing what Apple was doing. And sure, iPhone is a more robust platform, but there were inklings of a 'free-the-phone-from-the-carrier' movement without Apple's involvement. There were also smaller mobile linux projects underway like Qtopia and Maemo. Also http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Galileo_CRS (nee Apollo) So I'd like to hear what people would actually DO with a mac tablet.... Are you going to use it like an oversized iPod? Type large documents with the touchscreen? Watch movies? Read books? I took Spindler's comments during the presentation as a thinly veiled message of "look, the iPod touch/iPhone can do most of what you want here, so don't hold your breath for a tablet". Then again, that's usually a sign there's one around the corner... My son is in a district-run preschool. When he's picked up by car my wife puts a card in the window that matches the ID number on his backpack. A teacher or aide walks him to the car and even loads him in so that my wife doesn't need to exit the car. The reason for this system? He's four years old. It's easier to keep the kids inside the building and seated quietly on benches until the car drives up and is ready to receive the child. No responsible school would turn 200 kids that can barely speak into a parking lot and let them sort it out. It's also more efficient, with 50 cars lined up in a queue they can move kids in and out of these without a traffic jam. I think it's misleading to put the idea of children being escorted into cars into an article without giving a little more context. I agree with Blasdel. Think about MP3 players back then and how awful the song management software was. They were afterthoughts and it showed. The bad experience dealing with those programs negated any benefit from HAVING an MP3 player. I remember messing with my Nike/PSA's player and trying to load my songs onto it, and I simply gave up. Apple figured out that iTunes needed to be as easy to use as the iPod. That was their win. Should be required reading for any future Oracle customer. Could you try to watch the first 15 seconds of the video on that link? The first emulator only had a dpad and a couple of buttons. With more devices coming out, it looks like they added more key support for various things. The old emu also only supported QVGA and HVGA, the new one appears to let you pick a custom size and DPI for your build. I remember that one. And man, did it look awful on a color TV. You really needed a dedicated monochrome monitor to make that one work. But gamblers can't put a large bet out there on the sportsbook floor and just before an interception is caught declare "Whoops! That bet isn't valid anymore". Remember that 700 Mhz auction? Verizon bought big and is using it to quietly build LTE all over the place. So what happens next year when they offer data service that is a order of magnitude faster than 3G? Are they still not innovating? LTE is promising 50-60 mbps, but field trials are showing 8 to 10. Would you drop your AT&T iPhone for that? Because the stock market doesn't generate money. Money changes hands based on rising and falling values, but the money hasn't just appeared out of thin air, nor is it destroyed. What about compilers that stick in NOPs to keep pipelines in sync? I think that's a harder case when it comes to large-screen televisions. Do we really expect that people will buy a new TV every few years like they do with iPods, phones, and laptops? It's going to take something really significant to convince a whole block of TV watchers to upgrade their sets. In the US, it's only happened with the advent of color broadcasting (1960s) and HD/digital broadcasting (2000s). Yeah, didn't think about that one. Good one. Or confirm you as a nation that puts an expensive, small return mission as priority over more pressing internal problems? Built-in BASIC. That was key for me. No need to find the disks or install anything. You could be up and messing around with a small program within a minute. From a UN Report: "More than 700 million Indians, or roughly two-thirds of the population, do not have adequate sanitation. Largely for lack of clean water, 2.1 million children under the age of 5 die each year" My point is: shouldn't a country like India put their research and money toward solving THESE problems instead of putting a man on Mars? Nobody bought the IBM PC because it was called a "PC". They bought it because it was IBM, and in the 1980s there was a saying: "Nobody ever lost their job buying IBM". No, it was because of Compaq. Compaq won the white-room reverse engineering suits against IBM, opening the door for dozens of manufacturers to make clones of the IBM PC/XT/AT. Eventually the term "PC Clone" got shortened to "PC" when referring to anything that was compatible with the PC-AT standard. I'd look at it from the reviewer's side (just to play devil's advocate here). We know from some reports that they're reviewing 8500 apps per week over (supposedly) 40 reviewers. That's about 10 minutes per app per reviewer per 8 hour workday. So imagine you're the cashier at Taco bell and you have 10 seconds to fill an entire order. The line is hundreds deep. When someone comes up and says "I'd like a Whopper and..." do you spend time trying to correct that person, or do you yell NEXT! and kick him out of line? "Android" is used nowhere in the marketing of any of the Android-based phones. That's why it says "With Google!" instead. When it comes to the consumer, they're not going to even know what Android is. Go ask any Nokia owner if they like their Symbian phone. Not when there's money to be made. Some of these techniques came from the guys breaking the encryption on satellite TV systems. But now he's seen that it's not worth spending the time developing a full application. Writing a toy program is how most developers explore a new framework start to finish. In this case, submitting a "Hello World" or "Tip Calculator" application as a test was very revealing. What's not mentioned is that Via has larger upfront cost. $3 for 3 Via packets or $20 for 24 packets. I've tried Via, and it needs to either be WAY cheaper or lightyears better than the in-store brewed coffee to make the purchase worthwhile for me. I'm not saying that's a hard task on either count. Starbucks brew is way way too strong and burnt for my tastes. The trend has also been to make the toy actually available to operate from inside the packaging. So there are all these intricate ways of tying certain parts down but letting others stay free, all while a hidden microswitch is held down by another piece of plastic to cripple the toy in a demonstration-only mode with less battery wear. Oh yeah, let's not forget the preinstalled batteries. Wanna bet the Amazon toys have none included? Okay, so what do their bong letters look like now? I've got one from the 1991 recession that's pretty nice. Let's compare! Well, Verizon just put a huge shot across AT&T's bow today by announcing they would allow Google Voice (and others) on their new Android-based handsets. http://www.wired.com/gadgetlab/2009/10/verizon-android-phone... Very true. Verizon could be all talk at this point. But it's interesting to see the walls starting to come down, slowly as they are. I'm tired of telling friends and family how to install and maintain systems like "a computer hooked up to a TV". There's a reason why there are more TiVos out there than MythTVs. Champaign. But yeah. Also, no carrier is going to advertise that their phones run the exact same system as another carrier's phone. Why give customers an easy reason to switch? There are half a billion Nokia users that have no idea what Symbian is. Download Eclipse and the SDK (all free), get it all running, then build the "API Demos" project from the samples directory and run it on the emulator. This program lets you play with every single part of the Android system and UI. Tinker with this for a week or so and you'll have a great introduction to the platform. Probably helps that the ISP was Canadian. Makes it a little harder for the US gov't to bully them around. I work with both the G1 and iPhone at my job and carry both around with me, and the browser on Android just kills the whole deal. I don't know if it's the lower DPI screen on the G1, the lack of multitouch, or just the rendering speed. I know they're both Webkit under the hood, but man Apple spent a lot more time optimizing Safari and it shows. The new Android SDK supports variable DPI, so maybe that's a hint that newer phones with iPhone-like screens are on the way. I worked on a piece of arcade equipment (manufacturer and model shall remain nameless) that used a bunch of solenoids to control the works under glass. A little race condition in the code allowed one of the smaller solenoids to stay in a duty-cycled state, effectively turning the coil into a small space heater. Given the right play conditions and length of play, the coil could catch fire, and a couple of times it did. Lots of wood and plastic under glass made for a fun little display. I heard one story about a unit in Paris being dragged out of a cafe and into the street, then put out with axes and buckets of water. Wish I had been there to see that. I'm curious what the satellite broadcasters are using for their HD streams. I've read anywhere from 8 to 10 mbps for a "good" stream (e.g. HBO), but since they encode variably I bet it cranks way down for other channels (like news channels or comedy central). It's a ballsy move, since a whole day of lost sales is a pretty serious thing for a McDonald's store. The margins are pretty slim. I worked for them once. We had a kitchen fire while preparing the store to open, about 5am. McDonald's brought in a crash team of people that worked with the fire department, insurance adjusters, cleanup workers, and health inspectors to get that store back into shape to open...at 7pm THAT NIGHT. On a SUNDAY. That's how serious lost business is. But now all the other lower priced fans are off the shelf. Nothing to compare prices against. Oh, I'm not doubting that at all. It's ballsy, but very very smart. I have a general rule not to visit a new restaurant for the first two weeks because of this exact same "meltdown" scenario. They may have kept the restaurant open and just closed the drive-thru lane. That's pretty much killing your lunch business, but the store is still effectively "open". [And yeah the coupon thing is still there. I once spent half an hour arguing with a woman who knew about this fact and was trying to convince me a free Strawberry Shake was equivalent to a free Slurpee coupon she was holding. Had to say no to that one.] They also have been using 1-800-GOOG-411 to train their voice recognition engines (like Voice Search in Android) Bait and Switch is totally coming, I saw that the moment I read this email. I'm wondering, though, if this could lead to some new types of unlocking for free apps. How about "$0.99 to try this game for a week, or $2.99 to use it forever"? How timely! Just yesterday, an Illinois Department of Transportation crew discovered one of these tunnels was underneath I-90 (Kennedy Expressway), in the heart of the interchange downtown where everything converges. In an preventative effort to keep that tunnel from collapsing they pumped concrete into the tunnel...and managed to buckle the pavement above, cripping the evening rush hour. The emergency repair is done...for now. Also, Nintendo (or the reseller) doesn't charge your card until it ships. But let's say Google enters a deal with Intel that is going badly. Let's say it's 100% Intel's fault. Google shorts Intel stock just before announcing to the public that the deal is off and it's Intel's fault? I don't think that's exactly allowed. Ding! Now if you're smoking and Jim forgets to remind you, that doesn't mean you are automatically allowed to smoke there anytime you want, as are any future guests. It only means Jim didn't catch you. So let's go down the rabbit hole farther.... Wang/Li-Chun (US6990453) is assigned to Landmark Digital Services, Inc. Let's see who they are: "Landmark Digital Services LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Broadcast Music, Inc. (BMI), a company long known for visionary technical innovation driven by a genuine passion for music. In 2005, BMI acquired the complete patent portfolio from Britain’s Shazam Entertainment Ltd." I've always heard mentions that the Shazam technology was originally targeted to root out pirated music on P2P nets. Sounds about right to me now. Four or five years ago I saw a similar demonstration at Sensor Expo. The robots were picking loose Starburst candies off a belt moving in one direction, and arranging them into colored words on a belt moving in the other direction. Blew my mind. You should clarify. "Expectations that are set by people that have no idea what Apple is really doing internally" Microsoft is looking at it from the wrong angle. Google has been honest about the goal of Android from the beginning: to address the billions of non-PC owning people out there that aren't using the web and, consequently, not using Google and it's services. Google couldn't care less if they make a red cent off of the Android platform. What they DO care about is cornering the eyeballs and advertising dollars on mobile platforms. Since Microsoft's core business doesn't involve selling ads, it's totally off their radar. Ding! Give that man a cigar. "which probably does make it a bit slower" (citation needed) Dalvik seems to work just fine. It also helps that Android doesn't use libc but their own custom-written version (bionic) that has a lot of the standard stuff (strcmp, memcpy) hand-written in ARM assembly. What does the JVM do? I wouldn't call it I know of a larger organization (60,000+ employees) that has dumped Exchange for gmail. You just aren't reading about it in the press. Aww man, when I read the headline I was expecting a SpinVox-like scandal. Like a room full of idiot-savants in Bangalore that knew every pop hit for the last 50 years or something. Dalvik has a pretty robust JNI implementation, and you can certainly put native code in an Android application. The NDK is getting more and more useful every release, and there's always building with the full distribution to have access to everything else. I've done it, and it's not that painful. I only worry about what might happen if Android starts showing up on other architectures. You'll have to pack in libraries for every single architecture. I applaud Rubin's team for choosing Java as the high level library and UI implementation. While ObjC might be speedier on iPhone, it's a huge learning curve for someone that wants to write a UI-heavy app. Jim: "And how much is that?" Dwight: "It's only 25 bucks" Jim: "ooookay." http://www.tbs.com/video/index/#/all-video/shows/the-office/... All I'm seeing here are comments about video performance on Flash on various systems. Nothing about games or website navigation or etc. So why can't we just admit that what we really want is a way to play those other video formats (especially ON2, you porn lovers) on the iPhone? I'm using Twitter as a link recorder. I modified a Python-based bot to scrape links off an IRC channel and publish them on a private twitter feed that only my friends from that channel can see. The Android project uses Linux as a hardware abstraction layer, that's all. It was never meant to be a full Linux distribution. Most of the things that the presenter picks on (lack of SysV IPC, prelinked libraries, hand-optimized custom libc) were meant in the interest of performance, not portability. 4. Don't listen to outsiders and know-it-alls that make lists. You might be able to find some matching people in the images from folklore.org (great site for you early Mac fans out there). http://www.folklore.org/ProjectView.py?project=Macintosh&... Unless he's trying to gauge what his advertisers will do after saying such a thing in public. I'd actually look at sound. Shower noise has got to be pretty close to white noise. A little microphone and some filtering code to distinguish showering from other things, and you'd be in business. Isn't it "damned homophones" and not "damn"? Maybe we need a second page with curse terms. For example, it's "fucking" and not "fucken" or "fuckin" We use both in North America. "damn" as a verb (curse, reject, denounce) and "damned" as an adjective (hated, revolting). I'll stick with my babe Lady Macbeth and use "damned", thanks for the input. I can't even find the googlewave name of the person that invited me, unless I ask him directly. That seems like a missed opportunity right there. What about looking at the situation from Google's point of view? You need your engineering staff to use a language like Python instead of C or C++ for multiple reasons. C's too dangerous and C++ is too slow and full of traps. But Python doesn't compile efficiently into native code (forget Swallow for now). My hunch is that Google will move their internal staff to coding in this language for newer projects, and not really care who else out there is using it. I'm using a prepaid T-Mobile SIM in an unlocked iPhone 2G and it works really well, except for the data. EDGE data is all gatewayed and blocked with some ancient WAP server (epc.tmobile.com), but I can still see some certain sites that they've enabled for their other phones (like CNN.mobi and ESPN.mobi). I don't think I can switch mine to the Sidekick plan like you're using. Where did you get your SIM? I wonder what the guy does if his car keys are still in his pocket when he reaches the checkpoint. How do we know this technology isn't targeted for the Apple Media-Industry-Saving Tablet Device? Is this how Steve plans to save the newspaper biz? I've discovered I can switch to the Sidekick plan (cost me a buck to verify that!), but it seems there's no known APN setup that actually works on the iPhone anymore. Most of the forums trying this gave up over the summer, it seems. What about the Yanoff List? The web-based directory was a big deal in the pre-search-engine days. Yanoff eventually begat others like The Yahoo! List and etc etc. Now get off my lawn. Funny, my county's health department just set up a number where you call and set up a reservation to come in. Why go through all the trouble of making people drive to the clinic twice? Why does it have to be some specialized high volume custom phone system? I don't think my local government did any such thing. So people can't get through instantly and some probably can't ever get in until demand lessens and inventories increase. How, statistically, does that differ from putting a deli-style number dispenser on a corner and saying "go for it!" to a city full of people? It might be faster to push a button and get a ticket, if you're already standing in front of the machine. How are these people all getting to the clinic? Are they driving? Taking public transportation? Cabs? Where are they parking? Now they all go home and come back a second time? Eugene Jarvis left Midway about eight years ago and started Raw Thrills ( http://www.rawthrills.com ). Eugene wasn't the host mentioned in the story, since he didn't work on design for Black Knight or High Speed (he does have a sound credit on HS, though). You're thinking of the other Vid Kid, Larry DeMar. The more and more I see articles like this ( http://www.trendpreneur.com/online/social-media-online/socia... ) and how trying to filter through the Twitter/Facebook noise is the future...the more I think of this story. Looks like you got your wish... http://www.theiphoneblog.com/2009/11/16/apple-static-analysi... Man, ain't that the truth. My favorites are the following categories: - The only good photos I have of myself are with friends in bars. - My cat/dog has to be in the photo. I love my cat/dog more than I'll love you. - The only time I look good is with my ex, so I'll crop his side of the picture out. You won't notice, will you? - 20 self-photos of me in the bathroom mirror. Don't mind the mess in the background. - I love to travel! Can you see that speck at the bottom of the Eiffel Tower? That's me! Thought of a few more: - I was a bridesmaid! Try and find me in this group of 8 well-dressed women! This says nothing about my craving to be married at all! - I could only get my coworkers to shoot this photo of me at the office. Can you see I hate my job? - Here's some cleavage to distract you. - This is me & my dad. I'm not a daddy's girl at all, but get ready for the interrogation when you pick me up. I'm on the verge of buying an Android phone over an iPhone because I can dial out with Google Voice on Android. I don't know when that will be available on iPhone. So I'd say the app market can make a difference for some people. 40,000,000 more potential customers. From page 4: "On board, I staked out the bus’s backseat, where I could use my laptop without anyone looking over my shoulder. With a $150 wireless broadband card from Virgin Mobile, the only nationwide service that didn’t require a credit check, I had almost uninterrupted online access." What was Microsoft's product line in 1989? MS/DOS, Word, Excel and Windows 2.0? It's a great read, but you kind of cringe knowing in hindsight that the Apple ][ market was drying up and there was Mechner, working on screen plays and taking months at a time away from development of the game. It does have a happy ending that the PC market started to kick in, but man. What did Spielberg do on Empire? How much you wanna bet all these addresses get mailed an offer for a Chrome OS-enabled netbook when it's ready? This is old news, but always a fun page if you're a 2600 fan: http://mightygodking.com/index.php/2008/04/21/fun-from-yeste... It's all about Nokia slipping. It's still kind of boggling to see such a giant stumble in the smartphone market to date. Yeah, it's exactly the # of seconds to 1/1/2010 in your local time zone. Saying "Google is making hardware" is like saying "Vizio is making their own TVs". There's no way you can turn a sinking boat into a 3 hour movie! #twitter1997 It's all gonna hinge on who provides the data plan and what the monthly cost is. If they can convince Verizon or TMO to offer a $40/mo LTE or 3G plan, I'll camp out for one. And I don't camp for devices. One wonders if the 1/1/2010 countdown on "Feeling Lucky" is related to this launch. Cost ($0.50 over 10 million phones adds up) and CPU/DSP power to perform the cancellation. Well, Motorola can just go back to writing their own operating systems for mobile pho....um, never mind. And it's a shame, too. I know a lot of Motorolans, and they're depressed at how a company that makes great hardware (I'm talking the RF stuff inside) missed the boat on software and design. But Moto needs Google more than Google needs Motorola. And that's why they can pull a move like this and nobody can say boo. I don't get it. At least the ObjC guys came up with a clever one: http://www.cafepress.com/objc.2130573 "Those that love law or sausage shouldn't watch either being made"...but in this case, extremely fascinating. But how much of this technology existed in 1997? How did Prodigy really make the track? Yup. Here we go again. Four+ weeks of this stuff clogging the top of every blog aggregator. Exactly my point. This stuff was way harder without all these nice comfy ProTools and ACID GUIs. The keyboards never had interfaces that were easy to use when doing things like trimming waveforms. Must have been hella tedious. You know it's just going to look like every other airliner on the inside when the carriers are done with them. I'd be more impressed if they brought back the Tiger Lounge. RRRRooooowwwww..... http://www.flickr.com/photos/molly/223191766/ But STEVE is INSANELY HAPPY with it! Whatever it is! So it must be great! Do you remember how long it took to move a compressed Apple ][ disk over the lines with ASCII Express? Hours! And that disk was only 140K! The G1 has it, and can be overriden by user apps. Do the newer Android phones not have this or something? I had never seen or used a Blackberry before owning a G1. Android 1.0-1.5 might be crappy, but not as crappy as the Blackberry Tour. I've had to help my sis-in-law twice now with weird things like the ringer going into permanent mute and not being to come out of "Safe Mode". And pulling the battery is the only answer? Jeez. And it would make "TSA Approved" laptops an instant target for ALL terrorists. Because someone eventually WILL figure out how to subvert one without detection. And what TSA agent is going to question the integrity of such a laptop if it has a big TSA stamp on it with special instructions that this model is "safe"? But the phonograph was around for 20 years or so. So there was some information storage, just not the concept of mass reproduction and distribution. C'mon, Gruber wrote the exact same thing 4 days ago. And there are other "web surfing on the toilet?" quotes from Jobs scattered all over the blogosphere. It looks like we've broken the Mach 1 barrier in hype and are now designing the project for Apple instead of just sitting back and speculating wildly. I still get this odd whiff of Microsoft pulling out the old playbook and doing a "we're working on this too!" FUD maneuver, knowing Apple was working on something similar. Remember Pen Windows? http://www.xkcd.com/386/ I'm counting on it as well. It would be silly to engineer all this pre-hype and then just announce another phone with the only big feature being the Eclair (or Flan?) update. Really , I'd love to see the big surprise be a data-only plan option. And you know what? It's really really good. So is kosher Coke and Mountain Dew Throwback. If you can use the Sidekick data option ($1 per day of activation), then it might be doable. iPhone users can't use this option at the moment, I'm guessing Android phones are out as well. Follow the link and look at the participation rate in the 16-19 (pre-college) demographic. Headed to nothing. Of course one can see that just by walking into any fast food restaurant, coffee shop, or supermarket in the USA. All the jobs are being held by adults who want the work, as low-paying as it is, and the kids could care less. That work is beneath them. They'd rather stay home on Facebook playing Farmville. I'd like to see more analysis there. If these kids have no work ethic now , what happens in 20-30 years? Run a regression on that data and tell me where the bottom is. One can say "we don't know"...but it sure as hell isn't slowing down anytime soon. Wow! 8 cents an hour! Thats...um....$57 a month. Oh. Can you schedule EC2 instances for certain times of the day, or is it an all on or nothing thing? I'll second the old IBM fetish. I spent so many hours on old IBM PC/RT terminals that I can't stand any other font now. It just feels like a programming font. I even drew a mimic font for MS-DOS. Vera Sans and Menlo are pretty close. The moment I pull an iPhone out in front of my kids, it's ripped from my hands by an 18-month-old and that becomes the primary toy for the next 30 minutes. She can unlock it, scramble my home pages, and leave it full of drool and sugar-based crust in a matter of seconds. If this guy thinks a fancy $1000 tablet is going to be that much more usable around kids, he's in for a rude awakening. If Eli already wants to climb all over his laptop, why wouldn't a tablet suffer the same fate? I agree, the iPhone really has been a remarkable thing in terms of how kids latch onto it. One can probably do a whole human factors study on the affordances of the slide-to-unlock thingy. If only Apple would give us a way to disable the Home button. I could write all kinds of killer little games for the rugrat to play with. Active matrix just means every pixel has it's own switching transistor, as opposed to just every row and column. There may be drive voltage at every pixel but not current. Okay, here's another question. What happened to the Apple/Kleiner-Perkins iPhone fund? There's a blog at http://ifundvc.com/ but it's been updated once in the last 12 months. They promised $100MM in funds, but it looks like only 5 companies and $30MM was set up. Anyone else know anything? Did the App Store just take off faster than expected and this all became moot? Religion would be a lot different. The report I heard was that Google did great, but not as great as the analysts expected. I still don't get why analysts are able to drive the price so much. If their educated guess is even wrong by $0.01/share sometimes, people freak out. "In other words, as Stephen Colbert put it last year, 'Corporations are people too.'" That's true. So let's take this to it's logical conclusion as expressed here: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/rob-warmowski/corporate-murder... "Shouldn't it follow that when a corporation is bankrupted -- killed -- that its management could be found guilty of the capital crime of murder?" Hey, corporations are people too! The Supreme Court said so! Be nice! Your shareholders might disagree. I wish the article was more clear on which came first. I was under the impression the friendly email was sent, then the URL was stolen after a short period. If Apple expects the Wednesday announcement/press event at the off-site auditorium to go well they probably need to make sure the device works outside the Apple campus network, don't they? I would guess the hardest part is teaching non-technical types the concepts of version control, especially one like subversion. Were there any tricks in doing that kind of teaching? I'll tell you what's worse: an architect that has no experience in your product field. I'm currently in an embedded systems company where the chief architect came from a server-design group. So now everything we do looks like a server. It's awful on multiple levels. Sure there's an upside. Now that the market knows media companies are involved, they all will spike tomorrow morning when the market opens. You also prime the hype pump one more time. Remember that the financial types don't read tuaw, gizmodo, and engadget all day long looking for Apple rumors. I consider it the noisemaker they shoot off before the real firework show starts. I was kind of interested in the keyboard dock at first glance. Here's a way to turn an iPad into a simple computer that my kid can use for school tasks or email without trashing my desktop computer setup. But on second glance: how do you drive the UI from the keyboard? Can you use a mouse? Are you going to have to lift your arms and gesture all over the place to open a file, change apps, etc? If they have an answer to the second problem, watch this thing get pushed heavily at the education market in the fall. So now the iPhone OS supports a mouse cursor? That seems unlikely. That's my big fear here. The Android-based MIDs are really close. Just ask Dell. It's kind of funny that Chrome hasn't entered into the iPad discussions more. It's pretty much a second approach to the same problem. Most people just want to use the web and email (most of the time THROUGH the web) on a computer. So give 'em what they want. And if you say "what about Flash!" I'm gonna guess one of two things: you want video (cough cough PORN) or you want to play Farmville. The other unmentioned thing is how Apple will approach the cloud. That massive data center they're building can't just be for streaming music and video to iTunes customers. I bet you see iPad evolve into Apple's cloud computing platform while the OSX-based notebooks stay they way they are. This also has some serious long term problems for Mac OS. What if Apple decides (or has already decided) that the future is closed-architecture cloud computing devices? You'd see OS X (OS XI?) dead before the decade is over. At this point, there's a lot more money to be made with a successful app on the Cocoa Touch platform compared to Cocoa/OSX. I question point 3 as well. Android was underway long before iPhone was announced. While you can say future Android development might have been influenced by iPhone, the project was started with zero knowledge of Apple's plan. My guess is that you won't see a camera until the device gets on Verizon LTE and one can do two-way video. AT&T just can't handle the bandwidth. You seem pretty sure Apple is filled with incompetent idiots that all, en mass, decided not to deploy a camera on the iPad. How many years has Linux been trying? 10? More? And they're still not there. Android is probably the next best hope. I'd say that's a good thing. Radio Userland is not the poster boy for simplicity. "They've thrown out everything they can get away with and then a bit more; which Linux distro's can't or wont do." Bravo. I would hazard to guess ChromeOS is Google's stab at this. There's also Jolicloud and some others for netbooks, so maybe there's hope in that direction. Apple paid (reportedly) about $250,000,000 for PA Semi. Is that factored in at all? We said the same thing about Madonna in 1984 (except maybe the piano part). Good thing someone has picked up the blueprint and started up again. Pop music was really suffering lately. How many of these 10 sites do you visit daily, TheHenry? Here's something that came to mind reading this: When the iPhone was announced (and once again when the SDK was announced) there was a fair amount of teeth gnashing and whining about Java not being supported. Haven't heard one peep about Java on iPad this time around. Will Flash suffer the same fate? I'm kind of second-guessing my thought as well. In the early days (well, the first year, really) of the iPhone Apple was steadfast in their idea that everything would be web-based. No SDK needed. The concern over Java at that point was if it was going to be allowed on the phone at all. JME/J2ME was what the mobile industry was trending toward. The success of Cocoa Touch and the App Store has pretty much made J2ME a footnote (except for the few carriers still hanging on). Aha! He forgot 6^P as the original way to boot the disk. Newbie. The funny thing about the Apple ][ disk was that homing sequence itself. It was aligning the head to track 0 by SLAMMING it against a metal backstop. Primitive, but took very few opcodes to make it happen, especially since the apple disk format had no encoding in the tracks to tell the head where it was. One of my first forays into 6502 assembly was copying that home routine off the card and changing the delay between pulses to the servo. You could actually make music with that metal backstop if you made the delay small enough. Never said that. The ease and user experience of Cocoa Touch and Android make J2ME apps look so slow and ugly that I don't honestly believe any consumer will put up with those kind of devices for much longer. About a year ago I sat in a meeting with a carrier that proclaimed "We're not worried about iPhone" but in the same breath asked "so, how can we get an App Store running for our handsets?" The two words that make me close a site instantly: "Skip Intro". How can one do a whole article on RFD-TV and not mention Big Joe Polka Show even once ? Yes. I also like intros that resize the window, fire off two or three Orbitz pop-unders, and launch a fake Windows 7 antivirus checker on my OSX Safari browser when I try to close it. I totally understand. In the flurry of it all we've all forgotten what you remembered: Apple never said anything to the point of "No SDK. Ever." Aside from Jobs' WWDC 2007 address there were rumors and signals that "web was all you're gonna get"[1][2], but obviously they planned an SDK that eventually was announced 9 months after the reveal. Or developer pressure convinced the staff to polish the internal tools and APIs for public use? I'm kind of sad that with the new secretive Apple, we'll never know the full story behind the scenes for a long long time to come. [1] http://theappleblog.com/2007/06/11/tab-wwdc-2007-live-covera... [2] http://arstechnica.com/apple/news/2007/10/source-iphone-sdk-... I'm kind of pondering the claim that this is as significant as the microwave. Sure, it's new technology that's becoming more and more affordable. But SV cooking is still a fair amount of work. Heating the steak, for example, is microwave-simple. But pan-searing it? That's work. We've had boil-in-the-bag meals for a while now. When I hear "the next microwave" I'm thinking "the next Jetsons-like machine that will make perfect food with one button". The gadget we're all gonna have in 50 years, I predict, will be more like the MIT Cornucopia project: http://fluid.media.mit.edu/projects.php?action=details&i... I keep telling my wife that the blowtorch is the next essential kitchen tool that everyone will be using, and I'm always shot down. Can't fault a guy for trying. She knows I just like setting things on fire, including steaks. I thought the Keller book warns cooks that +/- a couple of degrees can result in disaster, but the engineer in me refuses to believe that. Maybe it's just the fish dishes that matter. The press releases mention it's available on the consumer level in Germany. Does anyone know the brand name and/or distributor? Option 4: Be Electronic Arts. As seen in the Engadget photo leak, some developers already have devices that are bolted to tables. So there will be some apps but from the big names only. The leaked photo from Engadget (the one with a prototype iPad bolted to a table) also has space on the security bezel for a camera. http://www.cultofmac.com/engadgets-clearest-tablet-picture-s... I'm going to be in Germany in the summer, I was curious if anyone knew where to purchase it there. Logging in from a G1 is broken, I've seen the same thing. This seems like a rediscovery of Norman's writings on mental models: http://www.interaction-design.org/encyclopedia/mental_models... Keeps the hits on their server down while you're zooming in, though. Maybe the refresh button should just be more prominent after a zoom. I don't know what it's like in CS/EE courses today, but back in the day most computer architecture students had to create a simple microcoded-ALU and write both sides of the code. Doing the microcode for those projects was kind of fun, I miss that kind of work sometimes. Now get off my lawn. I don't know if Monoprice ships to Europe, but there has to be a better alternative to the Apple Store there. You can get a comparable cable from Monoprice for about 8 Euros. What are your tax rates on interest? Is Buzz built with Wave? Can't find a mention anywhere, but it sure looks like Wave. It's not just NY. It's a lot of places. Many towns have locked down franchise agreements for telephone and cable tv "utilities" just like they do for water or power. If Google admits they're going to deliver advanced Google Voice or YouTube services over these lines, that's infringing on these agreements and the towns face lawsuits from the legacy carriers. You can't just hop on poles and start stringing wires all over the place. Google's own press release suggests they're looking for new ways to use ultra-highspeed broadband: Or downloading a high-definition, full-length feature film in less than five minutes. Or collaborating with classmates around the world while watching live 3-D video of university lecture. Now look at how Geneva, Illinois fought off AT&T U-Verse (called "Project Lightspeed" in the experimental phase) because they already had television franchise agreements in place and didn't want to get sued by the cable company: http://www.geneva.il.us/att/Lightspeed.htm (Note, also, that Geneva tried to set up their own broadband network and was roadblocked by AT&T. Karma is a bitch.) I'm not suggesting that Google is looking to offer cable TV. I'm just implying that you can't waltz into a town and offer these kinds of services without raising the hackles of the existing companies that are providing utility services in most typical towns. A town might willingly invite Google with open arms, but that doesn't mean it's a done deal by a long shot. Expect lawsuits. The Roman Catholic Church, like any other corporation, is interested in revenue and growth. When he says ordinary people do not "believe in the future", what he means to say is they don't believe in a Catholic future. I don't believe it's that simple. You have Catholic numbers dropping like a rock in America in the wake of the scandals and etc. This whole new "Catholics Come Home!" ad campaign isn't cheap and isn't typical of them. You have the European birth rate going negative. You have growth markets like Asia starting to level off. Where are you going to get growth from? The Church's stance on contraception and abortions is directly tied to make sure there are enough money-donating catholics around to keep the machine going. Another tip: WRAP THE PAN HANDLE IN SOMETHING HEAT PROOF In the frenzy of mixing things and moving ingredients around you tend to forget the pan is still at ~500F. This tip has been brought to you by the scar on my left palm. Some extra data from my hometown: http://www.chicagotribune.com/media/graphic/2010-02/52176728... Attendance has been falling since 2001. No visible correlation to economic conditions. Patent trolls don't normally go out and invent the product they've patented. I'd put this one fractional step above typical trolling. PS: That video OWNS. I don't have any inside information on this score, so like anyone else on the outside of Google I can only speculate. But it seems certain that Buzz was extensively tested within Google itself for a significant period before it was released to the public a week ago. Okay so how about a quick search, then? http://techcrunch.com/2010/02/09/sergey-brin-google-buzz/ Brin: “It’s been internally, probably half a year I’ve been testing it internally, with an increasing number of other people, the whole company has been on it for a while now. I thought he created Corbis because he wanted to corner the digital art market for picture frames and wall displays. The technology didn't catch up so Corbis became a stock photography house. Yeah, that blew me away. How often do you see schematics for ANYTHING anymore, much less a TV? Most appliances still include a basic wiring diagram (helped me find a corroded connector in my fridge once), but the circuit boards are usually not diagrammed out. What's the typical Visa and MasterCard vig these days? Isn't it around 2.5%? #dreamitpitch Sucker twitter users into giving us ideas for free and toss a grand to one of them. We need landline-to-GV number porting, pronto! The only problem is that we'll probably need to generate a whole buncha new phone numbers for the people that want to keep the old landlines for incoming Google Voice calls. C'mon. 10 new area codes can't be THAT hard! Young people are convinced they will live forever, until they reach 31. The district needed to classify theft as "improper behavior at home" and not just plain old "theft"? That seems doubtful. None of these theories support the fact that there's a class-action lawsuit being filed. You don't go through this kind of trouble over "oh, little Timmy lied about a laptop being stolen and got busted". The family has given an interview and claims the school is accusing the student of selling drugs http://news.cnet.com/8301-30977_3-10457077-10347072.html?tag... The Bloom energy cell supposedly works without combustion. So no CO/CO2 etc. But there have to be some byproducts somewhere. Some BBSes from 1984 are calling and want their G-Files back. Speed limits do exist on the Autobahn now. You usually see them in major city interchanges and also when bad weather strikes. They have a very impressive system of automated signals and signs that indicate the (temporary) limits in those cases. (And I've done the FRA run in rented A-klasse autos as well. You're right...it's an insane experience the first couple of times. But eventually checking the mirrors at the right time becomes habit and you become more comfortable. Coming back to the States is more nerve-wrecking for me now) It's not enforced because NOBODY does it. I watched a "Cops"-like show where they followed the Autobahn police around and once in a while they did bust someone for not using the lanes properly. I'll wait for the TonidoPlug colocation service. Like a huge powerstrip that runs the length of a warehouse or something. wireless has made coffee shops so popular that people once again value them as social centers You mean social with each other, or social with their online friends? Maybe I'm not in cafes enough to understand this, but how long are laptop users camping out on tables? I can see if they're checking a quick email while having a coffee, but experiences I've had and maukdaddy above show that people are camping out a lot longer than that first cup. So are they staying all day? Are they purchasing more beverages? I think we're gonna look back at these wacky offices in 10-20 years and just have a chuckle. When we had that 3-4 quake outside Chicago earlier this month, my wife was convinced a tree had fallen against the house or something. USGS Shakemap had no data yet. On a hunch I searched twitter and saw over 200 "OMG WHAT WAS THAT?" messages. Confirmed the quake before anything else. I half-joke about it as well. It's a little scary, little exciting that something like this is even possible now. There are all kinds of topics on boot optimization over on the Embedded Linux wiki: http://elinux.org/Boot_Time So I'm wondering if they just apply a set of these tricks given your circumstances. Notice that they guarantee a 50% speedup on your board, not that you'll boot as their example. The OMAP 3530 shown is a pretty fast chip. You also don't know what else they're skipping to get this speed. One day you'll be on a sidewalk, she'll figure it out and ask why you always insist on being on the side with the traffic Or, more commonly, you have a conversation like this. Not that this is from memory or anything: You: (doing the 18th pirouette spin of the day) Her: "What are you doing?" You: "I'm protecting you from traffic and scoundrels!" Her: "Forget that. It's annoying. And I can protect myself, thanks" It's easier to slap an injunction on a company shipping boxes full of patent-violating product. Looks like you have a little more control over it, for one thing. Speed, pause/resume, etc. How's that FLO mobile TV working out for ya, Paul? Maybe I'm in the minority, but I find UIBuilder to be awful. Unintuitive and almost impossible to grok without some prior experience or handholding. For my first "hello world" apps I wound up coding the views entirely by hand and skipping the .xib If you mean strong women that can handle themselves without needing a man to always help them then yes, you're right. And thanks for the wishes, we're quite happy. So why hasn't IB gotten the same amount of improvements and attention as the rest of the toolchain? XCode has come a long way, as have the compilers and instruments. I certainly wouldn't embark on a long-term OSX/iPhone project without mastering IB. It's obvious that your UI is easier to modify and update using IB than hacking it in and out of the view controller code. Back to the original thread, I do give a little credit to Android to having the option of UI editing done inside of Eclipse. It's not perfect, it's a little hacky, but the concept of slapping down a UI element like a button, naming it, and then having it automatically compile and show up in the editor autocomplete is a powerful thing. The first time it happened it honestly was a nice surprise. Not saying this is deliberate, but I wonder if there's an advantage to launching a new device around tax season in the USA. If you're crunching numbers and discover you're getting a few hundred back, are you more inclined to spend it on something like this if the hype syncs up with the money? Having a subscription to PopSci in the late 70s-early 80s was like reading Gizmodo or Engadget today. Every month was filled with magical things that you wouldn't see in person for months or years. Optical discs! Fuel injected cars! Weird crap from DAK! And Wordless Workshop FTW. If a MacBook Pro takes up "part" of your refund, you really need to modify your exemptions and stop letting the IRS hold your money all year long. The IRS even gives you a handy calculator to figure it out: http://www.irs.gov/individuals/article/0,,id=96196,00.html When your business model revolves around making the previous product look old and unappealing, you work hard to make sure you have none of that model left when the new one launches. There's a UI advantage to that handshake, too. You get the drive icon showing up on the desktop as a Time Machine drive instead of a standard USB disk, right? Phones, or API levels? Okay, when did Nokia decide Qt is going to be pronounced "Cute"? At Mobile World Congress? Earlier? I've been working with Qt for 5 years now and I never heard anyone call it anything other than "Que Tee", including Trolltech reps. And I'm gonna keep it that way, dadgum it! Remember after June 30th it's also (750 * 0.15) to upload it. So the two other lectures that this student interrupted (one of them twice ) do not count? Not to diminish Ms. Warrior's accomplishments, but having a triple-whammy (minority female in engineering) can't hurt either. In any hire-at-will state, including California, you have the right to walk out at any time just as they have the right to let you go at any time. 2 weeks is just a typical professional courtesy. The employee handbook might state "we prefer two weeks notice", but you don't owe them that. If you were in a hire-at-will state, you could have just walked. They can't hold you to a time period. One thing you don't realize about the movie industry is that parts of it actually move a lot slower than you think. Some of these scripts (actually, most of them) float around Hollywood for years, even a decade or longer. They get pushed from studio to studio, shopped around, then suddenly a director or star takes interest in it and a project begins to form. One can definitely infer once the wheels start moving on a picture (OMG Brad Pitt signed on to do Freakonomics:The Movie!) and word spreads that copycats definitely pop up to try and take some of the action. You can also add [A Bug's Life (Nov 1998) -> Antz (Oct 1998)] to your list. There's some background here: http://www.businessweek.com/1998/47/b3605013.htm Well, for some scripts, nearly everyone in the business has read it by the time it gets attached to a director and/or star. Why are we all doing this with RSS feeds? I want a frame that serves up a samba folder over a wifi network. That's all. I can make a dozen different things that stuff pictures dynamically into that folder, all the frame needs to do is cycle through them. ATSC in the USA is 19.28 Mbit/sec. That sounds perfect. Thanks for the tip. I dunno, the CSS color scheme of this site is definitely orange (and almost teal in the background, at least on my monitor). I think this is a bigger conspiracy than we imagined. Google should have just called it the Developer Phone 2. We don't always need to label something a winner or a loser in this world. The Nexus is what it is...and it's still a pretty good device. I think it's funny that the marketing is the product now and not even the material inside? Ever look at the back of a generic equivalent of a shampoo now? You see something like this (and read carefully): This product is not manufactured or distributed by BigCorp, distributors of BigBrand Shampoo" Okay, so I'm guessing BigCorp doesn't even make their own shampoo anymore either. It's all made in the same plant and everyone just brands it what they want. Indeed. Things have radically changed in the embedded market since this time. For starters, even WindRiver is selling embedded Linux. Customers got tired of the "How much do you make? Yeah, we'll take 10% of that" business model. Maybe I'm missing something here. The only duty-free shops I've ever seen while traveling internationally are on the secure side of the airport terminal. You need to show you're checked in and boarding a flight leaving the country. The bottle isn't handed to you until you're walking onto the flight (and sometimes not until you're on the plane) So how did the replacement material get on the secure side of the airport before being swapped into the bottle? So the author discovers the benefits of a quality product from a European company that has been making these things for 60 years. Kettler isn't expensive for the sake of being expensive. It's just built well and it lasts. Families hand these things down. It just happens to not be built here (or in China). People need to understand what "insurance" really means. Unless you're 65 or over, you do NOT have health insurance in the US right now. You may think you do, but you don't. Good reading: http://baselinescenario.com/2009/08/05/you-do-not-have-healt... I hate all design-pattern gobbledygook, but Singleton actually has some use in C++ when you want to control the order of constructors for global things. Otherwise you're adding single and double underbars on everything. OLEDs also degrade over time. Blue is still the color with the shortest lifespan. Making blue larger will give an equivalent output for longer. Oh, wow. I was just gonna run out and get some more KelcoGel Gellan Gum this morning. Thanks for the recipe. Actually, molecular gastronomy is pretty amazing stuff. Where can an ordinary person buy this stuff in public? A restaurant supply store? So does the pre-order process help Apple? They now have advance information on the demand for the product 1-2 weeks in advance of the launch. Holy crap, that's a cool site. Thanks for the pointer. The hand-woven core memory "rope" is what blew me away. http://authors.library.caltech.edu/5456/1/hrst.mit.edu/hrs/a... Can't we just wait until 4/1? Do they expect a few days for this to trickle through the blogsphere? Argh. I hate this day on the internet. I say let Beck go on and fracture the party. Except when you're buying a new TV and you're at the checkout, you realize you need a cable to finish your hookup. This is why you never see a $10 cable in a retail store, like the poster above mentioned. It's all about the psychology of needing it now instead of being able to wait 4 more days. Yes, my city has a Fry's. And I've had the same experience as you. I've never seen a store so stocked with salespeople (and 70 cash registers!) but with so little interest in the process of selling and supporting material. But my original point was that the typical person sitting at a checkout with an HDTV doesn't know what the HDMI cable does, much less that they can buy it at Fry's or Monoprice for 25x cheaper. Why did this remind me of the "Ten Women" game? http://www.davidlouisedelman.com/uncategorized/ten-women/ I'd love to know if Bozo got a personal visit from Steve. But all of those were things that were left out of the Apple ][ project for various reasons: either they didn't exist yet (Disk ][ being the prime example), or were too expensive to add to the motherboard. What exactly is lacking from modern hardware today? Not enough communications capability? Screen isn't large or hi-res enough? The expandability has moved to software. That's the App Store. People are customizing their machines and adding capability, but they're doing it through the SDK and not the schematics. Google really could have done a cool thing by etching a unique QR on the back of each Nexus one. Instead we got android.com. Maybe next time. You can't even run Virtualbox? That's harsh. Not that I would disclose any secret stuff in the new OS4.0 SDK, but I betcha the iAd framework is called AdLib.... Having seen the Flash Lite source code personally, I can verify item #2 isn't flamebait at all. A chip like an OMAP2 or OMAP3 has a built-in DSP used to assist and accelerate video decoding. They've already added H.264 decoding to the IVA for some devices (hi, Dell) so adding new bridge code for VP8 is certainly possible. This reveals the possibility to gain control over $EIP. Wow, it's Gibson's Black ICE for real. We live in amazing times. Wouldn't the taxes they do pay (such as sales tax) equal a larger amount of their disposable income than the higher brackets? The jailbreakers are emulating ARM too? The conspiracy deepens! Go read _Neuromancer_. It's a little dated now, but in the 80s this was cutting-edge science fiction. Black ICE were security countermeasures that would infect you , even kill you, for getting to close to a machine in cyberspace. ...and then it's turtles all the way down! Hmm. I just looked through my last 170 days of comments and I found the word "Turtle" exactly once. And it's in this thread. I don't believe I need to explain the joke. +7 kind of hints that some people agree. I was really really interested in applying for a dev position with RIM out here until I actually tried a Tour. Man, what an awful interface. Everything about it just dripped "don't care". Reading this makes me glad I chose to skip them. When you're building a prototype device, you usually tag everything and anything so you can track various problems. You might put 4-5 different batteries from different vendors in there to see which one performs better, or if one explodes you can track it back to the vendor and lot #. So if this a prototype phone then yeah, you're probably gonna see labels and tags on it that you don't see on a production device. I'm not taking a side yet on if these photos are real, but in the CE world you see something like this a lot. It's not unique to the UK. But most US mobile customers never have had to deal with swapping SIMs between devices and, thusly, never needed to know what their IMEI is. An array of length Maxint? It'll all move to thin clients and the cloud. Just watch. Not saying it's better, and in fact it'll be worse. The net goes down way more than the AntiVirus gets a bogus config file. But you'll see cash-strapped facilities get sold on the idea of cheaper clients on-site and a large server with a juicy maintenance package behind it. I let my wife run my profile. The once-in-a-while that I do use it, I can't figure it out. Are there two or three home pages? It's impossible to find anything. Maybe I just don't spend enough time there. But Wikileaks isn't in the business of just posting any classified document. They're whistleblowing. Funny thing is that I know 4-5 other couples/families where the facebookiness is outsourced. It's just a huge timesink compared to other internet things. It did bring attention to the fact that these pages weren't as secure as people thought, and that others on Wall Street might be sniffing pages for financial gain. Sure took a lot of pixels to not complain about it. 68xx and 8051 might be old-school, but you can also synthesize those cores inside an FPGA. That's pretty useful and avoids paying licensing fees for some of the newer stuff. I was also being somewhat facetious. The article opens with this: I had planned on reviewing the iPad in my next post... Another iPad review from a random blogger? Really? This isn't a Twitter attitude, it's an attitude of "nobody really gives two cents about your opinion". And yet, here I am typing this. The internet is hard . It's a common courtesy, but not required unless you have a contract that says so. Most workers in the US do not have contracts and can quit at any time, just as they can be let go from their jobs without reason. Actually, it's the opposite. The moment you give the employee a reason, you open the door to a lawsuit. The best way to let someone go is simply say "your services are no longer required" and leave it at that. I heard of one organization that used disasters. Titanic, Hindenburg, Ishtar... the nice part is that you keep getting new ones all the time. I'd probably avoid Eyjafjallajokull, though. The difficulty there, however, will be proving that the phone is worth $400. This phone isn't in production yet. You can put a much higher value on a "prototype", including all the R&D, tooling expense, new materials, etc etc etc. And what if the 4G retails for $1,999? How about $499,999? You can't prove it won't at this point, can you? Saying the older model is the example for the cost of the new one isn't a logical connection in a court of law. http://www.apostropheabuse.com/ you forgot donut and eclair? Sure, and Apple can say "that 4G had a new processor chip. We've only built 10 to date and spent 40 million dollars on designing it, doing revisions, and renting fab time to make these 10." Now the phone is worth 4 million dollars. Yeah, that would have been impressive. Considering the typical Twitter user PNG is larger than most Apple ][ programs in their entirety, it would be a massive feat (unless you add your own bank-switched memory or something). I don't know about any of these advanced features, but it looks like even simple images won't load when looking at photos. My wife has been asking me all morning if the net is down. No, it just looks like FB is broken. What would have happened if Chen did all his work in Google Docs? The Police have to execute a search warrant on Google as well as Chen's house? How do you practice a restore on a backup that you don't quite know for sure is a usable backup? That's a big fear of mine. I'm not about to wipe my system clean and hope the test works 100%. Car makers disguise their field test prototypes with bras, dazzle paint, fake body panels, etc. http://www.carandsuv.co.nz/wp-content/uploads/2009/12/Vauxha... ...just like Apple did with the Fake 3G skin. Exactly. Apple tech support isn't a lost and found. They have no training or directive to reunite lost phones with their owners. That's a great idea, except my main drive is bolted inside of a really hard-to-disassemble iMac. There's externally bootable drives, and I guess that's my only easy option. I met with Trolltech years ago at a trade show and I never heard "Cute", just "cue-tee". The Nokia rep I met with last month insisted it's always been "cute". The history in the old reference books say it was inspired by "Xt", and I don't see that pronounced as "sweet". Anyway, I've been working with the Qt Declarative stuff for a little while and while it's nice and certainly a path to get iPhone/Android experiences on their platform, it's still got a long way to go. Don't you think you should be entitled to earn some of that money that Facebook is making off of your information? I think that's what pisses me off about FB the most. This entire website was built on the backs of hundreds of millions of eager users. And sure, the users get some benefits (meeting old friends, finding a new job), and some downsides (affairs, posting that picture of you drunk for the boss to see). But all in all, we've all made Zuckerberg a millionaire for doing very little, in the big picture. No, actually I hold AdSense and Google to the same standard. But I also believe people are way less aware of what Google is going with the Adsense click data. They're also blinded by the smörgåsbord of goodies flowing out Mountain View. And maybe to most that's a fair trade. Google is at least giving out free email servers, gigabytes of cloud storage, navigation, docs, etc etc etc. The Ingenic 4720 is a nifty little device to run Linux on, but good luck getting any decent video out of this thing. I'm working on a 4740 @ 330MHz and the performance is...um...non-optimal. As a parent who plans to pay for my son's college education, I think I'd like this system. It's a lot harder for a student to whine "I'm failing this class! This biased professor hates me!" while being able to discover that sonny-boy was only in class 25% of the time. And I'll vote you up too, because I'm that other guy that got downvoted. I guess I'm just from a different era. The attitude seems to be "they cashed my check, I can do what I want". Can't say that's totally a wrong attitude, given how colleges in the US work these days. There's a big "don't care" attitude on both sides of the fence now. If you have a group of people over 16, you can take a "backstage tour" at Disney World (Florida) that shows you similar things. I took the tour in 2000 and got to walk the underground tunnels, see the computer room, costume pickup desk, the trash vacuum system, and a bunch of other behind-the-scenes things. It's nothing a Disney park fanatic doesn't know about already, but it's neat to be able to go back there. Looks like they still offer it, but I'd avoid the other parks and just do the MK one: http://disneyworld.disney.go.com/tours-and-experiences/backs... My chase card has Blink (which I think is compatible). I didn't even know it was there until I went to swipe my card at McDonald's and the terminal said ACCEPTED as my card got near the swipe slot. It seems you use it where a debit pad is already on the counter. Yeah, I guess there's enough demand now that you can just make an individual reservation. Back in the day they wanted to have a significant group to make it worth the guide's time. ...if you held the shares past the 20 minute cancellation window, right? Okay, I'm missing something. I buy at 0.01, then sell at 40.00 during the window. My buy and sell transactions both get cancelled, so how am I out anything? I can see the guy on the other end of the sell transaction getting screwed, but what happens to me? I can see what you mean if I bought at 0.01 to cover a short, but I'm looking at a simple position. Yeah, I'm not really understanding the anger over this just yet. What is an "output" on a TV? You mean like an HDMI passthrough? So we're getting mad that we can't attach a second monitor to a monitor display a first-run Hollywood film? Okay, so when I read a headline like this (consumerist.com) MPAA Asks FCC For Control Of Your TV's Analog Outputs That means nothing. Can we get the terminology correct before we begin? I could see a file called "secret_accounts_dont_open.txt" being really attractive to my wife or son. Pass. Also I call bullshit on Ingenic XBurst. Ingenic won't release any public documentation on what these extra opcodes are or what they do. The internet and Digi-Key replaced RadioShack for me a long time ago. Digi-Key sells everything , and will let you buy in onesies and twosies without screwing you on the price. Maybe Monoprice for cables, but that's rare. The one time I needed a DB-9 gender changer in a hurry and paid freaking $20 for it was the day I decided I was done with RadioShack. You served a great purpose, dear friend, but times have changed. I still have my Pocket PC-1 for the memories. So you're probably too young to remember Heathkit, then. That's what separated the men from the boys. People want a winner and a loser. They also want to be on the winning side, whichever one that is. They'll argue and argue forever trying to convince everyone that they're right and you're wrong. Why isn't Digi-Key in the vendor list? That would help. Otherwise, very very nice site. Will use more often! There's a lot of comments from real pharmacists here: http://ask.metafilter.com/87356/What-takes-pharmacists-so-lo... Seriously, don't poke the yamhead. You'll be sorry. Why do we have to "kill" anything? Use whatever works for you and stop trying to convince everyone else you're king of the mountain. Sounds like Chandler all over again. "Hey gang! Let's build an Outlook killer!" I played last night on iterations=2 (default) and I got black portals as well. You realize each new account takes up a US-based telephone number, right? There's no number porting yet. This time around, Google can't just open up 10 million new accounts. I mean, they could , but it would cause chaos. Maybe the public finally realizes all these titans of the tech scene (going back to Gates, Jobs, Ellison, etc) are deep deep down just another bunch of cash-driven assholes like the rest of the business world. The media got swindled by putting them all on pedestals. (Wired, you're the latest guilty party by putting Zuck next to Gates on the cover). Time to knock a few down. Facebook claims 500 billion minutes a month is spent on their site. That's roughly a million man-years . I don't see a lot of civilization-advancing going on with Facebook, however. How does saying go? Pioneers get the arrows, settlers get the land. When you're married and have the feelings like the husband did in this story it will make a lot more sense. Having worked in the slot machine biz, I can tell you that a good number of slot machines are set up to create the "near miss" situation a lot more often than is statistically possible. And it comes down to the granddaddy of modern slot math: the IGT/Telnaes patent (US 4,448,419). The idea is simple: if you have three reels on a machine with 11 symbols and 11 blanks in between those symbols, there are only 10,648 outcomes (22 x 22 x 22) when there is an equal chance of stopping somewhere on a reel (local gaming laws usually dictate this to be "fair" to the player). Assuming one combination is the "jackpot" position, that still only means you can pay out less than 10,648 times what you got in...if you want to stay profitable. Telnaes proposed a radical change: let's make the reels virtual , which a much higher number of stops per reel (say, 1000). Then let's map those positions to spots on the physical reel. Voila! Now you have a billion possible outcomes. You can award higher jackpots. The gaming board is happy since the virtual reels are still evenly spaced. The gaming companies eventually realized those mappings don't need to be equally spaced to be legal. So now every one of those losing outcomes can be mapped to BAR-BAR-space, if you want. Oooooh, so close. You almost had it. But in reality, you were miles away. "Man Cave" is married-folk slang for "some personal space where I don't mess with your stuff." Have a gaming rig on a table that your wife can't go near? That's a man cave. How about a car project in the garage? Fishing boat out back? Electronics bench full of parts and tools? How many kids with that SSN will pop up in a decade or so? "...but let's not draw any conclusions yet". I'm with you. I'm about to put a healthy bet on GLL (2x short ETF). You ever getting the feeling we never learn from all of these bubbles? I see people on every street corner dressed in pimp suits waiving signs to sell my gold at an abandoned gas station. I see people on blogs telling me gold can't lose it's value like the US dollar can. This guy cracked me up: And sometimes not, but nobody has ever gone hungry that had a safe full of gold when there were riots in the streets (like in Greece now) due to the debasement of the national currency. Dude, if you have a safe full of gold, you also probably have enough other resources to ride out whatever instability is happening. Gold is a metal. It's not a currency. It's worth about $450 an ounce at the moment. If you want to survive the apocalypse, stock up on oil or corn. It costs about $450 an ounce to pull out of the ground and refine. Any price above that is artificial. I'm watching the live stream in bits and pieces. What is the "input device", exactly? A wireless mouse? That's gonna be a real pain to use. So the input controller is a $300 device with a $70/month use fee? No, I fully understand the use of an Android phone as a controller. I consider it an option that 10% of the user base will use. I'll rephrase the question: what input device am I supposed to hand to my mother-in-law? A wireless mouse? A gyro-pointer? A mega-keyboard with a teensy little trackpad on it? And she's supposed to focus this little 32x32 cursor on the correct place on the screen? I give Google some slack for trying to be different than Apple in this respect but man, you're so right. Maybe it's the democratic way of Google having each manager demo the feature they're responsible for. But it felt like at one point the techno music wouldn't stop as people shuffled in and out of the stage. Did we really need the music bringing all the CEOs out? It just got silly at that point. And was it me or did Vic come off like a douchebag during this second keynote? I'll just call her from my flying car. Seriously, this is a clear example where Apple thinks things out a little better. We're now heading into an indefinite period of "OMG GOOGLE TV PWNS APPLE TV"...but Apple at least took the time to think out their answer before presenting it. That's pretty hot. WASD controls Ms. Pac. I bought a T-Mobile prepaid phone at Target for $20, and put the SIM into an iPhone 2G that I got for cheap. Works great for calls and SMS. You even get some limited websites through TMO's portal, like CNN, ESPN, and Traffic.com. Nokia switched tracks, abandoning Symbian for the smartphones and putting their chips on Meego embedded Linux and Qt for the UI. There's a huge effort to make Qt into a higher level framework that can be used like Cocoa Touch or the Android UI elements. The Qt Declarative/Quick stuff is being advanced as quickly as they can work, but after working with the latest stuff they have a ways to go. I have a hunch Nokia thinks they'll be able to quickly catch up. This article showed up online the same day the magazine arrived in my mailbox. So I read it online, since I was busy at the computer doing other things. So, Wired, why exactly do I need the print version if you're putting everything online at the same time? What do you tell your advertising clients? Intelligently growing up with a generation, or just trying to stay ahead of plain 'ol American competition? McDonalds got it's kickstart because it was cheaper and faster (self-service) than drive-ins. Happy Meals kept parents from choosing other burger chains. Salads and low-carb choices came in response to dieting trends. Coffee was upgraded to avoid losing breakfast business to Starbucks. But I'd wager none of these innovations would have come as quickly if there wasn't a business threat to the company. No, it's not bad to do at all. Never tried to imply that. But let's not give credit to "vision" and "foresight" when in reality it's just a company trying to keep up with the world as it changes. One of the biggest gotchas I found was that launchd bails if the process takes less than 60 seconds to run. Putting a "sleep 60" at the tail of the script fixed a lot of problems for me. At first I was kind of upset that this condition was there, but in retrospect it might have been a very wise design choice to stop runaway triggers. I haven't updated my source tree in a long time, but the ARM devices were using bionic/libc/arch-arm/bionic/memset.S. This is pure ARM assembly optimized for the pipeline and cache. My ARM assembly is a little rusty, but it looks like they implement memset and bzero, the latter just calling memset with R1=0. Well, I didn't say it was perfect . =) This is an interesting set of articles, given the renewed interest in 8-bit arcade games recently (cough cough PAC MAN). Ignore the non-arcade stuff: http://www.donhodges.com/archive.htm This all looks like child's play now, but 30 years ago this was cutting edge engineering. These arcade board sets generated pretty great games for the era without framebuffers (RAM was hellishly expensive), high-speed CPUs, or a lot of other conveniences we take for granted today. There's some other unsubstantiated stories that Schlumberger pulled their guys off the rig just before it blew up: http://adropofrain.net/2010/05/rumor-schlumberger-exits-deep... I'm sure this is a sensitive topic among ALL of BP's contractors. Nobody is going to be verifying any of this until Congress in investigating. I've been looking, but there has to be a list of who was on the platform (survivors and deceased) when it exploded. EDIT: There are links that confirm SLB folk were off the rig, but SLB isn't saying it was any kind of emergency evacuation at this point. It was a "scheduled flight". Clearwire is claiming half a million subscribers and says they'll hit 120 million POPs by the end of 2010. Why do you say it's a dead end? " In fact, the intention to mislead competitors is really the only effective reason for a commercial entity to publicly release concept products. " http://counternotions.com/2008/08/12/concept-products/ How about development boards that don't cost $1,000? I'm talking to you, TI. People are having fun with OMAP 3430s, but only because BeagleBoard is $150. But $999 for a Sitara EDK? Forget it. Hard? Sometimes it's impossible. Some of the Dell batteries I've tried to fix have the plastic edges sonically welded together. They're melted together. You're not going to be able to pry this open by any shot, you're going to have to cut. It's not going to look pretty when it's over. Great tweet I found from Cabel Sasser (via @davehayden) "Gizmodo not invited to the WWDC keynote, and wants liveblogging help? What, they can't just "find" a WWDC badge in a bar?" Agreed, but it sounds lazy. How hard is it to check the work chronology and just bong any resume that doesn't look like it would be anywhere near a good fit? It's not like H/R people are overworked filling hundreds of positions in their companies at the moment. Jobs (forcibly?) took over the Mac project from Raskin, and Raskin took a leave of absence from Apple in 1981. I'm guessing Raskin wasn't on Steve's mind at the launch. I'm an ex-MCD, and we never did fries (or hash browns) in the fish or apple pie vats because the taste would carry over. You don't want fishy-tasting fries. My guess is that it will improve the response of the compass. Really handy for navigation. So the wifi is saturated because there are 500 people streaming photos and tweets from the hall. C'mon. Can't Apple just live stream these keynotes from here on out? Everyone on all sides knows these announcements are in the public sphere 250 milliseconds after Steve says it. For being so controlling of their media message, why let the bloggers run the final leg? But the media outlets that really matter to Apple (Newsweek or WSJ/Mossberg for example) get access way before the launch so they can write their articles. Here's a steel bottle getting sucked in http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7g5UVrOt2CI I think this story actually dovetails with the "Mac is done" story: http://www.newsweek.com/blogs/techtonic-shifts/2010/06/08/do... It's been posited that Apple and Google understand the cloud, and are moving as fast as they can to get EVERYTHING into this mode as quickly as they can. From all indications, Microsoft is going to be too far behind when the tipping point happens. Thoughts? You have to wonder who will be the first to put the Dalvik VM on a chip. Yeah, I know it's been tried with Java before. Bing! Imagination Technologies makes the PowerVR graphic accelerator used in some of the ARM-based SoCs like OMAP (and allegedly the Apple A4). Heh, I hear ya. I was referring to JavaChip specifically. I'm just wondering as the Android footprint grows if this could be an evolutionary step. It's also been rumoured that Apple could buy out ARM Holdings. Register is reporting that Foxconn is moving to close ALL of their Chinese factories in a "restructuring" move and relocate them elsewhere in Asia. Displacing 800,000 workers and moving entire assembly lines? Sounds a little more drastic than restructuring. Wonder if it's related... What about the platform itself? An explosion and fire is one thing, but is that enough to sink the platform and cause the pipe to snap? Is it normal procedure to flood the platform with water when there's a fire? Can enough water sprayed on a platform make it capsize? I guess if the blowout preventer fails, there's no other choice to put out the fire. Who oversaw the recovery mission after the explosion? Yeah, I've seen the fire. If you can't tame it like a land-based well blowout and let it burn, how does it sink the platform? The fire's hot enough to melt the metal and lose water-tightness? Why not let it burn while trying to figure out how to clinch the pipe from below? My dad's first job was in a shoe store with one of these scopes. He told me stories about how his coworkers would fool around with the machines during the slow periods. Many of them lost their toes or entire parts of their feet years later. I was actually surprised by the 1970 ball. I grew up thinking that the 1970 design was the design that's always been there. So how did this design become the synonym for "soccer/football" while the others have not? As a lifetime embedded engineer I have to agree with most of the points here. The lack of new engineers learning this stuff is both encouraging and distressing from my POV, of course. I like knowing there's job security in the future. However, that also means there are a lot of EE/CS/CE kids not learning any of this stuff. A few years ago I was going through a technical interview and the manager asked me "what's the easiest way to multiply a number by 8" and I instantly said "shift left 3" without thinking. He paused and said "everyone else I've ever interviewed for this job needed 20 minutes to get to that answer". The first sponsored ball angle makes a lot of sense. The game is not early, it's almost over. Why? Because the O/S is just a hardware abstraction layer now. Android comes right out and says it. Linux is the HAL. Apple is a little more coy about it ("oh, it's OSX underneath"), but then again what's with the renaming the of O/S to iOS4? What does that fortell? All said, it doesn't matter anymore. Android could be ported to OSX tomorrow, and iPhone can run on Linux if it wanted. It's the application layer that matters now. Microsoft and Nokia are scrambling to catch up, but there's either nothing there (Nokia/Meego), or something that's not compelling enough (Windows Phone) for developers to care about. The moment you treat teens as inferior customers, you've lost. They're more adept at this stuff than we are, and adopt winning technologies faster. They only adopted Sidekick because it was an easier phone for text messaging than the others. Selling Kin to a generation that's now used to the iPhone and Android is throwing money down a hole. iPhone and Android are consumption devices? Phone calls, tweets/twitpics, facebook posts, camera and movie capture, movie editing, audio recording, skype, video chat, geolocation capture, and augmented video are all examples of things people are using right now on these devices. None of them are consumption apps. They generate content. I'm sure it will go to the Afghan people, but guess who gets to jump to the front of the line to buy it.... iFart? My category is called "We Think Too Hard" You might want to look into a cheap plan from a paid provider like Vocalocity. We're using them at the moment and it's pretty solid. Hasn't the MSP430 been out for a while? I recall a devkit that used a USB dongle with the chip mounted on it for around $20. I know this chip has some traction in low-cost microcontroller work like utility meters, but why try to get this into the Arduino space? The GM seed is much better than some of the betas, but that's not saying much. Beta 3 on the 3G was especially bad. But all in all I think the overhead of all these new features are slowly overwhelming the 3G. The only thing really worth it is mail threading. I talked to someone who was at Motorola when the Kin was out for hardware bid. They repeatedly asked what the strategy was, why was a separate O/S needed, and eventually turned it down. I believe Panasonic eventually got the bid, but pretty much stole Motorola's design according to my friend. JWZ wants his HTML style sheet back. Ow, my eyes.... I was on a VT100 when you were in diapers, sonny boy. And I'm sick and tired of green on black. We can do better now. Now get off my lawn! I'm guessing it's more than "several hundred dollars" if the guy signed a two-year contact. He's stuck with this phone for two years . I'm sure it's a lot easier to have "fun" at work when you have a money-printing machine in the basement and you have time to play and experiment with new things. If Google wasn't insanely profitable right now, I bet it would be a lot more stressful environment. There's an old book from 1980 called "The Book of Predictions" that I used to keep around for the same reasons. The book is pretty much whack now, but it looks like others are in a similar boat: http://www.vanityfair.com/online/daily/2008/06/the-book-of-p... "The angle of the spring's depression causes the bottom of the spring to push a tiny hammer down which actuates a membrane inside the keyboard chassis at the same time the spring buckles, causing a keystroke to be registered." I thought the M used capacitive technology to register the stroke, which was one of the keys to it's durability. The one I took apart 10 years ago had no domes. Membranes just can't hold up like that. Do you think the lack of drivers and external support for things like the SVideo is a TI deficiency, or a linux community problem in general? I'm trying to decide between i.MX51 and OMAP3/AM37 for an upcoming project and it seems like the level of support from TI or Freescale is going to be the only thing making a difference in the decision...the chips are just too similar in functionality. Hey, give 'em a break. He's probably too young to have ever seen a real arcade game. True, it would be nice if the SDK was complete on first silicon. But that never seems to be the case. And if there is code to demo a feature, it's probably a hack. I loved MD Throwback too. It tasted a lot "cleaner" to me, not as syrupy. I wish Coke would bring the European formulation of Orange Fanta to the US. Much lighter, cleaner, tastes great, and isn't this dense syrupy mess that we get with Fanta or Sunkist here. I think euroFanta also has juice in it like Orangina. Probably explains why it's just cheaper to use HFCS here. The ad in this weekend's Bed Bath and Beyond flyer for the Novel didn't call it a hacker machine. I should call and complain. Pandigital stuff also tends to end up at Kohl's, which always has double or triple discounts in play at certain times, especially if you have their charge card. Last night I was just playing around with the scrolling on Safari on iPhone. In fact, I was on Hacker News. Placed my finger on an item, wiped up and down as fast as I could without lifting my finger, and after 30 seconds my finger was still pointing to the same item. I think the touchscreen tracking has to be the one core thing that makes the iPhone/iPad experience so enjoyable. The moment you get lag in that area, everything else falls apart. I'm amazed at how surgically they're hitting some of the bigger names in the social net to keep the hits going. Hell, they even got MrBabyMan from Digg. That's good work. You might be onto part of that, since 4.1 went into beta this afternoon. Well, two years too late but they're finally replacing all of those defective Time Capsules... http://support.apple.com/kb/TS3351 It may have been a stupid idea, but Axe got hundreds of thousands of prepubescent teenagers using deodorant... their deodorant. And men tend to stick with a brand once they are comfortable with it. Okay. We get it. For chrissakes, Motorola itself said "go buy something else if you want to hack Android". What else do you want? What do you mean by longevity? The ability to reflash phones with the newest releases long after the hardware can't support them? C'mon, everyone jumps to the next shiny thing every 6 months or whenever their contract expires, especially the hackers. What you mean by "ease of repair"? How is the ROM getting busted up that you need to reflash the phone? We're talking about the boot code here, that's all. They didn't embed C4 or toxic nerve gases inside the case if you want to fix Junior's phone years from now. In all likelihood, Junior is going to throw the phone away and get an ad-subsidized Droid 7 for free. Let's face it, all of this hardware is disposable now. Ask your local VCR repairman. I set up @macrefurb on twitter to do the same thing a while back. Not as sophisticated, but it kinda works. Well geez, let's put a 1971 VW Bug next to a 2010 Toyota Prius by this example. I don't get how the NES was designed for "maintainability" or "longevity" while the XBox was not. They're both disposable consumer products . I wired two websites together, iirc. One was http://refurb-tracker.com/ which puts out an RSS feed of changes to the Apple Store refurbished area. I set up a feed to just watch Mac stuff (no iPods or etc). The second part was some site that fed RSS to Twitter. Hell if I can remember where it is now. This twitter account keeps gaining members and I can't change it anymore. It'll probably outlive my other account on twitter. Stupid me, should have looked at the actual tweets. I used twitterfeed to push the RSS into Twitter. I forsee a Half-Life 2 mod consisting solely of people shooting dinner plates through glass windows. If you watch the Apple Store carefully you can snag a refurbished core 2 duo mini for $499 or so. Full warranty. I've never had a problem with Apple refurb stuff. You plan to ask for a refund? Nobody asked or paid 500 million users to put their entire lives online. He did make a cast, so it's a lot easier from this point (except for the electronics I guess). The guy even mentioned this was an on/off project for 17 months, and it also looked like a lot of trial and error in the beginning to get the shape right. A dedicated modeller with a stereolith machine could slam that out a lot quicker. But if you signed a 2 year contract to get that iPhone 4, how does it hurt AT&T? You're free to put another SIM in that phone after jailbreaking, but the bill will still come every month. Having recently bid on a project for a notorious government agency (cough cough POSTAL SERVICE) you can be assured that your work has to be done and submitted before the deadline and not a millisecond later... but they can take their own sweet millenium in getting back to you (if ever). That's just the way it works. FTA: "Although more foods today are supplemented with vitamin D, experts say it is rarely possible to consume adequate amounts through foods." If you take it off the broadcast net, doesn't that eliminate the whole "American Idol" aspect of the idea where people watch together and then vote? If you make it homework ("watch every one of these shows by friday!"), you've lost the public. Does python runtime have a native interface like JNI? Android was quickly leveraging a lot of C and C++ code to get the system up and running. Using Java's JNI may have helped bootstrap that process faster. Did you read the article? "What if a network devoted one week, maybe in early summertime, to airing all its pilots for the fall season, with viewers voting on their favorites? You turn your otherwise failed pilots into content for a weeklong American Idol-style competition" Lifehacker had a tip that's working for me. Turn off spotlight searching. Settings->General->Home button->spotlight/search. Uncheck everything, then do a hard reset (home+lock for 10 sec). Same here. We've had a private channel running for over a decade now and as people move to new jobs and shuffle around, the channel is always home. We've even built a bot to capture URLs and tweet them to a private handle so people can check out sites after work or while away from the channel. To the person asking if IRC is distracting, it's a LOT less distracting than the hipster that sits next to me and is constantly checking his smartphone every time an SMS comes in. Pavlov would roll over in his grave. Comic Chat. We wouldn't have Jerkcity without it. (Tangentially, we also got the Comic Sans font about the same time, so I guess that cancels out the good stuff.) There was a hullabaloo last week with the premiere of Season 4. Arial was suspected as a culprit, thankfully someone tracked down the new SCDP logo and sure enough it's accurate: (If you aren't spoiler free on seasons 1 through 3, don't look) http://burndownblog.wordpress.com/2010/07/26/mad-men-font-fa... Michael Lopp of Apple tends to confirm that statement on a recent tweet: "Apple is run like a huge startup that makes 15 billion a quarter and has, ya'know, a strategy." One thing that's always piqued my curiosity is the old handwriting seen in these photos. Look at #6 and #30. You see a lot of this style of handwriting pre-WWII, then it disappears. What changed? "Since Google Apps customers can already sign in to their accounts at the same time as their personal Google Accounts, we won’t be adding this new feature to Google Apps until the new infrastructure is in place." I really really wish paying Apps customers got a little more priority than this. It's becoming a habit. I wish that was the case, but even things that have been fully announced (like Docs permission settings) aren't live on Apps to this day. Have you ever prepared an estimate for a project with any unknowns? Can you make sure that plane on the blueprint can be successfully manufactured? Can your vendors deliver on time? Where are your vendor quotes? Are they all on time? Having done quotes for a government agency, they always ask for you to do these estimates in half the normal time, but then take four times as long to get back to you with an answer. And really, the quote was at the door of the base before the deadline. Do you really need to have it on a certain desk 500 yards away from the front door to be considered in? That's just being pedantic at that point. This last quote I worked on required the proposal to be uploaded to the agency's fancy new web server. Efficient and technologically savvy, right? Wrong. Every vendor tried to upload their 2GB proposal to the server about 15 minutes before the deadline, crashing their server in the process. Thankfully no vendor got a quote in on time, so the deadline was extended three hours to let uploading finish. But I'm guessing if one or two got completed and the rest were still in HTTP limbo, they would have let those vendors fail. You mean like this one? http://www.testfreaks.com/blog/review/black-and-decker-power... Aside from the available ones that track the spin of electrical meters or grab data from the optical port. This is the first one I've seen for a gas meter though. Clever hack. Although my gas meter uses the old dials with needles, the same kind of optosenor hack could work there too. You're not up to speed on the whole WiMax thing, are you? Pens don't have that same gritty resistance on paper like a pencil. And although most don't do this, you can buy pencils in varying degrees of "hardness" beyond the #2 you've been using since grade school. Getting more common every day. Clearwire is covering 1/3 of the population now and offers a small hotspot device. http://jkontherun.com/2010/08/04/clear-ispot-4g-hotspot-for-... http://gizmodo.com/5192430/review-clear-spot-portable-wimax-... You know, I took a mechanical drawing class and I loved it. Wasn't required for my CS curriculum, but just playing with the tools and making these precise drawings was a joy. They eventually switched that class to AutoCAD only. Pity. Todd Rundgren writes a lot of his own stuff. He's been coding since the Apple ][ days and even sold a graphics package for the early drawing tablets: http://www.edibleapple.com/the-first-apple-tablet-from-1979/ Personally I think Rundgren is an acquired taste, like Zappa. But give it a shot. He's also produced some amazing albums for other groups (XTC's Skylarking being my favorite). Are you consulting on the side while married with a kid? Family starts to take up a significant amount of your time once you have kids. Sure, you can be the dad-thats-never-home, but is that why you had a family in the first place? I'm just saying that the equation becomes a lot more complex at this point. I do the kitchen-table-coding-marathon as well, but how do you get any consulting work if the only time you're available is 8pm-2am? Rentacoder? Remember back during the Bush II era when we all thought we could put all that Social Security money into the stock market? Didn't we all have fun back then? I was referring more to the boom in 2000 when we thought the stock market could do no wrong, and we were all stupid for putting our savings into things like money market accounts when the Dow was outperforming everything in sight. Right. Because those stagnant wages and exploding health care costs have freed up all that extra money for the middle-class worker. I'm sorry, how many raises have you had in the past five years? Keep the personal debt out of the equation for now. The fact remains that while inflation is "under control", it's not zero. And the costs of other necessary things (esp energy and healthcare) have continued to rise well beyond the "under control" range. $1,000 down and $50/month? Wow! I know a couple of cancer patients that would love that plan. Maybe after they're gone, their families can keep up those payments instead of being bankrupted like they are now. The Bush comment wasn't to criticize the president, just distinguish it from the Clinton-era proposal that said the same thing but didn't capture the public debate like the proposal in 2001-2002 did. Anoto is pretty damned cool and I've been tracking the products for a while. LeapFrog has 4-5 products using the tech now (the Tag family) and has cost reduced it significantly. I guess Microsoft even considered it a threat to the point where they announced their own product as one of their amazing R&D discoveries, but quickly dropped any discussion of it. Would you settle for a picture of Glen? Nice. Now that we have that solved, let's investigate why every iPod/iPhone case costs $30 even if it's made out of dryer lint. But exactly what are people doing in Dubai? What holds up the economy? Is there manufacturing? R&D? A healthy financial district? It seems like it was all built for "something" to show up, and it never did. So everyone is just busy hustling each other. A city full of nightclub owners.