Thanks for your kind words. In reality I was somewhat headed in that direction. I started a tech business out of my garage about 12 years ago. Self funded. A manufacturing business. Based out of the US. Tough and capital intensive. After moving out of the garage I grew it to the point of having, under one roof, just about anything you'd need to design and manufacture quite a range of products: EDA tools, lab, prototyping equipment, fully-stocked Haas CNC shop, etc. Then 2008 happened. Long story short, we were not ready for the financial test that the economic downturn brought forth. After twelve long years of hard work the business went under. So, yes, I am basically broke. The problem with launching a robotics business is that it is very capital intensive. And, if it happens to be about humanoid robotics the potential for revenue is fairly limited. Most real humanoid robotics is still in the research domain. I don't know if I am interested in making toys. Maybe I should consider it. Still, making physical products is capital intensive and there's a very long delay between investment and revenue generation. Unless doing something relatively trivial the runway required is orders of magnitude greater than for, say, an Internet startup. My guess is that there is no way to get into humanoid robotics research without a degree. Even if one wanted to explore SBIR funding opportunities you need the legitimacy that degrees provide. I don't know everything. In fact, I am keenly aware of just how much I don't know. However, constant learning is a way of life for an engineer. And that's exactly what I've been doing my whole life. This, for me, seems to be one of those "if you can't beat them, join them" moments. University of Illinois keeps coming up as a good option. Frankly, I am not sure about some of the "easy" programs out there. For example, there's a BS in CS program out of the University of Atlanta that costs $12K for the entire program. A superficial look of at the program gives me the idea that it might just be a waste of money. For reference, UofI cost about four times that much. Nah. Apple should turbocharge education. Education is not free and it certainly isn't open. You pay for it with your taxes; the government decides what goes in the books and curriculum and unions don't let us create a competitive marketplace where bad teachers evaporate from the radar and truly good teachers compete and make two or three times the money they make today while providing a better education. Much like anything that government touches, the system is a mess and our competitors are eating us alive. I'll check them out. Thanks. This is all bad karma for Google. At some point they'll do this to the wrong person and, when that happens, I do hope that they pay the price in mega-bucks. This is no way to treat decent and honest partners. It is, without a doubt, being evil. I experienced another surreal variant of this a few years ago. We had some 200 domains in GoDaddy's "Cash Parking" program. They were there for probably a year when someone made the observation that the ads on these parked domains were all served by Google. Google, at the time, offered something called "AdSense for Domains". We decided to switch all domains to Google's domain parking program and cut out GoDaddy. No delusions here, neither service was going to make any money but it seemed a better idea to let parked domains host relevant ads without unpaid GoDaddy ads. Now, to be clear, when you make this switch Google controls the content on the domains and, of course, they own search. All went well. The domains started to show ads as expected. Then, out of nowhere, Goggle kills our account. No recourse. No intelligent conversations. A totalitarian and decidedly-evil "we are done" of sorts. Not one person from the office clicked on any ads. Far too busy making real money to do crap like that. Several of the domains we parked belonged to clients for whom legitimate sites were being created. Google's actions were brutally violent. There's almost no other way to describe it. Being that they are a de-facto monopoly I would imagine that a time might come when they migh lock horns with exactly the wrong person or entity and end-up on the receiving end of congressional action or some such thing. I really do hope this happens and that they suffer serious damage because of it. It is so ironic and frustrating to come across site after site with crap content full of Google ads and, on the other hand, to see honest site operators being punished by having an important source of revenue cut-off like that. I love many of Google's products but AdSense and AdWords' management, policies and their brutal handling of honest users who add nothing but value is nothing less than evil. Absolutely agreed. That said, Google offered this "AdSense for Domains" and we used it. As a reward for doing so they killed our account. Unbelievable! The bigger question in my mind is: Why use the Apple authoring tool in the first place? Writing a book is a lot of work. It is a huge investment in time and money. I would think that it would be far smarter to author it using a tool that allows output in a myriad of formats. And, yes, one of those formats could be ibook, but not the only one. Pink Floyd Mozart Bach These people need to be found and they need to go to jail for a very, very long time. The best possible response from the hacker community is to help dig these people out of their caves and turn them in. Why? Because this represents yet one more step towards the criminalization of the Internet. And this provides yet more fuel for politicians to get behind nonsense like SOPA. Keep this up and the Internet as you know it today will not be for long. There is no possible good outcome from these kinds of actions. Either we police our own ranks or they will do it for us. The difference is that politicians will use a sledge-hammer for surgery rather than a scalpel. Be the scalpel. Brought to you by: https://path.com/team Their collective decision making has proven to be a huge liability. Would you hire them for your next venture? A 14 year old girl could tell you that her address book is private, private, private! I find the downvotes interesting. It seems that some in the HN community are OK with crime and intellectual property theft. Sad. That doesn't make it right. Privacy is privacy. What happens when their servers get hacked and all of that info is out in the open? This ranks way up there with storing passwords in plain text. OK, sure, the entire team isn't at fault, but one or a few people are. I would not want those people making decisions that could take down my business. No way. Downvotes me all you want. The fact remains that, if you asked a teenage girl if it would be OK to grab her address book without consent it is very clear what kind of an answer you'd get. Why is it that a bunch of smart adults think that they can get away with it then? The apology is bullshit. They knew what they were doing and got caught. As far as only HN caring, I'll bet that users of this app would disagree with you on that point. How many people do you know that are OK with a company of strangers secretly downloading their private data onto their servers? This, in my opinion, is a very serious transgression. Next: Zynga! Please. Restore balance to the force! The way Google deals with AdWords and AdSense, shall we say, quality evaluation and banning is broken. The process looks totalitarian and brutal on the receiving end. The potential to get banned forever isn't conducive to learning and is simply too risky to even consider as a source of income. I for one insists that people ignore AdSense and try to generate revenue through other means. There's nothing worst than a bully cutting off your revenue stream without recourse. I do understand that they are faced with gobs and gobs of fraud and scam-artists. I get it. However, if the problem is so large that they must hurt honest people on a regular basis in order to deal with the bad guys I think they are in over their heads. It might be far smarter to have an open process where Google throttles down your account until you fix problems. And, yes, they'd have to tell you what is wrong so you can address it. Some might argue that this will simply give scam-artists and abusers more insight into how to game the system. Another way to look at it is that, if honest people follow the guidelines those gaming the system will become far more visible and, Google would be able to focus on new mutations of the bad-guy gene to stomp them out. In other words, tell me what I am doing wrong and restrict my account to n ads per day/week/month for three months until I fix x,y,z. Don't hit me over the head with a sledge hammer and wave good-bye forever. >the more likely truth is that the Path folk genuinely saw nothing wrong with what they were doing A child would know that this was wrong. It's that simple. Apply those questions to companies such as Google, Facebook, eBay, Amazon, etc. and you'll reveal the futility of using three simple questions (or a dozen) to judge the value of a startup or an idea. When doing this you have to mentally rewind to the period in time when they were founded and let go of the knowledge you have about the environment as it exists today. I think there's only one way: Startup: Build -> Measure -> Adjust -> Iterate. Failure: Pivot -> Try again. Attitude: Never give up. When you succeed, write a really insightful blog post telling everyone how just three questions gave you the formula to create your instant success. Good step in the right direction. However, you are going to work just as hard, if not harder, than a local student and not get credit that can be used towards a proper university degree. I understand that this is an experiment. I get it. But, maybe MIT could offer the option to pass the actual course with full credit by examination once a student gets a passing grade on the MITx course? It just seems like a lot of work for a certificate that might not carry much, if any, real weight. There are a good number of online degree programs where your work will actually go towards a degree. The model I'd love to see goes something like this: Enroll in MITx. Study on your own. Pass. Then, on an annual basis, there's an opportunity to come to MIT, take a test, do some labs and get credit and grade on the real class towards a degree. People from all over the world would be open to that approach. Now, if all you want is the knowledge while participating in a really neat experiment, by all means, full steam ahead. "Never give up" doesn't mean that you stay with a failed idea or business. It means that failure doesn't take you down. You learn from the failure and move on. The vast majority of entrepreneurs fail far more often than succeed. My question would be about SEO. Don't you run the risk of making a site that looks like a single (or just a few) pages regardless of how deep your content might be? There's a far more fundamental problem in the US: The system and methods of government have degenerated to the point of not producing anything of value. A visitor from another planet would probably laugh hysterically at how ridiculous the whole thing looks like from the outside. Is this what the Roman Empire looked like? My attempt to be culturally neutral. You can always blame Martians and nobody will get upset. Time for GoDaddy to go out of business. I'll do my small part. I have over 200 domains registered with them as well as a couple servers (to play with, not for anything important). I'll start to transfer everything as soon as I identify a registrar that won't fuck over their clients like this. Any registrar care to make a statement of loyalty here on HN so we know that you have our backs? I am really starting to think that a coalition of large internet companies needs to stage a full and real shutdown. I am talking about something substantial, like a full day. This would send a strong message home to idiots running this country. This could be advertised and announced on a daily basis over the Internet and TV for a full month. Then, on that Monday morning, all services go quiet for a day while displaying an appropriate announcement on their sites. If the event is well communicated to all users this should protect all involved from legal action. If you've been told about it every day for thirty days that should pretty much cover it. Due process should apply to everything. We want due process. Sites that engage in criminal behavior are one thing, but, when the government is the criminal you are dealing with something entirely different. Time to make noise again? Frankly, cost and a call from a GoDaddy rep. I decided to hang tight and see how it played out. Mission accomplished. Now it's just a matter of deciding where to go. I have zero interest in playing musical registrars. Are they doing any deals for transferring hundreds of domains? It seems clearer than ever that, if we allow them to, our politicians are intent on destroying the Internet as we know it. Pretty ironic coming from the country that gave it birth. Raise your hand if you want the product liability exposure caused by your code potentially having 1% (or whatever) errors in calculations. Is this the reason for the downvote? First, I'd ask you to name, say, 1,000 applications where this would be acceptable. Games might be an obvious one. OK, what else? Because, you see, without a significant ecosystems of applications that can tolerate these kinds of errors the business case to fire-up a foundry and make chips just can't be made. Military? I don't know. You can justify even the most ridiculous things under the cover of military spending. I would venture to say that the vast majority of the applications that can deal with a 1% error will work just fine using integer math which, if done correctly, can be far more accurate as someone else pointed out. And, I would further venture to say that they already use integer math. In other word, in the context of the vast majority of applications this is not a problem needing a solution. I've done lots of analog circuit designs (yes, analog...scary) where you creatively make use of the physics of the junctions to produce various non-linear transfer functions. It works well and can produce amazingly compact circuits that do what would require lots of digital circuitry. The errors, potential thermal drift and process variations can kill you though. To give it a different spin, an FPU required an external chip 20 or 30 years ago. Today you have processors smaller than a fingernail running a multi-GHz with pipelined FPU's. My vote is for further development in the direction of faster and more accurate FP calculations rather than faster and less accurate (and full of other liabilities) FPU's. An FPGA can't compete with a dedicated chip. The additional hardware switches and routing layers needed to make an FPGA programmable means that there's a limit to how fast it can go and how much logic you can pack per square millimeter. What you can do is use an FPGA to validate the design and then convert it to an ASIC if the market can justify the costs involved. Sure. Makes sense. The question really is about whether or not some of these applications can tolerate errors in the order of 1%. I contend that those application are few and far between, particularly in this day and age. People don't want to go backwards. For example, I can do photorealistic rendering of mechanical models from Solidworks. A 1% error in the output of these calculations would not be acceptable. The quality of the images would not be the same. Play with this in Photoshop and see what 1 1% error means to images. I would have zero interest in a graphics card that ran faster, used less power but offered a 1% error in calculations. That's an instant deal breaker. I can see the competitors' marketing: "Buy the other brand if you want 1% errors". Does a radiologist care about the processing of an MRI happening faster? Sure. Can he/she tolerate a 1% error in the resulting images? Probably not. He probably wants more detail and resolution rather than less. I wouldn't want him/her to be evaluating MRI's with a baked-in 1% error. I think it is ridiculous to think that this sort of thing is actually useful outside of a very narrow field within which errors would be OK. I'm still waiting for someone to rattle-off 100 to 1,000 applications where this would be actually acceptable. Without that it is nothing more than a fun lab experiment with lots of funding to burn but no real-world utility. Let's check in ten years and see where it's gone. This isn't just an Apple problem. There's a disturbing trend here. All of the dominant internet companies exhibit this kind of nonsensical "evil" behavior: Google, eBay, Apple and Paypal, to name the most salient examples. Way back when, Microsoft was openly painted by Apple (and the Apple cult followers) as being evil. Interestingly enough, Microsoft never sought to have this kind of a death grip on its users, at least not by force. And, I've never heard of MS killing-off someone's revenue stream like that. You buy their tools and develop for the platform. They don't have a say at all. That's the way it should be. Somehow a united front needs to be organized and presented to these companies in order for them to understand that they are causing serious damage. To say that, as entrepreneurs, businessmen and developers we don't want to see the tech landscape develop and evolve in this manner is probably an understatement. I wonder if CNBC might be interested in doing a documentary on the damage to small businesses and entrepreneurs done by the likes of Google, Apple, eBay and Paypal? That could be an interesting angle. Bad idea: Chrome is dangerous for the uninformed! It still has a pretty serious security hole: Passwords are visible in plain text. A quick trip into "Personal Stuff" and "Manage saved passwords..." is all you need in order to expose this info. I ran a quick test. Without straining much, you can click the "show" button on about 40 passwords in one minute. A quick Ctrl+P and the entire list is printed in plain text! It probably wouldn't take much longer than that to email it or transmit the plain text list via some other method. If you have three to five minutes on someone's workstation you can walk away with the login information for absolutely everything they've done through the browser, banking, social, email, whatever. What sucks is that people have been very vocal on the Chrome support forum about this particular issue and, well, they've been summarily ignored. Maybe I'm missing something fundamental here but I just can't understand why Google would leave this huge gaping hole in there. It can't be that hard to at least provide one more layer of security. You should not be able to see any passwords without a master password. I've looked at some of the arguments pointing out that this could provide a false sense of security. My point (and that made by countless others) is very simple: The way it works today a ten-year-old could steal all of your passwords inside of five minutes without even having to work very hard. A layer or two of security would make it so that a far more knowledgeable and seriously involved process (or spying software) would have to be utilized to steal your stuff. I vote for option #2. I use Chrome as my primary browser, but I am not a civil servant at a government office. I am keenly aware of the security hole. That said, I don't recommend it to family and friends because a non-techie will screw themselves in an instant with this browser. Imagine Uncle Pete taking his laptop to be serviced and having all of his personal login data fully exposed to the 17-year-old pimple-faced kid at the computer shop. Terrible stuff. Google: Please fix this before it becomes the source of embarrassment and huge personal loss to lots of people. I'd appreciate explanations for down-voting. I don't think the downvote is fair. Is any of what I said factually incorrect? How? HN can be really weird sometimes. How is it not a security hole? Does it not expose critical data with ease? Walking away from an unlocked machine isn't the only scenario that would expose personal login data this way. Also, my post refers to a more general use of Chrome. I would hope that a government installation might have several layers of security on top of any application in order to prevent these holes from being exploited. The "Uncle Pete" example is a very real and plausible scenario. The fact that nearly anything on a computer is hackable isn't the point either. I kind of draw the line at the stage where a precocious ten year old can steal your data while jumping on one foot and whistling the latest Lady Gaga song with one hand tied behind his back and one eye closed. If that doesn't define a security hole I don't know what would. Right, and the whole office scenario is even scarier than the "Uncle Pete at the computer shop" scenario. In non-techie offices --say, the doctor's office, dentist, the local real-estate shop, whatever-- people don't have a clue about security. And, they have even less of a clue about Chrome being so dangerous. Imagine everyone going out for lunch and leaving their computers unattended (and unlocked). Given that scenario, someone up to no good who stays behind with the express purpose of stealing personal data can have a treasure trove of information by the time everyone is back. And --again, this is my biggest point-- they don't have to be a hacker to do this. All they have to do is point and click and they got everyone's data (and the businesses data as well). It's about time that Google fix this so that it actually requires some skill and effort to steal your data. This is also one of the reasons none of my notebooks have Chrome. Imagine loosing it or having it stolen. With Chrome in "civilian" hands by the millions the sky could very well be falling. How many pieces of software on a typical computer hold information that, if it got into the wrong hands, could literally ruin somene's life? For the average Internet user the browser is the only answer. I can't understand why it is that it is wrong to demand at least enough access difficulty to frustrate a smart ten year old. Here's the other problem: Google, as far as I know, does not make the user aware of the potential exposure. This can't be good. Oh, OK. Wikileaks can't possibly get ahold of sensitive data, emails and memos then. Security is always bulletproof until it isn't. I agree with you but there's probably a big difference between your typical Linux user and "Uncle Pete" caricature. Up until browsers it is unlikely that a single piece of software on millions of computers held the keys to someone's entire personal and financial life. Sure, some --few-- people might have kept that data in unencrypted text files, but it is probably fair that this was ver, very rare. Today millions store access data to everything they do on the net, from financial to social, in their browsers. Is it too much to ask that browser makers take the stuff seriously and give the user the option to protect this data? Give the techies the option to turn it off if they wish. For uncle Pete it should be turned on by default. I think the right take-away is that, while, yes, there are mechanisms that give authorities the power to do this sort of thing the whole thing is self correcting. While technically possible, the Internet is much bigger than any one government. It'd be nearly impossible for any one organization to take it away without massive consequences that would naturally lead to a reversal and a substantial loss of power. I would imagine that the next step in Denmark is to put into place a means to prevent that from happening ever again. Therefore, the police (or whatever agengy) just lost power due to the (unintended) action they took. In the long run a dictator doesn't gain respect and power for abusing his people and authority, he actually looses most of it. Why isn't SO open-source? How do you feel about the many clones out there? The landscape is getting a little messy for app developers. Not saying this is bad. It's just a fact. Today you have to deliver .png, @2X.png and *~ipad.png image sets with your app. And, there is no off-the-shelf way to reuse @2X images with the iPad when in most cases they'll work just fine. You can, but it requires creative coding. Still, this results in app packages that are bloated with image assets in triplicate and now soon to add a fourth version. If you build a universal app it seems that even someone downloading your app onto an iPod Touch is going to end-up with @2X, ~ipad and ~ipad2X (or whatever) images that the app will never use. Maybe this is the beginning of the end of the universal app? To be expected with a political system that rewards pandering. A friend of mine says that in the aerospace industry they have a saying that goes something like: "Eventually you have to shoot the engineers and fly the damn thing" Maybe it is becoming clear that the age of the generalist government is over. In science and industry the age of the generalist ended a long time ago. While it was, at one time, possible for someone to know almost literally all that there was to be known, that didn't last too long. Specialization in various fields led to significant improvements and progress within those fields. Could it be that a new form of government needs to emerge in this model? One where policy on a specific subject area is handled by those better equipped to understand it and, more importantly, with a good degree of isolation from others? Wouldn't it be better if, say, education policy was crafted in total isolation from the political goals of any party, special interest group or unions? Or how about energy policy? I firmly believe the basic premise of the article to be true: Most voters don't understand what the hell they are voting on. They are easily swayed by a barrage of numbers and pretend-facts and probably vote on what sounds good or believable far more so than what might have merit based on facts. Take the arguments on manufacturing, for example. Everyone from the President on down to Congress and GOP candidates are talking about bringing manufacturing back. Both parties at all level do it. Now, there are two possibilities here: One, they know the truth and realize that the masses might not be able to handle the truth. Or, they actually don't understand what's going on. Manufacturing, folks, isn't coming back to the US or Europe in massive numbers any time soon, if ever. The standard of living of the average manufacturing worker would have to be reduced to revolution-inspiring levels for this to happen. Environmental and worker safety laws would have to trashed by the thousands. Virtually all labor unions would have to be dissolved. And more. The loss of manufacturing jobs has taken place over sixty years of making the wrong decisions. This did not happen overnight. And this cannot be fixed overnight, if ever. Just try to manufacture a consumer good in the US and see how far you get. Sure, there are outliers that might buck the trend, but, for the most part, its a done deal: Mass manufacturing of consumer goods in the US is dead. Anyhow, I believe that voters do tend to vote people into office for entirely the wrong reasons. From religious groups to unions and special interest sectors. All seek to place puppets in office that will protect and further their interests. Virtually none --due to the nature of their egocentric focus-- act with the long term interest of the country in mind. Not an easy problem to solve as it would require a nearly complete change in the form of government we have known for so long. The problem is that the US Constitution does not provide for a mechanism through which these kinds of changes could be made. The only way is for a massive and very disruptive revolution to take place. This is unlikely to happen unless things get so bad that people are compelled to "take up arms against their oppressor". And, this is highly undesirable as well because it would probably result in half a century of uncertainty and turmoil before reaching a new stable state. And this takes us full circle to an inevitable conclusion: As much as we might hate the fact that the lunatics are running the asylum, it is probably the best option we have. The job, then, is to try to be as creative as possible in bringing issues to the masses in order to make it easy to understand what can sometimes be very complex. The day we elect politicians that, for example, laugh at the idea of rejecting something like the theory of evolution will be the day that we'll know that we are on the right path. That's because you'll have people in office that will be smart enough to consider evidence rather than indoctrinated ideological drones. This is a big topic. if(ESPN_API.CommercialApplications == NOT_ALLOWED) { // Work for free to further ESPN brand // Can't make any money ESPN.GoPoundSand(TRUE); } else { // Now they are being realistic // We can all make some money ESPN.MaybeYouHaveADeal(TRUE); } Sounds good...if you are hiring 15-year olds. If someone asked me to write a "Hello world" program in an interview I'd get up and leave (or hang up the phone). It's an insult. This would be very clear sign that I was talking to the wrong people. A lot has to happen before a formal interview takes place. If you have to ask a guy (or gal) to write a "hello world" program it probably means that you have absolutely no clue who you are talking to and have done zero homework pre-interview. You know what I want to see? Bring your laptop to the interview. Let's connect it to a projector and take me through some code that you've written. Inside of 30 minutes I should know what kind of a programmer you are. In 60 minutes I probably have enough data to decode your DNA and tell you what you are going to die from. What the hell are you going to learn from printf("Hello world")? I'll add to that. I am far more interested in how a programmer thinks and how they might attack and evolve a problem. For example, let's say that they wrote some GA code. Show me the first version. Explain it. Then show me the evolution of the code and how (and why) you optimized it and what results you got. Tell me where you made mistakes and why. Tell me what you'd do differently next time. That sort of thing would tell me a lot more about someone than the procedure delineated in the article. I guess my point is that there has to be something wrong with the hiring process if 2 out of 20 applicants can't swap the values of two variables. Either that or there's something very seriously wrong with CS programs. How can someone walk into an interview with a degree and fail something like that? If the quality of candidates is that bad, then, OK, maybe I'm wrong about the "hello world" test. In my reality someone wouldn't even get an interview without evidence of prior non-trivial work. Hence my rejection of the "hello world" test. I also recognize that if you are hiring massive numbers of people you need to mechanize things a bit. I couldn't see sitting down with someone, their laptop and a projector for an hour under those circumstances. Thankfully that is not my world...at the moment. Really? http://www.google.com/search?q=cant+see+other+computers+on+t... That's fine if you have W7. I have somewhere between over 20 machines on the network, more at times. A mix of Mac and PC's running a number of OS's, including XP, Vista 64 and Linux (no W7). Windows (any version) is a constant source of headaches when it comes to access to other machines. We usually get it working, but it is always a bunch of voodoo. For example, two machines that are virual clones of each other can't see each other's shared drives. Both are running V64 Ultimate. Both are connected to the same switch. Both are on the same workgroup. Both have the same accounts and admin privileges setup. Both have network discovery and other relevant settings enabled. Other than different Windows (and other software) licenses they are clones. Here's the kicker: Out of those two machines that can't see each other, one of them sees all the XP machines just fine while the other doesn't see anything but itself. To say that this is frustrating is an understatement. A Google search returns lots of results, so I am definitely not alone on this one. http://www.google.com/search?q=cant+see+other+computers+on+t... "A good engineer thinks abstractly in terms of designing and building systems, they think in terms of algorithms, components, and engineering design. They do not necessarily know all of the details of syntax of a given language" Precisely. I'll take someone who can think this way before someone who can rattle-off all of the minutiae about a particular language. I've run across too many programmers who don't have a clue about project organization, MVC, data representation, optimization, etc. Yet, they can pass minutiae-filled tests about a particular language. Unless you've been programming in a single language for an extended period of time you will not have encyclopedic knowledge about that language and its libraries. Get 15 to 20 languages under your belt and the effect is more pronounced. I know exactly what it takes to write a number of sort algorithms, genetic solvers, neural networks, real-time embedded OS and more. No, I can't rattle off exactly how to write it in the language of the day. When switching to a language I haven't touched for a while it takes me two to four weeks to "task switch". I surround myself with reference books, use the IDE and any available online resource. Somewhere during that period I start to rock. I get the job done and produce clean and efficient code, fast. I would probably fail the kind of questioning the article describes. Yet I've been solely responsible for large projects using languages spanning from assembler to Forth, C, C++, Verilog, Lisp and, lately, Objective-C. Bad programmer! No doughnut! Why I will not be buying an iPad 3: - Resolution: Who cares. - Camera: Who cares. - 4GLTE with a ridiculous price and cap. No thanks I don't think there's anything really compelling about the iPad 3 for the masses. Sure, they'll sell a bunch of them, mainly because, well, that's what they are selling now. Being on WiFi most of the time I don't see any motivation to get an iPad 3 over my iPad 2. Most of the time the iPad 2 is used to casually browse the web on the couch, play chess and mess around with other games. In none of these use cases has the iPad 2 screen resolution proven to be an issue at all. Once usage becomes more serious iPad 2 goes on the shelf and I/we switch to computers. All of our home computers are equipped with a minimum of two 24inch 1920 x 1200 pixel screens. There is no way the iPad 2 or 3 experience can compete with this at any level. I think Apple needs to fix the issue of carriers gouging customers for connectivity. We have four iPhones and two iPads. Why are we paying six fixed-cost, limited usage data plans when the devices are on WiFi most of the time? Why is it that we can't buy a "family" plan, if you will, and pay one fee for connectivity. That's what you do with DSL: You pay one amount for a data rate and it doesn't matter if you have one or fifteen computers attached to the service. The next revolution in mobile might not come until the recurring costs involved in using these devices come under control. If you have two or more iPads, why do they make you pay multiple monthly fixed-price amounts for connectivity? This is even more ridiculous when you consider that most devices are probably on WiFi most of the time. So, you are paying $mm per month times N devices for, well, nothing. It's time for these contracts to become more reasonable. Right now they border on being nothing more than theft. Imagine this: You pay AT&T for your DSL line and you also pay them for wireless access for your iPad. You are paying them twice but only using one of the pipes at any given time. Regrettably one of the biggest offenders in terms of usability for kids apps is Apple itself. The introduction of multi-touch gestures made a complete mess out of kids apps. For example, if you've ever watched a young one interact with an iPad you would have seen them plant their paws on the screen and do things with 3+ fingers very frequently. Imagine what happens then: The whole app moves up, down or worst, sideways and switches to another app altogether. This interrupts the experience and is very confusing. I've seen this first hand. It is truly perplexing for children in the 2 to 7 year old range. Another side-effect is that this makes it nearly impossible to write apps that actually encourage the little ones to fully engage and plant their paws on the device. Without turning off multi-touch gestures the app won't be good for more than three seconds of use. What's worst is that you also stand a good chance to get negative reviews on the app store from frustrated parents who don't understand that this is not the developer's fault. Imagine the thrill of driving around town while your kids is playing with the iPad in the back seat and complaining/whining/crying every thirty seconds because he/she accidentally switched from the nice educational app you had them play with to your Facebook page due to accidentally using the app switching gesture. Brilliant. While multi-touch gestures might be a good idea (I as an adult never use them) they provide no way for developers to disable them within their app, thus causing usability problems for kids (and probably some use cases with people with motor impediments). Yes, the user can disable multi-touch altogether from settings. As an app developer you have to decide whether or not you want to put up a notice, warning or info page on your app warning parents about this problem and recommending that they disable multi-touch. Might you incur Apple's wrath for doing so? Don't know. This isn't just a PayPal problem. All of the large Internet companies have this totalitarian approach to customer service. Google, Paypal, Ebay, etc. One bit goes from 0 to 1 somewhere in their code and you are friggin screwed. Can't talk to anyone. Can't email anyone. Can't SMS anyone. Can't even send smoke signals. It's a totalitarian hit-them-with-a-hammer approach that truly needs to end. I don't know what it will take for this to change but it has to change. For example, AdSense alone has left a trail of destruction like no other service out there. You read stories all the time about legitimate businesses being cutoff for no apparent reason without even the possibility to engage in dialog. This thing with PayPal is downright scary. Having done tens of thousands of dollars of business with PayPal its one of those things that can keep you up at night. The problem isn't the suspension of accounts for investigation. I welcome a responsible approach to preventing fraud at all levels, as a consumer and a vendor. No, the problem lies in the fact that they don't engage in any kind of mutually-constructive dialog in order to try to determine whether or not there's a real problem. By not doing so they can ruin people's lives and, because they have so much money, they don't really care because it causes them no pain at all. I for one hate government burrowing too deeply into anyone's affairs. However, this is one case where I find myself really hoping that one day we'll see Congressional action here in the US in order to protect us from the monsters that these huge corporations have become. Remember, vendors are customers too, not just the end-users/buyers of products and services. This, very plainly, is wrong and evil. Isn't Apple alive today partly because of a patent lawsuit with MS that they were going to loose? A I understand the story, in a twist of things, Jobs convinced Gates to invest over a hundred million in Apple, thereby saving the company. Well, the voting system in HN is friggin broken. It's too easy for fan-boys to push you down and out of a conversation. I've experienced this many times. It's sad only because these are generally good discussions. However, if you don't tow the "company line", if you will, you'll get punished with down-votes. All this promotes is a uniform culture of fan boys or, what is worst, an audience that does not participate due to the futility of it all. Down-vote away. It'd be easy to implement a set of rules that could make it fair. For example, limit the rate of change on any given post so that it can't be attacked by a barrage of down votes by fan boys. This would open up a post to a wider non-ideological audience and allow it to float or sink on its merits rather than whether or not the author pandered to the fan-boy culture's point of view on all fronts. Further to that, nobody should be allowed to down-vote silently. That's chicken-shit. If you down-vote you need to state why you are doing so and subject your view to the same peer review, if you will. Another interesting idea is that down-voting costs you a significant amount of karma points. And, if you go below a certain number you are ejected from HN. Now people are likely to think twice before down-voting on ideological basis because they'll stand to loose something. All said, HN is still tolerable but it really is frustrating to be down-voted when purely on ideological basis rather than on based on the merit, accuracy or veracity of a post. Anyhow, the PayPal, Google, eBay, etc. problem is not likely to be solved by yelling and screaming on blogs and HN. I firmly believe that massive legal action, and, more than likely, in the US, Congressional action, is the only light at the end of the tunnel. They are too big and just can't be hurt or bothered with any other approach. It will be interesting to see how China's single-child-per-family experiment plays out. That decision alone might very well trigger a downfall both in economic and cultural terms. Many have commented on my suggestion that something as powerful as US Congressional action might be required to fix some of the totalitarian behavior of the internet giants. I do realize that this is sort of thing often comes with collateral damage. I for one don't want to see government in my life. Their function is to do a few things, do them well and stay as invisible as possible. This is far from what we have today. Yet I wrestle with this issue of monopolies, particularly when they behave as badly as PayPal, Google, eBay and others seem to be doing with some frequency. Because they are monopolies they don't encounter any force that might compel them to fix some of these issues. Under a normal competitive environment participants would improve their offerings at many levels in order to gain points here and there. This would include improvements in customer service because this is most-definitely one item that could sway customers to use one service over the other. Examples of this effect abound. However, once a monopoly takes root the leverage disappears. The company who owns the market can then focus its attention on activities and policies that benefit them the most. Customer service is hard and it is expensive. Internet companies would much rather have algorithms make decisions. These are cheap and you don't have to feed them. Here the decision is simple: If the collateral damage caused by the brutality of a system without any semblance of customer service is but a rounding error in our revenue: Go forth and prosper. And that's how you end-up with what we are seeing happen with alarming regularity today. The fact that your business might go down in flames because of their algorithmic decisions is a rounding error in their revenue stream. Devoid of competition there is no incentive to expend any effort chasing after rounding errors. And so I search for solutions and can't seem to find any. A startup to compete with PayPal? Google? eBay? Not likely. Huge barrier to entry. They are in-effect, monopolies. It could happen, but I would not bet on this approach. How about a united front of users, bloggers, etc., making a lot of noise in very public ways? Hmmm. Well. If you are in good standing with PayPal and Google, do you want to risk the wrath of the machine and get banned for life? Because that is exactly what will happen in one way or another? How about suing them? Same issue. You almost can't exist on the internet without using services from these giants. Who wants to risk their wrath? For example, I'd sue eBay and Paypal in a second if I had the financial support and had a reasonable good certainty of a positive outcome. They have both caused me damage in the past with unfair unilateral/totalitarian actions. The problem is that when you look around you can't find a solid way to replace them. I'm willing to bet that thousands upon thousands of people just take it on the chin and move on precisely because of this effect. And so, that leads me to where I really didn't want to go: Governmental action. The only way to kick these giants in the nuts seems to be to meet force with force. As consumers of the services of monopolistic companies we have no leverage whatsoever. None. However, we do have the ability to get our government/s to take note and take action with overwhelming force. This is just about the only kind of fight that monopolies are afraid of. Everything else might very well be an exercise in futility. So, how does one get the ball rolling on something like this? While I have not been affected at the level that some of these stories relate I've had enough of a taste of how these machines work to be very concerned that one day I could incur tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars of damage because of these unfair practices. I would prefer to see them corrected before that happens. What's the consensus among HN users? Is this something worth pursuing? I would start with better home design and energy efficiency enhancing improvements before throwing a Carnot-limited solution at the problem. Last summer I ran an experiment. We live in a two story house in California. We usually see low temperatures at night (sub 70deg F) and highs in the range of 105+ degF during the day. At night I opened all of the windows downstairs and used a small industrial fan (about 2000CFM) to pump cold outside air into the house. In the morning I'd shut down the fan and close all windows. I could get the lower part of the house down to below 70F on most days during the summer. Cold enough to have to wear a sweater. Even with the outside temperature hitting highs above 105+ the thermal mass of the house succeeded in maintaining a very comfortable inside temperature (max around 77F). We did not use the air conditioner at all last summer, saving tons of money. The fan costs pennies a day to run. This summer I am looking at what efficiency improvements I can make to this arrangement. I'm itching to throw a micro-controller at it, but I want to learn a little more before I take that path. There's a lot to do in the roof. Think about it, you have this huge solar heat collector --the roof-- reaching ridiculous temperatures during the day and radiating that right into the house. Sure, there's attic insulation, but that's a ton of energy to deal with. I'm thinking that some forced ventilation of the attic with a small fan might just do wonders. You might be able to use the thermal stability you have underground to help cool the house. Granted, this is more expensive, but probably far less costly in the long run. The basic idea is to bury a heat exchanger (coils of tubing) deep underground and circulate a fluid to move heat from hot to cold. You can use this two ways: You can use it to try to cool the house directly by embedding tubing in the floor/walls or some other approach. Or, you could use it to improve the efficiency of an air conditioning unit by providing supplemental cooling of the A/C unit heat exchanger coils. Here's what I find interesting: Take a look at the computer you are reading this on. Mac, PC, Linux, other? Every single program on your machine has a uniform UI. Sure, there might be tweaks here and there and differences in icons, but the UI is consistent. You get on any Mac and things look and work the same way. You get on any PC (save Windows 8!) and everything looks and works the same way. Has anyone ever said: I am not going to use because the UI looks exactly the same as the UI on ? Probably not. Well, why is it that every site on the 'net has to look and work differently? If form follows function then most sites don't really need to reinvent the wheel. Yes, they need to deal with app-specific paradigms, but that's no different than the difference between, say, Excel, Word, Photoshop, iTunes and Dreamweaver. Somehow on the desktop we have come to understand that a stable, uniform and well-understood UI is actually useful. While I am not sure that this translates directly into the web, I don't really agree with the idea that lots of sites using Bootstrap is equivalent to the end of the universe as we know it. Considering how many downright awful sites there are this is probably an absolute gift from the Flying Spaghetti Monster (who's name shall never be uttered in vane). How about funding larger ideas and helping build teams? There are lots of ideas that just can't be approached sensibly with $15K over the summer. And, frankly, you might be missing out on founders that are not 22 years-olds and who cannot live on noodles for the summer. There are probably tons of really smart people out there in their 30's, 40's and beyond that have a solid foundation of experience to offer. They may not have a bunch of 20-something college buddies available to them to live on noodles and soft drinks over the summer either. Your approach pretty much excludes this entire ecosystem of candidates and ideas. Maybe this simply isn't your model, and that's OK. The thought that someone like Steve Jobs would have been rejected or looked at oddly for wearing a suit is disconcerting. Clothing is one of those odd and weird things that humanity might just shake out of the culture eventually. It is only of meaning to small minds. It's like the priest who wears dignified religious clothing while hiding a darker side. Or the executive sporting $3,000 suits while causing financial damage to a nation. Or the clean-cut white kid wearing nice jeans and t-shirts while selling drugs around the corner. Or the cop wearing his uniform while committing a crime. Be careful about using clothing to judge and form opinion. Now, I happen to think that a nice (not too expensive) suit can look really good. So can a nice pair of jeans and a t-shirt (particularly on a woman that can, shall we say, enhance the garments --call me a pig). I had to wear a suit my entire young life because I was sent to private schools. What this means is that I am just as comfortable in a suit as I am in jeans. I like wearing a suit for the right occasion. But if I have to code for 16 hours straight you are going to find me in sweatpants, and old t-shirt and sandals. What a jerk and a hypocrite. Patents are, like it or not, one of the weapons of war, if you will, in business. Have been for a long, long time. And, while I too hate the "we invented the button and we have a patent" crowd I also recognize that they exist for a reason. Denying someone employment because the company they work for seeks to enforce their patents --legitimate or not-- is nothing less than being a dick. If you want to do something about frivolous patents get involved politically, seek to understand the issues and push to make sensible changes. So, how about it Mr. David Sacks instead of being a total dick by seeking to cause damage to Yahoo employees, would you use your money and influence to help change patent laws? I have yet to see any of the loud-mouths spouting off about patents offer to do something like put together a fund to be used in pursuing changes to the laws. An, of course, none of them will write a check for a few million to fund it. If I was in a position to get something like this started I would. Maybe someone can reach vocal anti-patent guys like Mark Cuban and ask him to throw the first ten million into the pot to get this going? With the money available in the top layer of tech companies it should be possible to put together a fund with billions of dollars. This fund could either be available to fight patent trolls or act as a PAC (or both). Imagine, if you will, what would go through patent troll's minds if they tried to enforce bullshit patents and this group existed. Let's call it the AFSPL (Americans For Sensible Patent Laws). Furthermore, imagine that this group had massive amounts of money and a whole floor full of lawyers and engineers to throw at the problem. The ACLU of the patent world, if you will. If someone comes after you with a bullshit patent you could bring it up with the AFSPL for review. And, if they see it your way they defend you. Trolls would disappear almost instantly. Bullshit patents would be invalidated. The skies would turn blue and the birds would sing. Maybe they could even mount a massive lawsuit against the patent office itself. Don't get me wrong, I firmly believe that there's a place for valid an solid patents, even software patents. Having said that, I've read through so many patents that have caused me to yell and scream at the top of my lungs "this is bullshit!" that it is easy to loose hope. Nah, going after Yahoo employees is crap. Get a grip on reality and put your time, effort and passion behind a real solution. That could be a little off-base. It seems that this anti-Yahoo-employee rant was triggered in part because he recently got tangled in a patent lawsuit (affecting him directly). Where was he before he got sued? Remaining silent as it happens to others only to act when it happens to you is a form of hypocrisy. But, I could be wrong. Frankly, his attack on perfectly innocent folk really ticked me off. One day I would love to be able to vote for a President who does not believe that the earth is 6000 years old and that a supernatural being materialized the Universe in seven days. I mean, we give these guys nuclear launch codes! I'm sorry if this offends some but this god bullshit really needs to disappear from our culture before humanity can truly begin to move to a higher level. Most people would laugh their asses off (and be horrified) if a candidate for President expresses obedience and belief in Thor. What's the difference between Thor and all the other supers? I was once called up for jury duty. When it came time to be sworn in for the initial selection I told the judge that I could not swear on the bible. He asked me why. I told him that I happen to know that the Principle of Conservation of Energy is true and that I could not, in good conscience swear on something that blatantly violates it in so many ways. He actually chuckled. I then offered that, if belief in the supernatural was a prerequisite to be selected into a jury I would gladly swear by Thor to tell the truth and nothing but the truth, etc. I told him that I like that story a little better because of the cool hammer. I was respectfully excused. Ironic, being that they were after the truth. But I digress, I agree with the fiscal conservatism of the Republican ticket but their hyper-religious bend and ridiculous social stance sure turns me off. Santorum is insane. Where is Joe Piscopo when you need him? >the big bang was a huge violation of conservation of energy Really? There you go! Solved! Thanks! A few questions, since you seem to know it all (I certainly don't): How does religion explain 250,000 people dead from a Tsunami in Indonesia? Or, how about a similar number in Haiti? Or, how about the six million Jews? And the two million Armenians? Darfur? How about the 48 million people dead in WW2? Or the 21 million in WW1? And the 20 million dead during the great Chinese famine? The numbers are staggering. It's sickening: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_wars_and_anthropogenic_... OK, so god is powerful enough to create the Universe in seven days and explain the big bang by a supernatural act of unimaginable proportions. Yet, he/it can't be bothered to at least save just the children of the aforementioned disasters and genocides? But, he/it will help someone not loose their home, pass a final exam, hit the jackpot or win Suvivor because they prayed? While, at the same time letting a child die from cancer across town? And he/it, while being ever-present, all-knowing, all-loving and omnipotent can't be bothered to stop hundreds of millions of his people from death, horrible illness, famine, genocide and, let's not forget being raped by priests. And, while we are on that subject, why haven't any of these priests been struck by lightning? Either he/it doesn't give a shit or he/it is indifferent or he/it is petty and nasty and can't be bothered or he/it is not omnipotent or he/it is less powerful than the devil or... Or better yet, he/it does not exist. Please. Spare me the bullshit. The thought of having someone like Santorum in the White House scares the crap out of me. Such ignorance is hard to fathom in this day and age. And thanks for the down-votes. Keep them coming. My intent wasn't to start a flame-war on religion but to point out that certain belief systems are conducive to truly irrational decision making. I can be a little passionate about this. I am truly sorry if my post went a little too far. Those who govern us have the power to do great good or great evil. It is my contention that a deep belief in anything supernatural should automatically disqualify someone from political office at almost any level. I did say "deep belief". The main reason I think that this is important is that those who are religious extremists are so invested in their belief system that they come to office with an agenda. And this agenda is not based on a reality, no matter how many people think otherwise. I did say "religious extremists". My parents would describe themselves as believers. They'll never hurt anyone with or for their beliefs. They simply grew up at a time when that's what you did and that's what you believed. They just happened to be born somewhere where the local "team" believed in Christianity, they would have believed just as strongly in any other religion had they been born somewhere else. A typical example of religious exremism is the extension of religious judgement onto the gay community. I'm not gay but have absolutely no problem with that community at all. Why? Because if I had a problem with that I'd have to have a problem with my kids having brown hair or long fingers. Why? Because it is a genetic mutation (not a pejorative, just fact) just like being born with blue eyes. Virtually nobody decides to be gay, they are born that way. They could have been born with green eyes just as well. Yet, the religious extremists will judge these people harshly and reject the evolutionary basis of the phenotypes they dislike. They'll pick something with no evidence of any kind against something that has mountains (literally) of evidence all around us. One of my favorite demonstrations of evolution is that my kids don't all look that same: mutation at work. The Santorum doctrine is deeply rooted on religious beliefs. He is a religious extremist. Virtually nothing comes out of his mouth that does not have a foundation on his faith. That's why I think he is a dangerous man and sincerely hope he does not win the nomination. This latest attack on porn is just an extension of that. I don't like porn. I think its demeaning and portrays an image of women that is simply grotesque. Few things change your mind more than having a daughter, of course. Having said that, I can't be on the side of restricting anyone's right to create or consume porn. That's their business and neither I nor government has any place in what they do with their private lives. Like it or not. I do think it is OK to have community-based rules. I don't want the stuff on TV for my kids to see. They can't comprehend it and are not mentally prepared to deal with it. I'm not saying that the Federal Government ought to set these standards. It could be a States issue. That said, I'd rather keep government entirely out of it. The market can decide these kinds of things very efficiently. For example, if porn was available without any kind of access restrictions on my satellite service, I would cancel it. So would others. Very soon, if that satellite company wanted my business they'd implement a sensible way for me to decide what I want my family to be exposed to. That's the way it should work. I don't want Santorum or anyone to tell us what we can and cannot do based on his deep-rooted belief in the supernatural. My courtroom example exposes an aspect of this country that is troublesome: If you don't profess belief in the same supernatural stories the religious majority pushes you can and are excluded from political life. I wonder how many Senators, Representatives and, in general, politicians are atheists who begrudgingly place their hand on the bible when they are sworn-in because, well, they have to. Think about it. Views and stances like Santorums are no different than those of the extremist religion-based governments in the middle east we hear about every day. We don't want that here. If that means accepting others' freedom to make and use porn, so be it. Here's another example of how irrational and damaging it can be to allow religion to enter government: http://religion.blogs.cnn.com/2012/03/15/feds-grant-permit-t... Really? Two beautiful animals will be killed because of a belief in the supernatural. If this is not the peak of absurdity I don't know what is. Here's a statement from the article: The eagle "flies higher then any other creature. It sees many things. It's closer to the Creator," It is a slippery slope to allow and tolerate this kind of thing. Supporting someone like Santorum, with values and ideas deeply rooted in the religious extreme, is yet one more step towards something we really don't want to see happen to this country. I, for one, think that there ought to be a huge uproar about this. Millions of emails, calls and faxes ought to descend on Washington to prevent these animals from being killed for no reason whatsoever. I have thought for a long time that part of the US tax code ought to be devoted to getting people to travel outside the US. A nice tax credit for foreign travel would open the eyes of our citizens to what lies beyond their town borders. I would see this as an investment in culture and not necessarily a subsidy. Maybe it's something you can use once every few years and not every year. This would do wonders for both the average US citizen's view of the world as well as the world's view of the US citizens. My hope is that something like this might just lead to more sensible behavior towards other cultures and peoples. What happens when entering the country is but one small example of the problem. Coming from the US, seeing guys with machine guns at the airport in Italy was, well, interesting. The only other place I saw that as a kid was when my family travelled to Argentina back in military government times. The funny thing is that I am not a liberal. I'm not a conservative either. A sensible mixture, maybe. Traveling really opens your mind in ways that can't be quantified. I really think that our countrymen can be very egocentric to the point of bordering on ignorance. Understanding and knowing about other cultures is very important. I'd gladly support such a tax incentive because I am sure that it would pay dividends many times over in amazing ways. Signed. I'm also pretty tired of "foo" and "bar". At the very least they teach nothing about the thought process that should go into naming things. It is really unfortunate that Aldrin and Armstrong seem so critical of efforts like SpaceX. Both of these men are very intelligent and highly accomplished. That said, every transition in thinking and technology has always found opposition from those deeply invested in what is about to fade away. I would hope that, in this case at least, things start to change as further proof of the merits of private enterprise is produced. Elon, if you are reading this, know that you have something pulling for you that Aldrin and Armstrong will never have: The next generation. My kids want to be like their mother and father (who are scientists) and we make it a point to highlight people such as yourself as role models. They want to be just like you. And so will countless others. > All of their glories and all of their accomplishments have taken place within the bosom of the government. I can only agree. I haven't had the opportunity to socialize with a lot of folks who've lived their entire adult lives under the umbrella of government jobs or highly unionized jobs. As things have it, I recently did have that chance. I had dinner with a married couple, both of whom have worked government jobs since, well, forever. I have to say that it was a real jolting experience. It was truly like talking with people from another country, if not another planet. My take was that the framework (union and/or government) creates such a layer of isolation from what I'll call real life that it creates a highly distorted view of reality (in my opinion) for those within it. A recent example I heard about was that of a librarian that, after working for some 15 or 20 years earning $100K to $120K per annum (with insane benefits) will retire at a very young age with a pension paying her nearly $250K per year for the rest of her life (and retain such bennies as amazing health-care coverage). This is due to a rule in the contract of many unions that causes pension pay to be calculated on a salary that can be "spiked", as they put it, during the last couple of years by taking courses and doing things that, again, by union rules, count towards the salary calculation. You can fully expect someone like that to have a completely skewed view of reality. Few private citizens, entrepreneurs and small business people have the opportunity to earn $250K a year with such good benefits, much less retain that for the rest of their lives while doing no work whatsoever. And, for good reason: In the real world that is almost always mathematically not sustainable. There are very few circumstances that allow a business to provide 90% pay --forever-- to retiring employees while having to hire a replacement. It's a case of simply arithmetic. I firmly believe that this kind of thing, this kind of sub-culture, if you will, is really bad for this country (and any country that supports it). I don't know the internals of Greece, yet from outside it seems that it may very well be an extreme example of this effect. This is a case where millions of people live in a state that is so incomprehensibly shielded from reality that it, effectively, causes a devolving of potentially valuable human capital. In some cases this effect crosses generational gaps ("union towns" or "government towns"). By "devolving" I mean that the removal of the need to fight for survival devolves a human being into an automaton of sorts that will spend decades working within a system that does not compensate or require excellence. Mere participation is all that is needed and the rest of your life is covered. One has to wonder what some of these folks may have been capable of had they been challenged to be better than that. Hence my use of the term "devolve". I didn't want to inject politics into the SpaceX discussion, but I think Aldrin, et al. have done this themselves. As highly accomplished and intelligent as they are (I don't see them as "trained monkeys" as someone said earlier) it is true that they lived their entire lives within this altered-reality that government and union frameworks can and do create. That, I've concluded, perhaps unfairly, isn't good for the human condition. I'll preface this by saying that I want my next vehicle to be electric. Here's my concern with regards to electric cars: There's a huge difference between failure modes of electric vs. gasoline powered vehicles in crash scenarios. In a great deal of cases a crash with a gasoline-powered car results in no spills or fires. No problems. In a few cases a spill might result. Fires are only a factor when gasoline vapors are involved. If a pure electric vehicle has a range equivalent to that of a gasoline-powered vehicle, say, 200 to 300 miles, this means that it is storing a tremendous amount of energy. Also, due to i-squared-c losses it is very likely that the system will be a high voltage system (hundreds of volts). In the case of a bad accident this energy could be released violently. There might come a day when we hear of an entire family electrocuted to death in their car after a crash. I hope this never happens, but I have a feeling it could. As I see it this is the PR problem with the technology: Huge amounts of energy that could do serious damage if something goes wrong. In contrast to that, a gas tank is a relatively harmless device. Yes, there are safety measures that can and are being utilized, like fusible links between batteries and intelligent management systems. Still, it doesn't take much at, say, 500 volts, to cause a lot of damage quickly. As someone who has worked with and designed very high power DC motor controls and have tested many designs to destruction I have to say that this is an area that really needs to receive a tremendous amount of attention. The last thing the industry needs is the media devoting weeks to cover how a family got fried in their electric car while the fire department was powerless to aid them until the batteries fully discharged (which could take a long time). That would be a truly horrific sight to behold and a potential industry-killing event. Close your eyes and imagine that for a moment. Then imagine trying to convince someone who saw that on TV to buy an electric car. Super-capacitors could help in this regard in very meaningful ways. If we could get battery packs to be small enough that leaves a lot of room for creating a crash and intrusion protection barrier around the battery. Today battery packs are very large and heavy. And, while I am sure that a lot of work has gone into safety, they could be made far safer if the batteries had higher energy capacities. The other way super capacitors might be able to help could be as paradigm shift enablers. Picture the case of not needing a range of 300 miles. For most of us, 60 miles might be enough. If that battery pack is small enough gas stations could morph into battery pack swap stations. The fact that a super-capacitor has a useful life of tens of thousands of cycles means that there would be no concern of receiving someone's almost-dead battery. The cost of re-fueling would include some amount of money to deal with packs near or at their end of life. If you did need to go farther maybe cars could be designed with room for a second range-extension pack or some other means to connect a larger battery pack. From a safety standpoint, I want to see the kinds of tests companies like Volvo and Mercedes are known for: Fling a car through the air and roll it multiple times. In other words, extreme stuff that is unlikely to happen in most accidents. After the tests the cars have to remain in a state that is safe enough for egress as well as for rescue personnel to approach, touch and render aid. In other words, electric cars have to be better in terms of safety than gasoline powered vehicles. ...but you will see it on TV. And that is what will stop the industry on its tracks. People are used to gasoline. They are comfortable with it, if you will. Electricity is another matter. People fear electricity. They don't understand it. If electric cars are seen as roving high-tension wires that can electrocute you and your family in a crash that will be the end of the industry. People don't care about statistics but they react very readily to anything that triggers fundamental fears. There are business segments where this flies. In most other areas you'll be robbed blind and left for dead on the side of the street. Most of the comments are focusing on the installation. That was not the point of the post. In fact, the installation was simple enough that a a 13 year old did it without any help whatsoever. It's a usability issue. The paradigm shift is great enough that most everyone is talking about sitting in front of W8 absolutely dumbfounded. I agree that it looks like a nice interface for a tablet or phone. I don't have a Metro-interface-equipped phone or tablet but concede that the interface seems nice for type of a device. So far, I simply don't see it for a classic desktop computer. I'll put more time into it, but my first impression is that people will hate it during that critical "open the box" experience. This is very similar to what happened in the transition from Office 2003 to, say, Office 2007. If you were a capable user of '03 you found yourself slowing down to a crawl to figure out how to do things in '07. Could you do exactly the same things? Absolutely. Yes. And more. Was the pain, aggravation and productivity loss worth the new look and feel? Absolutely not. I'll argue that there are zero incremental gains from forcing users to switch from the '03 to the '07 interface. In fact, one could very well argue that there was a net loss due to the fact that users had to invest a sometimes not trivial amount of time to figure things out. And all of this to do exactly the same work they were doing before the transition to Office '07. The interface did not magically turn them into productivity masters, it actually damaged productivity. So far I see the Windows 8 paradigm as a step in that direction. Frankly, In my opinion, it has been going downhill since Vista. XP was good. And, yes, it could have been improved, but there really wasn't anything fundamentally horrible about the XP experience and UI. I don't personally care about bling-bling. I work with my computer, it's not a toy. Maybe that's not a typical consumer use case scenario where bling-bling might be a requirement. I feel very strongly that MS should have taken the approach of incrementally improving upon XP rather than going off in these ridiculous tangents. For example, it would have been nice to have really intelligent copying of files. You know, where if you are copying 500 files and file number 23 fails the copy routine would log it and keep going rather than killing the entire run? And there's more. But, you look at Vista and some of the decisions made and you really have to wonder what they are thinking. Sorting of folders in Windows explorer is but one example. With W8 I see a transition that is going to be jolting for most people. Take anyone who's been using XP, Vista or 7 and plant them in front of a W8 machine (that was the point of using my 13-year-old as a test subject) and they grind to an absolute halt. Keep in mind that they will be trying to do what they were doing just minutes before on the older OS. Except that, this time around, they'll be utterly confused as to how to do it. Sure, eventually they'll figure it out. It might take a couple of weeks to get comfortable, maybe more for some, less for others. The argument here is very simple: The time required to learn to use the new W8 paradigm to, in the end, accomplish nothing more and derive no productivity gains is completely wasted. If you had a business with, say, 50 or more employees you'd be nuts to switch to W8. The office would grind to a halt virtually overnight and it would take weeks to get back to where it was before. In the end, not one person in this hypothetical business would be more efficient at their job due to W8. BTW, just in case readers think that I might be an Apple fan-boy, know that we own about 25 Windows-based workstations, several Linux and three Macs. Definitely not a Mac shop here. The only reason we moved some of our machines to Vista is to move to a 64 bit OS as required by some of our Finite Element Analysis software, other than that, I've seen no point whatsoever in moving beyond XP. If an XP+ was available with true incremental enhancements I'd jump on it, but we are not here to play games and I really don't have time for the latest consumer bling-bling experiment in UI. What would you use in place of PHP to build a web app? The only requirement is that you have to be able to hire developers just as easily as you can hire PHP developers. This might be where rubber meets the road. It's easy to dislike a tool based on all kinds of criteria. In the real world one has to be able to get work done and, if needed, find developers to expand a team. Proposing a subjectively or objectively better language that does not have a large enough developer base to call upon when needed isn't really a business solution as much as it is an interesting academic exercise. To clarify, I have no feelings either way. I've had to learn so many languages over the years that I just see them as another tool in the toolbox. Life goes on. My general point is that evaluating languages based on personal or technical preferences might just be a flawed metric. Unless what you are doing is a hobby you have to deal with additional criteria. I pointed out just one such data points. I, for example, really love APL. I would also never think of using APL as the basis of a commercial project unless there was an overwhelming reason to do so. A friend of mine built a nice company around a product built entirely around Forth. He loved the language. And, he lived to regret making that decision. He eventually paid gobs of money to have the entire code base re-written in C. A couple of years later he sold the business for several million. Potential buyers did not want to touch him with the Forth code base. Just a reality of business. To clarify, the potential buyers were not interested in the Forth code base because they did not use Forth themselves. Acquiring a company whose products were based around Forth would mean adding a new layer of developers to their team and, effectively, byfurcating their efforts and skill sets. A code base written in C was a no-brainier for most interested parties. With C on the table the language was just a check-box item that did not require further discussion. With Forth the discussions stopped right there. Again, nothing to do with the merits of the language and everything to do with business realities. Up-vote if you spend waaaaay too much time playing chess. Sometimes I get into this "mental trench" and can spend several hours a day playing against people all over the world. In a strange way it sometimes helps me solve programming problems. Not sure how that works as it seems that I am thinking about the problem while playing fairly intense games. Maybe it simply helps get you into a flow state? My concern with W8 is that the inclusion of the Metro touch interface and paradigm on desktop systems will do nothing but confuse people. I've seen this first hand after installing the consumer preview version on a laptop and having a wide range of people try it. Almost without fail, the reaction I've seen is confusion followed by a severe reduction of productivity. I understand the idea of having "one OS to rule all platforms" but can't help to think that W8 will cause a lot of friction with those who need a Windows XP/Vista/7 desktop, mouse-and-keyboard experience and have no use whatsoever for a touch interface. This group, I might argue, represents the overwhelming majority of Windows users. By far. It'll be interesting to see how it plays out. 88% Ron Paul. Some of the choices could be worded better. There are also some tough issues that might not be easy A/B/C/D answers (example: immigration) I can't dispute that this W8 works on a tablet. I think that the force-feeding of a tablet interface as the "open box" experience on the desktop is what causes friction. Sounds promising. It'll be interesting to watch and see how this evolves. Here's an off-topic comment issued in the spirit of constructive criticism for the site (please don't downvote based on this): If any HN reader has an account with process.org could you --if you agree, of course-- suggest that a small gray font against a gray background is simply not a good idea? On an iPad without zooming it is really straining to read. On a desktop with a 24 inch 1920 x 1200 monitor it is not comfortable. Bad idea. A larger black font would be best. For a book about startup smarts they sure are missing something very important on their site: A button to get on a list to be notified when the electronic version is out. I have zero interest in the printed version. Lately there have been only certain books that I might consider buying in printed form. I want to buy this book but will not do so until it is available on iBooks, Kindle or ePub format. They should have had a "Want the upcoming electronic version?" button for others who share my sentiment. I disagree with the comments indicating that the title is too emotional. I think it needs to be whatever it has to be in order to bring eyeballs to this issue. None-techies have no idea of what is possible when they sign-on to and use various social networks and tools. Because of this they, almost invariably, end-up horribly exposed in very public ways. Articles such as this one need to appeal to emotion and, hopefully, go viral, in order to have non-tech folks understand, protect themselves and their kids. It's like folks that apply decals with the names of their kids on the back of their SUV's. I've never understood why someone would do something that stupid. In some cases they even go as far as also providing clues as to what they are into. The most common example of this is having the Christian ichthus (fish) symbol under their names. I struck-up a conversation with one such parents at the local school our kids attend during an open house event. I explained just how much I knew about their kids by making a number of inferences from the very public access they were providing through these seemingly innocent little stickers on the back of the SUV. It wasn't hard at all to demonstrate just how bad an idea this was. They thanked me and went out to the parking lot to remove the stickers right away. I don't like to think ill of people and I generally don't (and have scars to prove it). This does not mean that one has to provide all the necessary tools and information to facilitate becoming a victim. This is the one aspect of HN that cast a bad light on the nature of the community. There seem to be what I've come to call groups of "fan-boys" who downvote based on ideology rather than on the merits of the comments. The problem is that this very quickly starts to feel like any other forum where things generally degenerate to the point where only seven people are posting because anyone else becomes afraid of the wolves attacking. My opinon: Down-voting ought to cost you (the down-voter) a significant chunk of points, say, 10%. And, you should be obligated to post a reason. And, if the reason is bullshit and it gets downvoted, you loose another 10% of your points. In other words, it better be valid. The rules could be a little more elaborate than that, but this might be a good start. People are discussing this because they care about HN. They don't want to see it go to shit, like many other communities tend to do. This is a good thing so long as these opinions trigger actions to return the community to a reasonably balanced state. It'd be nice to hear from HN management on thoughts and potential remedies for this issue. And, of course, it'd be nice to see some of these changes implemented ASAP. Not a lawyer. I have a question: Joe tells me "Frank just killed three people and is a thief". I go to a well attended town meeting and say "Joe told me that Frank just killed three people and is a thief". Am I liable for defamation of character if Joe did not tell me the truth? Am I liable for any damages caused to Frank for this? How is this different from a blog posting something that a third party said or having its users post their own content? If the lunatics are not running the asylum they sure are trying very, very hard. And we keep letting them. You can get sued for anything. Whether or not the lawsuit has merit or not is another matter. I think that's the key here. Would you be liable give my hypothetical scenario? Is there such a thing as a suite of standardized performance tests for large-scale, multi-core databases? How are people comparing Cassandra, PostgreSQL, mySQL and other options against each other for raw performance? P = programmer; NP = non-programmer NP: How long will it take? P: It'll take as long as it takes. NP: I don't understand. What does that mean? P: When you tell me that the product is finished, it's done. NP: You mean you can't estimate how long it'll take? P: I can't estimate when you'll decide that it is done, therefore an accurate prediction is impossible. From experience I know that a project like this can take from three to nine months. A lot depends on you, the choices you make and how well you communicate them to me. A lot also depends on how many times you change your mind during the process and how many times you change the specifications during the job. Major changes can even cause the project to be scrapped and start over. Rest assured that I will not be the one slowing this down. NP: How much will it cost? P: It will cost as much as it costs. NP: I don't understand. What does that mean? P: You just learned some programming! Go back to your first question and re-read the entire thing. This is called an endless loop. One of my favorite ones was a fellow who wanted an iPhone and iPad game done. He proclaimed that it had to be done for $10K. This game easily required six months of work. It also required server-side development and support. He also had no idea that every so often you need to fix, I mean, update, your apps because new iOS releases might break them. I was open-minded and decided to invest some time educating him on the process and the needs of the platform. Once he had enough information he networked and hired someone out of India to build him the game. I was not happy about that at all. Then I learned that he was having all kinds of problems with the process (and the app) being a total mess. He's learning his lesson. Who says I am blaming the programmer for being Indian? I'm not. Excellent work being done out of India. Here's the problem, lots of people like this fellow look at India and China to find the lowest possible bidder out of complete ignorance. And, when they find the lowest possible bidder they get exactly that: crappy inexperienced programmers. If they searched for the lowest possible bidder in the US or Europe they'd get exactly the same thing. I did not intend to imply that Indian programmers are not good. An ignorant fool looking for rock bottom prices will, more than likely, find them in India rather than the US or Europe. It's a JOKE. Relax. I hate to suggest this. I repeat, I really hate to suggest this: It is time for those affected to unite behind a push to initiate Congressional action against Google (and possibly others) for these practice. They are highly destructive and unfair. These companies ARE huge monopolies. They just can't be allowed to behave this way. I am the first one to raise my voice against more government incursions into our daily lives. However, there are cases where very few options remain on the table. Unless Google, eBay, Paypal and others who are committing these kinds of acts on a daily basis change their tune in a hurry I think that a collision with government action is unavoidable. A united front with government backing is probably the only viable option. Let me also be constructive and suggest ways in which Google could make this process fair. First of all, don't make the process an digital on/off decision. Create a system of staged penalties leading up to account suspension and then, if abused, closure. New accounts should have an "on-boarding" process in place. It would be OK to tell the site that, for the first 30 days ads will be presented and NO revenue will be paid to the site. This is a monitoring period where Google can just watch and see how the site behaves. During the following 90 days revenue is slowly notched up from 0% to 100%. Again, close monitoring and feedback during this period is critical. If and when a problem occurs, Google is to provide clearly understandable data on the relevant violations and suggestions on fixing them. One argument against this is that, if they made their violation detection data public, spammers will use the data to get even better. Well, so be it. Use this to develop even better detection technology. Last I heard Google is staffed with pretty smart folk. Solve the problem! After clearly flagging the relevant problems give the account owner a reasonable length of time to fix it. Say, three days from receipt of the notice. If the problem is not fixed in the alloted time then ad revenues start to be discounted based on some well-explained formula. Maybe 10% per day. This should provide enough incentive for a lazy site owner to take action. This could also come with staged penalization of the site-standing in search. This could be controversial. Maybe not. This could also have an element of a reduction of the CPM revenue on ads served into the site. Once the revenue reaches zero ad placement stops. Perhaps there's the option for Google to serve non-ads with text noting that this site is in violation of AdSense rules. I can thing of few things that'll wake someone up more than having all of your ad locations populated with such a notice. Despite all of the above, the account is never killed off except for the most egregious cases. Having all ad revenue shut down the site is given a full report --with clear reasons-- of the violations and the timeline to ad-serving shutdown. AND, how to fix it. The site could be suspended from AdSense for thirty days, during which they have to show that they fixed the problems. Once the problems are fixed a staged restart of ad-serving would begin. At first the site would start being served with a few ads and they'd only earn, say, 50% of normal revenue. Over a period of three months of "good behavior" the sites ads would increase and improve. And, of course, the percentage of revenue earned per ad would notch back up to 100%. Oh, yes, if the account holder owns multiple sites on one AdSense account the sites ought to be treated separately. If one site is having problems but there's another that is in perfect standing account actions should only affect the site that needs to fix problems and not the entire account. I'm sure the above has holes. It is probably a reasonable start for a framework that could fix the problem. I've had the experience of having legitimate and above-honest clients get banned from AdSense for, well, we'll never know. The problem with the way Google runs this is that there's no way to make an honest mistake. This is very easy to do when you are just getting started. It's not fair. Absolutely agreed. In my opinion, Government is the least desirable option in all cases. It's a hatchet when you need a scalpel. Yet, here we are, 23 days later (interesting that you remembered) having the same discussion. This is happening with far greater frequency than publicly exposed. I've seen it first hand. You have to wonder what Google's trail of destruction might look like. In the end these are families and businesses that are being affected in very signifiant ways. If one were to want to play the populist card, you could also say that jobs might be lost (or not created) when Google takes actions that damage or destroy company revenue streams. Also agree that it is not a simple problem to solve. That said, if the problem is too big for Google to deal with it then maybe they should stick with search and bow out of the ad serving business. A company as large as Google can't be compelled to make changes by one or a few individuals voicing their concerns. This is the fundamental problem. If they were good netizens they'd jump at the opportunity to fix the problem, no matter how difficult it might be. Hire another 100 engineers and figure it out. The threat of a force greater than theirs might just be the only reason to compel a company as powerful as Google to make changes. That, perhaps, is my greater point. I really don't want to see government regulate any of it. But I am not opposed to using government to force change or capitulation when few other options appear to be viable. It's about the need for "low impedance" or "low inertia" systems. "Low inertia" means that the affected area can support a higher rate of change than a "high inertia" system. This affects all facets of business, from the supply chain to labor. I have to disagree with the protection of highly unionized systems. They are bad, bad, bad for the economy and for the survival of the affected industry. Not only do unions burden business with unreasonable rules and wages, they also create a very high inertia labor force. Making any change falls on a range from impossible to very difficult. In sharp contrast to this, a low inertial non-union labor force is far more flexible. Let's face it, workers in the US have grown comfortable with their reality and don't want to change. I'm sure this is what it looked like when buggy whips and horse-drawn carriages started to loose market share. A low inertia system would allow the entire enterprise to pivot quickly, make adjustments and try to evolve into whatever might be the new wining paradigm. Not so when you have a highly regulated, highly taxed and unionized framework to contend with. The sheer mass Google has and their control of search represents a huge barrier to entry in this field. Like it or not, they are a monopoly. The majority of advertisers are familiar with Google's advertising platform as search users. Given a choice between an unknown startup and Google to advertise their own business they'll choose Google, hands-down. You and other investors would have to throw tens of millions of dollars (ore more) at a startup in order to mount a serious challenge to Google's supremacy. If you can beat them at search you can probably mount an attack on their advertising business. Without that it'll probably be very difficult to convince publishers and advertisers to switch sides. You need a plumber right now. What company name comes to mind? If you live in the US it is likely to be Roto-Rooter. Brands occupy a space in people's minds for various categories. Think of it as key-value coding for real-live categories. Google occupies, no, owns, search and probably owns advertising in the eyes of a huge percentage of Internet users and business people. Everyone sees Google's ads on sites they visit. Naturally, when it comes time to think about advertising their own businesses they are likely to associate Google with this rather than the startup of the day. That's nearly impossible to buy. Here's something Microsoft and Google seem to not get in a big way: iPod. Put out a lower-cost non-phone device already! Call it whatever you want. The W7/8 "Gamester" or whatever. Offer that choice and your market just multiplied tremendously. Follow the iPhone iPod model. Case in point. Each of my kids has their own iPod. They'll don't have their own iPhones. What mother wants to hand a 3 year old their phone at a restaurant? We've done it for those unavoidable emergencies (you have to know three-year-olds). There's a huge market for non-phone devices like this and it just blows me away that these guys are battling hard over phones while ignoring the huge market that non-phone but 100% software-compatible devices represents. As a developer I see that the iPhone + iPod ecosystem multiplies the number of devices that my apps go into by a significant and non-trivial number. Furthermore, it expands the demographics as well. These are all important factors when considering which platform to focus on. Add to that the code-compatible iPad and you have an absolute 1-2-3 punch winner. Google and Microsoft (and everyone else trying to beat Apple at this game) seem to be blind to this for some strange reason. Am I missing something fundamental? Answers to a range of comments on my post: Price: Once you start manufacturing products by the hundreds of thousands, costs go down very quickly. Any of of these large companies can easily commit to making a million of just about anything. If the BOM cost is in the order of $100 to $200 that means only $200 million to make a million units. This is chump change for both Google and Microsoft. I don't think that Apple would a significant cost advantage if competitors play at the right level. Cost is asymptotic. Buy a Samsung and don't activate: Consumers don't operate that way. They need to be marketed a solution and they need to go to Walmart or Amazon and buy that solution. Ecosystem: Valid points. Content partnerships: If you build it, they will come. Content providers want more ways to monetize their content. MS/Google designs that differ: Yes! Huge problem. Apple got it right. They design and build. Period. The Android landscape is horrific. I have zero interest in developing for Android. Fifty different devices running half a dozen (or whatever) versions of the OS? Nah, life is too short. If MS is smart they will control this very tightly and provide uniformity and consistency. Zune: Crap. Not the same concept. What I am talking about is Phone/Pod/Pad/Tablet/Desktop sharing UI elements and apps. A long time ago I had the opportunity to work with the late Frank Zappa for a few months. I also had the opportunity to have long chats with him over dinner. Very interesting fellow. One night the topic of religion came up. He suggested that there was a market for starting a religion that enabled everything that all other religions said was not permitted. Funny, but probably true at some level. Take a look at everything Apple black-boxes and make it open while keeping enough controls to keep the platform consistent and uniform across devices. This could be huge. And please, give me the ability to talk to a serial port (or USB or I2C or SPI) without restrictions so I can put the devices to use in a lot of very interesting areas that are just about impossible to approach with Apple's offerings. There are so many applications that could benefit from hardware interfacing to a smart phone that it's hard to make a list. Apple makes doing this very cumbersome and expensive. Just to be able to talk to the serial port you have to be approved for MFi membership and comply with a million requirements that only add expense to a product. That's why you don't see a simple serial cable available for open use. You can't legally buy the connectors and you have to also buy a decryption chip even to use the simplest functions. That's why you have people resorting to the ridiculous (but it works) extreme of using the headphone jack to build such things as credit card scanners and the like. They don't regulate the use of the headphone jack and seem to be approving apps that use it. Headphone jacks were being used way back when (Commodore 64 and TRS80 days) to talk to cassette-tape based storage. It's literally going back 30+ years in technology. While, on the surface, open peripheral port access might seem like a geek feature I think that this is far from reality. If peripheral port access on the iPhone was open for all to use you'd see all kinds of very interesting things happening with hardware for the iDevices that you simply aren't going to see given the current framework. Also, this is the reason why there are no inexpensive iDevice compatible hardware products. Developing them is very expensive due to the nature of the process. If MS was open about their I/O and they achieved reasonable penetration there's a whole layer of the product world that would open up to their tech. I think that when you come from behind and have the financial resources you just can't afford to ignore any market, no matter how insignificant it might look from your current vantage point. You never know where the next killer app might come from. When I was a kid I read a book by Spanish author Cervantes, Don Quijote. One of the famous quotes not in the book but somehow attributed to him goes something like this: "Ladran, Sancho, señal que cabalgamos". Translated: "They are barking, Sancho, evidence that we are riding" (advancing or moving forward). That's what's happening here. These companies are barking because they are starting to see motion in a direction that does not benefit them and they are not ready to pivot towards. I must admit to not having evaluated what Boundless offers. I have not idea if they are trying to copy layout and design while inserting different words in the book. Or maybe their approach is to provide substantially the same content while being guided by the content of specific printed books. I suppose that dissection will be left up to the courts. Here is what I do know: Printed textbooks could certainly be made and sold for less. How much have algebra, geometry, trigonometry, calculus, physics, chemistry, history, geography, philosophy, etc. changed over the years for all but the most advanced levels of study? Not much, if at all. You could easily argue that, by now, a subject such as Trigonometry --where nothing new has happened for quite some time-- ought to result in free or near-free books. Nothing new needs to be written. Yet, new books are printed and old books are discarded every year. And these new books are very, very expensive for no good reason. If you can buy a 400 page book from Amazon for $20 there's no reason for a textbook on most subjects to cost a penny more than this. If anything it should probably cost less. Why in the world does a book on Biology sell for $152? A long time ago I read a very interesting book on business failures. I don't recall the exact title. It was something like "Why good companies fail". One of the key premises in the book was that companies that might lead or have a significant presence in a particular industry tend to ignore revolutionary change in their industry due to being really good about managing their existing business. This seems counterintuitive. Good management == Failure? Yes, that can and has happened many times. The book covered a wide range of industries, from the back-hoe tractor business to the hard drive industry. In every case-study the authors showed how the market-leader ignored what was going to be the next big thing out of an effort to protect and continue to grow and optimize their existing business. On the hard drive industry they tell the story of Seagate ignoring some of their engineers clamoring to build 3.5in hard drives. The managers, perhaps rightly so, are claimed to have said that IBM (their largest customer) did not want smaller drives with lesser capacity but rather the same 5.25in drives with greater capacity. They dismissed the engineers as not understanding their business and told them that they could do whatever they wanted with the useless 3.5in prototypes they designed and built on their own time. They left the company and started Conner Peripherals, which, for some time, owned the hard drive market and revolutionized it with their new small drives. I may not have the story precisely right because I don't recall all the details from when I read the book. The point of the story is mechanism to failure, which is what matters here. I also found this presentation that hits on this and other causes for failures: http://www.apa.org/divisions/div13/Presentations/Why%20Good%... I think the bottom line is that these companies have a really high probability of going extinct if they don't learn to adapt and figure out how to evolve rather than trying to do business as they have been doing for so long. The cheese moved. Litigation is one of the most perplexing things in business, at least for me. I've been around and have the scars to prove it. And, for the life of me I can't figure out why companies engage in this suicidal ritual for the dumbest of reasons. One of my favorite examples is company A filing a lawsuit to collect on a debt from company B during the economic downturn. The scenario I witnessed was almost surreal. Company B pleaded with company A and demonstrated that orders had stopped and customers simply could not get financing to purchase widgets from company B. Company A --a multi-billion-dollar entity-- did not want to reason and filed a lawsuit. Company B's CEO pleaded for patience and reaffirmed that the was no ill-will here, it was a simple matter of arithmetic: Not enough money was coming in to pay debts. Whatever was coming in had to be devoted to keeping people employed and making sure that the company could continue to exist in order to recover once things turned around. Nobody would listen. Company B was forced into filing bankruptcy. Company A got absolutely nothing out of the whole experiment other than forcing an otherwise good business into bankruptcy and loosing a valuable customer for life. Those running Company B started another business in the same industry two years later. Do you think they are doing business with Company A now? Sorry for the detour there. The point is that litigation is like being critical of someone's looks or weight. It only breeds negativity in the relationship. It seldom produces the desire to cooperate and find ways to make the whole greater than the sum of the parts. These companies would probably be better served by seeking to form a partnership with the revolutionaries in order to ensure that they are the ones who survive the transition. There is no doubt that education will see massive changes over the next decade. And, rightly so. From books to, unionized teachers, testing, government-driven curriculum and the way education is managed and dispensed, the entire industry is, of their own doing, ripe for take-over by new ideas that are sure to make it better. How does RMS earn a living? I often find it odd that people even talk about free software or software having to be free. There is, of course, no such thing. There's subsidized software, but no free software exists. Linux, as an example, is probably the most expensive piece of software ever developed. Think of all the people employed at universities and businesses who devoted time paid by their employer to develop Linux. Even if they did the work at home "on their own time". The only reason this was even remotely possible is because they had gainful employment that kept a roof over their heads and paid the bills. The same is true of students who contributed to Linux. Their parents, or the government (through a loan) provided the financial support to work on Linux. Not one of these people would have been able to work on Linux had their financial needs, need for shelter and generally "having a life" needs had not been met through either employment, parental support, loans or grants. Free software is, at best, subsidized, and at worst, not free at all. I'll be that Linux probably cost more to develop than Windows or OSX. Now, there's free to the end user. OK. That's fine. People will take free food, free beer, free ice-cream and free software. That's human nature. I don't find reveling against commercial software a particularly intelligent stance. No offense intended. Those writing software for sale are simply choosing to earn a living writing software that they sell rather than doing something else to subsidize software to be given away. If I am good at writing software, why should I be a gardener to pay for food and shelter and give away software? Furthermore, all of the software that RMS used as the model for GNU was the result of years of expensive development and none of it was free. It's a lot easier to, say, study and learn Unix and then go off and develop a "free" Unix clone than to have to invest years upon years developing and optimizing Unix in the first place. One of my favorite saying goes something like this: The second person who saw the wheel thought it was obvious. I don't find waging war against non-free software a particularly honorable stance when you are standing on the shoulders of giants who devoted years and billions of dollars to evolve an industry and, yes, make money with it. I wonder if he refuses medical attention when he goes to the hospital because the software on all of the systems at the hospital do not use free software. There's a word that describes a type of person who thinks and behaves this way and it isn't a flattering one. No, I get the free == freedom part. And it is still nonsensical at many levels. I developed hardware for many years. A lot of this hardware was based on FPGAs. FPGAs, while hardware, are made into a functional solution through code. You write your hardware description in Verilog of VHDL and you get a working product in return. Some of this code took years to develop, evolve and optimize. It was very, very costly. And, there was no imaginable way that it made sense to release it as free (freedom) code. Doing that meant going out of business or seriously damaging a revenue stream that funded the development in the first place. The same applies to my hospital example. Not free to own and not free to modify. In fact, it is both expensive and very much closed. And there is nothing wrong with that. My basic premise remains true regardless of which flavor of "free" you choose to focus on: None of this would be possible without the financials to support and promote the release of gratis/freedom software. Impossible. You mentioned MS as the greatest contributor to the Linux kernel last year. That cost MS millions to support. Those millions had to come from non-gratis/non-freedom software that MS charges for and keeps as closed source in order to earn money and employ their people. That's their model and there's nothing wrong with it. RMS --or anyone else-- rejecting non-freedom software offerings in isolation of the realities that connect the two is nonsense. You would not have one without the other. It's a symbiotic relationship. To further use your example: Support Microsoft non-gratis/non-freedom software offerings if you want to support the worlds largest contributor to the Linux kernel last year. I don't know, it could be a nice gesture by RMS and other proponents of his philosophies to support, rather than reject, MS in order to voice approval for their --per your assertion-- unmatched support of Linux (and probably other gratis/freedom software). The healthier approach, in my opinion, is to recognize that both models have their place and that both have their evolutionary reasons to be perfectly valid and exist. I do and I try to support both. The problem with the word "free" in English is that it has two meanings. In other languages there are distinct words for these two meanings. In Spanish they are "gratis" and "libre". So, gratis/libre software cannot exist outside the realities of the exact opposite type of software, non-free in every sense of the word. And that's OK. My problem is with extremists who insist in not recognizing this and see the world through one and only one lens. I use gratis/libre software. However, more often than not, I will look for paid software for a lot of applications where I need to ensure that proper support exists and, sometimes more importantly, that the software continues to be developed and evolves. All too often gratis/libre software falls short as developers loose interest in a field, leave school and need to earn a living or completely falls through the cracks and remains stagnant for years. Stories about this kind of thing abound. In my own case, I have many examples of using gratis/libre software and then actively seeking paid alternatives in order to have a better solution with a single point of support. The other issue with the freedom to modify part of the argument is that this is only good for us geeks. The average folk out there derives no direct value whatsoever from this. And, in a lot of cases, neither do we even though a lot of us could. Here's the non-computing example for this: Do you fix your own car? Perhaps you do. I don't. Any more. When I was 19 I spent most of my weekends under the car or in the engine compartment. I can take an engine or transmission apart and rebuild it like the best mechanics. Yet, I have not done this for years. Why? That's just not what I do any more. I have other interests. And, more importantly, I need to focus my time, money and efforts elsewhere. When faced with gratis/libre software that comes with source and a license to hack, frankly, in most cases, I have zero interest in doing so. I've done some, but that's not what I am in front of the computer to do every day. No, I need to get my work done and my job isn't defined as fixing problems with OpenOffice or some other piece of software. OpenOffice, as an example, has never worked for me or any business where I tried my best to introduce it. It is unreasonable to expect any business to continue to use a solution that does not work. So, in all cases, we moved on, paid for MS Office and got back to real work. So, geeks want the ability to hack but I'd bet you that most just want to get on with building their products rather than fixing a problem with PHP or whatever. Sure, some do hack, a lot of them do hack, but that does not justify a position AGAINST closed source software. I think that, in the end, we probably agree on a lot. I just don't like extremes in anything, from politics to religion and, yes, software. In most cases one population needs the other. It's OK to want to support gratis/libre software. I am just contending that this should not happen at the exclusion and vilification of paid/closed software because one would not exist without the other. Your MS example is the best proof I need: Support non-free software and you get huge benefits in the free software community. And that's OK. RMS and other should actively promote and support this. This ain't a hobby. > I'd much rather the money go into some sort of vaguely 21st century high-speed rail infrastructure, particularly for short to medium inter-city trips. Yikes! No! This is a complete waste of money. Our cities are just not built to make use of something like this. The various stake holders (environmental groups, politicians, industry, unions, etc.) all but make sure that these projects will cost ten times more than they should and end-up in exactly the wrong places. And, because of this, not enough people will use them. Take the proposal that was floating around a while ago (maybe still is) to build a high-speed rail connection between Los Angeles and Las Vegas. Maybe it is a good idea, I don't know. Here's the problem. The start point in LA is Central Station. That's Downtown Los Angeles. In other words, an hour to two hours away from this great mass of people living in the area. That is, if you even want to consider going Downtown (it ain't like Downtown San Francisco). I know I have absolutely zero interest in driving 50 miles to get on a train. Heck, I avoid LAX like the plague. Don't get me wrong. I'd love to see mass transportation akin to what they have in Europe. On my most recent trip I took the train from Amsterdam to Munich. I was great. I think that Europe evolved into this infrastructure while we evolved into something else. Take a city like Amsterdam and look at the light rail going everywhere. And take a look at the tens of thousands of bikes running around. That bike parking lot in Dam Square across from Central Station is simply amazing. Their culture and way of life have evolved around these ideas. Try to bring something like that into a megalopolis like Los Angeles and you'll fail. The place simply was not built with this kind of thinking in the first place. Heck, I drive 60 miles a day just picking up my kids from school! I would like to see a transition to something more sensible than what we are doing today. I really would. I just don't think that high-speed rail is the way to do it and, therefore, think that investing in it would be a complete waste of money and resources. If you want to feed money into something that has the potential to make great changes given our way of life and culture, send your monthly check to companies like Tesla. We desperately need to move away from these horrible, polluting and inefficient gasoline engines into something that provides greater options in terms of where energy might come from and could just be better for the environment. When in Europe do as the Europeans. Here in the US. Well. The analogy was not intended to be strict. That is impossible. What you want, really, might be akin to the car company releasing the full design files of the car to you when you buy the car. What's the difference between source code for software and source code (the design) for making a car or a refrigerator these days. I fire-up Solidworks and can design a car. I fire-up various compilers and write the embedded code that runs the engine control systems, etc. To create Linux, PHP or any piece of software you have teams of programmers in front of computers typing away. The case is the same for designing a car or a microwave oven. Are you suggesting that Samsung should grant you the ability to download all the design files for that $69 microwave you bought at Walmart? Probably not. Why not? It's the same thing. I have spent years designing products that combine hardware and software. I've done it all in front of a computer. Exactly as I do when I code a website or an iPhone app. No difference. So, then, why treat them any different? Why aren't the proponents of free/freedom also not buying cars or supporting microwave oven makers than don't release their design files. Ridiculous you say? So be it. It may very well be that it is not I who isn't getting it. My world is complete and equitable because I understand, like, support and promote that BOTH points of view are part of a symbiotic relationship. You cannot have free/freedom without paid/closed. Period. I noticed that you neglected to mention my observations about you bringing up that MS was the largest contributor to the Linux kernel last year. You, with that, made my point with absolute precision: The largest contributor to Linux last year could afford to do so because they earn a revenue stream from another paid activity. And, in this case, it happens to be paid/closed software. Again, I propose that the extremist view that ALL software ought to be free or free+freedom is simply not realistic and actually counterproductive. What do you think would happen if someone like RMS came out and said something like: "I've decided to start supporting MS products because they enable MS to make significant and valuable contributions to the FOSS software community" I'd bet you a good cup of coffee that you'd see a huge boost in the amount of FOSS work coming out of MS and others. If you look at what RMS represents you can't help but cringe. He's actually proud of working with a piece of crap computer that is probably a decade behind the times. In his world the millions of people that have gained and continue to enjoy employment due to the evolution and improvements of paid/closed platforms and software would not have jobs. It's a joke. I come from the vantage point of having designed and built my own computers down to the chip level. Having literally wire-wrapped my own boards. Designed my own disk controller cards and written my own OS and applications. So, I'll say that I have some skin in the game. And, yes, I know that a 1GHz machine with very lean software can do quite a bit. I was running AutoCAD on a CP/M system with 64K of RAM and a two-card math co-processor and RAM disk with 640K of memory. And I did a lot of good work with that. But, you know, today, I gladly pay thousands of dollars a year for licenses to programs such as SolidWorks and Altium Designer to get my work done. They are amazing and do a great job. They represent a tremendous amount of R&D and expertise in the field. And, no, I don't care to have the source code and don't really give a shit if they don't want to release it. It's their product and they should be entitled to do with it as they please. My annual license fees get me continued and consistent improvement and support. We might want to agree to disagree at this point. I have a feeling that Apple might just start to run into the kinds of realities MS and others have been living with for years. Either they choose to piss off millions of users of older devices or figure out how to allow for evolution without causing problems for the installed base. Or, maybe they don't. As an iDevice user I am glad that I chose to buy all my devices with the absolute max storage available. Everything I have has 64GB. So, we are good for a little bit. As a developer I cringe at the situation. I am currently working on an app that has about 400 graphics files that will ship with the app. If you do it their way you have to produce each one of these files in four different resolutions. This means that the image directory is now huge. It is three times larger than a scenario where we would have app bundles customized for each device. In looking at the problem we decided to do the following. All of our files are produced at what would be @2X resolution but are named without the @2X. We are going to ship the app with just 400 files at a single resolution instead of 1600 files at four different resolutions. In the end, if you do the math, your app bundle will be significantly smaller due to the significant reduction in size of the images directory. As far as performance is concerned, the images work very well all they way back to iPod touch v2.0 devices. No issues there. So, that's the plan. Maybe what Apple is pushing all of us towards is a scenario where we are forced to detect device type and capabilities and load resources accordingly on app first run. Think about this for a moment. Now their servers don't have to push out so much content and you will have to foot the bill for your free graphics-intensive app getting three million downloads. I could be off base here. But, I just don't see a way to deal with this unless you are willing to ship your app with thousands of files, most of which will never be used by the device the app is installed on. I also think it's high time that apple put out an iDevice with the ability to expand memory capacity in the field. I know, I know, they want to control it all. They are big enough to have custom Flash chips made with all the encryption they want so people can't move the flash chips from phone to phone and steal software. Happy coding. Yup. It's probably closer to 500 files, but about 400 are affected by the quadrupling of files issue. Of course, I agree with what you are saying. What I am saying is that these issues will become more and more pressing now that they are operating at a much larger scale than in prior years. In the past they could piss-off their cult followers and move on. I am not sure this is the case today. I think it might be reasonable to assume that normal folks --the bulk of the people buying iDevices--, not tech guys or cult members, will not take kindly to their 16 GB iPhone becoming obsolete simply because Apple released an iPad with more resolution. They would feel that this is absurd, and rightly so. There's nothing whatsoever wrong with older devices. Techies are different. I buy crap I don't really need just 'cause it's cool and sometimes because I want to actively support the company doing the cool stuff. Normal folk are far more practical than that. If a normal person has a lesser-storage iPhone and, overnight, half their apps go away because they wont fit, they will not run out and buy a new phone. They'll be pissed. This will be particularly true if some mainstream media outlet grabs ahold of the reasons that led to this and outs the story to the general public. There's another angle to this as well: Trash. Now Apple is in a position to generate, quite literally, mountains of trash based on decisions to not support older devices. I am not an environmental extremist by any measure, but I certainly don't like the idea of millions of perfectly good devices ending-up in the trash bin due to a bad tech decision. Thinking some more about the problem I concluded that I don't personally have a problem with the creation of multiple versions of the artwork. Most of it can be done through batch processing and some hand tweaking. No big deal. The issue is with app bundle bloat and the download of a huge number of files into a device that will not use them. Here's an off-the-top-of-my-head potential solution: Update Xcode to sensibly handle file structures within a project. You know, the blue folders. We currently use blue folders for all app assets because, well, can you imagine maintaining 1600 files all in on directory? The problem with blue folders today is that they needle you with pain. You have to remember to do clean builds (scripts during the build don't seem to work reliably) and, in general, be very aware of them. Once they are part of your process its not a big deal, but I think it's high time that Xcode come to this century and do something that most other development systems have been doing for, I don't know, decades? Anyhow, once that is in place, you could have a directory structure such as this one at the app root: App Resources App Resources @2X App Resources ~ipad App Resources ~ipad @2X I then want to include a JSON file at the app root level that points out the root directories for each device category. Maybe something like this: { "ipod 1": "App Resources", "ipod 2": "App Resources", "ipod 3": "App Resources", "ipod 4": "App Resources @2X", "iphone 1": "App Resources", "iphone 2": "App Resources", "iphone 3": "App Resources", "iphone 4": "App Resources @2X", "iphone 4S": "App Resources @2X", "ipad 1": "App Resources ~ipad", "ipad 2": "App Resources ~ipad", "ipad 3": "App Resources ~ipad @2X" } Now provide for a way to load this JSON data into the app and have relevant methods, such as "imageNamed" use a device specific path. My guess is that you'd want this to be by extension rather than modification so: + (UIImage *) imageNamedAndKeyForPath:(NSString *)name key_for_path:(NSString *)key Obviously the key would be used to retrieve the value from the JSON file or, preferably, a value already stored in memory when the JSON file was parsed at app start time. Apple then, would have a mechanism to only deliver the appropriate resource files during an in-device installation. iTunes could download the whole set and also be intelligent during to-device installation. They'd use the JSON file to have the developer tell them which files to deliver. Any files left outside the designated directories would be treated as they are today: Everything goes to every device. Also, other methods that take a path, such as "imageWithContentsOfFile" ought to have a version that uses the aforementioned mechanism while --and this is important-- letting me specify relative paths from the device-specific folder. If I have something like this: + character + arms + legs + head + background + trees + rocks + clouds I ought to be able to access the path structure relative to the chosen device-specific directory of assets. On first inspection this sounds like a good solution. I haven't thought it through entirely. I'd be interested to hear of what holes the idea might have. Something like this could have a striking effect on app bundle size, particularly on older devices. I don't think that it places an undue burden on developers either, if anything it makes things easier. Heck I'm sure Apple could even find a way to make it a marketing point: "Four times as many apps in the same space". Another interesting point about using a JSON file to map to device-specific resources is that the concept could be extended for future devices. Let's say that a future iDevice comes with a better audio engine. Maybe it can do 5.1 surround? You could extend the JSON structure to include a section to define where the 5.1 surround files would be for the new device. Older devices wouldn't have to waste storage and download audio files that they can never use. Agreed. My next car will be fully electric whether I buy it or build it myself. As far as organizing my life around it. Kind of tough. Sell the house and move? Can't do that. The schools are not moving. One of my kids will start at a school closer to home this year. The number will go down to 35 miles per day then. I can then contemplate the idea of a pedal-powered electric-assisted four-wheel contraption that I could most certainly build myself for a fraction of what an electric car would cost. It'd be a great project to teach the kids some engineering and ride around during good whether. > an overengineered solution by somebody who is not quite familiar with what the platform has to offer. Geez, thanks. UIImage's handling of assets based on file name is a horrible band-aid. Also, one has to think workflow. And, to make things more interesting, exaggerate. Let's make it 5,000 files in one directory. That's a mess. With device-specific directories an artist could create a workflow leading to easy maintenance and creation of files. No need to engage in funky naming conventions. The per-device files are simply located where they need to be and a mechanism is provided to identify which path serves a particular device type. Another problem with UIImage is that there is no way to communicate to Apple which files are to be delivered to, say, an iPod touch. So, an external mechanism is required in order to encode that information. Hence the proposal for an external JSON (or whatever) file. Why JSON. I like it. Supported by iOS 5.0 as well. Easy to maintain and exist externally to Xcode. This also means that I can write scripts or automation tools on a PC or Mac to automate the creation of assets and their placement within the proper structure. The file used within the app to communicate the per-device directory structure would also could also serve external purposes that cannot be covered with plists. In our case, as an example, all of our assets are being produced on PC's, not Macs. > Apple is not in the business of giving developers (or users) choices. That's another matter. Although my proposal wasn't about providing choices as much as it is about a mechanism to only deliver the necessary files to a device. Only the developer can make decisions about which files are appropriate, not Apple. Ultimately, I don't care what technology might be used in order to enable something like this so long as it works and is reasonably open. Right now I'd love to be able to deliver only 1X files to iPods and ~ipad@2X files to the new iPad rather than forcing a huge download of 1,600 files to every device or the current project on our table. That's just silly. I have a question about localization: Does Apple deliver all language files to a device or only those based on the localization settings? That could be another area of app bloat. Also, keep in mind that localization can also exist in graphical assets. You could have images with built-in text that need to be switched in based on localization. So, an English version of the app uses this set and an Italian version another set of assets. This might include sound files. Depending on how this is handled it can start to explode the app bundle in impressive ways. Start with 100 images. Now you need 400 to cover all device display configurations. Then you need to replicate this on a per-language basis. If you cover, say, five languages, you are up to 2,000 files potentially delivered to every single device regardless of applicability. I realize that this is a corner case where all images need to be localized. No need to point that out. I have not done any internationalization yet, so I don't know how this part works. For some cases it might not be practical to release a separate app in different languages. For example, a kids app that is able to operate in English and Spanish and sold through the US app store. I can't really fault anything that was said in the article. What left me wanting was the ending. I was expecting the equivalent of the main character happily walking into the sunset. In other words, something akin to: "And now that we have established why PHP sucks let me tell you what I use and why. I use . Here are all the reasons for making these choices:"... To me at least, an equally thorough treatment of what he might consider the "right" or "good" language would have made the time invested in reading the bitch-about-PHP feel more valuable. You'd walk away with at least one well-studied view for a potential direction away from PHP. As the article is currently written you are told all the reasons why what you are using is shit but not given any hint as to what you might consider looking into. If ~ PHP then ? Why? Had we waited for the development of ideal programming tools for the web, the Internet would still be struggling to get off the ground. By making the best of what we have and by continually evolving better solutions we've been able to create something that has, quite literally, changed the world. Let's keep that in mind. The goal and the end-result isn't a monument to superb software engineering. What we create are experiences for, mostly, non-tech users. How the sausage is made almost isn't important (as long as it doesn't kill you). It's easy to get lost in the pursuit for technical excellence and ignore the realities of building a business. The fact that Facebook is built on PHP should pretty much tell the story and put a lid on these endless arguments: You use whatever tools you have available at the time to create a good user experience. People don't pay for your choice of programming language. In fact, they couldn't care less. That's not to say that the tech world should not strive to be on a path of continual improvement and technical evolution. Not at all. I guess what I am trying to say at one level is "quit griping and get back to building a product, nothing else matters". That said: What might be a likely improved successor to PHP? By this I mean, a language that can gain wide adoption while dealing with a number of the issues of PHP (and other languages) and has a high likelihood of being deployed as far and wide as PHP is today. I'd sure make a very nice conversation piece. I find the slower one to be really interesting. I'm teaching my kid Java. Does Java for Arduino exist? I don't want to confuse him with disparate languages, even though going to C++ wouldn't be a horrible stretch. If Java on Arduino isn't a possiblity, are there Arduino-like boards for Java? Why does one have to point to origin.meteor.com to host on a custom domain? Does using "meteor bundle" also require pointing to origin.meteor.com? As concepts go, not a bad start. One of my immediate thoughts was that this would be better served on a multi-monitor system. Every single one of our development machines has three 24 inch 1920 x 1200 screens. It's fantastic. You can keep everything you need up and available. It makes working on complex ideas an absolute pleasure. On the hardware design front we use a program use a EDA tool called Altium Designer for schematics and board design. This, by far, is the most well thought-out application I have seen when it comes to multi-monitor smarts. It makes for a nicely flowing and efficient design process. For years I've been bothered by the fact that we still use ASCII text-based documents to program. Having spent a good deal of time programing in APL, a language that uses symbols extensively, I'd like to think that I saw just how different things could be. Having said that, every time I've looked into graphical programming paradigms they almost always seem to fall apart or get in the way of translating ideas and thoughts into machine instructions. In the end, at least for me, it's about having an environment and a language that gets out of the way and let's me program the way you'd play the piano: The music just flows and the technical bits that make it happen are invisible. Sun SPOT sounds really interesting, thanks. We have Mindstorms and have switched to RobotC from CMU rather than using the graphical programming approach. That works well enough. It seems that all middle and high-school programs that do Mindstorms stay with the graphical programming approach which is a shame because it makes doing anything serious very difficult. I probably have dozens of languages under my belt (not keeping count) so learning a new language isn't a problem. As they say: "'been there, 'done that". In other words, I am not the kind that will stay away from a product just because the language is new to me or I don't have a ton of experience using it. In the end, if you've been around programming for a while there really aren't very many new concepts that one couldn't pick-up quickly enough. The first time I had to implement a genetic solver in Objective-C I was new to the language. Sure, it took a little longer to optimize it, but I knew what I had to do and it was just a matter of fitting it to the language. No big deal. At least that's how I think, valid or not. Good books are the key. I've had "Javascript: The Good Parts" on my list for a while. Pulling the trigger today. I did go through the Sitepoint books about a year ago. In thinking about it it seems like the most sensible bit of advice is to let Meteor mature before jumping in. I think I am going to stick with the existing game-plan until then. There will be plenty of front-end Javascript/JQuery/Backbone to write. This should pave the way to considering Meteor later on. It was bound to happen... Not my petition. Still, if you read through the WH petitions site there are a lot of them asking for Congress to become involved. I would imagine that, at some level, this is probably a way to raise awareness. That said, they all talk to each other to think otherwise is probably a little naive. Probably true. I do like the idea that someone is getting tired of Google's behavior. I'd sign it but I hate the idea of having an account with the White House. Probably dumb on my part. I just have a distrust of politicians, regardless of affiliation. I've already said that this is NOT my petition. There are no issues with my Google accounts because I avoid all of their products except for Analytics. I don't use AdSense or AdWords because of the way they behave. That they engage in questionable practices is probably without dispute. For specific instances, well, Google something like "google suspended my account" which returns some 12 million results. If you have the time, read through the first hundred or so and see if you agree with the general sentiment. Also, on the being vague part. I read somewhere that the petitions severely limit the number of characters you can use(I think it is 500 or so). It might be difficult to create a really detailed petition under those conditions. I don't know if they allow links or not. The problem I have with the "just learn to code" crowd is that there's a huge gap between being able to write "for" loops and programming. Take data representation as an example. In school one of my professors used to harp all the time that data representation is, in his view, the most important aspect of programming. He'd say something like: "Pick the wrong data representation representation and you can make a simple project into a nightmare to write, maintain and extend". Programming is about having an arsenal of non-language-specific concepts come to your fingers as you think about the problems you are trying to solve. Data structures, algorithms, data representation, design patterns, optimization, tool selection, workflow, etc. This is particularly true today when a programmer might have to be comfortable with half a dozen languages in order to create "a simple website" or a mobile app. Yes, anyone can learn to code. Programming and building non -trivial products takes time, experience and lots of hours making lots of mistakes while you continue learning. By all means, go and learn. Anyone can do it given time and dedication. I just don't agree with articles that seem to imply that an art student can go out and buy one of those "learn in 21 days" books and become a programmer. Not how it works. I have hired programmers who "learned in 21 days" just to be open minded. Never again. I am NOT elitist. I am not saying that a CS degree from a top-level university is necessary. Not at all. I've worked with college dropouts that can run circles around PhD's. No question about it. No, what I am saying is that becoming a good programmer requires a lot more than what is covered in these 21 day books. To be clear, I don't want to pick on those books, I've used them myself and they are excellent. However, I come at it with twenty years of having worked on everything from assembler to, well, all kinds of languages. It's one thing to be able to to hack at a language. It's quite another to be a good programmer, regardless of what language you happen to have to use. It's the difference between Luke flying the Starfighter with instruments and using the Force. One focuses on the mechanics, the other just flows through you. OK, maybe I went too far on that one... When someone suggests a business idea like this one I come back with this: "It's a great business idea. It will provide you with the freedom to choose which 20 hours of the day you want to work, including weekends." Here's the reality: He gets huge points for going out and "getting into the game". Who knows? This might be what he loves and ends-up thriving despite the hard work and long hours. There are lots of businesses like that. And, frankly, the fact that they don't scale matters not to a huge percentage of business owners. The greatest thing about this is that you have a (presumably) young man learning about the realities of business. Succeed or fail, he will be better for it. And, should he choose to move on and do something else he'll be a million times better prepared to make the right decisions and do well. He will succeed, regardless of whether this first venture does or not. OK, so now when they suspend your Google account you also get to experience loosing whatever you had in Google Drive. Just for this I am converting my Dropbox account into one of their paid packages to do my part in ensuring they stick around. One would hope that at one point Google might start to realize that the way they are handling accounts could work against their own interests. I --and I am sure others-- have exactly zero interest in touching any Google product other than Analytics because it can all go "poof" overnight if an algorithm doesn't like something you did somewhere...and you'll never know why and never have real recourse to attempt to fix it. Just to be clear: I love just about everything Google has done and what they generally stand for. The one thing I hate viscerally is their approach to customer-no-service and how that relates to accounts. This aspect of what they do and how they behave is nothing less than moronic and possibly evil. I'll relate one of my own stories briefly so readers can understand where I am coming from. One of my clients had some 200 domains registered with GoDaddy. Since they were not in use they decided to park them in GoDaddy's "Cash Parking" service. Why not? All was well for months. They didn't really make any money, but they were not expecting this to be the case anyway. A lot of these domains were slated to be used in perfectly legitimate sites as development progressed. For example, one of them was aimed at legal information and, yes, it was going to use ads served by Google when it finally went online. One day my client says: "Hey, just learned that this GoDaddy cash parking thing is entirely served by Google. Why don't we cut out the middle man and use Google directly?" He went on to point out that Google had a service called "AdSense Domain Parking" or thereabouts. Here's how it worked: You park your domains with Google. They post ads on the domains. They pay you a percentage. Sounds easy enough. So, using their Google account we transfered all 200 domains from the GoDaddy service to Google's Domain Parking service. You had to enter all the domains into an online form and they went through an approval process. I would imagine that they don't want to deal with objectionable domains. No problem with that. All 200 domains were accepted and went "live" with Google-based ad serving. Now, let's clarify what this means: Google has FULL control over what ads are served. Furthermore, Google also has full control of the search that might lead to the discovery of these domains. The domains were up for two days without any issues. On day three they received the dreaded "account disabled due to suspicious activity". Poof! Gone. Done. And that means everything: G-mail, Docs, AdWords, AdSense. All gone in an instant. To say that my client was distraught is an understatement. They just got their Google accounts killed off and didn't know why. There was no real recourse of any kind and no way to communicate with an intelligent being of any biological species whatsoever. This was brutal, final, totalitarian and as unfair as could be. Not one person in my shop or my client's shop touched any of these ads. We were far too busy with real business to engage in surfing for pennies-per-click. Then again, to this day, we don't know if the allegation was click fraud or something else. We'll never know. Some of the domains were political in nature so there are also some conspiracy theories floating about. The point of the story behind this incident is that my client, a reputable and honest enterprise, lost access to all Google tools and services for the simple act of trying a service that they had been using for months through GoDaddy. Nothing changed other than GoDaddy was no-longer in the revenue stream. This incident really damaged my client. The loss of documents and email was one part of it. The other was that some of the planned (and very legitimate) sites were going to use a business model based around ads served by Google. That's when I basically pulled the plug on Google as far as recommending it to anyone at all. You can use Analytics because there's really no way that I know of for your account to be closed down based on your use of Analytics. Everything else is, as far as I am concerned, a ticking time bomb. As far as I am concerned, if you build a business around or rely upon anything Google offers you are very likely out of your mind. It might work for some, but it is a dangerous thing to rely on. It's interesting that this surfaced recently (NOT MINE): https://wwws.whitehouse.gov/petitions/!/petition/call-upon-c... OK, I have to ask. Where does one get a database containing every CD in existence? Nice, thanks. Didn't read the fine print... Does this mean that you will be able to use any Twitter-patented technology at will and not expect to be sued for it? Isn't this about the implementation of the virtual machine rather than the language itself? Funny enough, thinking about a project over the last few weeks I found myself wondering if there were any legal restrictions to implementing your own JVM with commercial purposes. I couldn't find any guidance on this at the Oracle site. Maybe the answer to this question will be borne out of this trial? Where does it say that 501's are actually productive and produce good bug-free code? Being a little bit of a dick here, but programming is art and science and there are aspects of it that require dedication beyond a 9 to 5 mentality. I, for one, prefer to hold reasonable hours and come home to the kids. At the same time, I am no stranger to 18 hour days, seven days a week. Sometimes inspiration and problem solving require you to stay on task longer in order to get things done. And then there are those bug-hunting missions that sometimes never end. I once spent six months tracking down a software bug in a hardware design (Verilog, FPGA). High-speed digital designs can be notoriously difficult to troubleshoot. The problem was caused by a rounding error in an Excel spreadsheet used to calculate parameters plugged into the code months earlier. We used "ROUND()" instead of "ROUNDUP()". Though I digress, the point is that programming sometimes is about recognizing when you need to do a little (or a lot) more than watch a clock. I'm not proposing that all programmers ought to work ridiculous hours. Whenever I've done 18 hour stints it took me out of the game for weeks. And that's OK so long as there was a point to exerting yourself to that extent. The bottom of the manifesto says: "To us it is just a job, but we still do it well." That, to me, is a guarantee to not being hired. That it is "just a job" means that they might as well be welding, at least to me. I don't want people like that in my team. Having said that, I am the first one to tell someone to get the hell out of the office if they need to go see their kid perform at their school event at noon. Get the hell out and go enjoy the day with your family. Need to take a four day weekend when it isn't an official holiday? Do it! Send pictures. The point is that you build a team and everyone looks after everyone else while having one hell of a time creating a product. Respect, dedication and consideration. 5:01? How about not coming to work to go fly a kite with your kid? I like that. What's interesting is that I agree with everything you said! My view of the job is that you should be passionate about what you are creating. That is not at the exclusion of personal or family life. Not at all. At times this dedication to the task will result in sacrifices. I am saying that, so long as these are justified this is OK. If working long hours is normal there might be something wrong with the process. My view was more about that case where "Hey, I am really into getting this state machine figured out. I should stay and get it done 'cause I'm in groove" or "we really have to ship this by Friday, let's get it done and take a few days off next week". In my view of the job the team is a team and everyone looks after everyones interests and well-being. I've let employees go out of town for a few days (fully paid) to go see a concert by a band they really liked. When asked, if nothing horribly pressing is happening I'll almost always say "yes". Why? Because I have those interests and passions outside of work too and it would not be fair to treat others differently. This is not a religious view, BTW, as I am most definitely not religious. When someone takes a few unscheduled days off to go do something they love the business does not loose money, you gain by fostering a stronger relationship as well as having someone come back from their trip re-infused with energy. Robotically clocking out at 5:01PM has never made sense for me, even when I was the employee. I don't think I have ever worked 9 to 5 in my life. Maybe I'm lucky 'cause I've had fun jobs that I wanted to keep doing. Interesting. In my view of the world is that there are no sick days, no personal days, no vacation days and no holidays. Fuck all that. As long as you own and are responsible for what you are supposed to be doing and deliver on the commitments made you are free to manage your time as you see fit. In reality, it's a team decision and not the decision of the boss (me, in this case). If someone wants to go out of town to see a concert or take the kids to Disneyland for a few days, we talk about it. More often than not there are no issues and the answer is "send pictures". Sometimes the answer is "OK, but could you take the laptop and see if you can finish this little chunk of code". When it can't happen it is obvious to everyone. Want to take a month off to go down to Argentina? Let's figure out how to do it. You might have to drag along the laptop and keep up with some stuff, but there are probably few reasons to say no. Can I come? The same applies to sick days or "personal" days (who came up with that term?). You are sick? Please go to the doctor and stay home? Need to go take care of that speeding ticket? Take the day if you have to. This also applies to work hours. Sometimes you have to put in the time to get something done. When discussed as a team these instanced become self-evident. I said in another post that I am no stranger to 18 hour days. I hate doing it, but sometimes you have to. In all cases this kind of thing must be fully justified. It can't be the norm. If it is, something is seriously wrong or you need more people. 9 to 5 programmers have one guarantee: They will work 9 to 5 every day and will be held to strict rules when it comes to vacation, personal and sick days. If you want to work a strict 9 to 5 schedule I have to treat you differently. I have to treat you by the letter of the law. So, while the guy/gal in the other plan is in Argentina having fun and doing some coding, the 501'er will be clocking in and out and accounting for meal time and vacation days. Yuck! I, personally, hate that kind of work accounting. Not for me. To each his/her own. No need to feel guilty. The power of making everything a group decision is that, if it works well balance and fairness is a natural result. I grant you that this is a hard model to scale. Not sure how you'd do it with 1,000 employees. Thankfully I have never worked in the bowels of such monsters. > The only thing I really disagreed with was the notion that 501 developers aren't necessarily good developers. I don't think I said that. If I implied it, I'm sorry, I should have used more precise language as this is not what I believe. My comment about writing good code had to do with their manifesto. They obviously go into a lot of the reasons why they want to work 9 to 5 but fail to also commit to doing a solid eight hours of work and producing good code during that time. You can work eight hours and produce absolutely nothing or far less than you could/should. So, if you are going to work eight hours and code for eight hours --no youtube, no facebook, no HN, no anything outside of what you are supposed to be doing-- then, that might be OK. In other words, like brick layer lays builds a wall or a Walmart employee attends to the cash register. If you want flexibility than you are not a 501'er. And that's just fine. I think this only works when everyone involved is reasonably capable and experienced. Pure management numskulls that can't code themselves out of a while loop are never going to get it. No need for them in my little universe. I've been in the game long enough to know just how funny it is to say "Here's the deadline for this project". Really? How in the world did you come up with that date? This isn't to say that one should not have a sense of how long something will take, but software projects are notoriously tough to estimate from just about every perspective. I'm not sure what "load balancing" means. Are you asking about one person working more than another or the rate of code produced per unit time (say, per day)? Well, all situations are not the same. Obviously things will be different when managers are knowledgeable. This doesn't mean that they have to know it all. I like people who come right out and say "I don't know much about this" because then everyone starts learning. It elevates the conversation from nonsense to something constructive. Want to experience real pain? PayPal + eBay. Talk about some horror stories. Here's what's interesting: It's YOUR MONEY. This isn't a credit card. It's a payment system that allows you to take your money --real cash-- and pay for things. Why are they placing limits on people's own money? If the account has enough balance for the purchase in question (and the money has been there for a while) you should be able to spend it as you wish. As for linking a bank account. Not a big deal these days. You can open an account with $100. I don't see this as a problem, particularly if you are talking about paying thousands for conferences. Yes, it's a pain to keep track of. That's what Quicken/Quickbooks is for. I've been using it since the early days (by that I mean IBM PC/DOS). The paragraph you quote does not represent anything I have ever experienced with any version of the product. How would you react if someone spoke to you as you just did to the author of this post? I suspect you would not like it very much. Perhaps you should consider tempering your words next time. The last paragraph of your post is worthy of discussion, the rest, as written, is an attack devoid of any class, manners and consideration. I feel that balance, which can be hard to achieve, need a spot on the list. I had a friend who's approach was akin to work hard and be frugal. He was so frugal that he became famous for not cashing his paychecks for weeks. As an engineer he made very good money. He saved most of it and had been buying gold and silver as investments for the last 20 years. He and his wife were going to move to Hawaii and enjoy life. On his last trip there to buy a house he went for a swim out of the same beach they had visited for years. And he never came back. This is an extreme example of a case where lack of balance produced the wrong outcome. He did not enjoy a lot of things in life because of his extreme focus on frugality. Seek balance. What do you mean? It's perfectly readable if you know APL. Things I'd like to see before I consider using or recommending GDrive: - A statement from Google regarding whether or not they will scan the data and files in GDrive to develop further profiling information or other data about the user - A guarantee from Google that GDrive will not be subject to account lockout in the event of account suspension due to AdWords/AdSense algorithmic (or human) triggers. In fact, I'd want that guarantee for any Google service. Here's what Dropbox has that Google cannot currently offer: If your work in AdSense/AdWords triggers a Google account suspension you do not loose access to your data with Dropbox. Being that the algorithmic shutdown can happen at any time, without notice, warning or recourse, it is a far safer bet to keep your data on Dropbox, at any price. The other guarantee you have is that Dropbox will not mine your data, email and docs to get deeper into your head and your life. Maybe Google offers this too. I don't know. I quit looking at their terms of service a while ago. I'll reserve judgement on that. I'm sure someone will tell me how this works. In fact, Dropbox, the best come-back to GDrive might very well be to offer email and document services. I know that this might be a huge undertaking, but I am sure that there are lots of people, like myself, who have developed a serious trust issue with Google due to the way they behave on the AdWords/AdSense side of things. This is an area ripe for an incursion simply because of what google isn't doing well: Customer Service. As I have stated on numerous posts in the past, I have zero interest in any tool outside of Google Analytics because of the shitty approach they have to customer-no-service everywhere else. Could I use gmail and gdocs? Of course. Would I pay for that service? Certainly. Why don't I? Because I have zero interest in loosing access to my data because of some shitty algorithm, the lack of a staged approach to dealing with account issues and an even crappier non-existing customer service philosophy. Why I feel this way (from about a week ago): http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3804260 A thought on what could be a better system: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3804260 Sorry, this is what the first link should have been: Why I feel this way (from about a week ago): http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3849318 Neat project. Interestingly enough, I often use the core memory patent as an example of a true invention worthy of being issued a patent. If there's an invention that was, at the time, new, useful and non-obvious this was it. Here's that patent: http://www.google.com/patents/US2667542 One of my favorite examples of the opposite, that is, obtaining a patent for something that is not an invention is this MIT patent: http://www.google.com/patents/US5650704 Yes, they patented a motor connected to a spring with a force sensor to control, well, force. You know the old F = kx spring formula. Not to beat MIT to death --they do a lot of great stuff that I'll never understand-- but filing for a patent on a motor with a spring? The real joke is that the patent office granted it. Don't get me started on software patents. OT for this thread anyway. I think there's evidence of Goggle detecting multiple accounts and suspending all of them when an algo triggers on one of the accounts. I can't vouch for this but I remember reading posts about such things maybe a year ago. It's not necessarily about loosing data or loosing GDrive alone. There are many scenarios one could think of. Firstly, if your account gets locked out you loose ALL Google services. If you've been using Gmail for years, it's gone. Documents? Gone. Everything Google, gone. It doesn't matter if you are paying for the service or not. It's gone and you have virtually no recourse. One possible GDrive scenario (of the many one could imagine) is that of someone going on a family trip and uploading photos to GDrive during the trip to make room on their flash card. Somewhere along their Google account is suspended because of, well, who knows? All of their photos are gone. Business trip. Upload your presentation and other materials to GDrive. Travel light. Account suspended by the time you get to your destination. Screwed. With GDrive storage options reaching terabytes there will be many instances of people relying on GDrive for primary storage. That can certainly be the case with Google Docs, where the documents themselves are created online as well. Clearly this is not an issue for the vast majority of Google account holders. This is due to the fact that account suspensions are more widely reported for users of AdSense and AdWords. In other words, business users. Your average Google user would not (and should not) have this problem. This is good for average consumers yet bad in that there might not be enough of an incentive for Google to be compelled to change their ways and be more reasonable with business users. What they telegraph is that they really couldn't give a rats ass if they kill-off someone's account because it doesn't even move one atom in their revenue stream. Tough problem to solve if you are nobody, as is the case for most of us. As an entrepreneur I have dedicated most of the last 25 years to doing hardware (read: manufacturing) ventures. Manufacturing in the US is hard, if not impossible, save cases where the ecosystem or nature of the market can support it. Problems one could face include: ip (patents) mine field, government regulations, liability issues, lack of localized supply chains, high labor costs, high insurance costs, high taxes and more. Then, to boot, if you are lucky enough to have to deal with the government or in an industry where government has decided they know better, well, this can be described with two words: Pain and Frustration. The mechanisms described in the article kept me from even considering making an effort to do some good in the medical field. It's just too painful. Finally, about two years ago, I had enough and decided to be done with making stuff and pivot into software-only products. This was not a huge pivot in that most of the products we manufactured during the last 20 years had significant software elements (embedded, FPGA and related workstation applications). The transition just meant making a very conscious effort to not go after hardware ideas. This was hard in that I personally like making physical products. But, no more. My point in relating this personal story is that I have the scars to understand what this little syringe company must have been through. The article in question highlights something that we should all understand very well at this point: Government rule-making is, more often than not, fraught with unintended consequences that, ultimately, end-up costing us in terms of money, freedom and choice. And, when it comes to the medical field, might even result in people dying. Part of the problem is that we continue to give the keys to the shop to bureaucrats who have zero real-world, business or employed-by-a-non-government-business experience. You really can't expect much from anyone who has lived their entire life within the confines of an ecosystem where personal decisions carry almost no risk. That is vastly different from the real world, where, if you are a bad programmer or lousy barista you get fired and, no, you don't get to enjoy 80% of your salary for the rest of your life. Programmers, for example, know and live this issue of making the wrong decision. In the course of solving a problem we choose an approach and go with it. Sometimes it works and often-times there are unintended consequences that need attention. Other times the approach is entirely wrong and has to be scrapped in favor of a different idea. The solution is evolved rapidly until the right approach surfaces. This ultimately leads to better solutions, particularly if peer reviewed. The trouble with government decision making is that you have the equivalent of managers who don't know how to code --at all-- telling you what algorithm and database to use to solve a problem. Furthermore, it is equivalent to these non-technical managers making their decision the law for the company. And, yes, regardless of what the overwhelming reality of the matter might indicate, changing their laws is either impossible or you need 2/3 of said morons (non-technical managers) to agree to the change. In other words, you should expect the beatings to continue until the morale improves. Of course, reality in the technology world is closer to the idea that those who actually understand the subject should make the decisions. Wouldn't it be cool if every single politician had to have a real job 3/4 of the year? Work three months for government and then go back to the private sector. Now that could be interesting. No,no. Read it again. The government setup the rules that enabled exactly that behavior. If they (government) didn't try to play entrepreneur or investor we'd be far better off. There are cases where government involvement is warranted. I'm with Ron Paul on this one: Get them off our backs, we do and did just fine when they had less hooks into us. This is particularly true with the existence of the Internet. It's pretty hard for a large company to misbehave today and not pay a serious price for it. Laws are far less powerful in this regard. Nope. Read it again. Government rules is what changed the nature of these GPO's from hospital-funded to being funded by kickbacks from the various vendors. That one act alone seems to have triggered a massive shift in power. Businesses will adapt to the environment they operate within. If they can identify an advantage they will use it. I am not going to blame a business for moving within the existing framework any more than I would blame someone for taking advantage of SEO. In other words, given an environment where you can optimize your website for better search engine results, you do it. And that's fine. The problem is that those making the rules that create the opportunity for optimization are morons who have no clue about what they are doing or are simply corrupt. Lobbying is a problem, but it is NOT illegal. I fully agree with disallowing it. So long as it isn't, those who can will use it. Again, you use the SEO tools available to you. When something starts to work against you or is no-longer allowed you stop using it. Something else that needs to change: Government workers cannot be unionized. Why? They form a voting block that can influence the very laws that regulate them as employees of the government. It's as clear a conflict of interest situation as I can imagine. They vote as a block and favor anything that will keep them employed, protect their pensions, etc. The private sector has had to take haircuts for the last several years and suffer the consequences of ill-conceived plans from government. In sharp contrast to this the typical government worker is living in an isolated bubble where they can look forward to retirement while earning 80% to 90% of their pay for the rest of their lives and enjoying an amazing health-care package. Some even got raises. All on our backs. In the real world the government workforce should have been cut by at least 25% to 50% and their salaries by another 20%+. Lifetime pensions seriously cut down and completely eliminated at some level. If you want to have a nice retirement make the right decisions and invest your money yourself, don't to on my back and my kids backs. This is so broken it's a tragedy. I mean, see what's happening with the health-care law? They are hiring some 4,000 IRS agents to support it. These people are NEVER going to get fired. They'll probably cost us well in excess of a billion dollars a year in salaries, benefits and support systems. Yes! It's infuriating when you imagine just how much creativity and innovation is being wasted. Time is something you never get back. I disagree. Here's the relevant section: Then, in 1986 Congress passed a bill exempting GPOs from the anti-kickback provisions embedded in Medicare law. This meant that instead of collecting membership dues, GPOs could collect “fees”—in other industries they might be called kickbacks or bribes—from suppliers in the form of a share of sales revenue. (For example, in exchange for signing a contract with a given gauze maker, a GPO might get a percentage of whatever the company made selling gauze to members.) The idea was to help struggling hospitals by shifting the burden of funding GPOs’ operations to vendors. To prevent abuse, “fees” of more than 3 percent of sales were supposed to be reported to member hospitals and (upon request) the secretary of health and human services. But, as with many well-intended laws, the shift had some ground-shaking unintended consequences. Most importantly, it turned the incentives for GPOs upside down. Instead of being tied to the dues paid by members, GPOs’ revenues were now tied to the profits of the suppliers they were supposed to be pressing for lower prices. This created an incentive to cater to the sellers rather than to the buyers—to big companies like Becton Dickinson rather than to member hospitals. Before long, large suppliers began using “fees”—sometimes very generous ones—along with tiered pricing to secure deals that locked GPO members into buying their products. In many cases, hospitals were obliged to buy virtually all of their bandages or scalpels or heart monitors from one company. GPOs also began offering package deals that bundled products together. To get the best price on stethoscopes, a hospital might have to agree to buy everything from pacemakers to cotton balls from the GPO’s preferred vendors. Hospitals went along because they got price breaks, usually in the form of rebates if they met buying quotas. This situation only grew thornier in 1996, when the Justice Department and the Federal Trade Commission overhauled antitrust rules and granted the organizations protection from antitrust actions, except under “extraordinary circumstances.” Once again, the idea was to help struggling hospitals, this time by allowing the buying groups to grow big enough to negotiate the best deals for their members. But the decision led to a frenzy of consolidation. Within a few years, five GPOs controlled purchasing for 90 percent of the nation’s hospitals, which only amplified the clout of big suppliers. Government meddling triggered all kinds of mutations that led to the current situation in more ways than one. Well, as you indicated, this isn't a simple problem to solve. The "let them have real jobs" statement is more of a statement of frustration than a real solution. Maybe there's an angle there. I'll use the example of an MBA degree to illustrate. A friend of mine complete an MBA at Pepperdine. Over dinner I asked him: "What's an MBA good for?". He said "Not a damn thing without context". He got the MBA after over a decade as an engineer. He knew what to do with it and how to apply it to something concrete. Perhaps rules for government employ could change in that you would be required to have had a career in the private domain for, say, ten years, before even qualifying to apply. And I'm not talking about working at a fast-food joint. Different positions would have different requirements. There's a difference between someone working at the department of motor vehicles vs. the Mayor of a city. I would be OK with DMV workers having five years experience in a non-trivial job (no flipping burgers) but would want a Mayor with a solid twenty years in a position of responsibility in a private enterprise. I don't know if this even makes sense, but we need better people in government than what we are getting. That's probably a huge part of the problem. What you generically call "government meddling", I call (more precisely, imho) "corporation-funded, lobbyist-enabled legislative corruption". This is a very popular view generally promoted in the more liberal corners of the political ecosystem. Not being in either the liberal or conservative extremes I tend to see things differently. You have to ask a few questions to get to the bottom of it: Q: What are lobbyists? A: Organizations that create a way to reach out to law-makers directly, voice opinion and have some influence on relevant matters. Q: Why do businesses use lobbyists? A: Because they can and it provides them with a way to navigate an already complex system. Q: Why are corporations able to fund lobbyist? A: Because it is legal Q: Why is it legal? A: Because politicians passed laws allowing it. Q: Why did they do that? A: Many reasons. One might be that they need that funding to stay in power. Another might be that they don't really care about us but would much rather ensure their own political existence. Yet another might be that we, the people, don't really show-up in any meaningful way on their radars outside of elections. And, finally, one more reason could be that, well, we allow it. Q: What should we do about it? A: Make it illegal. Q: Would corporations and lobbyists then be able to influence legislation? A: Maybe, but at least not through those legally-provided channels. You don't have to ask too many questions to get to the fundamental reasons behind a problem. It's hard to hide from reality. I don't have a problem with someone (or a corporation) using the available legal framework to advance their cause or standing. If the means for political influence produce bad results the system is to blame, not the user of the system. A simpler example might be in product design. If I design a chainsaw that is faster and more powerful to use I'd expect businesses to use it to gain advantage over competitors and make more money. If, as a result of this more people are getting hurt because the design isn't very sound, you don't turn around and blame the businesses using it. The design was at fault. Bad engineering. People will use what they are given to work with. Fix the problem, not the symptoms. It's not a perfect analogy, but it illustrates the fundamental idea. Please don't call anyone simple-minded, particularly when you don't know them. Nobody is saying that politicians are the root cause. We elect them. Ultimately it is our fault for allowing it. Then some of these folks appoint people to other positions. The appointments are probably worst than the already-challenged elected official. When I hear someone carry the "corporate greed and corruption" flag I have a viscerally negative reaction to the statement. I don't know you, so I can't know where you are coming from. To be clear, what I am about to say has nothing to do with you and is not aimed or intended to represent you at all. Whenever I've heard this from people in person that either I know or have an opportunity to learn more about the profile almost always falls within a certain range. Liberal, democrat, sometimes government worker or union member, no entrepreneurial experience, no understanding of the business process and no experience attempting to launch and run a business. A lot changes once you've experienced the realities of business. I can't name one business driven purely by greed other than boundary examples such as the Madoff mess. Even the most maligned financial companies have to sell a product and cater to a customer base. Oil companies, for example, are a favorite punching bag. Are they driven by greed? Of course not! They sell a product. And they sell a product that requires huge investment. They are perfectly entitled to earn a profit and they are entitled to earn as much as the market will support. Supply and demand. If they take legally allowed action to enhance their standing or ability to compete, well, that's the law. Until it is changed they are doing nothing different than engaging in the "SEO" of their industry. Somehow there's an automatic trigger point that says that large companies are driven by nothing but greed. Really? At what revenue level does greed become the underlying driving force? What where they driven by until they got to that level? I don't see anyone talking about companies such as Apple that way? Why? They are large. Very large. They don't do anything any other enterprise does not do. They manufacture in China. So do others, except that, when it is Ford that does it "they are greedy" is the first response. Anyhow, let's agree to disagree. My world view probably does not intersect with yours in but a few places. And that's OK. I learn a little from everyone. Maybe one day I'll see things as they really are. Thanks. "Your argument seems adrift from reality and increasingly resembles mere ranting." I really have to thank you for that. I appreciate personal comments of this kind in the middle of an otherwise civil discussion. I apologize for not agreeing with you and moving on. Thanks. After spending way too much time on this thread here's my parting thought: Some choose to believe that corporate greed is the cause of issues such as that highlighted by this article. Others believe that the political and legal system in place has flaws that create the conditions necessary for such things to happen. And some are in between these two schools of though. Here's the kicker: While we live within and with our reality other parts of the world are watching. And in some parts (China?) they are surely having thoughts akin to "these people are too stupid to get out of their own way". And so, we'll keep arguing and "enjoying" the ineptitude, complexities and realities of our reality while others will watch, learn, study and take measures to ensure that they don't fall into the same traps. Yes, there will probably be better syringes in China than in the US. And, with time, that will be true about a lot more things and a number of other countries. Enjoy. If that's the case. I am humbled and further apologize for not seeing it that way. Well, I wish I had the formula for perfection. I don't. It's interesting to see how in China a "benevolent" (using the term loosely) dictatorship is able to push billions of people forward. One could of course argue about a million things they are doing wrong and there would be no doubt that the charges would be on point. However, what they seem to be doing very well is taking their time to become a super power in their own right. At our expense as well as others. Thanks for the feedback. People create a view of the world based on where they came from, what they have experienced, what they've been taught and many other factors (for example, religious indoctrination). This is a fact. Regrettably the governing class in a country like the US knows this very well and has learned how to pander and manipulate the masses in their favor. This is also a fact. Then you have the media. Most people will subscribe to one ideology and set forth to consume media that aligns with this ideology as closely as possible. This is comfortable and easy to chew on. No gag reflex involved. This is another fact. The media know this, and feed that need. They report with overblown outrage about mostly unimportant stories. They go on and on all day long beating the same dumb story to death until they can't flatten it any more. They cater to the audience that, due to ideology, will stay with them. It's SEO, TV style. This is also a fact. All of this leads to great levels of polarization. How else would you have huge chunks of the population self-identify with one party or another? They buy into a "tribe" and stick with it, no matter what. Tribal behavior is a most fundamental human trait. This, also, is fact. Those in the middle of all of this, a group of which I consider myself a member, are willing to stop and think for a moment and not rattle off what others are saying without some thought and consideration. This is hard. This requires work. This requires rejecting years of unintentional indoctrination and trying to see the world for what it is. This is about the Allegory of the Cave in more ways than one ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Allegory_of_the_Cave ). It requires consciously refraining from the most fundamental human impulse to be tribal and believe what has been pounded into your brain. This is hard (I repeat) and this is why most people don't do it. At home we make it a point to learn about multiple points of view. We watch CNN and FOX. We also watch Al Jazeera and LinkTV. We are also fortunate enough to speak more than a couple of languages, so we consume international news from more than one perspective as well. It's amazing what you can learn this way. I don't know where I am going with this except to say that there are a lot of voting groups that, just like Plato's cave, have been living and looking at the shadows in their own caves. And virtually nothing more than that. Government workers, Politicians and Unionized workers (to be brutal in my generalization) are examples of such groups. Individually none of them are bad people. As a voting and acting block they can be absolute morons, but only because all they've been willing to consider are the shadows. I don't know how to fix it. I don't know if it's even possible. No problem. Sorry I took it the wrong way. Of course every issue has a simple visible portion and then there's the 90% of the iceberg under the surface. I view simple ideas as fundamental to start the thought process going. A lot of them are not viable due to the details and real issues deep down inside. I realize that. This may come as a surprise to some. I don't really have any problems with this at all. OK, well, maybe one. It would be much better if Google initiated all services with full privacy as a default. You would then go through a series of screens where you would approve specific access and usage of your data. That would be fair and far more transparent. Non-tech users of Google services (which accounts for the vast majority of their users) have no clue whatsoever what any of this means. Extreme examples: Someone is working on a gay porn script and they really don't want that script scanned or made part of any profile. They should have the right to "nofollow" that document or directory. Another person is having heated political debates over email and they want these views to, again, not be touched by the machine. They should have the ability to indicate this. Private browsing mode in browsers is what comes to mind. This is not unlike some of the privacy issues with Facebook. I have not checked in a while but it used to be that the default was that everything was public, which is exactly the right default from the perspective of benefiting Facebook but exactly the wrong default from the perspective of protecting the user. These issues will continue to come up with these and other companies. Hopefully, over time, we'll converge on what come to be the "ten commandments" of personal data access as a model for all to follow. Very appropriate. I was wondering why someone would do such an interview and put it all out there. Interesting. As a long time AutoCAD and SolidWorks user I have never thought of Trimble as a 3D CAD company. Not even a software company. One has to wonder if SketchUp could have found a better home than Trimble. I can see an established 3D CAD company really enhancing it as a potential bridge onto their bigger tools and providing more interoperability with other platforms. I can't justify buying a license of SolidWorks for my kid's PC but if SketchUp were a SW product with a ramp up to SW I would definitely consider it and even pay for it. Time will tell. I have been using Yahoo Mail for a number of years. I find the interface to be far superior to that of GMail. More usable and practical. In many ways it mimics Outlook. They have some nice drag-and-drop action, right click menu tools and, my favorite, an Outlook-like reading pane. Last time I touched GMail it felt clunky. Because of this I have never felt compelled to use it. Soldering BGA packages "by hand" isn't really that hard. I've done lots of that. I placed it in quotes because, well, it really isn't done by hand ball-by-ball of course. All you need is suitable magnifier or inspection microscope, a stencil, solder paste, a temperature probe and a hot plate or toaster over. - Apply the paste to the PCB using the stencil - Carefully place all the components using the magnifier and appropriate tweezers or vacuum pickup pencils - Place in the oven or hot plate - Carefully ramp up and down the temperature as required I've built many high-speed (200MHz to 1.6GHz logic) prototype boards this way. Not the most fun and time-consuming but definitely do-able. C'mon now, anyone seriously into electronics --even as a hobby-- ought to own more than a cheap soldering iron, a flux pen, copper wick and a pair of tweezers. A toaster oven is, what, $30? Yes, you have to get a prototype stencil made. These are also cheap. Google it. Here's someone who wrote about the proposed approach: http://www.instructables.com/id/Toaster-Oven-Reflow-Solderin... The specs wouldn't be any different than they would be for a good quality board for TQFP with a pitch in the order of 0.5mm. If you need to support DDR3 (as the A10 does) and high speeds you need a good board anyway in order to make sure that the transmission lines remain true to design parameters. In other words, signal integrity is a concern with these designs and you just can't use a dirt-cheap board. It doesn't matter that the A10 is hand-solderable. You still need to attend to signal and power integrity and that means that a certain class of board is required. Having done boards with FPGA's as large as 1152 balls (definitely not soldered by hand) I can tell you that good board houses produce good product and the difference wouldn't be much, if any between a controlled-impedance board for an A10 project versus an equivalent-sized BGA device. This is important, so I'll repeat it: The A10 requires a controlled-impedance board. EDIT: Just learned that the A10 requires DDR3. So BGA's are the order or the day. Hand-soldering with a soldering iron is simply not a reality for such a board. If you want to assemble one yourself you have to use a stencil and an oven or hot plate for reflow. Not that hard for small quantities. I should also note that I've only done this when absolutely necessary. It makes a lot more sense to pay to have SMT boards assembled. It's not that expensive and assembly shops have all of the right equipment to get it right. With BGA's you really need to have full inspection (including X-Ray) in order to ensure proper attachment. This is particularly true in the case of high-speed boards. There's another technique I've used in the past for fine pitch TQFP's. I call it "impact soldering". It goes something like this: - Mask everything around the component to be soldered with masking tape - Flux as usual - Place component down and align it - Tack on the corners in order to ensure alignment - Don't worry about solder bridging - Now, apply solder to the pins - Use a healthy dose - You actually want an entire row to be brideged - You should see a solid strip of solder across all pins - Get all four sides done the same way - Now, take the iron and heat up one of the beads of solder to the melting point - Without any delay, hit the board edge-wise on the table - The molten solder will come flying out - A small amount of solder (just enough) will remain on the pins - With practice you can get perfect factory-looking joints with no bridging whatsoever It takes a little practice, but I have found that if you need to do a lot of TQFP's this technique, once mastered, works far better than trying to apply solder precisely. It's messy at first and you might even ruin some parts. Once the technique is perfected it works amazingly well and it is very fast. Obviously, if you have a lot of parts on a single board you are entering territory where reflow soldering in an oven is a far better idea. I have to disagree with you. I think it is cultural much more so than language. I have lived in a couple of cultures and travelled extensively during the past ten years. At the risk of offending more than a few, there's what some have come to call the "feminization" of American men. Maybe it's a result of the ability to sue anyone for anything, I don't know. But there's a very distinct characteristic to men (an women) from other cultures that will place the uber-polite American men and women at a disadvantage in certain situations. Here's an example that isn't really about what I am talking about but speaks to the cultural and environmental differences: Here in Los Angeles it is not too uncommon to see people crossing a street without even looking right or left and without continuously scanning for cars as they cross the street. I've also seen (kids!!!!) crossing the street running. Now, go down to Buenos Aires and try that on for size. Or do it in Rome. Or cross a bike path in Amsterdam without looking. You'll land yourself in a hospital, if you are lucky. It's the same out in Manhattan, of course. Non-scientific, non-extensive observation, but I don't think the lack of assertiveness has anything to do with language but rather culture. I can be assertive in a few languages, but I spent most of my young life in a more, shall we say, "fire-y" culture. "Feminized" isn't the right way to put it. I just threw it out there. As you correctly point out, women in other cultures are quite assertive. I should point out that I am not the one to coin the phrase: http://www.askmen.com/dating/curtsmith_100/142_dating_advice... http://www.google.com/search?sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8... Walking in front of a car doing 50mph might be OK in West LA. Please don't try it in another country unless you want to experience their intensive care facilities. On the point of crossing the street with fast moving traffic, you don't really need to do what you are doing. It's a dance. If you've ever been to Manhattan you know what I am talking about. Cross a little, wait, one more lane, wait, etc. No big deal if you know what you are doing. What I am talking about is the total absence of the external appearance of awareness. It's one thing to cross the street and stare a driver in the eyes. It's quite another to cross the street while looking at the ground. I teach my kids that if there's no eye contact with the driver they don't get in front of that car. Plain and simple. They've also had some "training" in Manhattan and parts of Europe. You'll never see them cross a street without looking. To be clear, being masculine does not mean being a complete asshole. In fact, quite the opposite, in my opinion. It's a balance. It's being a gentleman while remaining assertive and considerate. It is yielding your seat in the train to an older person. While, at the same time, not bending with the wind when it is important. It's about a balance that I can't fully define. All else being equal, I don't think it has anything whatsoever to do with language. Interesting article, thanks for bringing it up. I think you are very much on point with your comments. I am one of those people who are actually capable of going from MIG welding to designing websites, writing iOS apps, developing embedded hardware and software as well as GHz-range electronics with FPGA's, mechanical design and FEA. The only option for someone like me seems to be to run your own business. Nobody is likely to pay for the combined skill set. Which means that having these skills is both a blessing and a curse depending on your point of view. I can take any product from drawing to completion. My resume scares most employers. And, in many ways, rightly so. Hiring someone who can do the work of five people is very risky. You loose one person and your entire team is gone. And, of course, there is no way that one person can have the productivity offered by a team of specialists. In the end, someone with my skill set either ends-up doing their own thing or in a managerial position where the wide knowledge base and context gained from actually being able to do the work can be harnessed to guide and assist a team in achieving the required goals. As an entrepreneur, having a wide skill set can be priceless so long as you start letting go as soon as you can start hiring specialists. This can be hard for some. It's great to be able to do it all when you want to launch something and save a bunch of money. Once launched, you need to divest yourself from responsibilities as quickly as possible because you will hit productivity walls and you simply can't focus on everything at the same time. The age of the generalist is pretty far gone. If employment is the goal it is best to focus on one subject and become really good at it. There's also the very real and reasonable question of where capital might be used more efficiently. Having seen first-hand how government agencies make spending decisions it is my opinion that a huge percentage of tax dollars is wasted. Private industry is almost always far more efficient in allocating resources out of necessity. I have seen cases where government agencies pay double --or more-- what a private entity would pay for exactly the same product or service. I wasn't necessarily talking about drivers but rather people in inter-personal contact. Asia is on my list. I've mainly done Europe and S. America. Almost went to Tokyo to study Aikido for six months but just couldn't pull it together. Maybe next time. There's a much deeper question on the whole concept of taxation in general. What is it for and where should the limits be? If you really look around you'll quickly learned that everything is taxed. Everything. Politicians have gotten very good at finding all sorts of areas where they can insert a probe and extract "blood". From gasoline to telephones, communications, dogs, cars, food, air travel, tobacco, etc. Here's one attempt at a list: http://theeconomiccollapseblog.com/archives/taxed-enough-alr... Here in California it is not uncommon to hear of more hair-brained schemes to levy taxes on more things. A little-bit here and a little-bit there and politicians have collect billions to keep their gravy train going. Regardless of whether we are talking about personal or corporate taxes, or taxes in general, it is important to always keep in mind what the "mission statement" might be for taxes. Lately the lines on this have blurred. In general terms taxes should be used to run the government, military and reasonable social services (the last one being debatable). Lately, at least in California and other similarly-afflicted states, a huge percentage of taxes are being dedicated to supporting a ridiculous pension infrastructure and a bloated government and public employee sector. Tax increases are being proposed with the sole purpose of finding funding for union pensions. We, then, exist to ensure that the union "class" gets to live happily every-after with their wonderful lifetime pensions and healthcare. This is beyond wrong. This is criminal. I don't have a problem with the idea of questioning if large companies are paying what they are legally supposed to. At the same time, the system should also demand that government be responsible and not exist to create and maintain their own ecosystem through the abuse of taxation. Name one government entity that, over the last few years, has put forth cuts and savings measures on par with families and businesses across this nation. Exactly. Watch closely what is happening with the post office. Here's a clear case of a government entity that should start to see massive cuts and reorganization. What do you want to bet that we carry these people on our taxes for the rest of our lives? So, rather than being able to devote our money to the furthering of our own kids and culture we are obligated, through taxation, to support useless hordes of government employees. This isn't going to end well. Interesting article. It does not change what I said at all. Government cannot and should not exist in isolation of reality. In this case, a reduction in tax revenue was a result of a reality that caused catastrophic damage to the lives of millions of Americans and destroyed businesses far and wide. Not so if you were in government. In that case you got to live inside this protected environment at the expense of all of those who were suffering on the outside. Notice how the article you point to chronicles all of the efforts to raise tax revenue in a variety of creative ways. What is conspicuous due to its absence are the cuts. No talk about cuts. Nobody in government ever gets fired or laid-off. Why? If I have a business and times are tough I cut my spending. I might move t cut marketing. Maybe even move my operation to a cheaper location. Downsize my building. Find ways to become more efficient. And, yes, eventually, if there are not other options and sales are down, I have to lay off employees. At the personal level, if a member of the family looses her job or is hit with a reduction in income you take the same kinds of steps to achieve fiscal balance: No more Starbucks; Cheaper (or no) satellite TV plan; No more dining out; Rent movies instead of going to the theater; more camping, less hotel vacations; etc. This isn't an academic exercise for me. I've lived this. I've had to live through economic difficulties and have had to make the tough choice to let valuable people go in order to ensure the survival of my businesses. I've had to make serious personal adjustments in order to adapt to new economic conditions. You do what you have to do and come out the other end stronger and, what's more important, alive to continue moving forward. There's nothing I detest more than the fact that we have allowed government to exist in nearly absolute isolation of our realities. They are supposed to work for us. The reality is that we work for them. That is fundamentally wrong. The talk in Sacramento (and D.C.) should never be about raising revenue but rather about optimizing the available revenue and giving us the most for our money. And, yes, this should also mean adapting to economic conditions; adjusting workforce size accordingly; becoming more efficient; not entering into criminal contracts with unions; not spending more than is available --ever-- and, in general, living by the same rules everyone else has to live by. The California problem isn't a reduction in revenue. It is the combination of that along with the inflexibility of government rules, services and systems to adapt. There's more than one variable in this equation, it can't always be "revenue, revenue, revenue". There's nothing wrong with taxation, so long as it is done for the right reasons and it is not abused. Today, in the US, taxes are levied on just about anything a politician can imagine. Believe it or not, at one point the EPA was pushing a tax on cow farts. I don't know if that passed but it provides a really interesting picture of how your money is being stolen with political creativity. Almost everything the average American touches is taxed in one way or another. People ought to be marching down the street furious about this situation. It is nothing less than surreal. Yes, taxation is necessary. Or, perhaps I should say: Some means to pay for the basics of government is necessary. That doesn't necessarily mean taxation. The explosion of government programs has crated a mess that is hard to untangle. If we want to survive as a nation with a decent standard of living we must fix this problem. Your dollars are being devoted in huge proportions to the support of failed programs, unions, government workers and pensions. Period. It is one thing to want to remain true to an ideology and quite another to be able to pull out paper and pencil and engage in basic arithmetic. This problem does not require calculus in order to understand. Regarding the HN audience. I am not sure that one can pass opinion based on the few that choose to be vocal and post. My experience is that most online communities are like icebergs: The bulk of the audience is never visible. Be careful about forming opinion based on the 10% that is above water. I am not really clear on the measurement methodology. Why is a game controller involved? Did he trigger the ping from the same game controller button? Did the game controller trigger the frame buffer swap on the graphics card? At 240Hz the lower-right pixel on an LCD will be painted 4ms after the upper-right pixel. Where were the measurements taken. Yes, LCDs are scanned devices, just like CRT's, you don't see it because of the slow response time. Lastly, I didn't see any numbers. Where are the measurements? Forget about coding. Make yourself a nice cup of coffee or tea. Sit down. Fire up a browser and watch a few interviews on Mixergy full-screen. That ought to clear-out the "funk" and get you inspired to go kick ass again. Not affiliated with Mixergy. Just a happy user and premium member. Well, the more fundamental problem is this business of Apple taking 30% of everything. I am not disputing their right to set the rules within their own ecosystem. No issues whatsoever there. It's their product and they deserve to do as they wish. Having said that, that is not to say that I agree with their decision. For almost any business 30% is a huge percentage of gross. In most cases the margin is dangerously close to or lower than this number. What this means is that there are a whole host of goods and services that cannot be offered through the platform due to their fee structure. Then again, it's their sandbox and their rules. This is somewhere where companies such as Microsoft could make a significant dent if they keep their paws off the content creator's revenue stream (or take a very small bite). In my opinion a 5% "finder's fee" is reasonable. If they handle the financial transaction then there's the customary credit-card billing stuff. Two things that iOS does not offer that someone could offer: 1- Less intrusive cut taken from revenues, as discussed above. 2- Open access to I/O, file system and various resources that Apple locks down tight. As an example, if I wanted to design a general purpose iPhone to RS-232 serial cable, well, it's impossible. You can make one married to a specific application but you can't make one that's a plain-old open-to-all serial port converter. There are tons of applications in industry that could use such a cable, but Apple chokes the hardware side so tight that even something that simple is impossible. Another example is the choke-hold on proprietary Bluetooth. I'd love to create apps for kids to use to control their Lego Mindstorms with an iPhone/iPod. Mindstorm blocks have built-in Bluetooth. Apple's version of Bluetooth, for various technical reasons, is not compatible with "normal" Bluetooth. The only way to do it is to purchase Apple-approved Bluetooth chips and get permission to build a device subject to their approval...but you can't build a generic device. In other words, you are building a specific speaker that uses this chip and these codes to identify you and the app. Period. I feel that companies trying to compete with Apple are not seeing the elephant in the room: Closed vs. Open. Someone brought-up an interesting point: The thought of your entire iBooks or Kindle book library evaporating is a sobering one. Will all of this be around in twenty or thirty years? I have physical books that are nearly 100 years old in my library. They don't require a third party to exist in order to be usable. These kinds of things make you re-think some of these ideas. Another place where this happens much faster is power tools. I still have a number of excellent power tools that are easily 15 to 20 years old. Sawzall, drill, router, biscuit joiner, circular saw, etc. All of them have a chord and are AC powered. None of the battery powered tools I bought long ago are around. In some cases the battery packs have been discontinued. In other cases the batteries went bad and the replacement cost for the obsolete packs is just too high. So, if you want to leave tools and books to your kids, you might want to rethink what you are buying. It is possible to imagine that iBooks and Kindle will not be around in 40 to 50 years. Anyone know what the TOS say about this for both Apple and Amazon? Do you own your books or have they become licenses that can go poof overnight? Right. I found most of those. And, well, none of them really cover it. I do realize that this is a tough one to crack. I am not criticizing. This is a perfectly neutral question: Isn't the issue with a lot of these "look Ma, no Objective-C" approaches in that there are always little nagging issues here and there? I mean, Apple is constantly moving Objective-C/Xcode/iOS (notice I didn't say "forward"). Isn't it somewhat dangerous to adopt peripheral approaches for development rather than staying (suffering?) with the Apple-provided tools? Now, if someone has an alternative IDE that truly allows me to record Xcode to a DVD and perform a ritual burning ceremony of said DVD...that would be something. I don't know Ruby. Therefore, by my own admission, this comes out of complete ignorance. I am currently working on a project that uses a genetic solver and some fairly complex state machines driven by fairly involved databases. I can't possibly see how something like this could be made to be interactive in terms of the development process. Generally speaking you are writing a lot of code before you get to compile and see the results. And, personally, I don't have any issues with the compilation process. What do you mean by "interactive"? Having participated in conferences in the US and Europe I can say that there are real cost structures to organizing a conference that just can't be avoided. I've done this at venues such as the LA Convention Center, Las Vegas Convention Center, MGM Grand Convention Center, RAI Convention Center (Amsterdam), ICM Munchen (Munich) and various hotels and smaller venues. In general terms I find the European venues and smaller American or European hotels far more pleasurable, simpler and cheaper to deal with. The unionized American venues are very expensive and can be a nightmare to deal with. Want coffee in a room for visitors? Sure. It'll be $200 for a gallon. Want a light turned off above a booth? No problem, it'll cost $350 for a union electrician to go to the breaker panel and quite-literally flip a switch. Need to bring some boxes on a dolly to a booth? Can't do it. Once you enter their domain union members need to handle even the most basic of jobs. In general terms, large venues are expensive, union or not. The union part just skews the cost curve because of how bloated and unreasonable things can become. Add to that insurance, guarantees and other fixed costs and you have a solid formula for high prices for attendees. And, if you are after a venue such as the LV Convention Center, well you'll have to sign a contract and pay a large chunk of money upfront a year ahead of your event. Then there's the issue that someone alluded to: What do you actually get out of conferences. There are some where you might just meet a person or learn about a technology that is a game changer for whatever it is you are doing. That's priceless and always worth the cost of admission. More often than not, at least in my experience, conferences are very disruptive and do more harm than good. Why? If you are an exhibitor very soon conferences become these artificial and unreasonable deadlines that almost require you to make announcements. This means that mad scrambles happen around them to get to that point. This can disrupt a company for weeks, both before and after a conference. As an attendee, you might also delay acting on purchases in order to see the above-mentioned announcements at the conference. The problem is that most conference announcements are vaporware --requiring months of additional work to be real products. By waiting for the next shiny thing you delay your process. And then, of course, there's the huge disruption of sending a whole team to a conference for three to five days --or even more if it requires traveling out of your country. For a large class of things I have personally found that the quality and depth of information available on the internet is significantly better than what you can get at a conference. I have avoided conferences for three years now, and, I must say, I have learned a lot more, been more productive and made better decisions because of it. Not sure about Europe. After having dealt with unions in the US for quite some time my general opinion of the average unionized worker is not very kind: lazy, non-productive, selfish, self-important, over-paid, unfairly protected, de-humanized, and more. Of course, this is a gross over-simplification and a generalization that is not fair to a lot of people. There are good unionized workers. I'll give you an example: Las Vegas Convention Center. Doing some work at night setting up computers, etc. The crew that installs the carpets comes in. Their job is, quite literally, to roll out the carpeting. I watched as this unfolded. Every hour or so a supervisor would roll around on a little electric cart and would tell people that they had to take a break. The workers would lay down on the carpet and go to sleep. This ballet continued for hours. The work that could have been done in three hours too six, if not more. I asked one of them how much they made. She, very proudly replied: $45 per hour plus benefits and a pension plan. My jaw dropped. Then there are the stories of the security guards making $150K a year to sit on a chair by a door. And the stories of the union worker refusing to lend a hand because the task is not in their union contract. Anyhow, the issue, as I see it, is that unions have resulted in hordes of people that are devoid of any real drive to succeed and move forward in life. In unions there are few incentives to be better at what you do. In a lot of union contracts you just can't be fired. I mean, take the examples of (unionized) teachers sexually assaulting students. They don't get fired, they are transfered and "hidden" in another job. There was a recent case of a (unionized) teacher who was feeding his students cookies with semen on on top. That's beyond sick. And, as I understand it, the guy was not fired and will enjoy his 80% pension for the rest of his life. Anyhow, I don't want to go off on that tangent, but I've just seen too many examples where unions are just destroying drive, innovation and competitiveness in this country. It's a damn shame. I don't know why you were downvoted, I gave you on upvote. You are, of course, absolutely correct at some level. I think that in the vast majority of cases it isn't union membership that is evil but rather the union bosses and negotiators that set out to suck the blood right out of the businesses they deal with. It's no different than politics. The union bosses have a nice ride and want to keep it. If they keep providing for the membership they gain votes and stay in power. Damn the consequences. And, when you join unions with governments you have the perfect storm: sharks vs. weasels. The union negotiators are the sharks intent in obtaining as much as they can out of the government agency. The government folks want the votes from the union membership. So, they, effectively, pay them off to buy their votes by granting all kinds of insane things to the union sharks. How else would you have a librarian retire and be paid $250K a year for life? These costs, be them in the private domain or government have to come from somewhere. In the case of conferences it makes everything more expensive for attendees. Does anyone else thing that it is slimy for ZDNet interpret clicks to the site background as the user clicking the ad below the nav-bar? As an advertiser I would feel defrauded. Not one person clicking on the background is doing so out of interest in the advertiser's product. How common is this practice? Perhaps I wasn't clear. It's not the white background, it's the patterned background to the right and left of the content area. To be more precise, they have two div's with class "skinClick" setup on the right and left of the "content" div. You click on either one of those and it's the same as having clicked on the ad just below the nav-bar. I tested in Safari, Firefox, IE and Chrome, same behavior. There's also the "Wait, your page is loading" popup ad you mentioned. Saying that the lottery is a tax on poor people is like saying that buying a bottle of Coke is a tax on poor people. Both of these events are completely voluntary. No government agency was involved in making you spend the money. You are not obligated to do it. And, if you choose not to spend the money you are not violating any laws. It is not a tax. That's the most ridiculous idea I've ever heard. One could argue that spending money on a lottery ticket is actually better for you than spending the same amount of money on a soft drink. One gives you hope and entertainment and might have other positive "feel good" side-effects. The other fills you with sugar (high fructose corn syrup) and is not good for anything at all. Oh, please. You are not obligated by law to buy lottery tickets, therefore, it cannot, by any stretch of the imagination, be called a tax. Period. They can advertise all they want. You can still say "no". In fact, you can stand in front of a government lottery official, extend your arm out, point a finger at them and laugh out hysterically while loudly proclaiming that you will not buy their tickets. Try telling the IRS that you will not pay taxes because, well, you don't want to. Looks like a cool utility. I will probably be well received by those who rely on dragging and dropping. I personally never drag-and-drop unless it is the only way to get something done. Copy and Paste via the keyboard is faster and far easier to use. It also gives you all the time you need to navigate wherever you need to go. Further to that, because I switch between platforms multiple times per day I just can't deal with the weird keyboard mappings on the Mac. Weird, of course, from the perspective of any other platform. If you are only on Mac it is very likely that everything else feels weird to you. I get it. For example, I wanted copy and paste to be Ctrl-C and Ctrl-V. I wanted the editor in Xcode to behave like most other editors behave in other platforms and IDE's. I'm old school, for me the keyboard can be far faster than going for the mouse/touchpad/trackball all the time. My solution was to install KeyRemap4Macbook (no affiliation) and make the Mac keyboard mimic Windows/Linux keyboard and mappings as much as possible. I won't be buying your app, but great job. Like it a lot. Apple should buy it off you and integrate it into the OS. It's that good. Well, drag and drop isn't any more discoverable than c/c/p. For example, when I first started to use a Mac I had to Google to figure out how to import ebooks into my iPhone. It turns out that you have to drag-and-drop into iTunes. Just like c/c/p, once someone tells you that this is the way we are going to play the game it all makes sense. The grab-something-and-move-it interface is OK for "normal" users. I would suspect that most techies might be far more inclined to figure out how to avoid miles of drag-and-drop action by using the keyboard. There's another element to this. Our systems have, at a minimum, two 24 inch monitors and most have three 24 inch monitors. Drag-and-drop gets pretty old once you start to have to cruise around so much real-estate. Beyond that c/c/p, per your own data point, has been around since the early 70's. That makes it a convention that's been around for possibly over 40 years. I think people get it. This, of course, extends to operating almost any software. If someone is using it with any regularity it'd be crazy to mouse all over the menu system to get things done. The keyboard is far more efficient. This is particularly the case when macros can be programmed and invoked. In general terms, I agree: For grandma, drag and drop is great and she is not likely to learn any keyboard shortcut at all. For anyone who is not a casual or lightweight computer user there's a whole other layer to the UI --via the keyboard-- that makes for better driving. Dragondrop is a great tool. I was sincere when I said that Apple should buy it and integrate it into the OS. Not for me and those like me, but for the benefit of others for whom the grab-and-do-something interface is the only option. > we really should be devoting some chunk of it to showing what’s on the clipboard, or at least that there’s something there. I could see that. Microsoft tried something like that with a stack-based (presumption) clipboard in Office. I don't think it worked very well. I thought it was confusing for most. You went from copy-this-and-then-paste-it to having to select what you wanted to paste. Simple is better in this case. I can think of no instance where I explicitly needed to know what was in the clipboard. Now, admittedly, this is me, a single data point and not a casual user. I am sure it is different for casual users. In fact, I am sure that most of them don't have a clue that ctrl-c/v/x/z exist. As for devoting screen real-estate for showing clipboard content. I can't really get a feel for the idea because I don't feel that I need it. In some cases I know that I don't want to give up any screen real-estate to anything other the the application/s currently running. For example, my EDA package uses three screens very well. I don't want to see anything else while doing this work. Again, just me. It sure is a tough environment. A few days ago I had a conversation with a couple of people who just got back from there. The picture they paint isn't appealing at all. Another South American government intent on destroying a very nice country. These governments, in general terms, are so corrupt that they only care about their own financial advancement. They buy-off the population with all sorts of unsustainable socialist (and sometimes communist) programs and benefits at the expense of the private sector (geez, that sounds like...never mind). The nationalization (theft) of private assets belonging to foreign companies means, in no uncertain terms, that the country will not see significant foreign investment in probably twenty-five years. It's a shame. They apparently also pulled an interesting one: Their citizens are not allowed to take their money out of the country. There's a convoluted process through which you have to open a bank account in US dollars and then you can move money out. Except that the government is monitoring everything. They have to ability to seize anything they want at any time. They control exchange rates too. A fine example of how things can derail when the masses elect presidents (because they are being paid-off in so many ways for their vote). It's not "legal" as in "a matter of law". It's about the technical specifications of television and how television signals are processed and transmitted. In analog TV the transmission uses AM (Amplitude Modulation). You could create signals that over-modulate the transmitter if not careful. Hence the use of the terms "legal" to refer to signals that would pass through the transmitter without causing any trouble. Most stations would use boxes called "legalizers" to prevent bad signals from reaching the transmitter. However, broadcasters generally have specification documents that content providers must follow in order to submit material that will not be rejected by their QC department. Lawyer-up. Get paid. Don't get screwed. I say this as a founder many times over. An agreement is an agreement. I've had to do things like put salaries on credit cards and mortgage my house to make payroll during bad times. I don't appreciate business owners that behave as you described. The data loss event you mentioned has no relevance here. Yes, you fucked-up. And you own that. Lesson learned. The $10K was not conditional to you being a perfect employee, it only required you to bring someone in that would stay for at least six months. That, you did. Aren't you just angry because your girlfriend keeps seeing that penile enlargement ad every time she uses your computer? It sure bothers me! All kidding aside, I'd say that the minute you start paying for Google's search engine, email, docs and other services you are automatically entitled to them blocking ads from AdSense-powered sites. Until then I can't see how someone can complain given the value received. Fair trade. Just for kicks, I snapped a screen shot of the relevant page (power + home buttons) and OCR'd the image. Oops, next iBooks update will disable screen capture. Crap! OK, you are probably right. It's been a while. I played in broadcast some time ago. I think you jogged my memory further. I think the way it worked is that the transmitter over-modulation due to illegal levels would/could interfere with adjacent channels and that's why the FCC made the rules. Someone should make a website with famous declarations by high-ups in various industries. It'd be a neat historical reference. For example: "There is no reason for any individual to have a computer at home" (Ken Olsen, Digital Equipment Corporation). Let's look at it from a different perspective. Would an open-source self-driving car be safer than a closed-source version? Possibly. Why? Because a lot of testing is required in order to make something like that safe. For one, you need to have or build a car with all the required sensors, servos and computers. Of course, this is not impossible. It does limit the number of available hackers to those who can afford to build such a car. Let's say, for the sake of argument, that this car costs US $50K to develop. If the hacker doesn't want to modify his/her own car an additional expense of US $15K to $25K would be added to this. Yes, much code could be developed in a simulator, but as any micro-mouse competitor can tell you, there's a vast difference between a simulator and real-life. Ultimately, to make something better, safer, faster and more intelligent, real-life testing is imperative. Any time you touch the real world things get expensive and slow. That said, a dedicated small group of hackers around the world with at least $50K to burn and lots of free time could work on an open-source self-driving car. And the code may or may not be better than the closed-source. Open-source doesn't automatically mean "better", "safer", "faster" or "more intelligent". Now, switching to the pacemaker question. What does it take to develop an open-source pace-maker that doctors can and will actually implant. I don't know. I am not in that field. My guess is that the cost is in the millions. Sure, one could screw around with code and ideas and pretend to be building a pace-maker. In the end, when all the smoke and bullshit clears out, you have to implant the thing in a living organism and test it. Multiple times. And, you will kill some of your subjects. Or you are likely to. How many hackers can do that? Probably not many. Then there's the issue of regulatory testing and FDA approval process. That is a very expensive process. Who would undertake that? The point is that open-source is great when it is confined to code running on a commodity device. In terms of the financial investment, it costs exactly zero for someone to decide to make another javascript library. Why? Because for that person to even consider doing so it means that they already own a computer and probably know javascript very well. How many non-coding backhoe operators who do not own computers decide, overnight, to develop a javascript library? Exactly. Yes, there are a lot of open-source/open-hardware projects, but they are absolutely trivial in comparison to a pacemaker. Implanting something into a human being is a big deal. Then you have to look at the patient's perspective: Doctor: "Mr. Obama, you need a pacemaker. We have two choices. First is this pacemaker developed by big-bad-established-closed-source company that makes too much money. You also have the ability to use this model, developed by fifty guys all over the world and it is open source" Obama: "Who are these guys?" Doctor: "Hackers who believe that open source is a better way to build a pacemaker. The argument is that the code and design are completely open and, hence, bound to be scrutinized by other hackers to a degree that closed-source can't even begin to approach" Obama: "Yeah, but, what guarantees do they provide? Who is the responsible party? What recourse do I have if something goes wrong and I need serious help?" Doctor: "Well, there's a company that sells them. So, that's your point of contact. No different from the big-bad medical company". Obama: "C?" Doctor: "Nope, C++" Obama: "Preemptive?" Doctor: "Round-robin" Obama: "I don't know. I'm kind of concerned. Let's go with the closed-source version. I don't know if I want to trust my life to a bunch of hackers around the world." Dumb example, but you can't ignore the last issue with these things. RMS might be more than willing to experiment with his own life (I wonder). This is certainly not the case for Joe Average. Given the choice, they'll probably opt for what they perceive as safer and more reputable, rather than the hacker version. As much as folks in the tech community might understand the value of open source, the aforementioned non-coding backhoe operator who doesn't own a computer will have absolutely no intellectual connection to the concept of open source. All he will hear when given the choice is that a bunch of pimple-faced teenagers in their underwear developed this pacemaker in their bedrooms and experimented with their dogs. He'll opt for column A out of fear. I don't know these guys. My comment isn't aimed at them at all. I see a lot of projects on Kickstarter where I find myself immediately questioning the numbers. Having the scars to prove that I've run a business or two I generally have a good sense for costs, process and other elements of typical projects. In so many cases on Kickstarter the numbers are so awfully low that you have to wonder what will happen if the project reaches the stated goal and is funded. It is very easy to end-up working weeks-upon-weeks for $0.75 per hour and have nothing to show for it but a huge loss at the end of the process. My recommendation: If you are thinking about posting a project to Kickstarter and don't know much about business (profit, loss, fixed costs, variable costs, development costs, tooling costs, regulatory requirements, etc.) spend a few hundred bucks to get advise from someone who does. I would run your numbers by a CPA and some of the other stuff by, perhaps, an attorney with experience in the field. If it is manufacturing related, there might be regulatory issues (UL, CSA, TUV, CE) that an experienced manufacturing engineer might be able to help you with. Be careful, regulatory testing alone can easily get into the tens of thousands of dollars. In general, don't post a project to a site like Kickstarter unless and until you have had the financial model for your project verified by those best-qualified to do so. During the early part of my working life I had the experience of not getting a job due to the fact that I did not have a degree. It was a junior embedded programming job. I was 19 and just getting going with the college thing. The guy that got the job had a degree in landscaping and had taught himself some programming with an 8085 board that was popular at the time. I know because the owner of the joint was kind enough to tell me. I was probably too young to put-up a fight and state my case with authority. By the time this interview came about I had probably built and programmed no less than eight computers of my own design. I had programmed in assembler and written my own Forth compiler. I probably knew the architectures of nearly every popular microprocessor available at the time (80xx, 65xx, 68xxx). I had been an electronics hobbyist since probably the age of 13. I knew more and had certainly done more than the aforementioned job-robbing landscaper. Again, I'll mark that off to, at 19, not having the chops to state my case and fight to demonstrate that I was the better candidate. As it turns out a few months later, as luck would have it, I would land an entry level engineering job where skills and work ethic were valued far more than anything else. I rose to a level of being solely responsible for multi-million dollar engineering projects while still attending school. In my case it turned out OK in the end. The issue is that a degree is a check-mark item that a lot of companies use for filtering. Just one look through job on Monster and you can see that lots of them have degrees as minimum requirements. If you are dealing through an agency you might not get past the first filter, no matter what you know and what you've done. In the case of Mr. Cuban, it'd be interesting to hear about examples where his organization has hired people in spite of not having a degree from a traditional institution. "And it’s something very simple, very obvious, something that few want to hear: The epidemic was caused by the overproduction of food in the United States." Overproduction? Does a factory intentionally produce more cars than it can sell? Probably not. How about a baker? Does a baker produce more cookies than she can sell? Not for long. Maybe a farmer? No. Not really. That is not an economically sustainable position to take. If we take the "overproduction" assertion as fact, this begs the question: Why is this happening? One answer is that consumers have more money to spend and they are choosing to spend some of it buying (and consuming) more food. Fair enough. Another answer could be that, in certain segments, government geniuses decided they know better than to let free market work. They go in and throw money around to make producers do what they would not under normal circumstances. That triggers over-production of certain goods. Which triggers lower prices. Which triggers higher consumption. And so on. Another possible answer is a combination of the above. I am, admittedly, against government meddling in our lives. I want them out of nearly everything. Go throw parties for foreign dignitaries and balance our books. Maybe do a few more things. Oh, yes, those borders. Deal with them will ya? Any time these guys dip their ignorant toes into the water of our lives they invariably create a mess that our children and our children's children will have to pay for. Of course, this philosophy extends to self-responsibility. In my family we might have a soft drink or two at parties here and there. Just like having ice-cream, in moderation it is an occasional treat. Aside from that, water only. What the hell is wrong with people that go into a gas station and order a 64 ounce soft drink? That's like consuming a cup full of sugar while you drive to work. This is where another angle in this equation comes into play: A third-payer system of health does not penalize bad behavior. Someone who is a complete moron when it comes to how they take care of their bodies and what they put into it should suffer the financial consequence of having to pay a lot more for healthcare. Today, those of us who try to be sensible are paying for the idiots who are not. That is fundamentally wrong. If you want a healthy and slim population, again, get government the hell out of the way. Yes, it can be that simple. Don't manipulate markets and don't get involved in healthcare. People should buy and pay for their own health insurance, just like they do car insurance. If you drive like a mad-man and get tickets and accidents your insurance goes up or it could be cancelled. The end result is that people modify their behavior to what is a financially sensible state. The same would happen with healthcare if people were directly responsible for their own insurance and suffered the consequences of their dumb decisions. Smoke and destroyed your lungs? Your insurance should cost you $50K per year. Enjoy. Drink alcohol like an animal and turned your liver into mush? $75K a year. Have fun. The rest of us would have sensible policies which would reward us for being responsible while covering us in the case of catastrophic events or serious illness outside of our control. To be clear, I don't have a problem contributing to the pot to help out those afflicted with cancer or similar horrible diseases. A portion of everyone's premiums would cover these out-of-the-norm cases. Then there's the case of obesity caused by diseases like Cushings Syndrome (pituitary gland tumor) that's potentially deadly and has nothing to do with over-eating. We need to collectively help those people. Nothing wrong with that. I do have a problem supporting the moron who has a Double Big-Gulp every day chased by a large pizza and no exercise other than playing XBox for hours every day. That said, the app for the model looks interesting. I had my basal metabolic rate measured last year before I started a Master's Swimming program. I like numbers and wanted to have some data. It was 1850 kcal/day. According to the Human Weight Simulator I have to consume 2576 kcal/day to maintain my weight. That, for some reason, feels way too high. I haven't counted calories in a long time, but might do it for a few weeks just to get a sense of what this model is doing. I doubt that I am consuming much more than 1700 kcal/day on average. But, I could be wrong. I'd be nice if they released a paper with this equation the article mentions. Is that published anywhere? Well, there's loosing weight and loosing body fat. Two very different things. Two visibly different things. I know. I went back to edit that but it was too late. I meant to say "raises the question" but fell into an all-too-common trap. This is easy to do in English if you are not on your toes because the word "question" has two meanings and "beg", in my opinion, makes it even more confusing. In other languages, for example, Spanish, the equivalent phrase is not ambiguous at all: petición de principio I actually studied Logic in Spanish while my family was living abroad. Sometimes that does a number with my brain because I actually think about the fallacies in Spanish! Thanks for pointing that out. Excel can be an amazing tool when automated. I am amazed that more companies don't train their employees on task automation (Excel or not). A few years ago I had a situation while working on a circuit board design. The board used huge FPGA's with over a thousand pins each. Creating and managing the schematic and PCB symbols for these chips took days of agonizing work. I finally had enough and wrote a tool that used Excel for data entry and editing. After about a month of work we could take an FPGA from data sheet to EDA files inside of 30 minutes. The tool most-definitely paid for itself many times over as it saw use over several years. That's the one thing that is outstanding about MS Office: The ability to automate across tools is fantastic. I have a question: Why are these considered different sites by your algos? If we were talking ".com" vs ".net", OK, I get it. But this is about "www.domain.com" vs "domain.com" and their http and https variants. I'm sure there's something I don't understand. Would "http:www.apple.com", "https:www.apple.com", "http:apple.com" and "https:apple.com" be treated by Google as four completely different and separate sites also to be ranked in isolation of each other? Why? If you mean that the have succeeded in issuing a stock at 100x earnings, you are absolutely right. This is not, by any measure, a failure for those who funded FB prior to the IPO. In fact, they are getting paid 100x earnings for the company they own! Hypothetical: I lend a hammer to a neighbor. He then goes and, after building the cabinet he needed the hammer for, kills two people with it. Why am I liable for his actions? This is the part of the rent-your-car story I just don't get. She had nothing to do with it. She should have zero liability. That's the part of the legal system that is really messed-up. Liability for this accident should sit squarely on the shoulders of those directly involved in causing it. The only way she should be liable is if the car had a known defect that caused the accident. A general comment about playing Chess. I've been playing since I was a kid. I like the game. Well, sort of. I've probably logged nearly 10K games on the playchess server. One day, while having a conversation about Chess with another (older) engineer he made a comment that really stuck in my mind, he said: "All you accomplish by playing a lot of Chess is to become a better Chess player". His comment had a point to it. The conversation took place while we were waiting for the results of FEA for a fluid-based thermal management system. Each run took 18 hours. It had been running overnight and we were about to get results. While we waited I fired-up a quick game of Chess and we started to talk about the subject once I was done. His point was that, unless your goal is to become a world champion and somehow earn a living out of playing Chess the game can very easily become a huge waste of time. You don't learn anything more than playing Chess. It is false to assume that good Chess players are really smart people. Yes, they might have the ability to achieve deep concentration and focus on the game. One would be surprised to learn just how bad some really good Chess players are about other things in life. I thought about this on-and-off for months. Nearly every time I thought about playing Chess his words played back in my head. My conclusion was to accept that he was right: There was no point to playing Chess beyond a level of entertainment. In order to become truly competitive in Chess you have to become a human database. You need to study openings, endings, all sorts of mid-game permutations. You need to study your opponents' games and know how to counter some of their moves or approaches. In other words, you need to turn a fun game into a job. That, to me, turns a fun game into an ugly job. I have no interest in being that person. This point got driven home as I taught my kids to play. I started one of them off when he was six. This was prior to my "revelation". Very soon he was winning local tournaments right and left. As I understood what was happening I pulled him back a bit from this rather serious engagement with the game. To some extent he had already learned a lot of what the game has to offer: Considering your options; Patience; Planning; Concentration; Goals; Making choices; etc. His time would be far better invested on such topics as programming, music, even building cool things with Legos. You can learn the basic real-world-usable lessons of Chess within six to twelve months of playing the game. Anything beyond that is just playing more Chess with no further lessons that apply to other aspects of your life. I admire GM's at the levels seen in these championships. Good for them. It is their chosen profession and they excel at it. However, I am no-longer in awe of their mental abilities. What they have to become in order to play at these levels is, to me, the absolute opposite of what the game felt like when I was a kid. It was very cool to solve problems as they were presented and "fight the battle". It isn't cool to play against a database --or have to become one. The point is that the extremes are bad. If someone spent ten hours a day doing nothing but building legos the observation would be exactly the same: It's not good for you. Chess can become a sick obsession. I know. I've been there. I have played chess for 12 hours straight on more than one occasion. It leaves you rattled and with nothing good to show for it. Contrast that to spending twelve hours with a mixed bag of skills: learning to play the guitar, watching a tutorial or two, taking in a couple TED talks, etc. My greater point might be that if you have x amount of hours per day to devote to something it is probably a bad idea to devote too much of it to Chess. You are going to get nowhere by playing chess the way you learned it. The only way to start climbing up the ranks is to become a human database. That takes you in a very different direction. I agree as general points. I'll disagree as it applies to Chess. The only way to escalate the ranks in chess is to become a living database. That transforms people. I've seen it and it's ugly. The chess you learned as a kid was a game. This chess is a very different animal. Off the top of my head, a profession that requires people to become a human database is something like pharmacology. These folks have to know a lot about a tremendous number of medications. The difference between pharmacology and chess is that the former is actually useful and has a purpose. Once chess becomes "who is the better database" it stops being intellectually or practically useful as far as I am concerned. And when that time comes it will be fun. BTW, by far the best tool I have found to teach kids Chess is the Chessmaster game on the Playstation. It is very, very well done and has a nice progression of tutorials and exercises. Best time to start is when your kid can read as not all prompts are verbal. That's true, but the www/no-www/http/https cases are very likely to refer to exactly the same site. Besides, Google's algos, through crawling, should know that it is the same site. It seems unfair to punish the site for this. Neat idea for that initial feel-good phase. I can see this being an interesting toy to take on a camping trip or similar. Pass it around and people can have some fun. I get it. On the other hand, I echo some of the sentiments expressed by others who have experience actually playing guitar. I play classical guitar and have been teaching my kid the same. Once you get past what I call single-note-at-a-time pieces progress into more interesting music requires real work. On the guitar, just like the piano, fingering is of paramount importance. Without developing an understanding for this you'll twist your hand into a pretzel and simply will not be able to advance. Then there's proper right hand technique, which is different between and electric with a pick and classical or finger-style. The guitar has weird and difficult simultaneous left hand finger motion that one must drill and learn. I suppose they could include such drills in the app. My favorite source of pain for both left and right hand training is "Pumping Nylon" by Scott Tennant. Most who know the subject would probably agree. Reading written music is, in my opinion, very important and --I'll venture that far-- the only way to go. Tab is cool, but why go there if reading actual musical notation isn't that hard at all. As someone mentioned, there's a ton of information in a score. Scores written for guitar, particularly at the beginner level, include right and left hand fingering as well as all sorts of other notations. All of my sheet music has copious notes on pencil as I learn the pieces. A neck full of LEDs just can't take you very far at all. I'm sure I could be fun, but there's a real brick wall that'll make the fun stop pretty quickly. That said, if something like this inspires the player to move up and learn the right way then I am all for it. I might actually get one just because I'm a sucker for gadgets, but it will be just that: a fun gadget to bring out, show off and possibly take camping. I believe that because of this, they have a good chance of becoming the next million-dollar-plus Kickstarter project. I hope Myth Busters read HN. This would be a good one: Can you take a 2CV and turn it into a motorcycle and river-crossing barge. We are not going to evolve as a society until we abolish unionized labor. I know that this is a strong statement. And it is likely to attract serious disagreement. Take this as on man's opinion and nothing else. It is my contention that in modern times unionized labor has done absolutely nothing good for our society. I understand that they had a time and a place to exist. Today, there's far more evidence of the damage they cause than the positive effects they may have been intended to produce. Unions create a false economy. One where people are paid exorbitant amounts of money for work that could be done for less in an open market. Unions also create stagnation both in terms of innovation and of human capital. Union members exist in an isolated cocoon where there is no need to excel or evolve past your station. Unions damage competitiveness at a national and international level. Unions damage the economy and destroy industries by creating contracts with unreasonable terms, benefits and pensions. Unions in government create a nasty conflict-of-interest situation where hordes of people vote as a unified block supporting the very laws and politicians that regulate their own jobs (vote for your own pay raise, etc.). Unions also use this vote-by-mob approach to influence politics and the politicians that want their votes. It is my opinion that unionized workers, as individuals, are generally good hard-working people. However, once their thoughts and actions are controlled by the need to support their "team" (the union) the collective can, and often becomes, evil in many ways. Case in point: UAW contract clause that causes car companies to have to retain workers displaced by automation. These workers earn full salary to do absolutely nothing. The Chinese have got to be laughing their asses off when they see us self-destruct this way. Teacher unions are yet another example. The list of evils is too long to list here. The most basic one is the inability to fire bad or even down-right criminal teachers. We would be able to move at a very different pace if unions went away. I won't hold my breath. Very funny, but this is utter nonsense. The vast majority of corporation exist in a free market economy. They compete with others for human resources and business. On the political front, when was the last time you saw a corporation mobilize MILLIONS of their employees and align them to vote in support of a law or political candidate? What you are more likely to see is that a corporation has a diversity of people with different ideas and opinions. In other words, individuals. I've worked inside a unionized environment. I know what it does to people. It's ugly. The comparison to the free market alternative is nothing less than ridiculous. That is part of the problem. They also never care about the long-term effects that their demands have on their employers. A case in point is pensions. The state of California is sinking under the weight of the ridiculous deals politicians (government workers) made with unions (of government workers) with regards to pensions. So, you have politicians who favor and need the vote of unions granting deals to unions of government workers to provide them with pensions and benefits that nobody in their right mind would even consider in the free world. The end-result is that they bankrupt the State and all of us end-up working for THEM. At the rate we are going even my kids will end-up working for the unionized government workers in California if we stay in this state. This is down-right criminal. First of all: If you are going to resort to ad-hominem attacks you are not going to get very far. I resent you characterizing me as "ignorant" and clue-less. It is uncalled for and without justification. You don't know anything about me. I was not going to comment beyond that until I saw this: "Unions- and yes, even those in California- they are one of the few things holding the economy up" Really? How so? I think this is, again, utter nonsense. How are unions holding-up the US economy? You are joking, right? If don't have to back-up anything. If you are interested you go and do the research, it's actually very easy these days. Also, I worked within a unionized environment for eight years. I have seen the beast from the inside. What it does to people and businesses is nothing less than horrible. I have seen people come to work drunk knowing full-well that they could not be fired for it. I have seen people sleeping at work. Again, can't fire them. I have seen people refuse to help out where help was needed because it was not in their union contract ("Can you help me move this (light) box? No. It's not in my contract"). I've seen people get paid $150K per year to do what most anyone would consider nothing or very little. Jobs that in the "outside" free market would not justify more than $15 per hour suddenly become $50 per hour + benefits + pension for life jobs in an unionized environment. When you look at the fact that government is loaded with unionized workers one of the most immediate reactions should be: As tax-payers we are getting shafted. These people are getting paid lots more than their free market equivalents. Lots. And, of course, when you count lifetime pensions funded by taxpayers the numbers are far worst. OK, since you are an evidence kind of guy (or gal, I don't know) I'll take the time to give you some of that data. Let's use this link: http://www.bls.gov/news.release/union2.nr0.htm Oh, wait a minute, that's the link YOU provided. Yup. Thanks. I reviewed the page and came up with these interesting notes: "In 2011, among full-time wage and salary workers, union members had median usual weekly earnings of $938, while those who were not union members had median weekly earnings of $729." Translation: If you do the math, median union worker wages are about 29% higher than equivalent free market workers. I'll leave it to the reader to Google a little and find data comparing wage differentials by occupation. Here's another one: "In 2011, 7.6 million employees in the public sector belonged to a union, compared with 7.2 million union workers in the private sector." Sounds fairly benign, right? Until you read the next two sentences: "The union membership rate for public-sector workers (37.0 percent) was substantially higher than the rate for private-sector workers (6.9 percent). Within the public sector, local government workers had the highest union membership rate, 43.2 percent." So, on average 37% of government workers are unionized. And, if you look locally, over 43% belong to a union. Only 7% of free-market workers are unionized! Something stinks here. Government workers figured-out how to game the system by unionizing. We now work for them. This is where the huge conflict of interest is created. Government workers belong to unions in staggering numbers and they vote and act as a block. They also enlist the support of other unions in getting behind legislation and politicians who will keep throwing candy at them. Again, all you have to do is look at California and the disaster that politicians and unions have created to understand how badly this can degenerate. There's plenty of evidence of this on the web: http://news.stanford.edu/news/2011/december/california-pensi... http://www.ocregister.com/articles/pension-336894-california... http://www.pensiontsunami.com/ A quote from one of these links: "a research team based at Stanford University and headed by Joe Nation, a former Democratic state assemblyman, released an updated analysis of state and local pension funds, concluding that they are underfunded by hundreds of billions of dollars and, unless reformed, will seriously erode future financing of schools, health care and other services." Anyhow, you can believe what you'd like. You can believe that corporations are evil. And that's fine. That will not change reality. Even when corporations cover everything form the corner bakery to Apple. And, BTW, nobody ever claims that Apple is evil. It's those other evil corporations. Also, nobody ever seems to state at what revenue level corporations become evil. Or after what number of employees? By any measure Apple should be one of the most evil corporations in the world. The reality that remains unchanged is that we and our children are very likely to have to pay for union pensions for the rest of our lives. And, that, among other things, is horribly wrong. While I could be more ignorant than I have a clue (as someone in this thread kindly pointed out) the sad reality is that even this does not alter the facts. If it did I'd gladly declare myself to be an utter idiot. The facts are that unions are causing and will continue to cause a lot of damage at many levels. Here in California we ought to seriously look at the idea of, at the very least, removing them from government. As is always the case, the problem has many facets. Yes, you are right, the special treatment of unions is a problem. The other problem is what unions extract or obtain from employers by sheer force. In any other context this would be called extortion. I'll grant that there are places where unionized labor is probably still justified. Once case that comes to mind is mining. I say this out of complete ignorance as I don't know the first thing about the mining industry. Maybe even that industry is beyond unions as well. One place where unions do not belong is in government. Here unions create a "gang" of people who act against their employer --our government-- and, of course, us, the tax payers. This is a huge conflict of interest. It creates a never-ending need for more and more money rather than creating a competitive environment where creativity and efficiency are rewarded, just like anywhere else. This is a general problem with Google and their customer-no-service attitude. It's just deplorable. It really is. You have to wonder: What is it going to take for them to give a shit and actually do something about it? Very soon the word gets out that HN is where you can get your Google bullshit problems fixed and we'll be treated to pages-upon-pages of people with Google problems. The general issue is that of account suspension or closings without any recourse. It seems that the most damage is being done in the AdSense/AdWords ecosystem. I've said this before, with the introduction of services like Google Drive, one has to really think hard before jumping in with both feet. If you have your email, documents, advertising, revenue generation, file storage and other important services with Google you might be risking a lot. At the present time you have to assume that all of those services could evaporate and go "poof" overnight and you'll never know why. That's why I don't use any of them. I have better things to do with my life than to have a heart-attack because a Google algo decided to shut-down my business and cut me off from all of my data. Seriously, Google, Larry, Sergey, this is embarrassing (and evil). Give me a break. Nonsense on top of nonsense. Here are a few corporations for you: Corner bakery Local health club Childcare center Starbucks Children's Hospital Cancer Centers of America Local used car dealership IT Consultant Your kids' Karate studio Your little girl's Dance studio The restaurant you might frequent The only remaining local book store The Bed and Breakfast at that camping spot The bicycle rental shop Chevron GE United Airlines Ford The Humane Society Microsoft Google Facebook Apple And, probably most businesses you frequent, recommend and have worked for. All evil? All colluding to destroy the planet? All secretly communicating through back channels to concoct schemes to extract untold profits by polluting and buying-off politicians? I don't know you so none of the following is aimed at you whatsoever. Again, this comment is not --it is NOT-- about you: This is the kind of crap our colleges and universities are pounding into kids brains simply because most professors don't have a clue as to how the real world works. Very often when I hear pro-union, anti-corporation, anti-business or anti-capitalism comments its from people who have had very little experience in what I call "the real world". No experience in actually making something. No experience taking a risk; failing; taking another risk; failing again; not giving up; taking yet another risk; and finally succeeding. Yet, these people want and use all of the benefits that come from evil corporations and capitalism. And, yet again, these people think that entrepreneurs magically become evil once they make it and particularly if they make it big. The very computers and the communications networks they use to spew-off these moronic ideas are monuments to the triumph of the free market system over every other idea in history. Yet, as they make use of everything that these economic system have provided they insist that all of it is evil. I have yet to see one of these people forgo all that has come out of these evil systems and go live somewhere where capitalism is rejected and corporations are not allowed. Somewhere where, presumably, everything is owned and run by the --always benevolent, of course-- government and nobody is allowed to make a profit beyond a government-approved level. I'd love to see see folks who spew out these ideals actually live by their own words for a few years and then compare notes. The good news is that we still have such bastions of alternative though in this world. Pick one. Go live there. Have fun. To re-iterate, none of this is about you. The general sentiment expressed by these groups also reminds me of an argument a good friend of mine had with his neighbor. He is into guns. I'm not, but I don't have any issues with people owning them. His neighbor is as anti-gun as you can possibly get, to the point of harassing my friend about his gun hobby (not very smart, if you ask me). They've had this argument for years. One day my friend decided to settle the argument once and for all. He had these nice large signs printed. The first red something like: "We own guns and support your right to own them" while the second said "We are against guns and don't own any". In the middle of the night he placed the sign on their corresponding lawns. Predictably, in the morning his doorbell rang. The neighbor was angry about this sign. When my friend asked him why this sign was a problem if it was what he believed he replied: "We'll get robbed". Case closed. Don't like capitalism and corporations? Go find a place that does it some other way and enjoy. One could very easily argue that the USER ought to be empowered to take control of the UI. I'll use MS Excel as an example of a tool that I've used with regularity since it came to market. MS thought they knew better and utterly destroyed the UI with the introduction of Office 2007. As anyone who was a power user prior to that version and you are very likely to get a nearly unanimous thumbs-down on the changes. The ribbon interface, as well as other choices MS made, took a power user and made him/her feel like a total idiot. Could you learn it? Sure. Could you find the commands you needed? Of course. And, for a period of days and weeks your productivity went down to nearly zero. Here is a case of a company thinking it knew better and pushing forward changes that actually destroyed productivity in a massive way. That sort of thing led me to thinking that users ought to be empowered to completely customize their UI. Keep the mainstream on the new shiny thing, but enable a setting that allows me to use a text editor to completely redo all of your choices. Create a marketplace for the sharing of these config files under source control too. A mechanical engineer will have different needs than an executive assistant, not in complexity but rather in context and workflow. A lot of the reasons for which this algo can optimize in the wrong direction have been covered here. In general terms, I agree with all of it. I am a big fan of two techniques that I feel would enhance an approach like the one suggested: FIR filters and Decay. Simply put: I believe it is important to have a mechanism through which decisions are not made too quickly. A finite impulse response filter would take care of this very well. In addition to that, older measurements should not carry the same importance as nice-fresh data. Who cares what people thought about the buttons (or whatever) a month or two ago? The crowd visiting the site this week could have been affected by solar flares. Maybe they prefer something else. Obviously you need enough traffic to be able to use such techniques. Not sure it's worth the complexity in all cases. This seems very appropriate: "On small step for man; one giant leap for mankind" -Neil Armstrong This truly marks the start of a new era. Really? What event would you use to mark the start of private space exploration? If they succeed in evolving this to a higher level of sophistication and functionality people will point to this mission as the start of it all. If they fail they will point at this mission as an example of a foolish pursuit that should have been left in the hands of government agencies. Either way this is, without a doubt, the start of the private sector launching into space exploration. Nobody can point to any other private mission that launched a capsule, docked at the space station and then returned cargo to earth. put in other terms: $ git commit -a -m 'Here we go!' I can't remember ever having read a legal document that pulled me in as this one most-definitely did. I found it fascinating and educational. Every time I had a question Judge Alsup answered it. In detail. It clarified many points and questions I had about some of my work and upcoming projects where the question of interface vs. expression was surely going to come-up. The other thing it did for me is further clarify the demarcation line between copyright and patent. I had a very good idea, but this document explored edges I didn't know existed. It's probably a matter of style at some level. I hate this style (from the article): if (...) { if (...) { ... } else { if (...) { ... } else if (...) { ... } else { ... } } and prefer this: if (...) { if (...) { ... } else { if (...) { ... } else if (...) { .. } else { ... } } } The first example is confusing and hard to read. The second is clean and easy to read. As to the question of optimization, that's a different matter. Lots of tricks can be used to compress code into fewer statements on a case by case basis: if(pushbutton == 0) { led = 12; } else { led = 24; } can become led = (pushbutton == 0) ? 12 : 24; or led = (pushbutton * 12) + 12; or led = 12 * (pushbutton + 1); etc. Just a silly example. Real I/O code should have lots of checks and balances. How so? I think you might be taking what was intended to be a simple example a little too far. That said, "pushbutton" could very well be limited to the values 0 and 1 during the keypad scanning, debouncing and decoding code. Chill bro. Did either of you pick-up the fact that the first version is missing a curly brace? :) Hard to see. That's my point. And that's why I tend to favor the second style. I'll use any convention if required, but if given a choice I go for styles that protect me from my own dumb mistakes as much as possible. I understand. This was about coding style and not about solving a particular problem correctly. Next time I might choose a better example. Maybe I'll include complete keyapad matrix scanning, debouncing and encoding code...just to be safe. (just kidding). It's been a long, long time since I've checked button activity that way. These days andy time I do embedded work I tend to use either my own RTOS or a third party RTOS. In most of these cases UI events get turned in to messages in a message loop (sort of like programming for Windows). So it is likely that there's a big switch statement somewhere picking picking off messages off the FIFO and processing them accordingly. The low-level stuff happened somewhere else. The message would indicate the event that took place (UP, DOWN, CLICK, DOUBLE_CLICK) and parameters in the message packet would identify the button or buttons (in the case chords are enabled) that generated the event. Fun stuff. Wrote this code years ago and keep reusing it. It simply works. Now doing a lot more iOS and web development. iOS can feel a lot like embedded development at times. I don't know why you were downvoted. I've programmed in everything from entering hex code into a hexadecimal keypad to assembly, Forth, APL and beyond. Sure, languages can influence style. I wouldn't go as far as calling any language "ugly". There's that initial phase of exposure when one might not be comfortable with the language constructs. And yes, at that moment in time it is natural to feel that a language might be "ugly". I certainly felt that way when learning Objective-C. Once you get on the other side and you start using the language for real work things can change. I don't hate any particular language but do enjoy some more than others. Forth, APL and Lisp were a lot of fun to work with. I disagree with this. Think of the basics of the UI if you'd like, but this idea of creating it first might only apply to a narrow project definition. In my view you must think in terms of data models / data representation first. Then you move on to CRUD. At that point you might move into some of the functionality above CRUD and other app mechanics (for example: login, authorization, verification, support interaction, etc.). At this stage, if we are talking about a web project, the UI doesn't need to look any prettier than a Craig's List page. Once that reaches flight altitude (meaning, that the basics are working) the UI can become the focus. This becomes particularly true when you consider multi-platform applications. Say you have an app that needs to run on the web, mobile-web, as well as various phones and tablets. If the UI is first, which one? They are bound to be different. If you focus on the UI first you might do things that skew the model to suit a particular platform. I you believe in MVC then you ought to be able to separate the three through specifications and marry them once each has reached a certain level of compliance with said specifications. Of course, there are difference that contrast a solo developer/designer vs. a multi-person team. I want to see the engine sputter, backfire and pop before I try to optimize anything and make it pretty (UI). Well, funny enough, I am one of those guys who is equally comfortable doing mechanical, electrical and software engineering. In all cases, the "beautification" of the product happens after the underlying principles, data structures, circuit fundamentals, loads, thermal requirements, etc. are well understood and have gone through many prototyping and testing phases. I am not talking about minimum-viable-product stuff here. Yes, if the goal is a minimum-viable-product type web solution, by all means, make it pretty and fake the rest until you see enough traction to figure out if there's a real business. For nearly anything else, the internals need to be well understood before it makes sense to do anything else. I can't think of one mechanical design I've done where I spent a ton of time figuring out color, size, shape and location of buttons and knobs before fully understanding what needed to go inside the box, what the electronics was going to look like, communications protocols, power supply requirements, environmental requirements, etc. So, yes, if I was going to design a car I'd start by selecting an engine, drive train and suspension components and then designing the of the vehicle rest around it. You'd fit artists concepts and renderings to the realities of the underlying mechanics. It then becomes an iterative process where you push and pull and make adjustments to both the artistic expression and the technical realities of the design in order to converge on a product that can be released. Let me state the obvious: These analogies are all imperfect. I learned APL in college and used it professionally for about eight years. I really enjoyed the language. Once you know it well enough it creates a very interesting flow condition. You are able to focus on the problem rather than the mechanics of solving it. It's hard to describe but you definitely feel the difference when going from APL to something like C, Forth or Lisp. One of the huge problems with APL back then was that workspaces (the memory and resource sandbox your work is constrained to) were limited in size. The other was the trouble you had to go through in the early days to be able to see and print the character set. On early IBM PC versions you had to change the character generator ROM. You also had to buy very specific printers for which you could buy APL print heads (for example, IBM Selectric). Today these issues are gone and workspaces are large enough to tackle the vast majority of problems. There is, however, in my opinion, a serious problem with APL today: It is too expensive. Yes, there are low cost or even free APL's, but the ones you want will run you $1,000 to $2,000 per seat. That's ridiculous. If there's a language that would have benefited from FOSS, this is it. I strongly believe that APL adoption would be far wider today if it had a strong FOSS offering. The other issue is that, probably because it didn't go FOSS, the language didn't evolve into OO. I think it needs to. It also needs a few additional mutations to make it easier to work with and deploy. APL for the web, as a wild thought, could be a very interesting idea. The compression of code would be magnificent to see. I haven't used APL in quite some time but would jump on it if it made sense. Back in the day I used APL for projects ranging from robotics, to business databases, DNA sequencing and astronomical calculations. It was fun. Probably a great internal tool at Morgan Stanley. I haven't heard of anyone outside of them using it seriously, but I could be wrong. With all due respect to Mr. Iverson, whom I had the pleasure of meeting at an international APL conference many moons ago, I think J went in the wrong direction. Part of the power of APL is in the symbolic representation of concepts. The symbols are important. They form a language in more than one sense. Replacing them with ASCII/unicode equivalents rips the guts out of the language. Here's a thought experiment: Take mathematic expressions and replace every symbol with two or three character ASCII (or whatever) equivalents. The integral symbol might become "integ"; the root symbol become "root"; first, second and third derivative periods become "der1", "der2" and "der3"; and so on. What have you accomplished? Well, at the very least you've ruined the superbly expressive nature of mathematics through agreed upon special symbols. One could do the same with music and the results would be exactly the same. In general terms, I believe that we don't need to go in that direction. We need to search for and find the programming equivalent of music and math notation. If you've ever looked at some VHDL code you have seen an example of just how ugly this can get. Whenever I do FPGA work I use Verilog, which feels very much like C. Defining a register in Verilog looks something like this: reg [0:7] my_register; In VHDL: my_register: std_logic_vector(7 downto 0); It's been a while since I touched VHDL so this example could be off. I don't remember if you have to add IN, OUT or INOUT to the declaration. The point though is that one (Verilog) is compact and to the point whereas the other (VHDL) beats the crap out of you with unnecessary verbosity. My definition of "unnecessary" is that, if the exact same result can be had without the extra stuff then there is absolutely no reason for it to exist. The entire VHDL language is like that, this is just one example. If I remember correctly, there was one thing that was nice about VHDL way-back-when which had to do with parametric generation of code. Later Verilog implementations added these capabilities without making you feel that you were typing a novel. The long post is to say that notation is important. It is a tool for thought as much as it provides expressive power. J, in my humble opinion, went the wrong way. On the other hand, at-will employment == no need for a reason (or employee handbook). From Wikipedia: "any hiring is presumed to be "at will"; that is, the employer is free to discharge individuals "for good cause, or bad cause, or no cause at all," and the employee is equally free to quit, strike, or otherwise cease work." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/At-will_employment I'm not a lawyer, but, my gut feeling is that if you are in an at-will jurisdiction the easiest way to fire is to simply do a "I regret we have to let you go" firing with no explanations. Why do I say this? Because opening your mouth beyond that could open you up for liability and the labor department is as anti-business as can be. I had a really bad experience with a sales guy I hired some time ago. The standard deal was 90 days probation. We signed a very detailed contract upon employment that spelled out the terms. The contract was authored by my attorney and was fully legal in California. The basics of it were that he would get an advance on commissions as part of his weekly pay. This is common practice with sales people. In order to provide them with a minimum stable income you state their base pay and then negotiate an advance on future commissions. The idea is that once they start selling they pay you back for the advance. In this case, the advance was $1,000 per week. Put another way, he owed me $1,000 per week and had to pay it back out of future sales commission. It's a trust relationship: I give you money you have not earned trusting that you'll work hard to repay it and actually earn beyond that. To clarify, this sales person was not getting paid $1,000 per week. His weekly paycheck included a base salary plus the $1,000 advance. Well, he sold a net total of $0 in six months of employment. I should have let him go at the 90 day period but that would have been the holiday season and, back then, I was a sucker for not doing that to people with families. I've been on the receiving end of loosing my job at the end of the year and just didn't want to do that to others. Fucking sap I was. I had a stern talk with him and wished him happy holidays. Once back he didn't sell a thing for three more months. I let him go and gave him a full explanation as to why. I also did the math and figured out that he owed me nearly $26K in unearned commissions. Keep in mind, this was a loan, from me to him, based on the agreement that he would pay it back as he started to earn commissions from sales. Again, being a fucking sap, I told him that I would simply not pay him his last two weeks and be done with it. That amounted to recovering just a few thousand dollars. A couple of months later I find myself in a hearing at the Labor Board. Contract in hand, I assume that this is a done deal. I produced the signed multi-page contract. He admitted to knowing all about it and understanding the terms. I presented a balance sheet showing the math and that he owed me over twenty thousand dollars but was willing to call it even and move on. We would hear the decision within two weeks of the hearing. Two weeks later I get a letter ordering me to pay him $5,000! I consulted with my attorney. He said that we could go after the labor board for failing to honor a legally binding contract and win. However, he said, this is going to cost you far more than $5,000. Ten times that much, if you are lucky. "Pay the guy and move on". So I did and learned a few very valuable lessons. This, BTW, to get a little political, is one of the ways votes are bought in this country. We hear of corrupt regimes in other countries. It's the same here, but with different techniques. In this case, the Democratic party ensures voter loyalty by playing games like this one (favoring labor, unions, government workers, etc.). That guy, the ace sales guy, will remember the extra five grand he got at my expense and will bend over backwards to support the party who got him that. The problem is that they don't understand (voters and party) that they are destroying jobs. President Obama is a cool guy, but if someone from another planet were to draw conclusions based on his speeches they'd conclude that the only important people in the US are "teachers, police, fireman and construction workers", or, put another way "unions, unions, unions, and unions". Crock of shit. Having a manual might be a good idea. An even better idea is to have a good relationship with your attorney. In some industries you will need him/her often. Thankfully this was a corner case for me. I've never had other issues with the people I've hired. Most professionals are exactly that, responsible and hard working pros. I am quite liberal with my relationship with those who work for me when we all behave as responsible pros. For example, one time I encouraged my marketing manager to take a paid week off to go see a band she loved in the UK. That paid week did not come out of her vacation time. I paid for it because she was doing a good job and thought it'd be nice to show my appreciation this way. I am happy to say that I have many examples like that. I'm sorry, but this is yet another example of what happens when governments stick their paws into the economy. They interrupt the natural forces of a free market and everyone suffers for it. Nothing good ever comes out of their actions. What's worst, the laws they pass never have a sensible termination date or a built-in mechanism for sensible adaptation to changes. The more fundamental question here is: Why does the government have the right to regulate and interfere with taxi services in this fashion? Imagine if you had to own a "medallion" to do whatever it is you do. And, imagine that the government tightly controlled these. Imagine that you have to lease medallions just to be able to work. If you are in any tech related field your reaction is probably one of disgust. Virtually none of the innovation we have had over the last several decades would exist today. It would be nearly impossible for truly competitive forces to develop. Nothing would be the same. Well, that's exactly what your government and, to be fair, the way some of you are voting, is doing to our country. Do us all a favor: Stop voting as a tribe and start voting as individuals with brains. If we don't devolve out of our current path and evolve into a strong free-market, low taxes, low government, pro-business, low entitlement society you will live to see this country destroy itself from the inside out. Then what? Use your brains. The part you are ignoring is that the customers, the public, are not sheep. Bad services can't survive. People would not make use of them. All you need are reasonable laws. Cabs ought to be in good shape. Serviced regularly. That sort of thing. Other than that, yes, let the market evolve without interference. Do you really think that Manhattan would end-up clogged with bad cabs from curb to curb? No. Beyond a certain population of cabs it will become unprofitable. At some point some would exit the market and do something else. Others might dive for low pricing. Yet others might choose to offer premium services and convenience and vie for those willing to pay a little more. In the end you'd have competition which is good for everyone involved. I sometimes find it ironic that liberals think they are helping the middle class and the poor by choosing to allow government to stick its paws into everything. In reality the result is exactly the opposite: The rules and regs keep entrepreneurs without lots of money out of some markets and the entitlement programs sap any drive to grow and succeed from the less fortunate. Eliminate those and you'll promote innovation, disruption and growth in some markets that have become "feudalized" through excessive government involvement and you'll see masses of people pull themselves out of poverty by working hard, going to school and generally competing for a better standing in life. While I find some republican ideas are overly driven by repulsive (to me) religious beliefs (for example, their approach to homosexuals) I have to say that, today, the only choice we have to pull our country out of the steep (and it is steep) nose-dive it is in is to support their candidates and push for a quick 180 across the board. The reality is that libertarian candidates are not going to gain massive traction for a long, long time. We don't have time to waste. We've already wasted enough of it. Obama? He wasn't even qualified to run a cookie baking operation when he was elected. Rewind to four years ago and imagine posting his resume on Monster.com to shop for a job. I'd be surprised if anyone would consider hiring him to run a cookie factory. Yet, we handed him (yes, me too) our country because he spoke well, smiled a lot and was a hip candidate. Change. And, of course, idiot Hollywood actors were in love with him. You know, the guys who make twenty million dollars to make a movie, live in ten million dollar mansions and work a few weeks a year? What the hell is wrong with us? Here we are. Lots of us regretting what we did. And we have the scars to show for it. The guy was a joke and is a joke. If this country doesn't do a fast 180 and re-align with free enterprise and capitalism we are done. With all this talk about security I am still wondering why everyone isn't up in arms about the fact that Chrome makes all of your stored passwords plainly visible at the click of a button or two. This has been the case for years and many complaints have been recorded, but Google, for some strange reasons, seems to refuse to even attempt to put forth any effort to secure their browser. I understand this very well. Here's one scenario: Busy office. Hundreds of computers. Open environment (no doors, just a bunch of desks/tables). Everyone using Chrome. The current version of Chrome would allow someone to, within a few clicks, grab a pile of passwords. Here's another scenario: Your mother takes her laptop to be repaired/updated. She uses Chrome. The entire repair shop has easy, unencumbered access to all of her passwords and logins. Similar scenario: Computer goes to IT guy where you work for repairs/updates. He now has any and all of your passwords and logins with no effort. My point is that for all this talk about security it seems really dumb for a prominent player (any prominent player) to not take extra steps to ensure that our valuable data is secure within reason. With LinkedIn the problem is, at the very least, the lack of anything beyond SHA-1 to protect passwords. Bad idea. In the browser case, it seems to me that, unless the intent is to provide a browser used only by those like us who understand and are very aware of security issues, it might just be a good idea to put in a few things that will make it harder for curious eyes or the 16 year old at the repair shop to grab all of your login data. I don't propose nor do I expect perfection or absolute security, but what Chrome does today is, in my opinion, at the very least irresponsible. The uninformed user has NO IDEA WHATSOEVER that a huge security hole exists in their browser. Maybe we need to stop thinking in our terms and focus on mom, dad, uncle or grandma. When you first install Chrome you should, at the very least, see a screen telling you about security and the options you might have. I think that a master passwords would most-definitely serve a purpose in the case of "innocent" peeking. Yes, with pro's all bets are off. It's only a matter of time until someone tracks identity theft to the lack of browser security and they sue the fuck out of the browser publisher. This is the part that really confuses me. You only have to run a business --any business-- for a few quarters to understand the negative impact that taxation and over-regulation can have on the decisions you make, the risks you take, your ability to compete and how quickly you can grow. You really don't need a study from Harvard to get data on this. If you don't get it because of a lack of business experience, go talk to your local high-school-educated baker, mechanic or gas-station owner for a quick round-down. The evidence is overwhelming. Yet, we keep dicking around and supporting policies, politicians and people who somehow think they can violate the laws of physics and make things better by shafting everyone with more taxes. When are we going to learn and act? When it is too late? I owned a manufacturing business for nearly a decade. We designed and assembled electronics, embedded systems, FPGA's, lots of code. Hell, we even had a full-blown CNC shop with the latest equipment. As an engineer it was fun to go to the office. As a business person, it was painful. Example: One day this guy from the County of Los Angeles Business Property Tax department shows up in our industrial area going from door to door. The guy comes into our office and informs us that he was there to confirm how much we owned in business property taxes. I told him that we leased the 10,000 square foot building. We didn't own it. He then says: "Do you own desks, computers, tools, machinery, fax machines, chairs...?". Sure. "Well, you have to pay the County of L.A. taxes on these and other items". The only thing that I could say to him was "You have to be fucking joking! I have to pay you taxes on my desks and chairs, forever? Why?" Think I am making this up? Here: http://lacountypropertytax.com/portal/contactus/ppa.aspx Being in manufacturing during the last several years has been a very painful experience. The supply chain is royally fucked. A lot of what you have to source you just can't get in the US any more. More an more suppliers are closing their doors every day. It's painful, difficult and you are getting killed by product coming from China. I won't go into the details that led to my decision to abandon hardware/electronics manufacturing. I, ultimately, decided that it was a far better idea to transform into a software-only enterprise and move away from making real physical goods. Because what we made involved everything from electronics, FPGA's, embedded, web and workstation software it really wasn't too difficult to shed the hardware portion of things and stick to software. I pains me because I love making things, but we, in the US, have somehow managed to FUBAR our system to such an extent that people like me have to say "fuck it" and move on. If you continue voting for policies that promote higher taxation and regulation, more government involvement and government programs you are going to get exactly the country you are voting for: A third world mess with rats jumping ship faster than humans. Mark my words. Think about it. What cracks me up is that you guys are arguing percentages and technicalities. Coming from my side of the table reading this would be funny if it wasn't so tragic. Go make something. Then come back and re-read your comments to see what they sound like. I wish they had added some form of multi-user or user control to iOS. Today, if you hand your iOS device to someone they can access things you might not want them to. Same if you loose it or need a repair. I'd love to setup users for kids and guests and segment app access in this fashion. I don't believe in down-voting without an explanation. Here's mine: These Mac vx. PC arguments now beyond ridiculous. To those of us for whom computers are tools and not just a way to get on Facebook the metric should not be emotion or fan-boy-ism but rather applicability, efficiency, utility, cost and other factors. I have a roughly equal number of PC's and Macs. I use both. I enjoy both. I get angry at both. There are good things with both OS's and there are thorn-in-my-ass problems with both. Welcome to having choices. As tools they are both fantastic. I love having unix behind the scenes with MacOS. Brilliant decision on their part. On the PC side, I have come to appreciate the non-nonsense cost-effectiveness of the platform. I have very powerful workstations setup for FEA fluid and heat simulation that cost a fraction of what our nicely-equipped Mac Pro's cost. And they rock. I could say more but have to get back to work. There you go, a downvote with an explanation. I am platform agnostic. That said, the one thing that continues to concern me with Apple is the continuation of their closed philosophy. The Mac App Store being the latest incarnation of their quest for total control. I, frankly, don't know what to make of it. An Apple ecosystem would have no competitors. Like it or not, Microsoft enabled an incredible level of global competition that, ultimately, has been responsible for bringing us the Internet as we know it. Stop and think about what I just said before you disagree. Nearly all of the hardware developments in the last thirty years have come on the backs of the MS platform. You can build inexpensive and powerful servers today because of MS. Same with Linux and other advances. They lit the fire that triggered an incredible evolutionary chain in both consumer and professional computing. While I understand why Apple does it this way --and they are fully entitled to do so-- I would not want to see a world where their computers are adopted en-masse unless they let go and break the chains. Re-read what I wrote and think about it. I knew it would be open for creative interpretations like yours. I did not attribute the Internet to Microsoft. What I said is that "Microsoft enabled an incredible level of global competition" and it is this competition that, in turn, allowed the internet to evolve into what we have today. Yes, networking existed way before MS. Yes, TBL wrote the first browser on NS. Yes, MS played catch-up with browsers. That is not the point. Linux didn't begin life until 1991. By that time the MS-ecosystem-driven PC evolution was very well under way. Linus Torvalds wrote the initial version of Linux on a '386 based PC. By that time PC clones ruled the world. The evolution had gone through the 8086, 80186 and 80286 processors. Machines cost a fraction of what the original true IBM PC cost, were faster and did a lot more. None of this would have happened with a closed hardware model. In fact, it did not. Apple was around at the same time, of course. They focused on keeping it all to themselves. MS, in turn, just did the software and let everyone else figure out the hardware. Yes, it was chaotic but it worked. As the internet begun to heat-up it was Linux running on PC hardware that made it explode. The internet required hardware to grow and explode into every corner of the world. It was the cheap PC hardware that resulted from the evolution of the PC around the MS software that, among other things, enabled the internet to explode like it did. Nobody can even attempt to credit Apple with any of that. Again, I am not anti-Apple here. Among other things, I develop iOS apps and have a nearly equal number of Windows and MacOS machine in the shop. I will likely buy more Apple hardware in the next few months. No issues there. My original post was not about bashing Apple, it was to highlight my concern for the increasing closed-everything (not just hardware) approach Apple is taking --which is a fact. In some cases it is almost despotic. As a developer, that concerns me a great deal. As a consumer, I prefer to see competition at all levels. I'd really like to see Apple open-up. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_Linux http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_Apple_Inc. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_personal_computers#The_IBM_PC http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_browser http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_web_browsers http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WorldWideWeb http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mosaic_(web_browser) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timeline_of_web_browsers This illustrates the issue I highlighted in another thread: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4097141 The fact that Apple keeps hardware and, increasingly, software, so tightly controlled leads to a situation like that of this "new" Mac Pro. If the Apple hardware ecosystem were open like that of Windows you'd have major companies all over the world evolving the platform in wonderful ways. Performance would go up and prices would come down. There are lots of use cases where the user couldn't give a crap about a nice and polished enclosure. You are paying dearly for design you don't need. If you want to pay for design, fine, do so, but to a lot of us it means nothing. Case in point: We have several workstations setup for Finite Element Analysis of heat and fluid flow. They are dual quad core i965 Extremes. They run overclocked at 4.0GHz with memory overclocked to 2.0GHz. They have 64GB of DDR3. All fluid cooled. Tons of storage as well. They also have dual NVidia graphics cards and sport three 24 inch 1920 x 1200 LCD monitors. Total cost, about $3,500. Including the three monitors and the OS hard drive. These are monster machines in terms of performance and they still cost less than a Mac Pro. We have three Mac Pro's as well. I would really like to see Apple open it up. A lot of interesting things could come of it. Because their hardware is not subject to competitive forces, we will now be stuck with a less-than-desirable incremental update for probably three years, if not more. NEC 24WMCX We bought a pile of them way back. Found a deal. The problem with the early attempt Apple made at inviting the clone market is that they didn't give it time to evolve. The first wave or two of IBM clones were a mess. A disaster. Compatibility problems galore. People who buy crap don't continue to buy it and they sure as hell don't recommend it. The crap PC clones died a quick death. It didn't take long for the market to evolve and "grow up". Companies like Compaq surfaced. Very soon you had a million hardware ideas iterating from every angle trying to do it better and for less. Today you can buy a PC notebook for a fraction of the cost of a Mac notebook --maybe a third or less. And, frankly, quality is excellent. Today you can walk into a place like Walmart and quite-literally grab almost any notebook computer and walk out with a quality product. That's what Apple missed out on. Everyone got spooked as they watched the evolution begin and they pulled the plug. Also, evolutionary forces are interesting. They naturally select product that people want. Perhaps Apple was afraid that they'd loose a lot more than the hardware war if they let go of the hardware. I don't know. Barring a few details, today a PC and Mac notebook are basically the same machine. Same processor, memory, graphics, etc. Yet Apple isn't iterating the hardware as quickly and efficiently as the PC market continues to. It'll be interesting to read what will be written in business books about this in twenty years. Where did I say that Apple clones where bad? All I said was that the model was not allowed to evolve and gave, as an example, the crap-to-good evolution of PC's. There is nothing wrong with floppy disks, VGA ports and CD-ROMs. These and other technologies still have a place in the right context and they tend to die off in an organic manner as industry can justify transitions. Progress? A quick Google search finds estimates that say that there will be about two billion PC's world-wide by 2015. That's progress, not coming up with a new port that nobody really cares for outside markets that can afford expensive new hardware on a regular diet. I think you are confusing progress with innovation. Testing new ideas is commendable. Apple has always been on the forefront of that in some ways. Progress is a different story altogether. One measure, as I am suggesting above, might be just how accessible a technology is to the masses (not just wealthy countries). World-wide Macs only represent 5 to 10% of the installed base. By this measure Apple has failed to deliver progress. If you look at smart phones, then, yes, Apple hit it out of the park. Right. I'd also add a general guest account where you, the device owner, can sandbox the available apps as well as permissions (no download, no installs, no cellular network data, etc.). The device owner/admin should be able to create and disable users as required. If you have kids, you might want to create an account for the kids that only offers them certain apps and limits a number of capabilities. A big part of that is that Apple controls the horizontal and vertical (sorry if you are too young to get the reference). I would imagine they have customized store builds that they can easily restore to a normal state when someone royally screws it up. Then there's probably a level of reasonable user level protection setup (no admin access). I've never tried going into an Apple store and tried to do admin type things. I'd be interesting to see how they deal with that. The contrast is even sharper in other countries. In some places it is a huge cultural no-no to go into a store and start touching stuff. Just try going into a toy store in one of these places with a US-raised kid used to ToysRUs. I might take you up on that. I am currently finishing up an iOS game. Once done with that I might go through my outstanding projects and pick one to try and outsource partially or in full. Are you referring to the column view? That's not a tree, it's a bunch of columns. If you have to reach a directory that is, say, 10 levels down, you end-up with a mess of columns that you have no need for. Here's random example: http://www.chapo.co.il/content/articles/snmp-fig5.gif The link I provided is for an example of a tree view. Isn't it obvious? Thanks for the history lesson! This thinking is, of course, unfortunate. Any UI can benefit from ideas borrowed from others. I remember when I was using Irix (Silicon Graphics) heavily many moons ago. It had some really compelling ideas. I can't remember most of them but I think one I liked was that the focus followed the mouse, you didn't have to click on a window to give it focus. Yeah, only being able to resize a window from one corner is a pain in the ass. Also, not having a border around a window makes for a fine mess. Overlap a few terminal windows full of text to see the effect. The irony today is that the the OSX GUI sits on top of Unix. Which, of course, has supported deep and complex directory structures for a long time. I can see Apple's point in keeping it simple for the typical non-tech user. No issues with that whatsoever. Judging from those I know, they don't ever create deep directory structures on their own and probably don't need anything beyond what Finder offers. That said, I firmly believe that advanced users, which includes developers, could benefit from a much more advanced Finder. A tree structure is only one aspect of this. For example, in Windows I can very easily tell Explorer to show system files. You can do that in OSX, but it isn't as simple it becomes system-wide not directory-specific and it pollutes the desktop. Another thing that I find missing is the ability to see your path in a Finder window, you know, one that you can copy and paste into the terminal window or another Finder window. Another useful feature would be "Open Terminal Here". I've implemented this through an add-on I found and it is fantastic. This should be standard. Directory and file sizes without having to use "Get Info". Preview pane. Create file here (i.e: text files). And more. It'd be nice if Apple offered a way to switch Finder to "Advanced" or "Developer" mode and offer a closer-to-the-metal experience. For the 2% No, seriously, what's under the pretty GUI is Unix. Developers and advanced users make use of the available Unix features, including deep directory structures. You can see this consumer focus on tools like Xcode. I recently completed work on an iOS game with about 1600 media files. If you left it up to Xcode it wants to place all 1600 files at the root level of the app code directory. In order to create and maintain a usable tree of folders you have to go out of your way and jump through some hoops. > Though this may sound a bit snarky, I mean it as a serious inquiry: have you actually used the Finder for more than 5 minutes since 10.4? Your comment doesn't bother me at all because you are, at the same time, sharing some tips. > View>Show Path Bar Yes, I've been using it for a while. I've had "Show Path Bar" enabled for some time. It doesn't really work --dare I say-- properly. For one thing, the whole drag and drop thing is a pain. If the window you are going to is covered it takes some work to drop what you are dragging. Also, I can't drag and drop a path into another Finder window (well, I couldn't figure it out after a few attempts). I would much, much rather have a plain textbox with the path that I can copy into the clipboard. That is far more useful in my opinion. Or at least a way to get to a plain text path, say, right-click and "Copy path to clipboard". The closest I've gotten is a right-click->Get Info and then you can copy the "where" plain-text path. To open a new Finder window in this directory you have to use "Go to folder...". Of course, you can also drag from the path bar into the "Go to folder" dialog box to achieve the same. I am not comparing to Windows, it's just a convenient example. You can find similar examples in various Linux GUIs and other non-Windows OS's throughout time. In Windows Vista, for example, the path is easy to copy and paste as plain text. If you need another Explorer window at this path you simply paste the path into the address bar and hit enter. There are at least a couple of other uses cases for this. You are working in Photoshop and need to open a file in a directory that Photoshop is not currently pointing to. However, you already have that directory open in a file browser. In Windows you use the "Open..." dialog in Photoshop and simply copy and paste the plain text path into the "Open File" dialog box. Done deal. With the Path Bar in Finder you have a similar mechanism but you have to drag-and-drop, which is, well, a pain in the ass. Why? I have three 24 inch monitors. Dragging and dropping across that much real-estate gets old very, very quickly. It can actually become physically painful. I avoid drag-and-drop like the plague. > Use list view, pick Size as a column I've also had this for quite some time. I didn't realize I could ask it to show directory sizes, which is what really bugged me when I was working with thousands of media files. I was exploring various compression schemes and had to constantly use "Get Info". Just didn't think to look in view options. Thanks. >> Preview pane. >Column view has it directly. Hit space in List view for QuickLook, move the QL panel off to >the side, and continue browsing. In Icon view: View>Show View Options; check "Show icon >previews"; resize them large enough (≥48x48, IIRC) and movies can even be played inline. Maybe I want too much: Real-time previews in list view within Finder, not in a separate window. Frankly, I don't enjoy having a million little disconnected windows all over the place. Again, think three 24 inch monitors, center, left, right and ten to twenty open windows. The fact that the menu bar doesn't stick to the application window becomes a really bad problem once you start working this way. Single screen on a small laptop, no issues whatsoever, there's only so much you can do with that surface area. But, yeah, QuickLook is a tool I've used a few times when I had no choice. Of course, in general, there's nothing wrong with OSX and its GUI. It's a very capable and beautiful system. No arguments there of any kind. I think you might find that lots of people who've had experience with other systems might find some of the options Apple made either difficult to use or nonsensical. You can say the same about other systems. There is no such thing as perfection. From the perspective of anyone who's only been exposed to MacOS everything makes perfect sense. There are lots of people like that. In a sense, you don't know what you are missing (or what you have gained) unless you spend a non-trivial amount of time exploring and understanding other options. Back to the tree view...no joy I guess. Looking for a third party app that might implement this and other concepts (tabs in Finder anyone?). Thanks again for your pointers. Any links to the actual video of the conference? Good one. Thanks! And, why is that a problem? Here's a another one: Multi-user! Finally, a tablet where you can setup users with different privileges. You can setup accounts for the kids so they can play their games and not have access to anything they should not be able to touch. You can setup an account for house guests or for those occasions when you know you might be handing the device to someone who, as an example, should not be able to log into your Facebook or eBay account automatically. Multi-user is also great for business applications. Take medical applications where the nurses have access to what they need and nothing more via user-level controls. I think these guys are going in the right direction. Where is the Surface "mini"? No it doesn't. There will be a Windows Surface offering that is 100% Windows 8 Intel-based. That is what my entire post is about. You are choosing to focus on the other unit. I devoted 0% of my post to that other offering. The fact that MS if offering a version of Surface that will not run standard Windows programs is of no consequence. There will be lots of valid use cases for that device. What is important here is that MS if offering consumers something very valuable: A choice. At the risk of having the Linus Torvalds fan-boys fire all missiles in my general direction I'll stick my head out and say this: I can only admire the guy for what he has created and accomplished. He is, without dispute, a key figure in the history of modern computing. And, he can be a real asshole. I have not watched a lot of his talks, just a few. The two that stick in my memory is one at Google and the one where he, well, makes friends with nVidia. In the Google case he tells people who are in the room that they are stupid. In the nVidia case he tells the entire company "fuck you". How unbecoming. While I found both talks to be very interesting, as a professional, I don't take kindly to this kind of behavior. It really diminishes the person in my mind to the level of an immature kid. Sophomoric behavior and jokes have their place and time. He seems to admit that he is not polite and that he found a need to be direct. OK. Armed with that information one ought to temper childish impulses to engage in that sort of name-calling. One can be very direct and firm in making points and voicing opinion without resorting to diminishing and talking-down to those you are addressing. Here one of Mark Twains sayings is very appropriate: "It is better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to open one's mouth and remove all doubt." He should stop and think for a fraction of a second before verbally defecating all over his audience like that. He is and should be smart enough to understand the value of not being a jerk. Perhaps he should read Dale Carnegie's book or take a course. Far more could be accomplished with nVidia or anyone else if the conversation was professional, civil and with a goal to understand both sides and attempt to find common ground. I think consumers and Microsoft are smarter than you give them credit. I have zero doubt that these devices will be sold for exactly what they are. "Surface" for one ecosystem and "Surface PRO" for full Windows 8 software compatibility. It really isn't that complicated. Time will tell. Hmmm. How to explain? OK. Here it goes: I think you are a a stupid asshole. Fuck you! Your work is stupid. Your ideas are stupid and the choices your made are stupid. Of course, I don't mean that at all. Not even for a microsecond. Now think about how you would have felt if my reply to your post contained that. And if I meant it. Would you be inclined to have a conversation with me? Or work with me? Or attempt to find common ground? Or even have a discussion where we could continue to disagree yet still be able to explore each others' mental space? Probably not. There is no excuse in my book for being a jerk in almost any context. No matter who the person might be or their prior and current accomplishments. This isn't about swearing. This is about respect for your audience and the people you are talking about. There's a huge difference between saying something like: "Based on what I learned writing Git the people who wrote Subversion --who, at the time, created a great product-- may not have made the best choices" and what he said (paraphrasing): "...what you did is stupid and you guys are stupid..." The first shows respect and consideration for professionals that built a tool that was well-received and used by thousands to great effect. Yes, as things go, a different approach could have been taken. That is always the case with technology. The second form, which is the approach he took, shows no respect whatsoever for anyone and utter admiration for his own capabilities. I don't know about you, but you talk to me like that and good luck gaining my engagement in anything of interest to you. It would be over in a microsecond. Where did I propose that he should simply say "I disagree" and move on? Where is it that I tried to say something and, per your assertion, did not? Having strong disagreements is part of life at many levels, not just business. Resorting to name-calling and insults when this happens is a formula guaranteed to not get anyone what they ultimately want. Linus is lucky that he is who he is. Anyone else would not be invited to a second talk, ever, for behaving that way. He gets a pass because he is a rock star. The distinction here is between publicly deriding someone and having a private argument (with yelling, screaming and name-calling if you'd like). In some circles private arguments can get rather heated and might even descend into name-calling and personal attacks. I am not saying that's OK, but if it is going to happen it should be in a private setting. Once you cross the private-public threshold and deride someone (or an entire organization) in a very public way you are ringing a bell that cannot be un-rung. That is not professional behavior. Period. This has nothing to do with the use of profanity. Under some circumstances profanity can convey a message far more efficiently than half a page full of sentences. That is not the problem. What you and others might fail to recognize is that the question he was asked and the opportunity he had was golden. It was an opportunity to connect need with request. Rather than telling nVidia to go fuck themselves he could have taken the opportunity to deliver a mutually beneficial message that could actually produce the desired results. Maybe something like this: "nVidia produces some of the most amazing graphics hardware in the market. While I am not a gamer I understand what they are doing and have come to appreciate the level of performance and features they put into their products. We, unfortunately, have an issue with regards to the way they've chosen to support in Linux. I understand why they are choosing that path but would sure love to re-engage in a discussion in order to see if we can find an approach that would bring to Linux what we need from nVidia without causing them undue support issues. It is also important that you, the audience present here and watching this online engage with nVidia and voice your support for an approach that serves Linux well" That was seat-of-the-pants but the general idea is that you take the opportunity to build a bridge, not set-off a dynamite charge that destroys it. I guarantee you that such an approach would have resulted in far more engagement than telling them "fuck you!" in the best 15-year-old pimple-faced kid style. I also don't know if those voicing support for the "fuck you!" approach on this thread have much business experience. This is not a put-down, it's just reality. If you are in your early twenties it might feel like the best approach is this in-your-face-and-very-public approach. Give it another ten years and a few more cuts and bruises and your opinion is likely to change. Perhaps I've been fortunate. I got into a very professional work environment from about nineteen years old and never looked back. I have never --ever-- had to deal with people who treated any other professional in this manner. Disagreements? Yes. Heated debates? Absolutely. Going for visceral ad-hominem attacks? Never. Bad idea. Don't believe me? Try it and see how far you get. Remember, you don't have the rock-star pass card. If that is your entire experience with the programming community you, my friend, landed on the wrong side of town for some reason. I have never had even a small sliver of that experience, and I've worked with hundreds of people. This is not about not being polite. This is about PUBLICLY deriding people. That's bad manners, to say the least. I've always found iTunes and iTunes Store UI's to be deficient in many ways. My theory is that the continuous overloading of iTunes with a wide range of functionalities is creating a mess. What makes sense for music files doesn't necessarily make sense for videos, books or apps. Searching the iTunes store is horrible, particularly on an iPad or iPhone. More often than not it is easier to use Google on a browser to search the iTunes store. Importing content into iTunes is equally fraught with issues. I had to import a library of hundreds of music CDs from Windows Media. Thousands of songs. iTunes refused to maintain the grouping of songs per album (as they show-up in Windows Media) and required manually editing and sorting of thousands of songs in order to clean-up the mess. I understand that it has to do with metadata issues, but if MS can do it iTunes ought to be far more intelligent and do it right and offer to auto-magically fix the issues during import. This is very similar to what happened with XCode 4. Before XC4 browsing documentation was a good experience. Now they chose to overload the iTunes-ish Organizer with all manner of things, including documentation. Now browsing the docs is ugly and difficult. It sucks. What I'd like to see is for iTunes to return to being the best app for managing your music while new specialized apps are introduced to manage your iPhone and other content. Maybe a greater point here with regards to nVidia is that the engineers are not making the decision to not over-extend the organization to support Linus, management is. What do you think the management discussion looked like when they were made aware of the "fuck you nVidia!" incident? Right. It probably took the form or "fuck you Linus!". And that ends all opportunity to engage in a constructive conversation. It's not about engineering, it's about business and inter-personal relations. Skills that Linus, from the admittedly narrow sample I've seen, does not seem to have mastered at all. This is nothing new. Special effects companies have been using MOCO rigs (Motion Control) for decades. I worked on some of this hardware many moons ago. One such rig was a cartesian robot the size of an entire warehouse. It was used to fly a camera over (and through) a miniature mockup of a city. The rig had XYZ axis that were measured in tens of feet and the end-effector (where the camera was mounted) had various rotation and translation capabilities as well as computer control of focus and other camera functions. I was also on set for some software tests of a rig used on an Arnold Schwarzenegger movie. It was impressive to see this rig programmatically approach the actor at high speed on a rail system while the camera was going through various programmed motions. The thing was easily over 500lbs. They had massive stop blocks at the end of the track prevent a run-away condition and protect the actors. See my prior post. This is nothing new. Systems like this have been used in the motion picture industry for decades. As far as I know the safety record is perfect. They take that stuff very seriously. It's a movie, not a PhD thesis. Next thing you know they'll write an article about how Angry Birds are not a likely result of evolution due to the lack of natural selection forces that would favor their adaptations. Here's a formula for success: When you go see a movie turn your brain to "slow" and enjoy. Microsoft needs to get with it and provide video of these events. I just gave two use cases and you chose to generalize from there. MOCO rigs have been used in just about every application you could possibly imagine. I once worked on a system that got dropped of a cliff on cables, next to a stunt guy, all computer controlled. If Microsoft delivers on the Phone Tablet Desktop connection, with: - A decent ecosystem - Free from totalitarian-regime control - Access and compatibility with a wide range of current hardware devices: - USB mice/trackball - USB external drives - Monitors - Keyboards - Printers - Speakers - HID devices - Bluetooth without requiring a proprietary chip - Non-proprietary peripherals in general - USB memory sticks - And generally anything that can connect to the device - Without requiring the King to bless what you are doing - Freedom from the 30% death-tax on mobile devices - Freedom to write any app you care to for mobile and tablet without the need for Royal authorization - No requirement to buy super-custom-secret chips to do hardware - No onerous requirements for expensive approval process on hardware - Easy and publisher-controlled app updates - Decent device pricing - Wide availability - Interoperability with existing systems - Application compatibility (Desktop Tablet) - Sensible app deployment requirements without having to package megabytes of crap you don't need for a phone just because you also want to offer the app on a tablet that has greater resolution. - And a few more things I can't think of right now I, for one, will cast my vote and support their efforts both as a developer and consumer. If anything because I have a very strong feeling that Apple needs serious competition to remain in check. They have taken a far too totalitarian approach to their offerings and it is not getting any better. Of course, I'll continue to support Apple as well. Just hope they see the light and consider taking off their sometimes-not-so-benevolent-dictator hat. There might be a little pro-Apple bias in some of the way these things are reported. We now have millions of iPod touch devices that can't be upgraded to newer versions of iOS. This is also true of older iPhones (3 and below, I believe). Nobody is crying foul over that. Yet. As app developers start, out of necessity and force, dropping support for older versions of iOS things might change. I'll be the one voicing a contrarian opinion here. vi and vim are holdbacks from the days of 300 to 9600 BAUD modems. A time when more sophisticated interfaces were prohibitive. Back in those days it wasn't too uncommon for people to actually write their own text editors. I wrote a few, mainly in Forth, as I would bring-up self-designed systems. While I use VIM today when I have to I continue to think that in today's context these things are, well, ridiculous. There is no reason that the terminal can't switch modes on you and allow text editing with the same (or very similar) UI that traditional simple GUI editors provide. The damn text box I am using in this browser to enter this comment is far more user-friendly than VIM. There is no reason for a modern terminal to continue to support something like VIM. Put another way, I had editors running on 6502-based 2MHz clock (yes, 2 MEGA Hertz, not Giga) Forth machines that were far more user friendly than VIM or VI. We ought to have better tools today. In my opinion, there is no compelling reason to continue to promote something like VIM. Put a bullet in it already. As for the hack. Lots of fun. But, geez, how fucked-up is an text editor that you have to come-up with a foot-switch to make it more usable? Who said anything about menus? And, yes, funny enough, it just so happens that I would find the cockpit of a military helicopter very user friendly. OK, I'll bite. Please educate me. Give me a list of the "highly efficient text-editing capabilities". That doesn't really answer the question, does it? The other poster made an assertion about VIM being more efficient. I would like to get a list from him (or her). Your first personal attack was subtle: "I understand that you like to click through your menus" Now you resort to calling me a troll? That's nice. There's nothing unfriendly about a helicopter cockpit. Even if you've only played with flight simulators anyone half-way intelligent can probably figure out most of it within a few minutes. Flying one is a different deal, as mastering and understanding the complex relations between collective pitch, power, torques and aerodynamics. As a simple example, it isn't immediately obvious that flying in ground effect is different from flying above ground effect. Or the interaction between collective pitch, the tail rotor and the demand for power. This is quite different from understanding what the knobs and dials in the cockpit might do. All of this from simply expressing a contrarian opinion on VIM. HN does have an unfortunate trait: If you say anything contrary to "tribal" beliefs you get pounded and sometimes brutally downvoted. That does not mean that the tribal belief is right, it just means that there are enough tribe members to bully others into either not participating or simply adopting the tribal memes and falling into compliance. Well, that's not me. If I believe that someone is bullshit you are going to hear it. Why do I believe that some of the hyper-keyboard-efficiency claims of VIM are bullshit? Because programming is not factory work. If a programmer is spending so much time at the keyboard that counting keystrokes becomes important they are not doing a good job. I spend far less time programming than I do planning and deciding how to solve the problem. I don't just sit down and start hacking away without direction. By the time I actually fire-up a text editor or IDE to program I have state diagrams, database structures and algorithms pretty much selected and reasonably-well thought out. If I've done such a shitty job at the pre-programming work that my text editor's keystroke count actually matters, well, I'm a hack, not a programmer. Some of the admittedly interesting things you can do with VI ( http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1218390/what-is-your-most... ) are, in my opinion, somewhat of a corner case. These are things that one might not do with great frequency. The fact that you can do them is interesting, but that isn't going to be a deal breaker if you only have to do them once every few weeks or months. In some respects I can derive far greater efficiencies from using a tool such as Excel to sometimes cut hours of coding and formatting by using it intelligently to help generate code that is more maintainable. One such example is to use it to generate state machine lookup table code that can be copied and pasted into a text editor instantly. I've done state machines with hundreds of states this way. If you do it right they are easy to maintaing and update. No text editor can improve on this level of efficiency. Another very similar example is to use Excel to help generate JSON files from various tables and data. Easy to setup, maintain and modify. A simple copy and paste into an editor. When justified, I have taken the time to create more complex tools that automatically generate complex code based on database inputs. One example that comes to mind was a tool to automatically generate all of the code to manage a menu system on an embedded device consisting of an LCD display and a few buttons. Every time the menu structure or content was changed it took days to update the menu processor code. The tool took a month to create. Once in place, almost anyone could generate the code for an arbitrarily complex menu system within minutes. No degree of text editor efficiency can solve these problems. The point here is that, if I have to resort to counting keystrokes as a measure of programming efficiency then I have either reduced programming to factory work or I am so disorganized that I am spending a disproportionate amount of time typing crap that will have to be fixed many times over before it actually works. To beat the state machine example to death. In my case it is very rare that I have any bugs when I code state machines, even complex ones. Granted, I've been doing it for a while in both hardware (FPGA's, Verilog) and software applications. Regardless of that fact, this is because I do all of the thinking and planning ahead of firing-up the editor. The resulting code, generally speaking, works on first run. I've you've ever programmed a CNC machine manually (G-code) you understand this concept. You don't just stand there start hacking away. You take the time to plan it, do all the math, choose tools and verify the approach before you enter the code. If you don't, you'll learn the hard way. These machines are dangerous. I once made a programming error and had my Haas VF3-SS churn aluminum with a 3/4 inch roughing bit like it was butter. Amazing what something with that much power can do. I kept the fucked-up end-mill as a reminder of what not to do. A professor of mine, who introduced me to APL, took every opportunity to drive a point home. He said that data representation is one of the most important tasks in solving a problem. If you represent the problem using a flawed model it can take ten times longer to create a solution. He pounded that into us to the point that it became instinct. That's why I will never touch a text editor unless I know where I am going. That's my context. I also caution you and others when considering yourselves "experts" in any field. I learned a long time ago to never utter that word. One can be highly skilled in one particularly narrow area while being completely ignorant of other ideas. I certainly am. I am not just talking programming here. Having access to a larger context is sometimes very important. What makes sense in a myopic context might not make much sense when one is able to pull back to a different plane that covers other schools of thought. Be open minded. Now, if it makes all of you really happy, down-vote away. It's always fun to watch the tribe in action. Bad comparison on my part at some level. Yes, I am a terrible VIM user. I have far more important things to do than to get good at using modem-age text editors. My efficiency comes from planning, not counting keystrokes. Sublime Text looks interesting. I am going to check it out. Thanks. As a follow-up to that. When I hire programmers I only care about how well they can reduce a problem to a viable game-plan and how clean and well-documented their code might be. I could not give a crap about whether or not they are 3% more efficient at pounding out keystrokes on a text editor. We waste far more time in other areas than in the mechanics of editing code. In other words, if editor efficiency is adequate and the programmer is really good at hitting the nail on the head, the editor is not a problem. As an optimization problem, the text editor is the wrong place to focus one's attention. It is far more important to create product that is well-written, well-documented (I hate code without comments), easy to maintain and extend. If you are doing embedded work that involves systems that could cause harm to people or property it is far more important that a programmer understand how to write safe code and take the time to make sure it is safe than to optimize editing speed. Nothing I have seen in my career justifies contorting ones' brain to learn the commands of a modem-era text editor. It's an utter waste of time when compared to optimizing what really matters. > why is it that you seem so intent on discrediting the experiences of others? I think you are reading far too much into what I've commented. Nobody is doing that at all. One (planning) results in efficiency gains that are far more significant than the other. My very first comment gave some (superficial) explanations. I didn't think that I needed to write a small term paper to voice an opinion. As for down-voting on HN. There's plenty of evidence that it is badly broken. It's funny to watch the Apple fan-boys down-vote on emotion when you even peripherally chafe their idols. The emotion is evident from the fact that substantive posts are down-voted when nothing is materially wrong or offensive about them. Most of it is also what I call chicken-shit down-voting. No explanation and no reason given. You are accusing me for voicing a contrarian opinion without sufficient explanation. What about down-voting without any explanation whatsoever? I have only down-voted a post once and I went out of my way to explain why I did so. I believe I owe this much to someone if I am going to exercise that right. And so, that is my policy: If I down-vote I have to take the time to explain why. Otherwise I don't do it. It is clear that the HN culture --at least the one exhibited on this thread-- is that vi/vim are fantastic. So be it. I don't have time to screw around with this topic any more and fend off fan-boy attacks. I suspect the same is true of your case. I have used a myriad of tools over the years. The only use I have for vi/vim is when I have no choice but to use them. I remember when keyboards didn't even have function keys. In those days these kinds of tools made sense. Today? No. Not any more. You don't have to see it my way. And that's OK. > they increase the ratio of work done to the amount of text-editing I would challenge you to quantify that in the context of a real project, concept to completion. I would be willing to wager that vi/vim don't contribute one iota towards the completion of the project. I have yet to do a project where anyone even remotely said: Wow, that text editor saved us hours of work. That aspect of the adoration of vi/vim is what I see as ridiculous. I simply don't think that any of it is materially significant to the timeline of any non-trivial project. Then again, I really don't care to continue on this thread because it truly is a waste of time for all involved. So we are done. Conclusions: 1- No contrarian opinion of vi/vim will be tolerated by HN vi/vim users. 2- vi/vim are fantastic. 3- Anyone even remotely thinking of suggesting otherwise just doesn't get it. I can live with that. No problem. Because I am arguing that the purported efficiency gains from the use of vi/vim are insignificant in the context of a non-trivial project. Far more time can be gained (or lost) through activities that have nothing whatsoever to do with text editing. As an optimization problem, text editing is the wrong aspect of creating a software product to focus on. Software projects are notorious for being way behind schedule. If the estimate is weeks, it might take months. If it is months, it might take a year or more. In that context, arguing that a text editor will make everyone more efficient is just silly. Get my damn project done on time BECAUSE you are using vi/vim and then I'll drink the cool-aid. Until that happens I will continue to believe that the use of vi/vim is just tribal behavior rather than these tools offering any real business value in the context of a project's timeline, maintainability, quality of code and bug density. If you can point to a single project that was done on time and without bugs because it was edited on vi/vim then you have a point. I suspect that this is not the case. Funny enough, not one person is stepping up to the plate to justify and quantify the claims that vi/vim are/have "highly efficient text-editing capabilities". Numbers. Not statements or links to the manual. I care about data. Show me a project that got done sooner and better because of the use of vi/vim and you'll have a point. I propose that not one person can make that claim and that the popularity of vi/vim are purely tribal. There's an interesting show on TV called "Head Games" ( http://news.discovery.com/human/new-tv-show-plays-head-games... ). In this show they demonstrate, among other things, how tribal behavior can be taken to an extreme. It is very hard for some to go against group behavior. They show one example of a guy in a room that stands up when everyone else stands up and he doesn't even know why. To some extent I believe that some of these tools are like that. You work in a shop where the hot programmer swears by vi/vim and you adopt that without challenging any of it. Very soon everyone is playing the same tune, facts be damned. I happen to be one of those people that does not engage in crowd behavior. This can be a blessing and a curse. I never bothered to spend months on vi/vim because every time I used for days or weeks (out of not having other choices) I came out of it with the distinct idea that the whole thing was just short of lunacy. In the context of the project that needed to be completed these tools offered no real advantages. You are not going to impact the bottom line in any measurable way. Put another way: If you took two kids that knew nothing whatsoever about computers or programming and set out to teach them. One is taught with modern mostly-GUI tools with "conventional" keyboard shortcuts while the other has to use command line and vi/vim. Both of them have to complete the same project. The vi kid would be absolutely smoked by the other kid in no time at all. No question about it. OK, how about a second project. Maybe not smoked, but no significant gains would exist out of the vi camp. Programming is far more about things that have nothing to do with text editing. Projects are not late or buggy because of good or bad text editing tools. I'd still like to see someone quantify the gains offered by vi/vim over the course of a project. I truly don't enjoy the personal attacks. You win. Done. Here's opinion from the horse's mouth: Back in 1999, the mag asked Joy what inspired him to write vi: What happened is that Ken Thompson came to Berkeley and brought this broken Pascal system, and we got this summer job to fix it. While we were fixing it, we got frustrated with the editor we were using which was named ed. ed is certainly frustrating. We got this code from a guy named George Coulouris at University College in London* called em - Editor for Mortals - since only immortals could use ed to do anything. By the way, before that summer, we could only type in uppercase. That summer we got lowercase ROMs for our terminals. It was really exciting to finally use lowercase. So we modified em and created en. I don't know if there was an eo or an ep but finally there was ex. [laughter] I remember en but I don't know how it got to ex. So I had a terminal at home and a 300 baud modem so the cursor could move around and I just stayed up all night for a few months and wrote vi. Linux Mag then asked: "So you didn't really write vi in one weekend like everybody says?" No. It took a long time. It was really hard to do because you've got to remember that I was trying to make it usable over a 300 baud modem. That's also the reason you have all these funny commands. It just barely worked to use a screen editor over a modem. It was just barely fast enough. A 1200 baud modem was an upgrade. 1200 baud now is pretty slow. 9600 baud is faster than you can read. 1200 baud is way slower. So the editor was optimized so that you could edit and feel productive when it was painting slower than you could think. Now that computers are so much faster than you can think, nobody understands this anymore. This is from Bill Joy, who wrote vi. The last line is very much on point and mirrors my point of view: "Now that computers are so much faster than you can think, nobody understands this anymore." Also: "I was trying to make it usable over a 300 baud modem. That's also the reason you have all these funny commands. It just barely worked to use a screen editor over a modem." If one was given the task to write a text editor today, even one without a GUI, I would be surprised if anyone reached for some of the things Bill had to do in the context of 300 baud modems and a terminal (not window, but physical). In the context of large projects vi/vim don't offer any real measurable gains. The fact that programmers who take the time to learn these tools feel good about them does not constitute proof of anything other than that fact. Let's just agree to disagree and move on. Unless your programming is a hobby, then it IS business. It sure is to the guy paying the bills. Imagine a conversation like this: PROGRAMER: "Hey, boss, on Monday we want to switch to vi/m because everyone says it is more efficient". MGR: "Do you have any data to support that? Will the project get done on-time, on-budget, faster, better and with less bugs?" PROGRAMMER: "Well, I can't guarantee any of that and can't offer quantifiable data, but programmers who know it swear by it and talk about how much more efficient it is." MGR: "It only makes sense to me if you can prove and guarantee that switching from our current text editor to vi/m will result in true and measurable productivity and quality gains. Otherwise there's nothing in what you are saying that justifies changing over." Big difference between hobby and business. Boy, does one have to have a thick skin to voice contrasting opinion on HN sometimes. That is simply not true. Not one person has offered any data to support the assertions on vi efficiency. Not one. All I have gotten are the equivalent of "because we say so". I am not flaming, I am not caving-in to the bullying, which is a different matter entirely. In the interest of being constructive I decided to clear the bad blood and start another thread that is designed to educate us who might not understand why some are so passionate about vi. Here it is: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4145060 If those who post to this new thread stay within the proposed framework what will come out of it is a set of recipes that show (and support) the claims about vi efficiency. I hope you will be one of the first to join that thread and offer a few examples. There are many who know absolutely nothing about vi. Some have avoided it like the plague. And then, those like me, who only use it when absolutely forced to. This is an opportunity to educate all of us. Thanks in advance. I think it is safe to say that this thread is over (save those who want to talk about the foot-pedal). In an effort to clear bad blood and actually learn something I decided to start this thread: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4145060 It should be obvious that it is intended to be useful and educational. No flaming. No trolling. No personal attacks. Just reproducible facts. I am hoping that you will be one of the first people to post a recipe to that thread so that those of us who don't know enough about vi will, hopefully, see the light. Thanks in advance. Easy out. Make a claim and don't support it. Here's an effort to be constructive: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4145060 I hope you will be one of the first to post to that thread. Thanks in advance. Sorry to barge into this thread. There seem to be a lot of vi experts reading it. Perhaps you might consider contributing to this thread also: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4145060 > Does that provide any help? Not a recipe, but yes. Can you explain this comment a bit further: "they are gummed up by the fact that they are always in insert mode" How is being in insert mode problematic? A scenario or two might be useful. I use vim with git all the time and can't say I enjoy having to go in and out of insert mode every time I touch it. I am going to ignore the first part of your comment because, well, I asked that this thread not go that way. The problem with the other thread is that claims were made about vi efficiency and not one bit of data of any kind was provided to support these claims. Nobody learns this way. This thread is already very different as many have provided very interesting comments with valuable insight, including yourself. I understand flow very well of course. I can't say that I've ever used an editor that prevented me to enter that state. I a not countering your statement, just providing my own experience. Aside from programming I play the piano and classical guitar. When I play music I am in flow. That didn't happen until I had reasonable command of the instruments. With vi (or any other tool) the same is required. I wonder how much time it would take to go from vi neophyte to playing it like a piano? That initial phase is painful if you have to get work done. I also understand the value of playing a good instrument and using good tools. And, while this value may not provide any hard quantifiable benefits to the project timeline it does provide benefits for the practitioner. The project might still be six months late, but there will be more daily enjoyment, if you will, for the practitioner to remain on focus. That could have value. Whether or not there is a difference between someone who has never touched vi and a vi expert remains to be determined. The vast majority of programmers don't use vi. After reading your post and others on this thread my immediate reaction is that vi advocates might want to consider not characterizing vi as "more efficient" but rather highlight what it might do for a programmer. I can't come up with the words right now, but "more efficient", in my book, calls for having quantifiable data at the project level (not the file level). We all know that saving a few keystrokes here and there isn't going to bring a project to conclusion any sooner. We had a project where we spent six months tracking down a bug that was due to a rounding error someone made in a calculation of lookup-table data used in a polyphase FIR filter module. It was one of those things that was right in front of you but nobody could see it. The project was late by an additional six months (it was already late) because of that bug. That's the kind of thing I think about when I say that saving a few keystrokes on the editor doesn't matter in the context of a project. I'll read the article you pointed out and see what else I can learn. Thanks for your input and valuable insight. One of the seemingly common threads I am seeing is that having vim available across platforms is an advantage to some. That certainly has value. I can't really comment on the rest of your excellent post until I try some of these things out. I intend to spend some time with vim this weekend, try out some of the ideas presented in this thread and see what I can learn. I can comment on this: "And given the number of studies that show that a single interruption to a coder can result in a half-hour delay whilst he rebuilds his mental stack, that makes Vim a tool that can save you hours of productive time every single week." I've been programming since I was ten years old. I have well over twenty years of experience in the field, across multiple platforms, tools and languages. I started out with machine language. Not assembler, actually typing in hex instruction codes into a keypad. Back then, I used that approach a number of times to bootstrap a Forth system onto a newly built computer board (something like a 6502 board). One of the first things you do after that is write an editor (in Forth) so you can start moving faster. I have to say that in all of this time I have never had an editor get in the way of the programming task to such an extent that it can be considered an interruption. Interruptions that disrupt the mental stack you refer to are very real and they suck, but, in my experience, the text editor is never the issue. Again, thanks for your valuable input. I'll spend some time absorbing it over the weekend. I need to get a project out first. Damn priorities! > I cannot fathom how people blindly accept that their editing movement operations are inconsistent. That can be a problem if you have to jump from platform to platform or work with IDE's that implement things in vastly different ways. I jump between Windows and Mac all the time and for the longest time the Mac keyboard was infuriating. My solution was to re-map it to match, as much as possible, what I was used to. That may very well be the case with vim advocates. To be clear, this isn't about one or the other approach being better by any measure of the work. It's simply that one tends to prefer that which is familiar. That's just the way every person is wired. I've seen this across disciplines that have nothing whatsoever to do with programming. Resistance to change is a strong force. We tend to want to stay with what we know and reject change at a visceral level. And that's OK. Your point are probably valid. I'll take the time to explore over the weekend. Thanks for taking the time to share your insights. I intend to spend time with vim over the weekend and take-in some of the excellent input found on this thread. The mental image I am developing now is that vim can be said to be efficient in a narrow sense. Perhaps that narrow definition is constrained to the file level. It's like a musical instrument to manipulate files. Once you know it well, it feels just like that. I am not saying that this is the only definition, it's just what I am coming-up with now. Once we deviate from whatever the narrow definition of where vim is more efficient the claims start to fall apart. This doesn't happen because of vim but rather because it is the very nature of creating software: Things take time and saving keystrokes at the file-editing level isn't going to bring a project to completion six months earlier and with less bugs. I wear at least two hats: developer and businessman. I am forced to look at things from both angles, because, well, I have to pay for the consequences of my own decisions. For example, if I succumb to my natural inclination to keep adding features it means that I might have ten programmers busy for weeks chasing an ever-moving project completion milestone. So, as a business person, I do my best to control these urges and look at things through a different equation. Eventually you have to call it "done" and move on. Over the years I have never seen any code entry tool that truly makes a serious dent in software project timelines. Software projects are notorious for being late and over-budget. And this has absolutely nothing to do with the tools we use. Zero. A better editor or IDE will not make a dent on overall project timeline. Anyone who can figure out a way to solve that problem can become an "instant" billionaire. > Being more efficient at manipulating text means less energy spent, which makes for happier programmers. So the more efficient text-editing is preferred by some, not because it leads to better software, but because it leads to better quality of life. And I stand by the statement that vi[m] is more efficient at manipulating text, while not disagreeing with you that it makes no difference at the project level. I can absolutely agree with you on that. Learning vi[m] in order to get to that level seems to be the hit lots of people are not willing to (or simply can't) take. In the context of a busy shop it makes almost no sense to bring productivity down to almost nothing while everyone has to slow down to learn a new tool (any tool, not just vi[m]). The only time one can justify this sort of thing is when there are real and measurable business or code quality benefits to the interruption. An example of that is sending everyone out to a one week course on a new technology. When they come back they absolutely rock. I've sent people out to take courses costing the company tens of thousands of dollars on more than one occasion. In every case it pays off within days. I can't say that about vi[m] yet. Not wanting to voice opinion from a context of ignorance I will spend time over the weekend to force myself to dive into vim and see what I can learn. Happy programmers, hell, happy people, are always more fun to work with and be around. If vi[m] can bring that to the table I have no problem promoting its learning and usage at our shop (when we can afford to take the initial productivity hit while everyone learns). >recently i learned that some developer successfully ported vim to windows 64 bit. Do you have a link to the port? I am in complete agreement with everything you said. I too have had to administer and support remote systems where vi was the only viable way to edit config files and the like. And, much like you, if I could, I would go for bringing the files into my local system for editing with a non-vi editor (a secondary reason being that if I screwed something up by accident I wouldn't take down a system). In over twenty years of programming my intersection with being forced to use vi was never frequent enough to warrant spending the time to get good at it. None of my work suffered for it, of course. In my current business nobody uses vi and we get quality work out the door like anyone else. And, I should say, without the need for foot-switches :) --had to throw that in for a little dose of levity. Thanks. found it. In looking for vi[m] tools for Vista 64 I came across this: http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=2375... older, but better explanation: http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/cc779522(v=ws.10)... And a blurb on how to go about enabling some of the functionality: If you have Vista Enterprise or Ultimate, you can install the optional "Subsystem for Unix Applications" (SUA). This is under Control Panel, Programs and Features, Turn Windows Features On or Off. After you have installed SUA on Vista, then download the "Utilities and SDK for SUA" from Microsoft.com (the download URL is in the Start menu, after you install SUA). The SUA Utilities include vi, as well as all the standard Unix/Posix tools like ls, cat, sed, awk, etc. There is also the gcc compiler, so you can compile and run a wide range of open source Unix software on your Vista box. You can also download SUA binaries and source code for many popular Linux/Unix apps on Vista, from www.interopsystems.com - Apache, PostgreSQL, OpenSSL, Squid etc - it's all there. Unfortunately, SUA is not available for Home or Business editions of Vista. If you have one of these editions, you can try using Vim, a very popular vi clone (see www.vim.org). A Win32 version is availabel. In fact several Unix distributions are now shipping vim as the standard editor, in place of the classic vi (because vim has many useful extra features). Fortunately we are running Vista Ultimate 64 bit, which makes playing with this subsystem possible. Business is war. Anyone who doesn't think so hasn't got the enough scars to understand this yet. As a small entity, any time you tangle with large well-funded companies you have to be very aware of the fact that they could shaft you in a dozen different ways whenever the please. That's the hard and cold reality of it. Contracts and agreements only serve to possibly give you the option to sue, and nothing more. They don't create a guarantee of recovery or reparations in any way at all. I had one very painful incident with a large Korean multinational corporation a few years ago. This was over a hardware design. We devoted about eight months --nearly a million dollars in cash and man-hours-- to complete a set of designs based on components and assemblies that this OEM was to provide. They wanted to get our business and pull us away from their main competitor. In-person meetings where had with the top three VP's in the US. Promises were made both verbally and on-paper. Short version: When we were finally ready to go into production we were told that the components in question --components they had recommended and guaranteed as long-availability components-- had been discontinued. Their recommendation: "You need to redesign your product line". Soon afterwards I learned that other companies that had selected the same components were under the same dire situation. One particular company had closed a deal with the US government and was about to get sued for tens of millions of dollars for not delivering on their contract. On our front, this one event nearly destroyed my company at that time. We survived only to get taken out during the economic downturn due to having been weakened by this event. In looking at the potential to sue this company our attorneys concluded that they'd need a minimum of $250K just to consider pulling that trigger and another $250K available past that. They expected this multinational to simply bury us with paperwork and an army of lawyers, with the only goal being to cause financial pain and get us to quit. Their recommendation: "Figure out how to survive and lick your wounds. It is nearly impossible to go after these guys and actually come out ahead". This is how large companies, effectively, make their own rules, their own laws, if you will. While this wasn't the only tangle I've ever had with a large company it was the worst I've had to endure. I was the first domino that got tipped over in a chain of events that ultimately killed a business that I spent the better part of ten years building. Be careful. This is, by far, the most intelligent and useful post I've seen in my attempt to get some answers and understand. I am as hard-headed and as anyone else. I am also as understanding as anyone else. Change only happens out of necessity and curiosity. I am curious to learn, otherwise I wouldn't spend all this time and take the abuse of some who choose to be total aholes and not take the kind of approach you have taken to at least help someone --not just me, but anyone who may have touched vi and failed-- understand where the strengths may be. Based on your story it is clear that vi is not a weekend project. I am interested in learning so that I can have an opinion that is based on more than the "fuck this" reaction I have had over the last twenty years every time I've touched it on many platforms. I am also impressed by your process and dedication to exploring the space. One can only respect that approach and the conclusion you reached. I too have used a ton of editors. For some reason I've never had the patience to really get into vi. But now I will. Because I owe it to myself to know what everyone is so impressed with. What happens from there is a different matter. Also, thanks for not resorting to insults or calling me a troll as others who never seem to contribute anything of value have done. Thanks again. BTW, if you have more screencast links feel free to share them. I'd appreciate it and I am sure that others who are reading this and might have had the same level of rejection of vi would too. Will do. I am planning on hitting-up vimtutor later today after the kids' Saturday activities are over. Fishing trip tomorrow is a priority, so vim will have to take a low priority to real life but I might manage to mess with it at night. Once again, thanks for your input. I don't think there's any point in posting it publicly. Particularly several years past the event. Tell me why you want the name. If it makes sense I'll certainly provide it privately along with further details if necessary. Not one person likes to be wrong about the choices we make. That's human nature. Some individuals have a need to defend these choices to death, even when faced with greater realities that negate anything they could possibly say about their choice. I remember one guy who would show-up at these professional meetings around the time the iPhone came out. He would make it a point to go around the room and tell everyone that his Blackberry was the only professional business phone out. I was using Blackberry myself at the time and had done so for ten years. Even I thought he was beyond weird. He simply didn't want to be wrong. Never bothered to engage with him in any way. It was pointless. There's also a tribal or team-oriented element. This effect is often seen in fora such as, yes, HN. Group behavior is also a very natural human trait. Some find it hard to resist it. If you dare go against tribal dogma you become the subject of a brutal "coordinated" attack. Unless you have a thick skin these events can be emotionally draining. It is often hard to be the one thinking outside the group. People have a natural aversion to change and will resist and attack anything that goes against the direction of group thought. Either join them or deal with the punches. Just remember that all nearly all great discoveries stemmed from questioning what the majority took to be the truth, sometimes at great personal risk. The message is that, just because everyone thinks a certain way, behaves a certain way, supports a certain product it doesn't mean they are right. It just means that they are doing what "everyone else" is doing. It'd be interesting to see the range of hate-mail these tech columnists get. And yet, the only thing you know about me is that I am not willing to grind my team of over ten programmers to a halt just to have them learn a tool (any tool, not just vi) that offers no quantifiable code quality or project-level productivity enhancements at all. By some accounts on other threads, mastering vim isn't a one-week stint, it could take weeks. If you are saying that, in your own business you make decisions that would bring your entire team to almost an absolute without solid business or product quality justification. Well, more power to you. Live long and prosper. Sure. Of course. That's a more fundamental feeling. Interesting takes on this in Dale Carnegie's book. A very interesting read but not necessarily the easiest concepts to apply due to our aforementioned mental programming. From the article: "This centrifugal force is what gives the Sandia Cooler such massive efficiency, too." That is not correct. The efficiency boost comes from the very efficient transfer of heat from the CPU to the spinning fan/heat exchanger by, effectively, using the very thin air-gap under the impeller. The rotation of the impeller breaks the boundary layer in the airgap and you get good heat transfer across a very thin gap. The airflow over the machined aluminum blades and, in general, the rotation of the entire impeller assembly, serve to keep the heat exchanger free from dust accumulation (which restricts heat flow). Of course, as many have pointed out, it remains to be seen how easily this concept translates to a mass-manufactured low-cost solution in terms of performance and reliability under varying conditions. I've done a ton of heat flow FEA work when working on various approaches to cool a custom high-power LED array (1,500W power-in). We could get reasonable results with complex forced-air solutions and relatively expensive custom machined heatsinks as well as carefully modeled airflow controls. In these cases the solutions were always very large (volume). When we switched to fluid-based cooling things changed dramatically. One of the design challenges was to maintain a narrow delta-T across the LED array. This is because thermal uniformity was required in order to have uniform performance across the array. The fluid solution, with some tricks, could easily achieve ten times better thermal uniformity than the air-cooled approach. And, in addition to this, cool the entire array to a much lower final temperature. A fluid cooling system was constructed using only a small fluid pump and no air-moving fans at all. A passive natural convection radiator could easily handle the heat-load in a normal air-conditioned office environment. While I have not looked at the specific case of cooling a CPU, based on my experience I have to say that far greater gains can be had by rapidly moving heat from the CPU surface using fluid-based cooling. This, effectively, creates the opportunity for much greater surface extension than can reasonably be applied to the small surface area of a CPU. Again, I have never studied CPU cooling, but I am not sure that this 150W cooling limit applies to fluid-based cooling. I can see building a systems that can very easily move 150W, or even double that, using a relatively simple fluidic cooler. At some level it is a matter of how many molecules of the fluid you can move across the CPU-side heat exchanger per unit time. The answer to that is "a lot". I can't see the Sandia or any other pure air-based cooling system used for CPU cooling at the extremes. The assembly would have to be very precisely manufactured and lots of work would have to be done in order to ensure that vibrations and harmonics of the motor drive system itself don't cause damage to the circuit board. If the system needs to have an impeller spinning at 2K RPM or more, lots of work needs to go into making it safe for servicing as a metal impeller like that can shred fingers in an instant. Finally, there's the question of the mass of the spinning impeller. In order to transfer heat into the impeller blades you are limited to certain geometry. If the spinning base and/or the blades get too thin you simply won't be able to move the heat out no matter how well it can move from the stationary plate up to the revolving disk. This is critical and it means that there are certain minimum geometry constraints that are likely to make the impeller somewhat massive. From my FEA work on heat transfer I know that you can only go so thin on blades before they become useless past a few millimeters above the heatsink base-plate. The same is the case here. What I can see is the use of this concept to create a fluid based solution that uses a liquid to quickly move heat from a CPU to a much larger heat exchanger that uses the Sandia heatsink to move heat into the surrounding air, and, thereby, cool the CPU. Even at that, I'd like to see data comparing conventional forced-air convection cooling of the external heat exchanger and even a comparison to a natural convection solution. I don't see the super-thin air-gap as an issue. In fact, it is probably an asset. As an example, when we build the 1500W LED array we used a very thin insulating film to transfer heat from the LEDs to an aluminum clad circuit board. If you have surface area (the stationary disk in their case) a thin gap can be surprisingly efficient at transferring heat from one element to the other. Ad to this breaking up the boundary layer within that gap and now air becomes a "better" conductor. There is no difference between spinning the heatsink and moving air at the same velocity across stationary heatsink fins. It's about molecules of air at a lower temperature going across a surface with at a higher temperature. N molecules per unit time "absorb" some of the heat and come of of the process at a higher temperature. The surface temperature drops by a similar amount. What kills you in both cases is a very thin boundary layer of air that sticks to the surface and has a velocity profile that goes from zero at the surface to whatever the air velocity might be. This boundary layer isn't good for heat transfer from the surface to the moving air molecules, which takes a toll on the overall efficiency of the process. There are techniques to help break-up the boundary layer in stationary fin heatsinks. Some break-up airflow to introduce turbulence. Others use raw velocity to break it up (air impingement cooling). I don't know how well the rotating aluminum impeller breaks-up the boundary layer surrounding the fins. It won't eliminate it completely but it certainly could be much improved from the case of stationary fins with low-speed air going across them. If you had a heatsink with stationary fins and air moving at the same speed as in the case of the rotating impeller (by using fans, of course) you'd probably get similar boundary layer effects. What I learned is that there really is very little magic in heat transfer. I have seen some really wacky ideas brought to market that always seem interesting but have never proven to beat the simple solutions. Funny enough, other than materials, most of the focus is always around dealing with the boundary layer, an issue that disappears (in terms of its significance) once you move into fluid-based cooling. Caveat: I have not studied rotating aluminum impeller/heat-sinks, so I could very well be missing something that I simply don't know. My opinions are based on thousands of hours of research and FEA work in looking for solutions for the aforementioned project. No. Not flexible enough for what we needed to do and, in some ways, limited in performance. For the right applications phase change heat transfer is fantastic. EDIT: My comment has to do with phase change cooling of the type implemented with sealed copper tubes moving heat from one end to the other using a phase change fluid inside. This full-immersion phase change cooling setup is a something entirely different. I don't know anything about it. I seriously doubt it. That said, I'll claim ignorance here because I have not studied that part of things in depth. I know that it can take a lot to break-up the boundary layer in any meaningful way. In aircraft design there are reasons having nothing to do with heat transfer to want to break-up the boundary layer. As I understand it this can be difficult to achieve across a large surface (I'm assuming at sub-sonic speeds, don't know). They even resort to such devices as drilling small holes and literally sucking the boundary layer from the surface. This problem is tougher than it might seem. I am not an aero guy, I've learned a lot from thousands of hours dedicated to finding solutions to our specific problems, but I am far from an expert. Maybe an aero expert on HN can fill-in some of the holes. At some level, think about it this way: At some point, microscopic as it might be, some of the air molecules touching the fins have to "stick" to the surface of the fins. At that point air molecule velocity with respect to the fin surface is zero. Then there are molecules that stick to these molecules one layer above, and so on. After a certain thickness the greater airflow will win out and molecules will move at the average velocity of the bulk air mass moving across the fins. What you have is a velocity profile from zero to the average air mass velocity. That's your boundary layer. You can do things to make it thinner, but eliminating it is very difficult. Techniques like impingement cooling do this to varying degrees of efficiency. Both of those ideas work to varying degrees. You can "trip" the airflow at the leading edge of a heatsink fin by introducing notches and protrusions of different geometries. This will make the airflow past that point turbulent for a certain distance. Depending on geometry you might have re-attachment, which leads to rebuilding the boundary layer. Dimples and surface roughness can help too. In the end you have to deal with the real world. Some of these techniques are really good to grab dust in the airflow. If that happens, you have, ultimately, created a problem greater than the one you started out to solve. After all I've been trough I have become a huge proponent of fluid based cooling. I don't think there's any way to have forced air cooling even begin to compare with the potential performance gains of using liquids to mechanically move heat around. Right, if you were building a wing. The problem is that here we are after heat exchange and, as I understand it, the last thing you want is laminar flow due to the accompanying boundary layer. I remember reading the paper (or "a" paper) on the Sandia cooler a couple of years ago. The author seemed to indicate that the disks spinning so-fast-yet-so-close served to break the boundary layer AND keep the gap clean and clear of dust and grime. I'd be interesting to understand just how precisely matched the surfaces have to be for this to work well. Machining a reasonably flat reference surface on a CNC lathe or mill isn't all that difficult. The question in my mind is more about how flat these surfaces have to be. The cutting tools will leave some grooves, even if almost imperceptible. Do the surfaces have to be lapped (sanded) and polished for this heat exchanger to work well? What are the tolerances? A good shell cutter on a high-quality milling machine can produce a mirror-like surface. It's one thing to do this in small quantities and quite another in mass production (which I now nothing about). Relax man. This news isn't new. Articles and at least one paper came out, if my memory serves me, two to three years ago. Back then I went through the available data in detail. I didn't need to dive into the article posted to HN to know what they were doing. Still, I did read the entire article and watched the video before posting. As for the boundary layer issue. A fluid (OK, liquid) based cooler has virtually none of these problems and does not require having MULTIPLE metal masses inside your computer spinning at 5,000 RPM (per the paper on the Sandia site). https://ip.sandia.gov/techpdfs/Sandia%20Cooler%20presentatio... Remember that you need to cool memory, graphics cards and other elements in a typical design. The air-based CPU cooler moves air around the CPU cabinet and out the back or top. All of it serves to cool other elements. Dust or not. You can't put a bunch of 5,000 RPM coolers inside a In a typical data center you have reasonably-clean air available. Dust should not really be a problem except for the most neglected portions of an installation. I have seen systems in service for years with no indications of dust accumulation at all. Dust can be an issue in office or home environments. Even then, from personal experience (and only from personal experience) I have never seen a problem. I do think that the Sandia heatsink might have interesting applications as part of the heat-exchanger in a liquid-cooled system. If you have a centrifugal fan turning at 5,000 RPM you are going to move a lot of air radially out. So far all of their experiments seem to show the device working well in the context of pretty much an open air environment. You can't have this pump simply circulate hot air inside a computer cabinet. Because of that you will need to surround it with an intake structure as well as an exhaust structure. This device sucks a lot of air at 5,000 RPM. That, without a doubt, will be noisy. There's also another element here that is not being compared. How many cubic feet per minute of air is this device moving? How would a stationary fin heatsink perform if you moved that much air through its fins. A few years ago we modeled and built a custom heatsink that consisted of a centrifugal fan mounted at the center of a field of fins located at the exhaust of the fan. Put another way, fan mounted at the center of a flat plate, intake is at the center, exhaust is radially outward. The fins where located to "grab" and channel the exhaust flow. They were also "ducted" meaning that the top of the fins had a "roof" so no air could escape without bathing the entire fin. This heatsink performed very well. Expensive to manufacture, but it did very, very well. We could custom machine boundary layer control elements into the fins and do better yet. The fan was an off-the shelf plastic DC brushless centrifugal fan with no thermal properties other than moving lots of air. And it was quiet. I am not necessarily putting down the Sandia fan. I am simply saying that one should be careful not to be attracted to new shiny things without a little critical thinking. I have seen companies waste millions by jumping into technologies that sounded great on paper an were later found impossible to commercialize due to a million real-world issues. Agreed. I've made "reference" flat surfaces on aluminum using our Haas VF3-SS vertical milling machine with a good quality shell mill with new inserts and, if you do everything right, you can see yourself on the mirror-like surface that results. This machine is probably the grade of machine you might expect to find in a high-volume production shop. A digitally controlled light source for a, well, shall we say, special application. The light source was about 24 x 16 inches with LED's packed as tight as you can imagine. For best thermal transfer and uniformity the assemblies were bonded to a 0.5 inch thick aluminum base-plate in a vacuum fixture. To answer the other question, power was provided by a set of 48V 500W AC to DC power supplies feeding purpose-built current and voltage control boards. It produced an output luminance of about 60,000 cd/m2 (sixty thousand candelas per square meter). In other words, it was actually dangerous to look at it directly, all measurements had to be taken through stacks of attenuating filters. Fun project but about as dangerous as working with lasers. I'll have to play with this. I don't doubt what you are saying at all. I've been lazy, I said FEA when I meant FEA and CFD, we have both available and yes, boundary layer effects and vortex flows are taken into account. Fun stuff to play with. For some problems you could spend your entire life simulating and never reach a conclusion! I'll repeat my warning that I am not an aero engineer and what I've learned has lots of holes here and there. As I understand it, boundary layer control is difficult. I remember going through NASA papers that talk about techniques used in centrifugal superchargers to control the boundary layer. These are impellers running at speeds way beyond that of the proposed heatsink. If I remember correctly, one of the problems with various techniques is that of flow separation. This would cause large portions of the blade surface to, effectively, not exchange any heat to speak of with the separated flow. Airfoil choice is important here. That said, the proposed heatsink does not, as its primary design intent, have the requirement to be a good pump. The primary design requirement is to opimize heat transfer to the surrounding air. Things can and probably do change when you are optimizing for that. What I would really like to see is the performance of a complete design. One that includes a casing with suitable inlet and outlets as well as the required safety devices. In my limited experience, that's when things can start to change. For example, the nature of the intake airflow can greatly affect what happens when the airflow hits the vane leading edge and beyond. Also, noise levels can go up. It'd be interesting if someone in aerodynamics could pitch-in and talk about some of these effects and how things can change outside of simulations and free-air environment prototypes. Lately I have been having this thought that Apple ought to do the right thing and compensate app publishers when it chooses to, effectively, take them out with their own version of their apps. From an ethical standpoint I really don't like the idea of them watching, learning, observing and then damaging those who put lots of time and effort into understanding a problem and developing solutions for them. They've done this with e-books and other areas and now podcasts. I am not saying that they should not publish their own versions of these apps. All I am suggesting is that the right thing for them to do is to financially recognize those who paved the road ahead of them. To be clear, I am not and have not been affected by any of these Apple-released apps. I do fear the potential to come-up with something popular only to be taken out by the mother-ship. > I haven't had to make my life depend on employees as of yet And that's where your opinion comes from. To be absolutely clear, I am not putting you down. I am merely stating what I believe to be a fact. I see a lot of opinions on HN that obviously come from people who have never actually run a business. Of course, everyone is entitled to an opinion with the caveat that opinions loose a lot of validity when they are not backed by "skin in the game". Bringing an employee onboard is an expensive process. The search itself can be expensive. If you found the employee through an agency you owe the agency a finder's fee. This typically runs from 15% and could be as high as 50% of the employee's salary. To put numbers to that, if you pay someone $100K and the agency charges 25%, you, the employer, owe them $25K. Of course, it doesn't stop there. There's a lot more to employee compensation than the agreed-upon salary and recruiting costs. A quick Google search located this calculator: http://www.artlogic.com/resources/employee-cost-calculator/i... Using that as a reasonable reference I calculated that, if you keep your $100K/year employee for three years your annual cost is $150K per year. If, however, you only keep them for one year (change "Expected term of employment" to "1") the cost goes up to $170K per year. If we look at a $150K/year employee who leaves in one year the cost of that employee sits at around $240K. Even this doesn't paint the entire picture. Bringing someone onboard takes work and will definitely consume clock cycles. More than one team member is likely to be involved in the on-boarding process. Overall productivity will be affected during this period until the new hire comes-up to speed and can "solo" if you will. The effort isn't trivial at all and it costs thousands of dollars for every hire. There's also a hidden "cost" which takes the form of internal competitive data that you have to trust your employees with. Nobody thinks that this is a cost until you go through the experience of training someone for months only to have them go work for a direct competitor. These things do happen, and believe me when I say that it never sits well. At that point thin ethical walls protect you from a competitor gaining a leg-up through ill-gotten insight. This very directly equates to money. The cost of poaching by --presumably-- the very agency you might be working with is also not trivial. You just dedicated a ton of money and time to bring someone onboard and the agency convinces him/her to go elsewhere. Now you are left with a hole to fill, which will take time and money. During that time team productivity will take a hit, product delivery will suffer and you will be distracted away from product and business development in an effort to fill the hole. I can't put a precise number on this but believe me when I say that it ain't cheap. So, yes, anti-poaching is fair and just. For some it takes going through the pain of having this happen once or twice to understand the concept. And your creative interpretation of my post is 100% wrong. This isn't about an unhappy employee leaving because the job is crappy. Of course not. If the job or the environment is crap I'd be the first one to say that they probably ought to leave. I am also deeply offended by your use of the term "slave". Nobody has used this term. Not one person has even implied it. I certainly have not. It is a despicable and desperate measure to sensationalize something that has, in no way whatsoever, implied such a condition exist or is desirable. My post, and the scenario that it referred to, was very narrowly focused on the case where an agency YOU HIRE to help you find talent turns-around and proceeds to attempt to poach the very talent they helped you find just a few months after they got onboard. That is scummy and, in my view at least, absolutely justifies a no-poaching agreement WITH THE AGENCY YOU HIRED TO HELP YOU FIND TALENT. Other than that, if another company is going to reach out and offer your employees a better deal (whether that means more money, a more interesting project or better working conditions) so be it, that's the free market and nothing should impede that at all. Even if other agencies reach out and convince the employee to leave a week after he/she came onboard, that's OK. Again, the point here is very narrowly defined around the issue of a head-hunter that YOU hired turning around and poaching employees you just got done paying them a fee to find. That is a very different issue, isn't it? In order to fully illustrate the damage done I simply highlighted that there are huge costs involved in hiring and employing someone, particularly through a head-hunter, and that it is wrong for them (the head hunter) to then turn around and try to steal people away from you. After a reasonable and mutually agreed-upon period they can do whatever they want. In the example given in the OP's article that period was 18 months. That's fine. To be ultra-redundant: If someone other than the agency you hired manages to pull someone --anyone-- away from you, that's fair game. You can do that to others as well as they can do it to you. The issue here is with an agency that is supposed to be working for you. Of course, the conclusions are only as good as the data. Take the issue of over-clocking as an example. Do they have data on cooling? Component quality? Component selection? Component handling during the build of the OC system? An over-clocked system with inadequate cooling is definitely more likely to fail. We have several over-clocked systems for FEA/CFD that have been rock-solid since they were built (about three years ago). They generally run nearly 18 to 20 hours per day for weeks and weeks when we have such projects on the table. All of the machines were built by us (I guess they call this "white box" now?). Every single one of them was built in a static-controlled environment. Every single one of them underwent full-load testing when built before being put into service. In most cases this led to identifying memory that failed prematurely. In other cases we've rejected motherboards and CPU's. After a successful two week burn-in period the machines were officially deemed qualified for service. Oh, yes, all of them had fluid-based cooling systems installed and oversized external radiators. I forget what we aimed for in terms of CPU/Memory temperature, but it was definitely nice and cool compared to a normal heatsink setup. Component selection, handling, build quality and burn-in testing are of paramount importance when trying to push the limits. My guess is that most hobbyists don't do any of this and simply go for the shiny new object on the shelf and expect it to work. That being the case, failure rates are sure to suffer. The same applies to non-OC self-built systems. I don't think that I have ever bought a factory built (Dell, HP, Compaq, etc.) system save laptops. I can't remember ever having any hardware failures in, say, the last twenty years, save maybe one case of a hard drive that refused to spin after a few months of service (backups are golden!). Again, component selection, handling, testing, etc. are of paramount importance when building your own system. The other part of this study that I think needs data is the "quality", for lack of a better word, of the user. How many of these users are Mom, Dad, Grandma, Grandpa and Uncle Fester? How many of these are hackers and computer enthusiast? I, for one, have never enabled the "share crash data" functionality on any of our machines in, again, about twenty years. That's data from a group of users that are smarter than the average bear that MS simply does not have. The data from factory-built systems is probably far more reliable because, well, they are a relatively known quantity. There are still issues to consider, such as the operating environment (air-conditioning, temperature, humidity), air filter condition (full of dust or cleaned every few months), user cabinet incursions (did they install more memory and zap the MB with static?) and more. I did not read the entire report. I don't know if any of these points were covered or not. The conclusions might provide a good approximation of what the average user might experience. Without more data I would be careful about placing excessive weight on these findings. There are so many ways to look at this. Here's a dumb and imperfect example: You hire me to help you find a really good CFO. I charge you $40,000 to get that job done. After several weeks and two dozen interviews we find a candidate that is a great fit. You agree to pay her a very competitive salary, one that is certainly within the top level of what CFO's are getting paid in your industry. Everyone is happy. You pay me my $40K and she comes onboard. Six month later I get pinged by a large corporation looking for a CFO. I remember the candidate I placed with you. She is definitely qualified. I email her directly and get her to jump ship. She didn't get paid any more. I simply convinced her that the large corporation was a better bet than your startup. I, of course, get to collect a fee from the large corp as well. This is wrong. You hired me to help you build your team and paid me handsomely to do my job. If I then turn around and actually become your enemy, why am I serving? An even such as the one I just described is incredibly disruptive and costly beyond the obvious (I covered some of the costs in my prior post). That why I will not work with any head-hunter who will not guarantee that they will not approach new hires with new opportunities for a reasonable period of time. As a business you don't derive a financial benefit out of hiring a new employee for months but there's a ton of upfront and ongoing investment. The most important products Google needs to launch are: Real Customer Service and Sensible Account Dispute Management. Without these two I would not touch any of these services. They are, almost without a doubt, radioactive. Why? It's an old story, really: Get tangled with Google algo's for any reason and your account is suspended with no recourse. There goes everything: adsense, adwords, plus, gmail, drive, docs and whatever else was linked to that account. No thanks. Make a real commitment to behave like a real business partner with me and my clients and you have a deal. Until then, thanks, but no, thanks. Don't get me wrong, I would definitely like to use these services. I most definitely do. However, the risk of the totalitarian account suspension mechanism chopping your head off is just not worth my time. Charge me $99 a year (think Apple). Put me through the vetting process that Apple puts you through when you register as a developer (company data, etc.). Get comfortable with the fact that I am a real business. Then, from that point forward, let's have a real business-to-business relationship as opposed to a totalitarian-government-to-insignificant-ant relationship. That's a winning formula. Right, that's the point. Google keep putting more shiny things on the table but neglect to fix what we are all clamoring for: having a proper business relationship. This isn't about paying or not paying for a service. These days I am heavily leaning towards paid services because, well, I want them to stick around. If Google needs to have some of my money in order to ensure that the relationship is, well, sensible, so be it. Give me that option. A few months ago I posted a set of ideas on how a more sensible approach could work. It focused on AdSense, which seems to be where most of the friction originates. Here it is: First of all, don't make the process an digital on/off decision. Create a system of staged penalties leading up to account suspension and then, if abused, closure. New accounts should have an "on-boarding" process in place. It would be OK to tell the site that, for the first 30 days ads will be presented and NO revenue will be paid to the site. This is a monitoring period where Google can just watch and see how the site behaves. During the following 90 days revenue is slowly notched up from 0% to 100%. Again, close monitoring and feedback during this period is critical. If and when a problem occurs, Google is to provide clearly understandable data on the relevant violations and suggestions on fixing them. One argument against this is that, if they made their violation detection data public, spammers will use the data to get even better. Well, so be it. Use this to develop even better detection technology. Last I heard Google is staffed with pretty smart folk. Solve the problem! After clearly flagging the relevant problems give the account owner a reasonable length of time to fix it. Say, three days from receipt of the notice. If the problem is not fixed in the alloted time then ad revenues start to be discounted based on some well-explained formula. Maybe 10% per day. This should provide enough incentive for a lazy site owner to take action. This could also come with staged penalization of the site-standing in search. This could be controversial. Maybe not. This could also have an element of a reduction of the CPM revenue on ads served into the site. Once the revenue reaches zero, ad placement stops. Perhaps there's the option for Google to serve non-ads with text noting that this site is in violation of AdSense rules. I can thing of few things that'll wake someone up more than having all of your ad locations populated with such a notice. Despite all of the above, the account is never killed off except for the most egregious cases. Having all ad revenue shut down the site is given a full report --with clear reasons-- of the violations and the timeline to ad-serving shutdown. AND, how to fix it. The site could be suspended from AdSense for thirty days, during which they have to show that they fixed the problems. Once the problems are fixed a staged restart of ad-serving would begin. At first the site would start being served with a few ads and they'd only earn, say, 50% of normal revenue. Over a period of three months of "good behavior" the sites ads would increase and improve. And, of course, the percentage of revenue earned per ad would notch back up to 100%. Oh, yes, if the account holder owns multiple sites on one AdSense account the sites ought to be treated separately. If one site is having problems but there's another that is in perfect standing account actions should only affect the site that needs to fix problems and not the entire account. I'm sure the above has holes. It is probably a reasonable start for a framework that could fix the problem. I've had the experience of having legitimate and above-honest clients get banned from AdSense for, well, we'll never know. The problem with the way Google runs this is that there's no way to make an honest mistake. This is very easy to do when you are just getting started. It isn't fair. It isn't right. Oh, please. Stop it! Not another fucking PHP vs. the world thread on HN! C'mon kids, get off it! Any number of us could name tons of very successful (profitable, popular, worth tens, hundreds and billions of dollars) companies that rely to a large extent on PHP. And the same could be said about a dozen other languages and frameworks. Be done with this shit, will you? Haven't you had enough? What a strange year. Maybe I am completely off-base --and I am more than willing to accept that I could be reading it completely wrong. I can't help but feel that our (USA) government is turning a corner towards the "dark side". I am not just talking about this administration. This has been a disaster in the making for probably fifty years. The Megaupload case is one example: Unceremoniously grab people's property (in the form of their data) and offer no mechanism to get it back. Furthermore, look through and examine all said data without a search warrant. Everyone is assumed to be a criminal without any proof or due process. Yes, these were MU servers and, yes, they probably had a bunch of pirated stuff on there. Yet, I am sure that lots and lots of people had legitimate files and data of their own on MU. Today these people have to face the very real prospect of loosing it forever thanks to our now-totalitarian government. Then there's the whole healthcare business. Don't get me wrong, I want everyone to have access to healthcare --not just here, all over the world. We can't evolve as a society when such a fundamental need is not accessible to millions of people. That said, the way we've done it is, well, nothing short of disgusting and, yes, scary. I don't know about you, but I didn't sign-up for my representatives to vote and pass laws without reading them. And that is certainly true of something this complex. Something that affects so many people for potentially more than one generation. In my book something this important ought to have a very public extended debate period in order to ensure that everyone involved has a chance to understand, contribute and know what we are walking into. This week's Supreme Court decision is also scary. Now, I'll admit that, as an engineer, I am not well versed on the finer points of constitutional law. This is what I understood: The Federal Government has the option to apply a tax penalty to every citizen if they don't behave in a certain way. And the Supreme Court just said that this is perfectly legal per the US Constitution. If I am correct in my interpretation of the precedent they just set, this is truly a scary moment in history. Now, let's take a moment and leave the healthcare law out of the discussion. Some emotionally connect with the "for" and "against" camps. I just want to look at this issue of tax-if-you-don't-do-as-you-are-told issue. This is scary and dangerous and not one US Citizen should tolerate it. If it requires a constitutional amendment to fix, we probably need to fast-track in that direction. Why? Per this ruling the Federal government could penalize you with a tax if: - You don't buy an electric car - You don't install solar panels on your roof - You don't buy government-approved "healthy" foods - You don't use mass transportation - You don't share all of your financial data with the government - In general, you don't do what they want you to do Again, forget the healthcare law. The Supreme Court just told all of us that the US Federal Government can tax the hell out of you if you don't behave as they wish. That could be buying-into healthcare or anything else they decide to come-up with. And, they aren't even required to actually read the laws they pass or seek our approval to levy these new penalty taxes. Back to MU. The government is now holding people's valuable data hostage to a process that is probably illegal in some form. Being that lots of these politicians are lawyers, they probably got us by the balls. They know very well what they are doing and can have their way with us. Pirates using MU should be hit hard. But, how about trampling all over everyone else --without recourse-- while trying to get the few bad guys? It's as if the cops decided to shoot everyone in sight in hopes of getting a few bad guys hiding at a shopping center and, for good measure, they shoot the shopping center ownership and management at the same time. Bullshit. Regardless of your position on these issues, you should be horrified by what is happening to our country. Your rights are being eroded one step at a time. Very soon we will not be able to recognize where we are living. The point of the post was about the degeneration of government that can lead to, and allows, these kinds of things. MU and healthcare are very different topics but the underlying issue is the same: government does as it pleases. > Americans love to talk about democracy, they've been brainwashed to after all, but so few of them really know what it is We are not a democracy. We are a representative democracy, which is very different. I don't know about a single modern country that has a pure democratic political system. > I hear what you're saying but Washington is so hyper partisan it's impossible to have a reasonable discussion about almost anything. Yes! Yes! Yes! It's a horrible mess. Politicians --all sides and ideology-- are solely engaged in pandering to those who will vote for them. Reason be damned. They want to keep their jobs and continue to enjoy the ride. Almost nothing else matters to these people. Sometimes I feel that it would be very wise to modify the system such that politics truly becomes serving the country rather than a life-long career. A senator would have to go back to work in the real world every so many years if he/she wants to have the right to come back to government. Equal time. Serve six years and then do six years in private life, or some variant thereof. At some level these people (again, any side) are so polarized that even basic arithmetic escapes them. And, in the end, we are the ones that have to pay for their moronic decisions. From unnecessary wars and bases all over the world to down-right criminal pension systems and benefits for government workers. Examples abound with the current extremes being physically located at places like Iraq + Afganistan and Stockton and (soon to come to a boil) California. > I for one, haven't heard anything about the health care ruling opening the door to tax people for not buying government approved healthy foods, not using mass transportation, etc. But, I imagine we get our media from different sources. No, that part was my extrapolation of the Supreme Court ruling on the matter. As for where I got the news, well, I took the time to read the Supreme Court decision here: http://www.scribd.com/doc/98542275/Scotus-opinion It's an interesting read. I've never done this before. The first page gets down to the meat and potatoes of the matter: One key provision isthe individual mandate, which requires most Americans to maintain "minimum essential" health insurance coverage. 26 U. S. C. §5000A.For individuals who are not exempt, and who do not receive health insurance through an employer or government program, the means of satisfying the requirement is to purchase insurance from a private company. Beginning in 2014, those who do not comply with themandate must make a "[s]hared responsibility payment" to the Federal Government. §5000A(b)(1). The Act provides that this "penalty" will be paid to the Internal Revenue Service with an individual's taxes, and "shall be assessed and collected in the same manner" as tax penalties. The simplification of this idea is what I was after: Buy this (or do this) or we will impose a tax penalty for failing to comply. The Supreme Court just told all of us that this is perfectly legal and legitimate. And that might very well be absolutely true. Now, I am not a student of these things at all, but I am having trouble finding another example of the government penalizing citizens for not buying something through taxation. I can't point to one thing in my household that would result in a penalty tax if I did not fall-in and get it. I argue --as an non-lawyer-- that this precedent opens the doors for a slippery slope where government can force you to do things through tax penalties as devised in the healthcare law. This is the part that I am concerned about. And no, I am not right-wing or left. I am and independent thinker with a strong preference for non-creative arithmetic, individual freedom, free markets, low taxation, and the government staying the hell away from my life as much as possible. Amount raised on IPO: $16 Billion Value of Zuck's shares post-IPO: $19 Billion Pissing off 800 million users with a forced email change: PRICELESS There are some things money can't buy. For gut-wrenching invasion of privacy there's Facebook. This is not criticism, but I'd just like to point out that the farther you get from the raw realities of the efficiency of C-style code you increase the probability of code becoming bloated with constructs and "rigging" under the hood that's there just to make things convenient to a programmer. At one point or another there is no escaping the reality that pointers will end-up as addresses in a register used to make an indirect call or "MOV" of some sort and that other data types will similarly land on registers or various memory areas as they are passed to and from functions. I got my start writing machine code (not assembler, but entering raw hex codes into hexadecimal keypads) and that caused me to always be very aware of where I am just being lazy and loading things-up with code just to make my life easier. Granted, sometimes this is justified. Today's coding tools (editors and IDE's with code completion and "live" API reference) make it harder to screw some of this up. I tend to always go for simple, fast and efficient. But that's my preference. This is a tough topic with the potential for heated diametrically-opposed opinions. I too have had the experience of living a big chunk of my life outside the US, about 18 years, between South America (mostly Argentina) and Europe. I've also split my time in the US between east and west coast. When abroad I have at times felt embarrassed to call myself an American. Well, first of all, I hate the use of the term "American" because, well, we don't own the entire continent. I feels utterly ignorant to say "I am an American". In the UK at least you can say that you are a "Yank" and it is more accurate. Anyhow, this might be a minor point. Just because it is convenient I'll continue to use the ignorant reference and call myself an "American" in this post. Yes, Americans are fat and ignorant. At least that's a big part of what we project. Some of it has to do with how egocentric we tend to be. I have met Americans that have a hard time placing countries --much less cities-- on the globe. You often hear things like "I can't spell" or "I am not good at math". I can't recall ever hearing such expressions in other countries. If you can't spell your own language or handle high-school level math you are actually looked down upon in a lot of cultures. Just one step above an idiot. It really sounds moronic from the vantage point of other cultures. So, be aware of this fact. While it might seem funny to you to make a comment like that, the other person could be thinking that you are a "burro". I am the last person to propose that government get involved in directing behavior through taxation and the like. I've posted before on the whole healthcare law mess. However, there is one tax credit that I could probably get behind in a serious way if it was implemented correctly: A tax incentive to have Americans travel abroad with some frequency. I truly believe that we would fix a LOT of problems both here and elsewhere if the average US citizen had a more accurate world view. In Europe it is easy to travel from culture to culture. It's just a train ride away and it can be really cheap. Here in the US it is harder and far more costly. It is logical that most would simply travel a few hundred miles away within our country than get on a plane and see other shores. An intelligently-done tax credit to promote foreign travel could do wonders in this area. We need people to travel out of the country a few times (not just once) during their lifetime to gain perspective and learn. If the average American understood what the world looks like on the outside and, perhaps more importantly, what the US looks like when looking-in, they would behave differently and vote differently. We would be a different country. The topic of religion in the US is also a tough one. I, like most, grew up in a religious environment and later rejected it. As an atheist now I can't help but see some of what goes on with all religions as nothing less than lunacy. A collectively accepted state of dementia. A tsunami kills hundreds of thousands of people and the religious still can't logically look at the gaping holes in their demented belief system. At one point you'd hope that someone would rationalize that if their god truly listened to their prayers and helped their football team win a game while allowing someone to get killed or raped across town, or someone else half beaten to death at the stadium parking lot or hundreds of thousands of of people die in an earthquake...well, something ain't right. Anyhow, the fact that American politics is so overly loaded with the need to express devotion, dedication and history with one religion, Christianity, is of great concern to those of us who can look at things from a different plane of thought. From outside our country this looks ignorant and, well, ridiculous. There are so many consequences to having religion as a dominant force in politics. Gay rights and scientific research are two examples that come to mind. It is personally offensive to me --not gay-- to hear believers who consider the gay to be unholy abominations (and worst). When you try to explain that being gay is a genetic mutation (not a pejorative) that is no different from having blue eyes they laugh at you. That's when the topic of evolution often comes-up. It is personally offensive to me that they challenge evolution as though anything they could offer is even remotely relevant to the conversation. You try to explain that the mechanism for evolution is the very reason that their kids don't look like perfect clones of each other, and they come up with counter-reasons that one couldn't even imagine. And, when religion mixes with politics you have things like the drive to teach "creationism" to our kids. Again, from many distant shores this looks nothing less than retarded. And they are right. A lot of the above is very negative. Here's the good news: There is a TON that is great about this country and this people. We, with all of our faults, manage to have created a society that is orderly and, for the most part, law-driven. Just ask an Argentinian about how their crazy governments and rampant corruption at all levels has, effectively, destroyed what used to be a very nice country. In the US we disagree. And, yes, polarization is horrible right now, but we somehow manage to run things reasonably well. There's also a lot of creativity in this land. There are cultures that have huge issues with this. Both Europe and Asia have examples of this effect. A lot of the behaviors and culture that the US promotes internally lead to finding diamonds in the rough and allowing them to shine through. Yes, here you can be nobody and rise to be anything and anyone you can dream of becoming. And that's why the US has led the world in a technical and, yes, cultural revolution that has had no equal. I am proud of being an American, warts and all. I strive to be above average and make sure that my kids develop a world view and cross cultural view from the get go. I also respect other cultures and understand that nearly everyone who is positive in the world has something valuable to offer. I could go on, but that's probably enough of a brain dump on this topic. I stand corrected. At least the play a large role. It certainly isn't an abomination as the religious like to see them. It's the year 2012 and we still show respect for this kind of thinking rather than laughing them out of the room. Further evidence that governments should be as limited as possible in their access and control of our lives. Nearly everything they touch has ugly short and long-term consequences spanning from financial to millions of people dying. I know that the issues in India are far more complex than this. I am over-simplifying in a gross manner. That said, I can't help but feel that "civilization" has degenerated into the lunatics running the asylum world-over. I don't know what the solution might be, but it is almost unthinkable to see millions of people dying rather than millions of people mounting a revolt to take control of what is rightly theirs: Their country, their land, their resources and their very lives. Here's a case where the actions of a few in power are likely a huge part of the reason for millions dying every year. What is wrong with humanity? I would go farther and say that mine was a grotesque over-simplification. One has to admit that there is something wrong with the way governments are working world-wide (not just India or the US). Examples abound of everything from flat-out government corruption to governments making decisions which often-times have consequences that affect millions in very negative ways. It's a weird time because we are so connected that it is easy to see these things happening all across the world. Fifty years ago it was very hard for the average citizen of any country to get a play-by-play account of what was going on around the world. Today you can get a good picture within an hour of sitting down at your computer. One of the pictures I am getting is that we have all allowed governments to do more than they should. And we are all paying for it in one way or another. To be auto-critical, the disastrous economic downturn that we have been navigating through was nearly 100% caused by the US government deciding that it was politically important to put into place a framework that allowed almost anyone to own a home. Yes, private enterprise and Wall Street took it from there. It was government that enabled and promoted this and provided the ecosystem within which the disaster was created. Other examples of this are wars nobody wants, military bases all over the world and foreign aid that often ends in the hands of dictators and questionable characters. Being hopeful, I see a future where the Internet connects people to the point where governments simply won't be able to cause so much damage at the local or global level. I think that era is slowly coming to an end. Is this the "new" Microsoft? I generally like what I am seeing them do. Surface looks incredible. Not completely sold on the Metro interface on the desktop but understand what they are trying to do. In general there seems to be new energy and focus coming out of MS. I wonder what's going on inside. I don't care what logos look like. I care about what products do. I also care about how the company treats its customers and developers. That said, nobody put a Microsoft sticker on their car. Maybe Microsoft should think about that a little. The designs proposed by the article would most-definitely not have me even consider a sticker on my car (which has zero stickers, but that's another topic). I was in total disbelief when UPS started running their "brown" campaigns. They had one of the most recognizable brands anywhere and some genius decided to throw millions of dollars at the idea of confusing customers with the whole "what can brown do for you?" campaign (and all the sophomoric jokes that went with that when they screwed-up a delivery). Simply amazing. Instead of "What can UPS do for you?" they took off in a completely different direction. I'd love to read a post-mortem on that whole story. Humanity has the ability to destroy all life on this planet many times over. As intelligent as we all think we are it is a sad note to realize that we are still in the caveman mental state of wanting the bigger stick. Will we ever turn the corner? Haven't we seen and caused enough death already? The problem isn't export controls. The problem is that we need to finally break away from the animals we think we evolved away from. This article is actually featured on Apple's website, here: http://www.apple.com/hotnews/ What blows me away is how bad this "research" is. The news release at EPRI is here: http://my.epri.com/portal/server.pt/gateway/PTARGS_0_243352_... Per their blurb: "The assessment was conducted to determine the load requirements – the amount of power needed to operate the devices -- of the increasingly popular iPad. According to Apple, 67 million of the devices have been purchased worldwide." "Baskar Vairmohan, the EPRI researcher who conducted the iPad test, said the group is now studying usage to understand whether the explosion of tablets is adding to power consumption, or reducing it." Of course, they neglect to even attempt to estimate the increased power load due to all of the infrastructure put into place in order to support these devices. The fact that it only costs $1.36 per year to charge (based on some made-up usage pattern) is probably insignificant when compared to the cost of powering the infrastructure serving these devices behind the scenes. From cell towers to home/office networking hardware, ISP networking infrastructure, content servers, app servers and storage. What's sad is that these kinds of conclusions are parroted by the media as hard science. EPRI? Hmmmm. Is this tax dollars at work? C'mon Apple, you don't need to legitimize this kind of junk. This is more of a Pieceable comment/question rather than kickfolio. One concern I would have would be that apps are now usable outside of the device. If you have a paid app are you opening the door to free usage? Say you have a specialized calculator of some sort. Now anyone can use it for free through a browser. I realize that there's a cost associated with the number of simultaneous users. Maybe that's the limiting mechanism. Also: https://www.pieceable.com/facebook "We will be winding down the Pieceable service at the end of the year so we can focus on the new challenges and opportunities at Facebook. Facebook is not acquiring the company, technology, or customer data. We know many of you have come to rely on the Pieceable service, and we want to make sure that you can continue to do so even after we shut down our hosted service on December 31, 2012. In a few months, we'll be releasing an open source version of Pieceable Viewer that you'll be able to run on your own Mac hardware - we'll have more details on that soon." Which is potentially good news long-term. >> Humanity has the ability to destroy all life on this planet many times over. > Yah, that isn't even remotely true. It's often said, but completely false. Really? You don't think that the nuclear arsenal in place around the world has the capacity to cause massive life loss on this planet? It's only a matter of time until the "bad guys" (whoever you choose to crown as such) escalate things up to bio/chem weaponry. Bio weapons are actually scarier than nukes. Don't say it won't happen. We have a proven capacity to cause untold death and destruction. The world wars and various genocides are proof enough. Maybe there's another way to look at this: In hindsight. An idea that succeeds to garner users, clients or customers is one that probably solved a problem, filled a need or fed an interest. An idea that fails. Well, it was just an idea. Sounds good. How about sound? This is particularly important for games. We are on track to publish several games. Without sound the demos would not be appealing at all. For example, there are times when the player would hear a spoken prompt. Without it he/she would not know what to do. I like the "yes" and "no" gestures. I've proposed this a couple of times on HN. I think the solution to these issues is for someone of note to start an organization dedicated to fighting patent troll cases. To be considered for protection you have to become a member and pay annual dues. Such an organization could potentially raise hundreds of millions of dollars and have top-notch legal horsepower available. It's mission would be to defend members and, in all cases, seek the invalidation of the patents in question. If something like that existed, trolls would know that the potential consequence of trying to enforce bullshit patents would be huge financial losses and the potential invalidation of their bullshit patents. How many trolls would go up against an organization with 10, 20, 50 or 100 million dollars available to take-on a case? I am saddened to say that it is an arms race. Given that, true entrepreneurs and startups need bigger guns. It would behoove VC's and virtually all entrepreneurs and startups to help fund and support such an entity. It would be like patent reform approached in a very different way. Knowing that the "nuclear option" is on the table could very well bring reason to a landscape that is simply full of land-mines. There would have to be a mechanism through which companies of a certain size (Google, Apple, etc.) are excluded from receiving free services from this organization. They would, however, be expected to support it with generous donations. If the large players in the tech would each donated ten million dollars a year (a rounding error in their revenue stream) to such an entity, the organization could easily raise hundreds of millions in no time at all. Can you explain a little more about the mechanics of selling the eBooks? You mentioned 8.9% going to a fulfillment provider. Who? What exactly did they do for you? Great article. The organization would have to put into place a process through which requests for help from members are evaluated. If the lawsuit in question is determined to fit the stated mission, purpose and standards of the organization they take over. There could also be staged levels of paid assistance whereby the organization might handle the case at a much-reduced cost when compared to going through other avenues. I don't have all the answers. Legal minds far more capable than mine would design a set of rules and options that would make this a true resource and, to use the term again, a "nuclear option" against trolls. I don't have a problem with the reasonable enforcement of legitimate patents, but the bullshit patents need a way to hurt those using them to troll in a major way. All you need is a few cases of trolls getting utterly destroyed in court for the environment to change completely. I down-voted your comment. I don't believe in down-voting without giving a reason for having done so. Here's mine: Your post adds no value whatsoever. Think twice before hitting "reply" if all you are going to do is post a negative comment that is utterly irrelevant. I really don't think that this has anything whatsoever to do with closed vs. open source. This is definitely a case of Cisco over-reaching. The genesis of the problem isn't really connected to closed source. There are plenty of closed source systems that don't even approach these kinds of issues. Would open-source prevent this kind of thing? Probably. In this case, someone has to make the hardware, supply and maintain the infrastructure, so the problem is probably a little more complex than the simple contrast between closed and open source. There really aren't a lot of large open-source-everything projects out there (hardware + software + mechanical + whatever else) to know how this would play out. Hardware, as a business, is really capital intensive. Software isn't. A college student in a dorm can sit down and write software that gets distributed to millions and reaches every corner of the world. And the cost of doing so is virtually nothing. To replicate this in hardware is almost impossible (yet). There's a lot more to it than just designing and building it. There's support, warranties, regulatory requirements, etc. Here's a dumb example: Who wants to be responsible for the lawsuit when an ill-designed piece of hardware kills someone because it does not deal with high-voltages in a safe manner? Or another one: Who wants to be responsible for a recall of thousands or even millions of devices if they are found to be defective in some way? Again, regardless of the contrast between hardware and software I don't think that this issue can be used to champion the FOSS flag. Sure, take it all out of context and it sounds like I am making a point for FOSS solving this issue. That is not the case. There are practical hardware and business issues that touch a hardware business that simply create a problem for FOSS. Again, the problem --Cisco wanting access to your data-- does not have a direct causation link to the fact that their software is closed. No such connection exists. Posting an explanation for a down-vote is very rare. It should be a requirement for the privilege of down-voting on HN. It is also, in my opinion, good manners. That could have value. Did you take the time to study the matter and post a succinct explanation? I'd love to get a link to your post. It really doesn't matter to me whether I am working alone or with a team. Comments, in my world, are an inseparable part of writing code. As an example, I do both hardware and software. I might work on FPGA code for months and then move on to the embedded code that runs the board. It is possible to not have to touch the FPGA code for months. If I then have to go and modify something, say, add a register to implement a function I need, comments are a life-saver because you need to do a hard "context switch" in your head. I don't have time to read through code and figure out how a particular chunk-o-code works or what I meant by it. With FPGA code, where you are likely dealing with code structures that are controlling signals in the nanosecond range, you can't wing it. It either works or it doesn't and even minor code changes can make the entire thing go from working to a friggin mess. Comments are the "user manual" to the code. Later on I might have to go and work on the iOS app that might access this hardware. So now you have FPGA code, embedded code (runs the board that has the FPGA) and iOS code. Once again, even when I could be the only developer in the project without comments the entire thing becomes unmanageable very, very quickly. I disagree. This isn't about interfaces. This is about their inner workings and the reasoning behind some of the decisions or techniques being made. You talk about over-commenting. I am talking about no comments whatsoever, not even to document methods or subroutines. I cloned this one project that was loaded with methods not used anywhere. In fact, it had included the SBJson framework and it was being used in a method that never got called. The issue came up because it collided with my own use of SBJson on my project and I wanted to figure out what to do about it. It turns out that I could just delete the entire thing and it did not affect the code at all. I'll give you another example. I have not programmed in Forth in a long time. Maybe fifteen years. However, I do have tons of Forth code that I wrote back then for various projects. All of it is very well documented. I have no doubt that, fifteen years later, I could grab that code and be back in the swing of things in no time at all. I wouldn't have to read through the code in detail and go through the process of building stack images in my head to figure out what is going on. Without comments code libraries like that become impenetrable black boxes. I could say the same about LISP. I haven't touched it in ages. I wrote tons of utilities and at least one major framework (one year dev time) for a variant called AutoLISP (runs inside AutoCAD). Again, tons of comments which would allow me to jump right in and know exactly what is going on. It should go without saying that trivial stuff does not require comments. As an hypothetical example, a loop that searches an array (or whatever) for a specific match doesn't need line-by-line comments. What I might do here is, again, hypothetical, just before the "for" statement throw-in a comment that says something like "Look for CRC code match in packet data". With that simple line anyone reading the code knows what the intent was. I can read that code five years later and know exactly what it does without having to read backwards and forwards through the code to figure out what each variable might be, where they come from, what they are loaded with, what the intent might be, etc. I also find it invaluable to document state machines (particularly for hardware --FPGA-- designs). If you take something like a custom DDR3 SDRAM controller state machine, well, it isn't a trivial thing to read through and figure out what it is doing. Well-authored comments can turn something that would take hours-upon-hours to comprehend into an easy read. I have seen the value of good comments and code documentation many times over during my career. Keep in mind that I am not making a comparison between sparse comments and writing a book. I didn't have time to read the entire thing. I scanned it quickly and have to say that I don't think I disagree with the recommendations of that paper. In general terms comments should not describe the mechanics of the code "looping through all available names" but rather the intent "Find the user name". That comments get out of sync with code is a fact. That they stay out of sync is inexcusable. What I will generally do is to fully test and debug a chunk of code and then go back and annotate. I sometimes have a "Go comment the code" item in my to-do list and will spend time here and there cleaning-up and clarifying comments. The other interesting thing that can happen when commenting this way is that you can find issues with the code or identify refactoring opportunities. It's like sitting down to explain what the code is doing to another capable programmer as opposes to a 12 year old who is just starting to learn how to program. Maybe that's the best way to put it. What do you say to an experience programmer if you had to do a code review and explain your code? That should go in the comments. If a method or subroutine is absolutely trivial then you say "This finds the average of the voltages across these four inputs". If, on the other hand, the routine is more complex, you have to describe the overall intent "this calculates the values of the missing pixels" and then dive within the module to explain some of the specific techniques being used "Polyphase FIR filter to interpolate image data for missing color samples" or "Bounds-limited adder to clip FIR filter data to legal image data range". In other words, you don't explain every line of code but rather functional chunks that make it easier to navigate it and understand what is being done at a macro level and why. Again, my peeve is with projects that have files upon files with not a single comment. I don't expect a book. Of course, variable names need to be really descriptive. And, no, they don't each need a comment. Here's an example, in a recent app I had to slice an image based on a given number of rows and columns. The variables were named: int image_rows; int image_columns; The actual code, with comment, went something like this: // These variables will determine how the image is sliced. // They are bounds-limited in code to max values imposed by hardware and // defined in configuration_settings.h int image_rows; int image_columns; A year from now I won't need to read far into the code to understand what they do. The very first thing you should do if you want to bolt-together your own hardware out of commodity devices is invest in static control technology. This is often not understood by those without experience in electronics manufacturing. Static electricity can cause damage to components that will not surface for months. Because of the nature of the mechanism it is almost impossible to know that static was the culprit when a motherboard, memory or drive fail. In our case, we, among other things, do a lot of hardware manufacturing (as in buy the chips and build our own boards). Because of this we invested in custom conductive flooring and everything else above the floor is also static-aware. For example, all rolling carts and shelves are wired with redundant contacts that touch the floor, thereby making a connection. The above is an extreme for the occasional builder. At a minimum you should setup a working environment that has a conductive surface like an static-dissipative mat and wear a conductive wrist strap connected to the mat as well. There are also ionizers and other tools that would be good investments. Handling components around server racks should never happen without regards for static electricity safety. The rack should be grounded and you should wear a conductive wrist strap connected to the rack. I'll bet that a lot of failures in consumer/commodity builds are due to this very issue and not necessarily connected to bad or questionable components. If you buy components built by reputable manufacturers they will have been manufactured in tightly controlled environments already. Don't break the reliability chain by handling these components in uncontrolled environments. Perhaps the part that you are not seeing is that if the poster truly cares about engaging with the community he or she cares about understanding why their post is being down-voted. A lot of topics usher-in fanboi downvoting which is petty and unfair. A down-vote with an explanation is good because it will keep the down-voter from impulsive action and create a better relationship overall. It is possible that the down-vote isn't appropriate, which could come out of a discussion stemming from the down-vote comment. HN could easily make down-voting comments a requirement and then add a simply feature by which down-vote comments are folded below the original post and not visible. You could then have a "view down-vote comments" link that would reveal that thread. In other words, keep them out of the main conversation so that they don't clutter things yet make them available for review by interested parties. With reservations --simply because I don't know their details-- I'll say that this is nothing new at all and it could be the makings of another case of patent abuse. Local changes to the magnetic field have been used for quite some time for purposes such as oil exploration. I remember talking to an old geologist/oil man about twenty years ago as he went about locating candidate areas to explore based on these fluctuations. He explained that they'd use magnetometers to map out underground "cracks", deposits and other features. To go from that from generating local location data by overlaying a map of some sort (whether it is a building or something else) is nothing less than trivial. If you have any experience sailing you may have also witnessed the effect of large sunken metallic objects on the compass. Again, you could "navigate" by these effects "Hey we must be passing over the SS-Sunken Ship". Gotta love patents. You need to think like an electron. Create conductive paths for static electricity everywhere you can. Tables, shelves, floors, racks, desks. The floor we have is specifically designed for clean rooms. As I understand it, it is epoxy mixed in with carbon to make it somewhat conductive. In order to install it they first clean and acid-wash the existing floor. They they scrape it to make it rough (to improve adhesion). Then they apply flat copper conductors crossing the room in various directions and generally ending near grounded wall outlets. Finally, they apply multiple coats of the conductive epoxy on top of the whole thing. The copper foil is longer than the width or length of the room. The excess is connected via a thick wire to the grounding circuit. The floor becomes the foundation upon which all else (in terms of static control) is built. This is really troubling and sickening. It's your property and you should be able to do as you please with it. What is the value of ownership if what you own is under government and HOA control? Disgusting. The fact that we allow government to get involved in our personal lives at this level should scare everyone. They are telling some of these people that they can't earn money to make-up for the fact that they fell upon hard times by using the one asset that they work so hard to acquire. You can't even rent your couch? This isn't right. As for the hotel industry. Well, offer a better product at good prices with exceptional service and you'll keep your customers. In other words: Compete. No disagreement with that at all. How does that relate to renting my couch or a room? > but I could use some help and advice as to how to resolve this matter This is bound to not be popular on HN, but, so be it. First bit of advice: Don't be such a dork. Respect others, their space and privacy. People don't want cameras pointed at them all the time. You might. I certainly don't. You can't just walk-up to people wearing a bunch of hardware and not expect a variety of reactions. If someone asks you to take it off and you can't, then you leave. You are the transgressor, not the people in front of you. Second bit of advice: Ask for permission when walking into a private establishment -like a restaurant- with such a rig. It isn't their job to accommodate every nutcase that comes through the door. You are not a nutcase, but your actions may have telegraphed otherwise. I would expect people to react very differently to an actual blind person wearing some hardware than an obviously sighted person under the same circumstances. There are also details that are not being revealed. Does he "scan" the place and do a bunch of stuff with the hardware when entering a new environment? I find it hard to believe that someone would outright attack him without prior motive. People just don't do that -not even in France- unless they are seriously provoked or are criminals. We know nothing about the interaction and actions of the cyborg propr to the "assault". Let's say he was "scanning" people at the restaurant and generally acting in an intrusive manner, well, that's just not acceptable behavior in most parts of the world. Finally, the las bit of advise might be: Be aware of cultural differences when traveling to other countries. While in Canada and parts of the US people might generally go out of their way to be polite, that is not the case around the globe. In some parts of the world you'll gen man-handled and even beaten-up if you act like an idiot and show a general lack of respect. Just because you think what you are doing is OK it doesn't mean that everyone around you agrees. Times do change. When I was in college I'd walk around with my HP calculator hanging off my belt. Outside of college I'd take it off. Today people walk around with computers in their pockets and little devices with blinking LED's in their ears all day long. That's just the way the world works. Be smart enough to use Aikido, not Karate. Finally: Get someone to help you with industrial design. When comparing the photos on the linked page, your rig looks intimidating, while the Google rig is almost invisible. Also, turn the damn thing off when dealing with people so your eye looks normal. I respect the work and dedication immensely, what I think is off-base here is the assumption that it is OK to stick a camera in everyone's face (or within a private establishment) without permission. If you decide to down-vote please have the courtesy to explain your reasons so that I and others might learn from contrasting points of view. I am not prejudiced at all. It's common sense. Also, why would I automatically have empathy for him when I don't know the whole story. What if he was a complete jerk? You don't know this and I certainly don't either so let's not take sides unless and until the facts are known. If he was, in fact, assaulted without any provocation whatsoever it was a criminal act that the law should deal with in the strongest possible manner. I am not disputing that and don't think anyone would. Why didn't he go to the police? I would physically go to the nearest police station and file an assault report. Do you really think French police would ignore him, particularly with evidence and witnesses? I think not. My post was about common sense and manners. "When in Rome", if you will. I did not place blame nor justify the destruction of property. It is purely your choice to read that into my post. PleAse don't put words in my mouth. If any of the post wasn't clear: I, nor anyone on HN unless you were there, know exactly what went on. Therefore it is impossible to take sides an feel empathy for him or justify the other party's actions. We just don't know enough, so let's not get overly polarized in one direction or another. My comments were more about how rude and unreasonable it might be to force yourself onto others or invade their privacy. If you want to walk around with a bunch of tech scanning everything around, you have to be respectful enough to ask permission. Prejudice? Where? There's a huge difference between prejudice and reality. The Dutch don't have protection from the mechanisms inside windmills. I've done windmill tours with my kids and you simply have to adjust to their reality (when in Rome). Some Americans think this is insane. We might want to have floor to ceiling barriers to prevent anyone from getting their hands into the gears. The Dutch probably think that we are an over-controlling sue-happy society. None of this is prejudiced. It's just the way it is. When in the Netherlands I behave with respect and consideration for their ways. The same is the case in the UK, France, Italy or Germany. I've spent a good deal of time in various places in Europe. I can say that we, Americans, can be total jerks and so can everyone else (except the Dutch, they are always nice). He goes from "we bought our food and sat down to eat it" to "this guy assaulted me". Really? Unless they have complete lunatics at that establishment I find that hard to believe. There's a large series of events before a non-criminal who isn't absolutely insane decides to attack you. I'd love to see the store's surveillance video and read their account before choosing sides. What evidence do you have that he did not provoke the incident? Don't be so quick to take sides. If you read my post carefully you'll notice that I did not blame him of the incident. How could I? Not one person reading this knows exactly what went on. People who jump at conclusions based on incomplete evidence scare me. My comments had to do with manners and common sense. Don't go around rigged like a Borg and expect everyone to accommodate your presence. Be humble and respectful of others and seek permission before invading their privacy. It's that simple. Not one person being "scanned" would know what the rig is for. It is the responsibility of the wearer to communicate this and ask permission when entering private spaces. A museum or a public place is a different story. If museum security has an issue then you either leave or take it off. Even in public there's the concept of decorum. Let's say you have a teenage daughter who is also attractive and some guy stars to follow you a few feet in fron while recording her on video. While probably legal in most parts of the world this behavior is almost guaranteed to cause the videographer a lot of trouble, and rightly so. Then there are other invasion-of-privacy type issues like people who choose to smoke in public. I recently had the experience of having dinner with my family in the outdoor dining area of a restaurant when a group of youngsters sat at the table next to us and started to smoke. They showed total disregard for the fact that we were being forced to inhale their smoke, even my young kids. We had been there for an hour, they just showed up and we were engulfed in a cloud of smoke. Legal? Yes? Incredibly rude and inconsiderate? Absolutely! It is really interesting how those with weak arguments and creative interpretations of what is written resort to personal attacks as their only remaining tool. I painted a hypothetical scenario where I clearly stated that you have someone a few feet away recording your daughter as you walk down the street. Nowhere in there did I say that I would personally resort to physical violence. I never have in my life. Why are you reading more into it than I have said? As for the "don't be a dork" bit of advice. I am a dork. Or so says my wife. I am a geek too. Now, the term "dork" can have many meanings. Between dorks it is a little different. When I am doing something stupid or overly geeky my wife will say "You are such a dork!". It is not a pejorative at all. It just means that you are being dumb in a geeky way. Case in point: We had a brush fire in a hill near our house. I took out my RC helicopter, strapped a camera and video transmitter to it and flew it up about 800 feet (not over the fire, people, property or near full scale aircraft) to get a view of what was going on. The fire captain even took advantage of what my video monitor was showing. At the end of that my wife said "You are such a dork!". And she was right. > I'm waiting for you to get to the part where this justifies physical assault. And you'll never see that. Again, it's interesting to see how some are choosing to read my comments as though I justify someone getting beaten-up. NOWHERE DO I SAY THAT. READ THE FUCKING POSTS AGAIN. I am talking about common sense and manners. This guy decided it was more important to wear all this shit on him while going on a vacation with his daughter? What the hell is wrong with HIM? Unless he is genuinely handicapped (which does not seem to be the case) he is just being an inconsiderate dork. If I go on vacation with my kids I go on vacation with my kids. I might bring some work with me, but it is always in the form of a laptop for coding that I'll only use when they've gone to sleep. I am there for the family and their experience, not to shove my dorky pursuits on their face 24-7. This isn't even about marginalized groups. IT IS ONLY YOU and others that are choosing to interpret the comments as such. Well, get over it, none of what I said has anything whatsoever to do with marginalized groups at all. It's about the potential of being a jerk by not being in touch with the incursions you might be making into other peoples spaces and privacy. That's all. > He said he did go to the police and they did in fact ignore him He said: "I also contacted the Embassy, Consulate, Police, etc., without much luck. " It very much sounds like he either did this after he got back or over the phone from the hotel. He did not GO TO THE POLICE. I would have gone to the nearest police station and planted myself in there. If this was as serious as it seems, that would be the only way to handle it. Also, it would be the best way to explain and show his rig to the police. By his account this was a serious incident and he had all the evidence and witnesses he needed. I would tell the family to go sight-seeing on their own and get my ass over to the nearest police station to deal with it. I am still waiting for someone to provide an account from a different perspective. Nobody has the full story. It's silly to defend him (or McD) without more data. I am certainly not doing so. I am pointing out that he, in isolation of this event, seems to be quite inconsiderate about forcing his rig onto people's spaces and invading their privacy. A few points: Do you have to resort to personal attacks? Really? Look/feel: If you are going to use intrusive tech in public you need to make the tech non-threatening. That's basic UI design. The Google device is easy to ignore. His rig is, well, look at the pictures. I also imagine it having a bunch of wires hanging off of it going to a backpack or something. If he was blind he'd probably have a cane (well recognized internationally) or it would be obvious through interaction. The people he interacted with, per his own account, had conversations with him, which certainly clarified that he was not impaired. It doesn't matter if he is a university professor or the pope. Both can behave as complete jerks and produce negative reactions on other people. Pedigree does not imply common sense. He should have GONE to the police immediately, not "contacted them" --whatever that means. The fact that the embassy, police and consulate seem to have ignored him is a very interesting bit of data. I don't know what it means. It's a father on vacation with his daughter being so inconsiderate as to not leave his crap at home in order to enjoy a vacation with his family. That alone paints a profile for me. Sorry. I could be completely wrong, but I would not do that to my kids. It takes a certain mentality to place your geeky needs above those of your kids for self-serving reasons. If my oldest son was going around Paris shoving cameras in people's faces in public or private spaces and got slapped around I'd tell him to not be an idiot next time. There is such a thing as behaving properly while in public and private. Some might disagree, but I've taught my kids to not be loud at restaurants, while I see others that don't care about the rest of the people dining and let their kids be loud and not allow the table next to them have a pleasant conversation. Being considerate is part of living in a pleasant society. Where did I say that the attack was justified? I only said that it is quite possible that he is being inconsiderate and inviting friction due to his insistence in forcing his tech upon everyone around him. What we don't know is what really happened between him and the staff other than his account of it. I very seriously doubt that someone resorted to physically attacking him out of nowhere (as he seems to present it) without some provocation. That is simply not the way people behave unless they are criminals. There had to be an exchange of some form between them that led to that happening. I can't even speculate as to what took place, but I'll place my bet on that he wasn't an angelical figure that simply got his food and sat down to eat and then, out of nowhere --as he implies-- got attacked. The French are not that crazy. According to this article the claimed thermal resistance is in the order of 0.4-0.2K cm2/W: http://news.softpedia.com/news/SONY-Demos-Best-Thermal-Pad-i... This is nothing new or earth-shattering as far as I am concerned. I've been using various thermal interface materials over the years for interfacing elements needing to be cooled to heat-sinks. These components range from MOSFETs to LEDs and FPGAs. You can easily achieve thermal resistance down to 0.11 K cm2/W with form-in-place sheets from companies such as Fujipoly: http://www.fujipoly.com/products/sarcon-thermal-management-c... In some cases the tradeoff is between high thermal conductivity and electrical conductivity. Where application requirements dictate that the thermal interface material (TIM) not conduct electricity (high-power LEDs typically have the thermal slug connected to the anode) you have to select TIMs that might not contain aluminum or other conductive compounds. In these cases you might take a thermal conductivity hit. That said, there are manufacturing techniques for such assembles that enable the use of electrically-conductive high-thermal-conductivity TIMs while greatly enhancing the thermal characteristics of the entire assembly. One that comes to mind is the use of aluminum-clad printed circuit boards as an intermediate step. EDIT: Used "thermal conductivity" when the numbers referred to "thermal resistance" You are right. I tend to think in terms of thermal conductivity, which is not the same as thermal resistance. Editing post to use proper terminology. > You are hardly in a position to talk. Anyway, the only 'personal attack' that I see is calling you a jerk - which seems to be rather an entirely accurate characterization. I did not attack you personally in any way. You have chosen to resort to name calling without justification. I'll let the reader decided where the ad-hominem originated, which is really obvious. I never once suggested that a physical attack was justified. You are choosing to read and extrapolate that out of my words. It's wrong, but you are free to use your imagination in any way you care to. Live long and prosper. I wouldn't have a problem with it. Then again, I am a techie. I'd probably strike-up a conversation and try to learn as much as I could. But I am not the general public and my guess is that most HN readers would have the same reaction. The general public might react differently. There are people who are actively fearful of being on Facebook. I know people who have taken down their entire Facebook photo set because of the potential to be connected through the friend-of-friends mechanism. There are also people who view and value their privacy at different levels. I believe that in France there are laws about publishing someone's images without their permission. This means that, if you presume that someone might take a picture with you in it and then post it to Facebook they could be doing something that you don't want to have happen and that happens to be illegal in France. Splitting hairs to some and a very serious matter to others. Private establishments might have a responsibility to their customers to provide a certain type of an environment. I don't know French law, maybe there's something there. Whatever the case may be, they have the right to create whatever standard they deem necessary within their property (so long as it is legal). For example, you can't walk into a theater and video record the screen. For the numskulls who always choose to read their own fantasy into posts: None of the above means that violence is justified without provocation. It takes two to tango and it should also take two for an encounter to turn into a physical altercation. This is more of a general thought rather than a specific comment on the article. It occurred to me that other day that one of the best things Apple could do for both developers and end-users is to do away with the whole business of "Lite" apps. What I mean by this is that iOS users should be able to download and use any app prior to purchasing it. The developer would determine the trial period. The developer would also decide if you get to try it on both an iPhone and an iPad or if you just get to check it out on a single device. The OS would enforce the mechanism and keep everyone honest. Once the trial period expires you have to pay for the app or it auto-removes itself. Of course, you can always go back to the app store and purchase the app to get it back. What I would hope this might do is create a situation where one could price apps at a higher level right from the start. There are lots of apps that are not even worth $0.99. I've certainly purchased a number of them. At the same time, there are apps that are grossly under-priced. The problem is that it is tough to get people to spend money on some of these apps, particularly if they've been burned by paid apps that are crappy. An OS-enforced trial-period mechanism might allow developers to do quality apps and charge accordingly. It would also allow users to really explore and find exactly what they want without having to waste money. Having said that, my gut feeling is that Apple makes a ton of money from crap apps that go for $0.99. People buy them to try them out and, because they are cheap, don't really get too worked-up about them afterwards. If I read them correctly the whole business of deciding if something is obvious is seriously broken in that it seems to be limited to combining claims from existing patents. This, of course, isn't even close to what "obvious" means to those "skilled in the art". I, like many others, have run across so many patents that should not have been issued at all. This isn't limited to software. There are examples across disciplines, like the guy who got a patent for running wires inside clothing to connect devices or the company that got several patents on using pulse-width-modulation to control the intensity of LEDs to mix colors or most software patents. In hardware I have seen lots of patents that cover the exact same thing. I have seen patents for things that don't work. And, patents for things that I knew had been available or done prior to the filing date. I call these "implementation" patents rather than true inventions. The term refers to the fact that a modern skilled engineer or team of engineers would be more than capable of coming up with that or a myriad of other implementations when given a problem to be solved. That's what engineering is all about. Many engineers across time and distance are able to solve similar problems and end-up with similar solutions. This is what we are trained to do. This is also the part of the human and other animals: the use of our brains to solve problems. It seems that the patent system ought to be reformed in such a way that the rules recognize who we are, what we are taught, what we do, what we are capable of and, in general, the fact of knowledge acceleration. Today it should be exceedingly hard to receive a patent on just about anything. Patents should be reserved for true invention and not implementation. Today's environment is such that there's so much distributed knowledge across so many disciplines that most "inventions" that are patented are really cases of someone choosing a solution to a problem (not inventing one) and then hiring an attorney to try and monopolize it. Case in point: The Apple "slide to unlock" patent. Someone chose that solution from available knowledge. No sane person would suggest that this qualifies as an invention by any possible imaginative stretch. This was a UI decision that the lawyers at Apple got a patent for. They got a patent for, effectively, the analog of a mechanical slide switch made to look nice, nothing less. Not an invention, but they have a patent to say otherwise. I am not against patents. I am against the granting of patents for non-inventions. Today the granting of a patent should almost be so rare as to make national news. Just a few per year. In fact, they should be rarer and rarer with time, to the point that those granted the few patents that should make it through the system per year would be invited to the White House to receive a Presidential Innovation award or some such thing. It only stands to reason that, as technology advances, there will be less and less true inventions per year. Part of the problem was alluded to on the reddit thread: the USPTO makes money and Washington takes it away. Fix that and you might just fix the system. Maybe the patent review process should be open to anyone. Yes, your competitors, anywhere in the world, get to examine and weigh-in. If an invention passes such a test it is probably deserving of a monopoly for twenty years. This also means that someone will really think hard before spilling all the beans in front of the entire world. Only a true invention, where other engineers go "This guy deserves a patent for this!" should be granted patents. And rightly so. Let's stop for a moment boys and girls to fix one recurring theme in some of these blog posts and discussions: You are not supposed to be able to patent ideas. There's a reduction to practice requirement. Sadly, I must say that there are tons of patents out there that are nothing more than ideas or concepts turned into patents. I've run into lots of them in the hundreds of patents I must have read over the years. They fact that they are or were mere ideas becomes a glaring reality when you look into actually implementing the patent and discover that nothing works as advertised. This is another sad failing of the USPTO: While the rules of the game say that ideas are not patentable, in reality, they are. So, yes, I contradict my first statement. I still prefer to speak with more precision when it comes to patents and not say things like "patent you idea" or "people like to file patents to protect their ideas". You are not supposed to be able to do that. Here are a couple of legal questions (not taking sides, just honest questions): Does the data belong to Craigslist or to those posting on Craigslist? If so, is this in their TOS? I don't remember ever clicking a checkbox that says "we own your listing" whenever I have sold stuff on Craigslist or posted jobs/gigs. Maybe real estate is different. Why would I want to give Craigslist ownership of my listing? If I were posting a property for rent I would probably want other services to pick-up the listing. Similarly, why do they own the Copyright on something I have written? Again, I don't remember ever giving that away either. ...until Google algos shut down your account; now you loose gmail, docs, drive, etc., etc., etc., and fiber. OK, I am kidding to some extent. Maybe not. I'd sure like to see them move in a direction that assures users that all services will not be cutoff without recourse for unknown algo violations. There's a huge difference here between Mom, Dad and Uncle Fester using a computer and professional or business users. The first set of users can be either lazy or oblivious to the idea of organizing their data --directories or databases, it doesn't matter. It's a pile-o-stuff and they really don't think far beyond that. For this class of users making it super-simple is a good idea. You sort of have to protect them from themselves. I know doctors who have absolutely no clue as to where their stuff is stored and have zero interest in investing fifteen minutes to learn the basics of directory structures and file management. Zero. The second set of users, the pro's and business users --to generalize-- are a different story. Take the case of a company that designs physical products. Each project is likely to live inside a directory structure segregating and organizing areas or work such as: mechanical design, schematic, pcb layout, bill of materials, design calculations, documentation, embedded firmware, FPGA code, cost calculations, marketing materials, packaging design, manufacturing, specifications, etc. In turn, each of these categories will rightly have its own subdirectory structures when and where it makes sense. The above per-product directory structure is also likely to be completely replicated as product releases and revisions require. Not everything can be handled by Git-type version control systems. In fact, in product design there are very good arguments for complete design duplication during iterations or to mark release (as shipped) configurations. Different subject. This second use case cannot be served well with the iOS app-centric sand-boxed model. A product directory structure with thousands of files can have a number of applications access these files. There will not be a one-to-one correlation between applications and a lot of the files in the design. Similar use cases can be found in other businesses where the end-product might not be a physical product design. Research projects, financial reports, publications and other work product is likely to require a number of different file types that may or may not come together to form a single deliverable. Again, the iOS sand-boxed model fails to support this use case because it forces a per-file-type or per-application separation of files and does not permit or provide the ability to organize disparate file types into projects according to context. Put another way: If you are Lockheed you don't want the F-16 and F-117 mechanical design files mashed together into one folder simply because the same CAD system is used to open then. You want them to live within their corresponding project stores and within a sensible directory structure that organizes work according to relevant criteria. For example, the wing mechanical design directory might also contain a set of directories with aerodynamics data whereas the mechanical design directory for the seat has not need for such data. I see that the Windows approach seems to work well for the first type of user. If applications use it correctly (some don't) everything gets dumped into "My Documents" and other predefined folders. Users would occasionally add sub-folders of their own. The second set of users generally has the presence of mind and knowledge to "roll their own". Using my own patterns as an example, I don't think I own a single computer (Mac or PC) that does not have a separate "Data" drive where projects are stored within their own directory structures and according to their own needs. There's another twist to this, which is a far less common use case: I happen to run more than one business. There's zero justification for my Photoshop files from business #1 to be stored in the same location as those of business #2 on the same computer. Each business has its own root directory from which to organize the corresponding files. From the article: The U.S. government, including ARPA, NSF, DOE, NASA among others absolutely facilitated, underwrote, and pioneered the development of the Internet. The private sector engaged around 12 years into the program (about 1984-85) and was very much involved in powering the spread of the system. But none of this would have happened without this research support. I have great faith in the human ability to trench forward and evolve solutions to problems as well as innovate. This also leads to a belief that if person A does not invent or discover something then B, or C, or D eventually will invent or discover that same thing. Proof of this exists across many fields where nearly simultaneous discoveries or developments happened across the globe (powered flight?). It is clear that the interconnected network of computers that ultimately became the consumer Internet had its roots in a number of government-sponsored programs. At the same time, interconnected networks of USERS had already existed for quite some time. Examples of this were Compuserve and AOL, the myriad of BBS providers across the world and services like Minitel in France. It was this existing audience that provided the early adopters that made the Internet take off as a commercial product. Government couldn't have done that. More to the point: The US Government couldn't have made the Internet a commercial success available in every home and every city of the world. It was entrepreneurial drive across the globe that made this happen. If the US Government had kept control of it all it would have remained at a level and a scale not useful to anyone but a few literally well-connected sites. So, yes, kudos for letting go. Here's a perfect example of government getting the hell out of the way to see private enterprise take something well beyond anyone's imagination. I wish they'd do that with a myriad of other areas that government touches that would do far better in private hands. The Internet is a massive example of why government should not be involved in our activities beyond a very basic level. We can do a far better job. Getting back to the invention and discovery issue. I have no doubt that the Internet would have been developed privately if the government had not had any involvement whatsoever. It would have been different, or not, but the human drive to innovate and invent coupled with the equally powerful drive to connect, share and explore would have made it happen. It really isn't too far of a stretch to see that BBS systems would have sought to create more efficient and scalable topologies to reach and service more people. And, as computers and technology evolved this would have pushed the need for speed in order to provide media services. IPS has been around for a long, long time. Pricing might be a reflection of many things. Bad or questionable panels are one potential example. Another might be an EOL panel or monitor (End Of Life). Translation: They are not made or supported any more. It can also be an old model. I spent some time in the LCD OEM business. The simplest way I can put it is that the major LCD module providers defecate all over LCD monitor manufacturers. Their defecate takes the form or panels that sometimes are good and other times are bad. Sometimes the bad is obvious (remember the purple aluminum Apple Cinema Displays?). Sometimes it isn't (reliability issues, pixel issues, etc. The panel makers also pull stuff like discontinuing panels seemingly overnight and changing specifications on you without notice. We saw a case where the manufacturer changed the logic power supply specification for a panel from 12V to 5V and didn't bother to tell anyone. They shipped us new panels. Monitors started to blow-up during testing. I mean, smoke coming out of them. It wasn't until we burned-up the equivalent of a small BMW (or two) of OEM LCD panels that we came to the realization that the manufacturer had caused this issue. All we got was a new data-sheet out of them. It's a rough business to be in. Ugly as can be. The sheer size of the providers and sole-source nature of the products create a situation where, for the most part, these companies are above the law (don't ask me how I know this) and can fuck with you --the monitor manufacturer-- to no end. The only companies that don't get screwed with as much are the large players like the HP, Dell and Apple's of the industry. IPS panels of very high resolution have been around for quite some time. Probably the most famous of these was the IBM-originated quad-HD 3840 x 2160 22 inch panel. Memory fails but I'll say that this panel goes back at least fifteen years. OEM cost started out around $20K and dropped to about $6K with time. My concern with these 27 inch monitors would be about the unknowns. They could be just fine. But they could also not be OK in a million ways. Did they, for example, not make it to US and European shores because they did not pass safety tests? I don't know. No amount of money will compel me to, quite literally, play with fire. Do they have system-level premature failure modes such as questionable power supplies or the like? Don't know. Or how about panel-level issues, such as high failure rates or deterioration with time, temperature, etc. Buy them if you must, but be very aware of what you are not buying. I, as an example, would not leave these things plugged in and unattended. I'd plug them all into a power strip and switch them off every time I leave the room for more than thirty minutes. While I am not saying that a fire is the unavoidable consequence of paying so little for them I am proposing that, sometimes, when thing are too good to be true there's a reason for that. The panel itself could be exactly the same part number that Dell and other use. This does not mean at all that it is the same quality or specification panel delivered to the large manufacturers at all. These could be substandard in a lot of ways, some obvious, some not so. That said, they could be perfectly good too. Your guess is as good as mine. Right. The Germans and Japanese are trenching new territory applying innovating construction technologies. Here in the US we will fail to even attempt to launch anything even remotely close to this because unions will raise hell and they'll get politicians to protect their ridiculously expensive jobs. Of course, private industry unions will be joined by government worker unions who will vie for their portion of the "screw the American people" fund and the rest will be history. Just ask Boeing how painful it is to actually clash with these forces. I was secretly hoping that they'd say "fuck it, we are moving all of our operations to Canada" or some such thing. Only something of that scale will finally send the message to washington and our voters that unions need to go the way of the dodo bird as fast as we can possibly make it happen. Free market innovation rocks. Anything else is a straight road to third world nation status. Another fine example of an IMPLEMENTATION, not an INVENTION that should not receive any patents whatsoever. Good work, of course, but, if you tasked any capable team of engineers to build a DC brushless motor as a retrofit into a car wheel this is what you would get. In fact, there are thousands of teams all over the world that could do this inside of six to twelve months with equal results. > Wow. Bit of an anti-union, anti-government agenda there? Absolutely. They are both responsible for a lot of what ails us today in the US. Government is incompetent and is only concerned with remaining in power through selling out to special interests. Unions are massively destructive of industries through, effectively, extorting pay and benefits that ultimately kill the goose. Check out what is going on in California with cities filing bankruptcy to a large extent due to ridiculous union worker pensions. No business person would pay any worker 70, 80 or 90% of their annual pay for life unless: a) union extortion by force of strikes and other activities or; b) government stuffing their own pockets and pandering to private and government unions by granting contracts, pay and benefits to government union workers that make no arithmetic sense in any universe. I have seen massive solar projects done in my town. The costs are staggering. The labor is fully unionized. The money is handed down purely through political party channels. The panels are all Chinese (so the "American Reinvestment Act" is really a "Let's shovel money to China Act". These projects are luxurious beyond belief. A couple of them covered entire school parking lots with solar cells. Another entailed the same sort of thing with the addition of refurbishing and redoing the entire electrical system of the attached government building where, maybe, two hundred people work. This building was brand-new before they started. They shoveled money into it and created something that no private enterprise would even consider building due to the, again, basic arithmetic or the deal: There is no possible way to recover the investment in our lifetime. If going construction / T.I. costs are in the order of $200 per square foot, these people (our government) probably spent $1,000 per square foot on this one project. This is down-right criminal. They work and behave a lot differently than they do here. Government projects. Yes, but our unions are particularly good at not working towards the overall benefit of the ecosystem. All they want to do is take-take-take and screw everyone else. Just look at the number of cities in Californian that are caving-in under the pressure of the ridiculous pensions unions have managed to extort out of the idiots running the show. No agenda. Just sharing some experience, which, among other things, includes about fifteen years designing and manufacturing high-performance, high-reliability display systems for demanding applications; from military to industrial. Hardware, software, mechanical, etc. I have personally bought hundreds of thousands of dollars of shit panels from LG and Samsung and others. Not third hand or gray market, but through official and approved distribution channels in the US. The LCD business is surreal. It is nasty as can be. Most people don't know this and don't believe it until they are inside the beast for a while. I know of one company who got sued by the US government to the tune of millions of dollars for not delivering on a contract to buy a number of custom monitors. Why couldn't they deliver? Because the panel manufacturer decided to discontinue the panel they were using without any advance notice. And, because most of these panels are single-source, the aforementioned company was royally fucked. They, quite literally, had their product evaporate into thin air. They could not build them to save their lives. I don't know how the ordeal ended. We, at the time, got hit with the same issue but were lucky enough to "only" have burned about $800K developing a product around the newly obsolete panels. We had to spend another half a million to design a new product around a new panel. Brutal. This is one of the reasons I am glad I moved into the software business and left hardware behind. As for the implied quality because Apple is using the panel. All I can say is I am laughing so hard my head hurts. As I mentioned in my post, there are various grades of panels. What Apple specifies, buys and accepts could be miles away from what manufacturer B is receiving, even if they use the same part number to order them. Even Apple gets shit panels from LG. The original aluminum 23 inch Cinema Display had a horrible purple/magenta shift problem and some had a band of discoloration along the top --both due to the LG panel. Just Google it. I bought some of these LG panels at the time. Same exact part number Apple was using. Exactly the same panel, right? Nope. I got a batch where more than half the panels went purple within about six months or less. I figured we burned $250K on bad panels on that one. And, what's worst, you have absolutely no recourse with the panel manufacturers. The OEM business is very different from buying a monitor at Best Buy. Once we cracked-open the factory packaging (bag/box) the warranty evaporated very, very quickly, thirty to ninety days, if you were lucky. Most stuff is sold "NCNR" (Non Cancelable - Non Returnable). Translation: It's yours. The idea that the same part number equates to the same quality and results doesn't necessarily hold water. It's akin to the idea that all models of the same car are just as good as the best one they ever built. There is such a thing as good and bad versions of that same exact car, lemons, if you will. Saying "hey, I bought the same car my neighbor bought" doesn't guarantee that it'll be just as good or as bad as hers. Don't fall into the trap of believing that because Apple (or whoever) uses a certain panel or part then all instances of that panel or part must be good. That could not be farther from the truth. With regards to the cheap 27 inch monitors, do as you wish. It's your money. I am merely pointing out that things are not always as good as they seem. Other than that, I don't care if you or anyone else buys them. I am no-longer in that business and I am glad. Software is sooooo much easier than hardware. Yes, you are right. I forgot. It was four 1920 x 1200 sections, hence 3840 x 2400. It required four DVI connections. My feeling was always that it was just too small to really take advantage of the resolution. Later on AUO (or was it CMO, don't remember) came out with a 55in 3840 x 2400 panel that was really interesting. Expensive. It is a common misconception that DVI is limited to 1080p. The standard provides a budget of 165 million pixels per second, shared between active image, blanking and frame rate. It's easy math to figure out how far it can go based on a given frame rate and percentages of non-image time. I remember doing the math years ago and the results were well beyond 1080p. I don't know the Toshiba DVI->LVDS converter you are referring to. I have personally designed a couple of them and they have non such limitations. Frankly, I don't know why he even bothered to respond. What KA is doing might not be perfect but it is one serious attempt to move education forward in some form. They deserve nothing less than admiration and support. I am sure that they welcome and encourage constructive criticism. Aside from that, the only way the "(highly unionized) teachers do it better" argument can hold water is if the (highly unionized) teachers start producing students that actually place in a reasonable range in international comparisons. You can't buy panels from "Apple's supply" any more than you can buy bread from the shipment slotted to go to you local Walmart. Apple, Dell, HP and other large companies sign contracts for sizable deliveries of these components. In some cases the panels are made exclusively for a specific manufacturer (and corresponding product). And, in these cases, it is very common to have a contractual restriction on the availability of the panel in question for general use. In other words, I could not buy a single panel for a year (or more). Once the panels are release for sale to non-contract parties (generally industrial users or other OEMs) the manufacturer will make it available to distribution, book orders and schedule manufacturing accordingly. Lead times run anywhere from 12 to 20+ weeks depending on the panel and other factors. Some B-grade (and below) panels are immediately available (manufacturers love to unload these rather than take the loss). A-grade panels go through the standard manufacturing process and, well, you get yours when they are ready. They don't cut into Apple's supply to sell some to Joe-Blow-Monitor manufacturer. It sounds like people are somewhat confused and concluding that because the panel had the same part number as the one used by Apple they "came directly from Apple's supply". The only way that can happen is if Apple discontinues the product in question and there's an overstock of panels that the manufacturer needs to unload or; Apple rejects a pile of panels and, again, the manufacturer is very happy to unload them on the unsuspecting masses. Other than that, the fact that the panels have the same part number does not mean that they "came directly from Apple's supply". Well, companies such as Google need to start buying broadcast rights and put it all on the 'net. I am sure they can make far more money online than NBC ever pulls out of their advertisers. For one thing, these days lots of people DVR shows not just for convenience but to skip the commercials. I sure do. I'd rather watch something 30 to 45 minutes after the fact than have to endure the obtrusive commercials. Far more convenient. Better quality. I get to watch what I want vs. egocentric American coverage. I get to watch it on my schedule. I get to watch it on different devices. I can even watch it on the road or while camping. I'd probably even get to watch it in different languages (granted, not so applicable to the London event) The ads might even be relevant. And, in general, I prefer to support 'net-based entertainment vs. broadcast because, well, they suck. There are probably more reasons beyond these. > Believe it or not, the mainstream American audience wants to see egocentric American coverage - they enjoy it. Probably true. I hate it. Don't get me wrong, I love to see how our athletes are doing. I simply don't enjoy the cultural isolation and exclusionist coverage that our media pushes on us. Here's an opportunity to learn about others and we get fed a typical short-attention-span American egocentric media diet. This becomes very evident once you travel around the world, look back at the US and make some comparisons. When it comes to the Olympics, World Cup or other events it is also particularly bothersome because the US is made-up of hundreds of cultures that have come together to adopt this nation. This does not mean that Afgani-Americans or Chilean-Americans don't not want to see how the teams or athletes from their native soil are doing. Events like the Olympic Games are opportunities to honor the many cultures that form this nation by, at the very least, providing reasonable exposure to their athletes and stories as well. This is where online coverage could be so far ahead of typical network stuff. You get to watch what you want. Another thing that doesn't sit will with me is when accident reports go something like "139 people, three Americans". OK, I get it, you are trying to tell our country that three of ours got lost in the accident. However, for some reason, these reports always sound like they don't respect the rest of those lost in the accident. I surely can't be the only one who feels this way. Finally, why are NFL or NBA teams "World Champions" when the competition is national? Commercials are not a problem at all with a DVR. You'd be surprised how good you get at skipping them. If you have kids you hand them the remote control and it happens "automatically". Where was I talking about an attack? I have a qualifying satellite TV package and that is also broken. I related my experience this morning here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4305905 NBC ought to be ashamed. Their online offering is pure crap. Well, my opinion is that the IOC and broadcasters like NBC are being held back by ideas from the last century. They are using the Internet as another broadcasting method and ignoring the potential it offers. At a very basic level, they could offer live streaming of all events --advertising free-- for a fee. I would gladly pay, say, US $100 for this service. Some might only be interested in a subset of events, which means that there's a possibility to create tiers and capture revenue at various levels. Here in the US, as has been discussed in this and other threads, NBC has royally fucked up things beyond all recognition. I finally broke down and downloaded their app. It's shit. The ads are intrusive TV-style ads. What's worst, they have some sort of a bug somewhere that is causing videos to end prematurely. As and example, I tried watching Archery, Judo and Taekwondo pre-recorded events (not live). One of them was supposed to be a five hour event. We watched about fifteen minutes and the stream stopped with a message that read something akin to "This video has ended". There was no way to watch it beyond that point. It literally stopped in the middle of the action. The other moronic thing is the way the video ads are inserted. They seem to be using a simple timer to determine when to run a video ad. This means that they'll interrupt your viewing in the middle of a match --just as someone is throwing a kick-- to run a stupid ad. Unbelievable. I am hoping that there's widespread dissatisfaction with this and that the next Olympics, World Cup, etc. see a massive change. I'd really like to see a true Internet company get the rights and do it right. The IOC could make far more than what NBC and others are paying for these events by having a single-point internationally-friendly Internet strategy rather than old-school per country/region licensing. Finally, a note to NBC advertisers: I am NOT watching your ads. Stop paying NBC! We DVR the coverage and are masterfully skilled at fast-forwarding through your commercials. When I am watching gymnastics I could not care less about your movie or your insurance offering. So, stop supporting broadcasters, you are wasting your money in a monumental way. A language like APL has made work of this kind far simpler for quite some time. I was doing basic fluid simulation work and planetary/orbital calculation with APL at least 15 years ago. Starting from something like raw C or C++ means that the ability to express problems at this level of complexity is impossible without first writing a library to create the "words" and "verbs" you'll need. Then it's a piece of cake. A language like APL gets you to a much more expressive level right away. Exploring more complex problems from that vantage point is far simpler (and a lot more fun in my opinion). I guess a more general question might be: I marketing on Facebook proving to be worthwhile? We are just finishing a new iOS app. It will be the first one in our catalog with a "Like us on Facebook" feature. I am skeptical about the value of this feature. Not sure it'll convert at all. Asked a bunch of people who use FB on a daily basis and most told me that they pay zero attention to ads or "likes". Not sure. There's another element that hasn't been covered in this discussion. I've you've been out of school for more than, say, five years, it is quite possible that quite a bit of what was taught and covered in college is outdated in today's marketplace. That's certainly the case if you go further back, say, ten or fifteen years. Under that scenario, you definitely want people who are very comfortable shifting gears and learning on their own. I can safely say that virtually none of what I do today I learned in college. The basics, yes, but not the specifics. The languages are different, the technology is different, the patterns are different, project management is different, etc. I have worked with a lot of people without degrees doing work at fairly high levels. In my experience, this seems to be a category that self-selects based on real-world competence. Some have been absolutely brilliant. I have seen people without degrees dig into new subjects with an intensity that cannot be taught or trained. I have also seen people with degrees get flustered and give-up or fail to perform despite their years of formal schooling. I have hired folks with degrees that have been a complete waste of time. I do understand the need for an easy filter. This is particularly the case at larger companies where it is very, very hard to be open to anything outside the norm. It can take a lot of work to hire someone without a degree. And, yes, it can be risky. At the same time, I've found that most people without a degree are very confident and sure of themselves and are more than willing to prove their knowledge and worth. I have met people with degrees who got offended when challenged. It goes both ways. There's also the issue of how and why someone went into college. There's a huge variance here. In my own example, I had been doing electronics as a hobby, building all kinds of analog and digital circuits, and even wire-wrapping my own microprocessor boards way before I hit college. In sharp contrast to this, once in college, I met a lot of people who had never touched a soldering iron yet somehow decided to go into electrical engineering. You could tell the difference between hackers and students. Those of us who had been hacking the stuff for years before college had a very different understanding and attitude about things. The kind of thing that connects calculus class with physics lab in your mind instantly whereas others are just good test takers. If you get a no-degree hacker or interrupted-degree hacker --and they are good-- you are likely to have someone who has far more understanding, drive an passion than someone who just up-and-went to engineering school one day without having had skin in the game prior to that. I personally don't place a degree at the top of my list. I've been burned by that before. I take the time to really get to know the person as much as possible. Hiring is expensive and should be viewed as a long-term investment. If someone is going to be with you for a few years it is quite possible that during that time there will be needs to shift gears and adopt new technologies, frameworks, etc. Among other things, I need to know that anyone I hire can roll with the punches and actually welcome these kinds of challenges with open arms. One of my worst hires: MSEE, worked at Intel for several years. I needed him to design high-speed signal processing boards (FPGA, signal integrity, transmission lines, controlled impedance, GHz+ range). He failed miserably. It was obvious that he did not full understand the subject beyond basic book level. He finally admitted that most of his focus at Intel was in switch-mode power-supply work but he really wanted to get the job. I shifted him over to designing power management electronics and he did OK. Just OK. What I learned from this is the opposite of the article in many ways. He was truthful about the degree and had impressive looking work credentials, but he bent the experience line enough to land the job. I should have done a white-board test on him but, hell, he had a Masters, right? I was glad to see him go about a year later. My junior engineers could do better power management design work than he did. The other element here was what I call "big company syndrome". Large companies tend to have a lot of segmentation. Engineers can focus in one area and only that area and rely on other team members to carry the rest of the weight (and understanding) of the other areas of knowledge. In smaller companies you have to be more of a generalist. The problem with the hyper-specialist is exactly that. In some cases they have no clue of anything beyond their little sandbox. This is bad. And this was the case with my worst hire. He had been one of several hundred (or thousand?) engineers at Intel and could only see one small sliver of the entire universe. He had no reason nor the drive to dive into other areas and learn them on his own. That's why he failed to make a shift into another, larger, ecosystem. He left to grab a Director of Engineering job at a hardware startup. I knew that he was not even close to being qualified for that job, but he somehow managed to sell himself. Three months later he was calling me to see if I had any contract work I could throw his way. I said "quite a bit" not "all". I need to qualify this a little better because it sounds like I am saying "no college" is good. That's not the case. I would not hire someone who's only finished high-school and had zero college work. The only way I could possibly do this if their verifiable work was so outstanding that there was no doubt they could perform. I want to see basics such as college-level math, calculus, physics and, ideally some CS course work. If they dropped out after that and the work history and relevant knowledge checks out I would not hold being a college dropout against them. Very few people can get a solid education by themselves just out of high-school without being exposed to college-level work. I know people without any degrees that have more college units than most people with two degrees. They are simply perennial self-driven students and have not interest in degrees but rather, knowledge. Admirable, if you can do it. I've been using Outlook by choice, well, forever. I won't bother listing all the reasons for this. It's powerful and it works well. And, if you are a programmer, you can go to town writing your own customizations with VBA. I use Yahoo Mail online for most of my personal stuff. Out of all the online email offerings out there I have found it to be the most "polished" (if I can use that term) and outlook-like. I tried Gmail a couple of years back and just didn't do it for me. As an example, the lack of a real time preview pane was a huge deal breaker for me. Both Outlook and Yahoo Mail have this. Maybe Gmail has this now, I don't know. The other thing about Gmail that scared the crap out of me was to watch as one of our clients had their Gmail account evaporate because their AdSense account got shut down. They were new to the platform and made a couple of dumb and innocent mistakes off the line. Google bots summarily shut-down the account with no recourse or anyone to contact. As their account got suspended so went Gmail. I'll let you venture a guess as to whether or not these people are using any Google products now. Here's a feature I wish email clients would implement: Tabbed accounts. I run more than one company and regularly monitor a dozen email accounts. Outlook and Yahoo Mail allow you to setup rules to deliver email from specific accounts into designated folders. With Outlook you can also choose to store the email in separate files. That's all well and fine, but the whole thing has the risk of becoming cluttered and difficult to use after a while. There's an Outlook hack that allows you to launch multiple Outlook instances. This works very well as I can launch one instance that opens the email addresses corresponding to one business and another instance with a separate business. Having multiple monitors makes this even handier. What would be even better is if I could do the same thing with tabs. I want one tab per business --or a user-designated category. Each tab would receive and send email from one or many email addresses. They would all be independent while having relevant sharing capabilities (copy and past, drag and drop, etc.). It's about context switching. With something like that I could have a single email client handle all of my business email as well as personal within one application window. That would be slick. Gmail might warrant a second look. I have not touched it in more than two years. Yahoo Mail is good enough for me to pay for their enhanced service, Google would have to offer something better. I don't think I said that I mix personal and business email in one window. Yes, that is a disaster waiting to happen. No, the idea is to have tabs that you can organize based on the context you need. One tab would be personal. Another might emails from one business. The other might be setup for the other. I wear a couple of hats, so, for example, I'd love to have a tab that's just "Business #1 Engineering" and a separate tab that's "Business #1 Business" and keep those "personalities" separate. My engineering email address is different from my business email address as I've found that this keeps the individual mailboxes cleaner overall. Just my preference. Doesn't make it right. I also have hundreds or rules and lots of VBA code in Outlook making sense out of the whole mess. I wouldn't have been able to do what I've been doing over the last fifteen years without the level of programming and manipulation available in Outlook. Here are my notes on that (I'm running Vista 64 Ultimate): RUNNING MULTIPLE INSTANCES OF OUTLOOK Download and install "ExtraOutlook.exe" from: http://www.hammerofgod.com/download/ExtraOutlook.zip Copy the executable to the folder where outlook lives. In the current case that means: C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Office\Office12\ Create a profile for each separate instance of Outlook we want to run: To create and manage profiles in Vista 64 go to Control Panel > View 32-bit Control Panel Items > Mail > Show Profiles Create or modify the Outlook shortcut on the desktop to access the desired profile: Profile 1: "C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Office\Office12\ExtraOutlook.exe" "C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Office\Office12\OUTLOOK.EXE" /profile "Profile 1" Make a duplicate copy and then... Profile 2: "C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Office\Office12\ExtraOutlook.exe" "C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Office\Office12\OUTLOOK.EXE" /profile "Profile 2" Now two instances of Outlook can be opened and each is independently accessing the corresponding profile's data. I go through the extra effort of assigning a different icon to each account and placing them on the quick-launch toolbar. I've been doing this for about two years and it works great. No issues whatsoever. I can't believe MS doesn't implement MDI in Outlook so that one can do this using tabs and a single instance. Here's my story: Three (or was it four?) day non-stop coding stint to get a robot ready for a conference. No sleep at all. Almost non-stop coding and the usual coffee+sugar+pizza binge. Got on a plane to go to the conference and continued coding in flight. Got to the hotel, checked in and decided to get some sleep. I woke up about three or four hours later. I started to hear a nearly perfect 1KHz tone as my field of view slowly (30 sec?) faded to full bright white. By this time I was sitting on the bathroom floor: I could only hear this tone and all I saw was a bright white light. Somehow I kept my cool and could, also somehow, navigate the room. Over the following few minutes the tone started to go away and my field of view returned to normal. Freaked the crap out of me. No permanent damage that I could identify. Now I keep my overnighters to just one night, only if there's absolutely not choice at all. No, I've never seen that. I'm running Office 2007. Well, there's the part about not being able to see and hear. I was exhausted and most-definitely not thinking straight. I pretty much collapsed into bed and probably slept ten hours. I woke up feeling just fine and just in time to present my paper. I was younger and definitely stupider. No, I didn't go to the doctor. Dumb. Lived to tell about. For all I know this was a mini-stroke of sorts. I wish I had gone to the doctor but I was younger and much stupider than I am today. After I regained my senses (meaning sensory abilities) I slept and woke up on time to present my paper. Years later my though is always the same: What a dumb-shit! Things you do when you are young and stupid. One small step for man... The next would be to somehow abolish the per-device data fee structure. We have seven iOS devices. Only three are actively online. Even at that, when at home, office or near wifi cellular data does not get used much if a all. Still, we have to pay 3x the cellular data monthly fee, which is insanity. I do understand the technical and business issues here, but this cuts both ways: I know that we are not using these connections anywhere near capacity. And, I also know that ATT is double charging us because our DSL services (office and home) are with them...yet we don't get a discount when the iOS devices use the network for data as opposed to cellular. In other words, they get to charge us for something that we don't use or, seen another way, we pay twice for the same data capacity. Not sure what the solution might look like, but today's plans are starting to smell bad. Probably a cool way to learn and apply Python too. I am having trouble finding where in my post I said anything about using a service to saturation. Not that the cable TV analogy holds up. If you are using an iOS device to download a 100MB game app over WiFi via AT&T DSL --that you pay for-- while, at the same time paying for a cellular data plan, AT&T is making making more money on you because their cellular data bandwidth is not being utilized by they still charge you. I would venture to say that most iOS devices spend the bulk of their time within WiFi zones (AT&T or not). This means that a portion of what AT&T charges for cellular data is never actually used and that is pure profit for them. As I said in my post: I don't know what the right solution is, but the current setup is starting to smell pretty bad. If the above example doesn't do it for you, think about this. Twenty people working at a company. The company pays (maybe through AT&T) for Internet access and provides WiFi to all employees. Every single one of them has a personal iPhone. Every single one of them pays for a cellular data plan. And, while at work, every single one of them is using the WiFi access point for the bulk of the data traffic on their devices. AT&T is making a nice profit on data bandwidth they never have to deliver over the cellular network. Later on, those same people go home and are likely to transfer data over their own (paid) DSL connection rather than use cellular data. Again, double charging by the telcos, if you will. Once you do the math past a single iPhone the effect starts to become obvious very quickly. Maybe what I am saying is that if I am paying AT&T for cellular data as well as DSL I should receive a credit on my cellular data plan for the data moved over DSL as opposed to the cell network. Again, I don't know the first thing about their business equation, so I'll be the first one to admit that this proposal could be beyond ridiculous for a hundred and one reasons. > Your post is complaining about paying for unused data, and why can't you just pay for the data you're actually using - in short, you want a plan that you saturate and just want to pay for that. Nope. Sorry. Didn't say that. This is your interpretation and nothing more. And that's OK. All I am saying is that I a starting to think that we are over-paying for connectivity. I don't know exactly where or how, but something about it just feels wrong. I can't point to it directly because in order to do that I'd have to know more about the internal numbers of a telco. I don't have that data. For all I know we are getting a deal. I am more than willing to concede that. But I need data. Right now, without said data it feels very much that paying $250 per month for connectivity when most of the data is going over DSL is not quite a good fit. Obviously we all (or most) have a need for cellular data outside WiFi zones. The question is how much and whether or not pricing is fair. I don't have the answers, just an overall feeling of rotten tomatoes somewhere. Your suggestion that I personally drop cellular data has nothing whatsoever to do with the idea that cellular data might not be priced correctly in the context of multiple devices and the availability (and payment for) parallel connectivity over DSL/WiFi. In other words, whether I personally drop cellular data service or not has no effect over whether or not cellular data is correctly priced. So, I guess I am not getting your point. Does cellular data service become fairly priced for everyone else if I -single handedly- drop my service? How does that work? If I write a book and then sell it to a book publisher and want to transfer all rights and copyrights? I can't? Another attempt to blame guns for what people do. I don't own any guns of any type. I've fired quite a few of them, of all kinds. I don't feel the need to own one for personal protection or as a hobby. I know plenty of people who do. Without fault, these guns spend more time locked-away in a safe than being fired for any reason. Yes, even the "assault rifles" (do rifles assault without a person holding them?). Every time something happens liberal-leaning media rushes to blame guns. It's never people, is it? A gun doesn't kill any more than a car. It's the people using them that sometimes, intentionally or not, harm others. None of these articles are backed by any data. Yet they are quick to blame "assault rifles" and proclaim all manner of remedies. I wanted data. A quick Google search for "homicides by weapon type" produced a bunch of links. The top link comes right out of the US Department of Justice: http://bjs.ojp.usdoj.gov/content/homicide/weapons.cfm The very first chart shows very clearly that the vast majority --by a factor of 3 to 5 or more-- of homicides are committed with handguns. Not "assault rifles". I'm assuming that "assault rifles" falls under the "other gun" category in the chart. What's even more interesting is that homicides using a Knives exceeded "other gun" by a good margin from 1976 to about 1994 and then run about even. That's interesting data. It seems that knives are just as dangerous today as "other gun". Far more detailed data is available here: http://www.fbi.gov/about-us/cjis/ucr I really didn't have the time to dive into it, but I suspect I would learn exactly the same thing: "assault rifles" represent less than about 3% of total homicides. Put another way, more people --like TEN TIMES MORE-- are killed with knives every year than with "assault rifles". This is data from the DOJ and FBI so one can hardly put any kind of spin on it. All of this anti-gun talk after some crazy nutcase goes and does something stupid is absolute nonsense. The claims are not backed by data and those making the claims, for some reason, never choose to present any data (or confuse people by lumping "guns" with "other guns"). I am more of a libertarian who leans left on some issues and right on others. I'd like to believe that I think things through rather than follow like sheep. I happen to find the way the left constantly bitches about and vilifies guns to be disgusting pandering. They never discuss what the actual data shows: That young blacks are killing each other en-masse for drugs and other bullshit. And that our first black president has done virtually nothing to materially change the reality of millions of black kids who I am sure would be wonderful assets to our society given the right ecosystem. It's far easier to sling distorted statistics, vilify the NRA and rally idiot voters to try to take away gun rights. In the meantime the real victims of violent crimes, which --by far-- statistics show are hispanic and black youngsters, don't see anything of real value change in their environment. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Ushomicidesbyweapon.svg http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gun_violence_in_the_United_Stat... And, of course, let's not forget that the 9/11 attacks where carried out using knives. They killed thousands. The penalties for using guns criminally should be brutally severe. Automatic life in prison or some such thing. Criminals need to know that choosing a gun is the worst possible idea. I'm all for that. As far as your average Joe, leave him alone. I did read it. And I even read the other articles he linked to. You know the one titled "Average Americans don't need assault weapons". He takes the classic approach of sounding very reasonable while on this other side gently guiding people into where the ideological articles are. Of course jumping at conclusions is dumb. We do that all the time. It's human nature. Those down-voting my post are probably jumping at conclusions without even stopping to think for a moment. All I am saying is that the media is too quick to place blame without looking at or presenting any supporting data. Once you look at the real data --not made-up or massaged data-- it is very obvious where the problems lie. Civilian-grade "assault rifles" are far from being the issue. Knives are responsible for far more homicides. The data also shows the tragedy that the media (both liberal and right wing) choose not to focus on: Hispanic and black young males are killing each other en-masse. Nobody focuses on this. The left doesn't want to offend potential voters and the right doesn't want to risk being labeled as racists. Everyone wants to take Joe Blow's guns away when they spend most of their lives locked away in a safe. I have yet to see a politician take on the real problem we have in inner cities with thousands-upon-thousands of kids killing each other. Want to focus on a problem, that's the problem. The theater massacre was a horrific event. Very sad. Twelve people died. According to FBI data ONE THOUSAND TIMES MORE PEOPLE where murdered in 2010. Nearly 13,000 people. Where is the righteous indignation there? Where is the "thinking about the broader issues"? The broader issues are political and societal. Guns have very little to do with it. Wrong questions. How many people are killed per year with a rifle? How many people are killed per year with a handgun? For control: How many people are killed per year with a knife? It turns out to be that a lot more people per year are killed with knives than with assault rifles. I saw a number somewhere less than 3% in the FBI database for rifles, whereas knives make up something in the order of 20% to 25% of homicides. Yes, HANDGUNS are, by far, the weapon most used to commit homicides. And, yes, the data shows that most homicides seem to affect 18 to 24 year old males. And, yes, the data shows that hispanic and black kids in inner cities are at most risk. All I am proposing is that we ought to look at the actual data and act accordingly. I would spend time and money to try to understand and prevent the mass killings of youngsters in the inner cities. That's where the tragedies, to the tunes of thousands of kids per year, are taking place on a daily basis. The white guy in the suburbs who owns a couple of handguns, a couple of shotguns and a couple of "assault rifles" is not the problem. I am more than ready to see it differently. If you have reputable data to support the idea that so-called "assault rifles" are responsible for a sizable number of murders please let me know where to find it. I'll read it. The data I looked at was from the US Department of Justice and FBI. Not sure where one would find more accurate data. My motivation here isn't political. Let's look at the data and see what is REALLY happening as opposed to following media spokes-holes like sheep. I hope intelligent HN readers --who tend to be more analytical-- agree with this approach. We might like to believe that big-scary "assault rifles" are the culprit (and, therefore, what we should focus on) but I have found no data to support this idea. Again, feel free to uncover such data if it exists. Now, one can always do as on of the Mythbuster guys once said when he didn't like the data: "I reject your reality and substitute my own". That's all well and fine, but it doesn't change the real and valid underlying data, does it? In other words, you can believe whatever you want, but the truth is immutable. Even though these are the wrong questions, I decided to answer them directly. Option 1: None. I don't shoot people and don't own any guns. Option 2: Just as many, particularly if they are confined and unarmed. Option 3: It depends, if it's a Glock the fucking thing might jam half-way through a clip (had it happen at the gun range with a rental). These are dumb questions because you can shoot a gun almost just as fast as a rifle and switching magazines takes no time at all. Spend some time at a gun range, will ya? Anyone who's done so would probably laugh at these arguments and questions. All guns are deadly and, in the wrong hands, and, in the wrong circumstances, any shooter can kill dozens of people with handguns or rifles. But the real reason these questions are dumb is that the data shows that far more people are killed with handguns than with rifles. So your perception that a rifle might allow someone to just strafe a crowd and do more damage doesn't seem to jive with the reality of published DOJ and FBI crime statistics. I know that someone is going to bring up machine guns next. Fuck it! Let's also introduce gattling guns. The fact remains: More homicides are committed with knives than with rifles every year. I don't think you'll find machine-gun-caused homicides in FBI data. This, despite how scary they might be. Show me reputable data to refute that and we can have a different conversation. Of course, taking those little bits of text out of context makes it sound pretty nasty. Thankfully I am not here for a popularity contest. My experience in discussing the gun issue with people in person is that most anti-gun folks --not all-- tend to operate based on emotion and/or bad data pushed at them by, primarily, liberal-leaning media outlets. HN, like it or not, does have a good liberal-leaning population. I would have been surprised if I didn't get a bunch of down-mods. It's not a matter of language. It's enough to voice opinion supporting gun ownership. It's almost the same if you say anything against Apple. Look, I am not even a gun owner. I might go to the shooting range once or twice a year with friends. It's great fun. That's it. But I really dislike the media making generalization and accusations based on bullshit or not data at all. And, the sad reality of things is that the vast majority of the public takes what the media shovels as fact without question. Few people think of the idea of actually verifying what they are being told before forming an opinion. It saddens me that no argument is being made based on the actual data, which is, if you read carefully, the only thing I am pushing here. That transcends socio-political beliefs and emotion. The FBI data I looked at is produced by compiling standardized crime reports across the country. Look at it and tell me that I am wrong. I'd be happy to learn so if reliable and reputable data supports it. Look at the data. Tell me where and why I am wrong. So far nobody has offered critique of the data, just blind down-votes. That doesn't change the truth, does it? I don't personally own any guns. I have shot many at the gun range. They are fun to shoot. If I was into guns I'd probably buy one. Target shooting is interesting and fun. Also, as and engineer, I can see guns having an appeal for the mechanically inclined. Learning about how they work, how to make them more accurate, maintaining them, etc. is as interesting a hobby as, perhaps, working on cars, if one is so inclined. That's my only answer really. They are great fun at the range and neat to own. I can't seen any other scenario unless someone is crazy and has other motives. Those corner cases will find ways to cause death and destruction by whatever means necessary. The 9/11 hijackers used common knives to kill thousands of people. Tim McVeigh used fertilizer and a rented truck to kill hundreds and destroy a building. This, and the underlying data is why I don't subscribe to the idea of "assault rifles" being the root cause of our problems. I think the data shows that the problems are far more related to drugs, education, social and economic root causes than anything else. I don't have all the answers and can't really spend the time digging into this (have to work). But here are a few thoughts. My argument here is isolated from data from other countries. Each country/culture has its own issues. The data from our own Department of Justice and FBI shows that the so-called "assault rifle" is responsible for --depending on the year-- maybe 1/10 of the murders caused by knives. This, to me, means that if we are talking about the reality in the USA, knives are far more dangerous than rifles. That's a fact backed by real crime data from the FBI. Handguns are a different story. They are responsible for the bulk of homicides. With that understood the next task is to try to understand why this is so. The data points that, by far, most of the homicides take place in the inner city and affect hispanic and black youngsters. I am not passing judgement here, just mirroring what the data shows. I don't know why it is so. I can only speculate. As far as your comparison with South Africa, here are some thoughts, again, backed-up by data: US Population: 300+ million ( http://www.google.com/publicdata/explore?ds=kf7tgg1uo9ude_&#... ) South Africa: 50 million ( http://www.google.com/publicdata/explore?ds=d5bncppjof8f9_&#... ) 6x more people in the US could mean more total murders (by any means) than in S.A. Homicide rate: US, about 5 per 100K population SA, about 32 per 100K population http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_intentiona... So, with 1/6 the population of the USA and very restrictive gun ownership laws SA manages to have SIX TIMES the homicide rate of the US. Isn't this further support for the idea that guns are not necessarily the root cause, but rather that people and other factors might be? As far as solutions. Look, I'm an engineer. I have some thoughts on these issues but I have never claimed to have THE solution. I would like to think that it is a combination of education, illegal drug control, economic opportunity and other factors. So, that's the data, please tell me what you think it means. Look if the question of the day was "What should be ban?". Based on the data I'd have to say: handguns. They are being used in homicides four to six times more than anything else. This, regardless of how effective or not a specific weapon might be or how many there might exist across the US. Those are the facts. I think you are trying to read more into my post that I actually say. Scorn means contempt. I don't have contempt for anyone on HN. How could I? Most are probably far smarter than I am. What I could have contempt for is the act of arguing a matter from an ideological or emotional perspective while choosing to ignore the data and the facts. Note that I didn't say that I have contempt for the people who do this but for the "act" or process itself. BTW, it's not "my" data, it's the FBI's and the US Department of Justice, both far more reputable than I am in these matters. I have yet to see one post truly address the facts as reflected by the data. Here's what I find interesting many hours after my original post: Not one person --NOT ONE-- posted a reply that made any attempt to address the data. Most replies have consisted of thinly veiled personal attacks or, failing that, simply ignored the data and chose to go off on a tangent where an alternate reality is used instead. And of course, there's the downvote "campaign" by liberal-trending HN'ers who seem to have no interest in the facts. I am personally scared of the idea of having people in media, government and law-making that actually think and behave this way. Ignore the facts and come-up with an alternate reality that fits the ideology being promoted. That's wrong. Here's what I find interesting many hours after my original post: Not one person --NOT ONE-- posted a reply that made any attempt to address the data. Most replies have consisted of thinly veiled personal attacks or, failing that, simply ignored the data and chose to go of on a tangent where an alternate reality is used instead. And of course, there's the downvote "campaign" by liberal-trending HN'ers who see to have no interest in the facts. I am personally scared of the idea of having people in media, government and law-making that actually think and behave this way. Ignore the facts and come-up with an alternate reality that fits the ideology being promoted. That's wrong. OK, here's a C version. Had to add a parameter, of course: void add1(int arr[], int length, int val, int n) { int direction = n >= 0; int counter = n == 0 ? length : abs(n); int index; for(int i = 0; (i Verified with test vectors. Coming from an embedded background gives you a very different perspective on things. I too have a strong embedded programming background. This, among other things, makes you keenly aware of the CPU and resource cost of your code. If you've ever spent a day hunting for clock cycles to trim you know how that one can affect run time dramatically with a little attention. After a while this sort of thing becomes second nature. I think the C solution I posted is fairly tight: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4327004 It pre-computes all that can be pre-computed outside the loop and then, once inside the loop, it uses a calculated index to address the array. The index only requires a comparison and, if going in reverse order, a subtraction, which are computationally cheap. If absolute performance was the goal --at the expense of a few more bytes of code-- this could be tightened further. One of the problems with programmers that don't have a low-level background, and, in particular, those who grew-up, if you will, with object-oriented programming, is that they don't generally have a connection with the cost of their code. Object oriented programming is great for the programmer, but the computer doesn't need it. It exists purely for the programmer's benefit. The computer would execute functionally equivalent non-OO code just fine and much, much faster. Case in point: Objective-C classes. I forget where the stats are but I remember that in some cases things run 400 times slower if you use certain "NS" classes. Four hundred times slower is a pretty serious price to pay for human convenience. I wrote a genetic evolver for an iOS app I worked on. The initial code was done in full Objective-C on purpose. I wanted to see just how efficient the code could be made "using the Force". I then re-coded in nice-clean C. Wow! I don't have the data in front of me but I remember that it went from having to wait for a solution to executing hundreds of generations (and arriving at a solution) almost as quickly as you retracted your finger after pushing the "Go" button. If we apply this to web programming it means that one could save a tremendous amount of money in server costs and provide a far more responsive system at the same time. Server costs go beyond the mere monthly cost of the hardware. Calculations should include MTBF, maintenance, power, cooling, etc. If you are using AWS these costs are all part of the package, of course. So, no, in my case, I don't take it lightly. I don't like it when people suggest that we "throw another server at it". First I want to see that the code is as tight and fast as can be. Then we look at throwing hardware at it. Of course, there is a point where hunting down clock cycles becomes more expensive than it is worth. The location of this point on the timeline is different for each business and project. Why do I feel like we are splitting hairs here? This article talks about a 1.5% cut in government spending (or increases of up to 3.8%). Really? That's what I call a rounding error. It's bullshit cuts (or increases) in spending that will do absolutely nothing real to solve our problems. -------------------- TL;DR: We need to cut in the order of 50% from the Federal Budget in order to hope to be debt-free in FIFTY YEARS. -------------------- I decided to go out and finally get a sense of where we stand. We have huge annual deficits and owe a lot of money. Let's fix it. Two goals: 1- Get back to a balanced annual budget. 2- Erase our national debt in 50 years. To simplify we are not going to add interest to our debt. Sensible? I would prefer to get back to zero debt in ten years, but let's go for 50 instead. In other words, our kids are going to be paying off the national debt for most of their adult lives. How to do it? Tax increases? Spending cuts? Both? Let's say both. Now, I am going against my grain here because I don't believe in paying more taxes. In fact, I want to see our tax burden reduced to flat 15% for everyone, corporations included. But, that's a different subject. For the purpose of this exercise I'll go with the "tax more" crowd. No problem. OK, how much? Well, let's say that we really go to the dark side and choose to pay 75% of our national debt and deficit via tax increases and the rest by reducing expenditures (various programs, entitlements, military, whatever). That should make those who believe in higher taxes very happy. Fully two thirds of the money we need will come from higher taxes. To go with a popular theme, let's tax the rich and leave everyone else alone. I propose that this mathematical exercise only only increase taxes on those earning $200,000 or more per year. Again, this is going against every fiber of my body, but I want to "go with the flow" in the interest of just seeing what these numbers look like. OK, the very first fact that comes out of this discussion is that our government needs to cut spending by 25%. Simple numbers. Not 1.5%, not 3%. 25%. I don't care where it comes from, this is just math. Someone needs to figure out how to cut an honest 25% in spending. The rest will come from increased taxes. But, wait, our government is also responsible for paying for 25% of the accumulated national debt by cutting costs. So they have to cut further than just the equivalent of 25% of the annual deficit. OK, I know a little math and know how to use Excel, let's play with some numbers. How much do we owe? http://www.usdebtclock.org/ Here are the numbers I'll use for this exercise: US national debt: $16,000,000,000,000 US annual federal deficit: $1,500,000,000,000 US Federal spending: $4,000,000,000,000 I rounded some of it and extrapolated to the end of the year just to get to play with easy numbers. As we agreed, we are going to be debt-free in 50 years. What's the total annual amount of money we need to raise, if you will, in order to do accomplish this? Annual obligation, every year for 50 years: $1,800,000,000,000 How much of this does the Federal Government have to pay? Federal government contribution via spending reductions (25%): $450,000,000,000 Percentage reduction with respect to total annual Federal spending: 11% So, the government has to find half a billion dollar in spending cuts for 50 years. We do the rest by increasing taxes on the "rich". Here we go: How many people make $200K or more? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Household_income_in_the_United_... http://www.lazymanandmoney.com/how-many-people-make-more-tha... I'll use data from the second link because it is a little more granular. Here are the numbers I'll use. Number of people making more than n, where n is the left column: 200,000 3,924,490 500,000 729,451 1,000,000 236,883 1,500,000 128,787 2,000,000 84,514 5,000,000 22,596 10,000,000 8,274 What does this mean? If we decide to tax people who make $200K or more, there are about four million of them. If, instead, we decide to tax those who make one million or more, there are 236,883 of them. We agreed that we are going to cover 75% of the money we need to raise through taxation. Let's see how much each individual would have to pay if we apply this to each group. Total funds required: $1,800,000,000,000 * 0.75 = $1,350,000,000,000 Per capita cost depending on chosen earning threshold: 200,000 $343,994 500,000 $1,850,707 1,000,000 $5,699,016 1,500,000 $10,482,424 2,000,000 $15,973,685 5,000,000 $59,745,088 10,000,000 $163,161,711 This means that if we choose to tax those earning $200K or more, they'll have to pay $343,994 per year, for the next FIFTY YEARS, in order to become debt-free. If, instead, we set the threshold at one million dollars or more in income, they'll have to pay $5,699,016 per year for the next 50 years. Clearly this is impossible. OK, let's go with a progressive system. Each group will share the burden in a progressively increasing proportion. Those who earn more will pay a higher percentage of the money we need to raise. How many people in each sub-group? $200,000 - $500,000 3,195,039 $500,000 - $1,000,000 492,568 $1,000,000 - $1,500,000 108,096 $1,500,000 - $2,000,000 44,273 $2,000,000 - $5,000,000 61,918 $5,000,000 - $10,000,000 14,322 $10,000,000 or more 8,274 Unlike the prior count, this table simply shows how many people are found within the given brackets. Let's have them carry the burden in the following proportions: $200,000 - $500,000 1% $500,000 - $1,000,000 2% $1,000,000 - $1,500,000 4% $1,500,000 - $2,000,000 8% $2,000,000 - $5,000,000 10% $5,000,000 - $10,000,000 25% $10,000,000 or more 50% Total 100% How much would individuals in each group have to pay then? bracket share of burden corresponding amount per taxpayer,per year percent of total income $200,000 - $500,000 1% $ 13,500,000,000 $ 4,225.30 2% 1% $500,000 - $1,000,000 2% $ 27,000,000,000 $ 54,814.77 11% 5% $1,000,000 - $1,500,000 4% $ 54,000,000,000 $ 499,555.95 50% 33% $1,500,000 - $2,000,000 8% $ 108,000,000,000 $ 2,439,410.02 163% 122% $2,000,000 - $5,000,000 10% $ 135,000,000,000 $ 2,180,302.98 109% 44% $5,000,000 - $10,000,000 25% $ 337,500,000,000 $ 23,565,144.53 471% 236% $10,000,000 or more 50% $ 675,000,000,000 $ 81,580,855.69 816% 816% Total: 100% Well, it looks alright to begin with, doesn't it? Make $200K or more, you get to pay about $4,000 per year for the next fifty years. $500K or more? about $50K per year for the next 50 years. Tough, but, hey, got to pay your "fair share" right? The problem becomes very evident as you get past these initial brackets. You'd have to take half a million dollars a year from people earning in the one million bracket. That's not sustainable. Certainly not for 50 years. One more thing: These are tax INCREASES. In other words, the guy making a million bucks will have to pony-up $500K more than what he (or she) already pays in taxes. That means that the vast majority of the money they earn would have to be handed over to the Federal Government for the next fifty years. Raise your hand if you think that's sustainable. Now, as you get past the million dollar bracket the situation becomes even worst. The highest earning groups would have to pay MORE than what their income to Uncle Sam for the next fifty years straight. If you happen to earn ten million a year you'll have to hand over over eighty million every year for the next fifty. Right. ...continued on next post due to HN length limitations here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4333013 ...continued from http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4333008 This is simply raw data and basic arithmetic. No magic. No funny business. And, yes, I am not even adding-on the interest on our debt. If this doesn't make the "let's tax the rich" crowd reconsider their ideas I don't really know what would. There is no way to pull out of this mess thorough taxation without SEVERE spending cuts. Fire-up Excel and do the math yourself. Unless you create some kind of an alternate reality with different mathematical theories, the results should be pretty darn close to these. Also note that I was very generous and proposed paying off the debt in half a century. That's a long time. Well, OK, how can we make this happen? Easy math: No tax increases and cut $1,800,000,000,000 in spending every year, for the next 50 years, from the Federal budget. Fifty years. In half a century we would be solvent again. If that doesn't make you sick in the stomach you are stronger than I am. OK, let's just get back to a balanced budget and raise taxes to deal with the rest: Cut spending by $1,500,000,000,000 every year for the next fifty years. Pass a balanced budget amendment to force the issue. How much do we have to raise in annual tax revenues in order to be debt-free in fifty years? $ 300,000,000,000 Annual obligation, every year for 50 years: $300,000,000,000 Now 100% of this will be paid through tax increases. How much if we tax everyone at or above a certain annual income equally? 200,000 $76,443 500,000 $411,268 1,000,000 $1,266,448 1,500,000 $2,329,428 2,000,000 $3,549,708 5,000,000 $13,276,686 10,000,000 $36,258,158 It doesn't really work at all, does it? Remember, this is tax money due ABOVE what these people are already paying. OK, let's go with the same progressive approach as used before: bracket share of burden corresponding amount per taxpayer,per year percent of total income $200,000 - $500,000 1% 3,000,000,000 938.96 0.5% 0.2% $500,000 - $1,000,000 2% 6,000,000,000 12,181.06 2.4% 1.2% $1,000,000 - $1,500,000 4% 12,000,000,000 111,012.43 11% 7% $1,500,000 - $2,000,000 8% 24,000,000,000 542,091.12 36% 27% $2,000,000 - $5,000,000 10% 30,000,000,000 484,511.77 24% 10% $5,000,000 - $10,000,000 25% 75,000,000,000 5,236,698.79 105% 52% $10,000,000 or more 50% 150,000,000,000 18,129,079.04 181% 181% Once again, it looks good in the beginning but falls apart very quickly as you go up the tax brackets. This is not workable. By this time you should have a solid idea that we've been spending and borrowing money like drunken sailors for a long time. Even with a fifty year timeline we can't fix this problem through taxation. At least not if your goal is to tax the "rich". When I hear politicians parrot the phrase "fair share" I, to quote Pink Floyd, get filled with the urge to defecate. It sure is a nice phrase to pound into the heads of the masses who, non interested in looking at even simple data and doing some math, seem to swallow this shit up and get behind it. "Fair share"? What the fuck is that? "Fair share" is when we each pay for what we eat at the restaurant. Would it be fair for me to pay for someone else's meal just because I earn more? Not really. "Fair share" might be that my neighbor and I split the cost of rebuilding our common fence. Each pays half of it. That's fair. "Fair share" could also mean that if I break something I get to pay for it. That's fair. Asking those who make more to hand over 90% (or more) of their income in order to cover our drunken-sailor spending spree isn't "fair" in any measuring system anyone might care to concoct. It is beyond obvious when one looks at the data and applies just a little basic math that the first thing that needs to go is the spending. And, yes, it will hurt, but it needs to go. If we did that, if we cut $1,500,000,000,000 from the Federal budget every year, we'd still have to come-up with $300,000,000,000 every year for the next 50 years to become debt-free. About 140,000,000 tax returns filed every year. If we all pay the same portion of the $300,000,000,000 we would all have to pay $2,143 per year, every year, for the next fifty years. Am I driving home just how bad this problem is? A progressive taxation system could be used to reduce the burden on those earning less, but you can't start at the $200,000 bracket, that simply won't cut it. Everyone has to pay something and, even then, it looks ridiculous: bracket share of burden per taxpayer, per year Under 5000 0.00% - $5,000 - $10,000 0.00% - $10,000 - $15,000 0.00% - $15,000 - $20,000 1.00% 197.36 $20,000 - $25,000 2.00% 448.48 $25,000 - $30,000 2.00% 519.49 $30,000 - $35,000 2.00% 585.98 $35,000 - $40,000 2.00% 672.43 $40,000 - $45,000 3.00% 1,158.03 $45,000 - $50,000 3.00% 1,358.82 $50,000 - $55,000 3.00% 1,484.21 $55,000 - $60,000 3.00% 1,639.11 $60,000 - $75,000 7.00% 1,570.46 $75,000 - $100,000 7.00% 1,373.90 $100,000 - $200,000 7.00% 1,164.76 $200,000 - $500,000 7.00% 4,929.52 $500,000 - $1,000,000 7.00% 31,975.28 $1,000,000 - $1,500,000 7.00% 145,703.82 $1,500,000 - $2,000,000 7.00% 355,747.30 $2,000,000 - $5,000,000 10.00% 363,383.83 $5,000,000 - $10,000,000 10.00% 1,571,009.64 $10,000,000 or more 10.00% 2,719,361.86 Total share: 100% Remember, you are looking at something we'd have to do for fifty years. To paraphrase Ross Perot, the sound you would hear would be the huge sucking sound of jobs, innovation, investment and people leaving our country. For fifty years. The solution is painful and obvious: Cut spending and cut it to the bone. In other words, what every family has to do: Live within or below your means. It is high time that we act like adults and do what must be done. We are looking at fifty years of agony no-matter what. We need to tell unions to go pound sand and forget about their luxury pensions and benefits. We need to fire government workers en-masse and compel them to become more useful members of society. We need to end ridiculous government workers pensions, benefits and spending. We need to end entitlement programs as they exist today. We need to cut, cut, cut and then cut some more. Above all, we also need to go back to being the most entrepreneurial and business-friendly nation in the world. We need to make it so attractive to do business in the US that we usher-in a new age of technological and entrepreneurial revolution. We do that and we might just be able to deal with our problems in 25 years instead of 50. There are a million different ways to look at this problem, but I feel that the fundamental numbers are inescapable. Add interest payments and other costs I did not account for and the picture is even worst. So, yes, going back to the article that is the subject of this thread: 1.5% spending reduction? What a joke! I'd love to see you post the numbers. I think that there are limits to what it reasonable. If tomorrow the government decided that, say, in a year, I need to hand-over half the value of my assets as a new tax I can probably assure you that my assets would evaporate in a year. In other words, they'd get zero. I'd like to see our government --at all levels-- be far more responsible with our money and our future than they have been in the last fifty years. I read Krugman's articles you posted. I disagree. He is known to be a far left-wing ideolog. I am not discussing this from an ideological perspective but rather a mathematical perspective. I detest both the Democratic and Republican parties for what they've done to us over the last, say, fifty years. They both have blood in their hands. I recognize that looking at this mathematically takes time that many of us don't have. I couldn't sleep last night and was too mentally tired to program, so I blew an hour playing with numbers in Excel. I don't expect everyone to do this. However, having said that, I would urge you and others not to jump at conclusions before taking the time to quantify them. This is about arithmetic. It's fine to have beliefs, we all have them, but at one point you have to fire-up a spreadsheet and verify --in some form-- if what you believe adds-up. Yes, I did not include inflation. I also didn't include interest. I also did not include mortality rates. Or the reduction of the workforce. Or the increase in retirees in proportion to working Americans. Or the erosion of the industrial base due to our increasing costs and the reality that manufacturing in the US is nearly impossible today. And so on. In other words, there are a lot of additional factors that could be added to the model in order to try to get more realistic numbers. Admittedly my calculations are only an approximation of the simplest possible model. The way I look at it is that it provides a first-level sense of proportion of the problem. It's the start of a conversation and the exploration rather than the final solution. I understand this and so should others. As a first approximation it shows a really grim picture of what we've done to our country in the last fifty years. This is not about this administration or the prior. This is about bad decision making for a long, long time. Krugman's use of the debt situation after WWII to justify his point of view is plain old bullshit with a cherry on top. The economic expansion we had after WWII is without precedent. The US was the manufacturing capital of the world. We made everything. Countless industries rose and flourished. From aircraft to electronics and beyond. The world went from the "technological dark ages" if you will into a pretty fantastic era of invention, development and expansion. And, as I said, the US was at the center of that. That is not the situation we have today. China is the center of attention. China is where jobs are going. China is where you manufacture stuff. We can't even attempt to manufacture an iPhone in the US. You could not do it. And, believe me, I know, I owned an electronics manufacturing company for twenty years. Finally said "fuck it", shut it down and focused on the software portion of our business. Eventually you get sick and tired of contracts always going to the Chinese because they come in at half your price and there is no way to compete. So, Krugman is absolutely wrong and is using typical ideolog spin to create and justify an alternate reality. Words are easy. Numbers are hard and they don't lie. I'd like to see him (and anyone else who wants to propose any kind of a solution) publicly post a spreadsheet with a solution to the problem. Then we can evaluate his ideas from a mathematical perspective, all ideology aside. I'd like to see him start a manufacturing business in the US, hire nothing but unionized workers with ridiculous pay and benefits, comply with all rules and regulations and succeed. He couldn't do it. He wouldn't know how. And he'd quickly discover that his ideology sounds great in NYT articles but is utter bullshit where the tire meets the road. Just nice-sounding words, not reality. A lot of this talk is analogous to basic physics approximations "let's assume that a cow is a uniform sphere of milk moving in a vacuum". That's all well and fine, but a cow isn't and it certainly does not move in a vacuum, so the real answer will be a little different and far more complex to arrive at. So is the case for my simple exploration of the numbers. It is useful in that it provides a simple answers to get a rough idea of where we might be. It isn't useful because, well, it's a cow and it isn't moving in a vacuum. Yet, Jedi tricks are not real, so the problem requires a real solution. As for your proposal to slash military spending and homeland security, etc. That's fine and dandy. I want all of our military bases on foreign soil shut down. All of them. And I want our military to be cut in half. And, of course, no more financial aid to any country --not one. But, guess what, if you look at the numbers --what an asshole! always wanting to look at real data!-- that would be a good step, but not a solution at all: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:U.S._Federal_Spending_-_FY... If you cut the entire Defense Department in half you are only addressing about 9% of total spending. Look at the chart. The bulk of our spending is in entitlements and the wonderful "Discretionary" slice. According to my simple spreadsheet model we'd have to cut our spending in HALF for FIFTY YEARS in order to get back to even-Steven. HALF for FIFTY YEARS. Even if I was 100% off you'd have to cut 25% of our budget for the same fifty years. In other words, focusing on military spending will do almost zero to fill the hole we have dug ourselves into. Finally, there's the assertion that the main problem is that we don't have jobs and that is the key issue. OK, I'll agree. Here's the problem, where do jobs come from? And why are jobs created? I just closed a pretty nice manufacturing operation about two years ago as my large customers started to default on contracts. Guess what, I am not re-opening that venture. No fucking way. I am done with manufacturing. Why? Can't compete. Why? Taxes, costs, unions, regulations, bullshit, lawsuits, etc. Those jobs are not coming back. Not unless we get our shit together and become uber business-friendly. This does not mean going down to third word wages. It does mean getting the government monkey off our backs so we can do what we know how to do best: innovate and produce. You say that you are part of a startup. Presumably a software startup. Rest assured that what you are doing is a hundred, no, a million times easier and cheaper than playing with physical product. There's a reason why companies like YC don't touch hardware startups: the probability for failure is far greater and the cost to achieve critical mass is at least a thousand times higher than for software. Most people who have only touched software as a means to earn a living don't develop a sense of just how tough things can be in other segments of the economy, and, in particular, in the industrial and consumer manufacturing segments. Software is great. I am focusing on that 100% today. However, a typical software business doesn't employ the numbers of people that industrial and manufacturing enterprises employ. And, frankly, it is far easier to outsource and find great talent around the world. You have industrial companies like GE who employ some 300,000 people. And there are many examples like that. I could go on, but I have to get back to coding. Bottom line: Government should only spend the absolute minimum required to run our affairs and nothing more. They should be out of social programs, healthcare and other crap. They are the managers of our store, and that's all they should be spending money on. We have given them too much leash and now we are paying the consequences of our inattention. Any discussion of this topic really needs to be backed-up by an accompanying economic model showing that the conclusions are mathematically possible. I went through a rough first approximation. I'd love to see someone smarter than me show me what a more refined model looks like and how the problem can be solved in half the time and with half the cuts. Mathematically, not ideologically. This is very complicated because we (and the world) allowed it to get to this point. Yes, China is the problem and, at the same time, it isn't. China is automating (and can automate further) just as much as we can. I have manufactured in China. And the work I did was not done in sweat shops full of people doing mindless work. No, we are talking about reasonably skilled workers running very nice high-tech CNC machines to produced machined metal parts, injection molded plastics as well as electronic assemblies. In some cases the end product cost just as much as it could cost in the US if we could do the same job. Of course, in other cases it cost significantly less. In all cases quality was beyond good. They can do the same things we do and adopt the same manufacturing technologies we adopt. The world is pretty flat in that respect. What's the difference then? Well, labor cost is one piece of the puzzle. And, depending on discipline, not necessarily the largest element in the equation. The problem is multi-faceted: taxes, regulations, environmental restrictions, OSHA, unions, pensions, lawsuits, etc. And the other factor is that they have a government and business leaders who's sole focus in in winning. They want to win this in the world stage. And they are executing a strategy as flawlessly as they possibly can. In the mean time we are making and continue to make all the wrong decisions. It's like watching a bad chess game: One bad move after the other. Take industries such as the light aircraft industry. It has been all but killed-off by lawsuits, regulations and other issues. You'd be crazy trying to spin-up a light aircraft operation in the US, even if you have great ideas. When I was manufacturing there were components (lots of them) that you simply could not buy in the US (meaning, US-made) at any price. We just don't make the stuff any more. This spans from chips to even certain types of glass. We have managed to kill-off whole layers of the supply chain. And that's the other factor: The supply chain. China has been outstanding at developing manufacturing regions where the entire supply chain exists within a concentrated geographic area. This, from a product development and manufacturing standpoint is the equivalent of the software "killer app". We can't compete because our supply chain is horribly fragmented in so many places that it saps competitiveness out of the system. When statistics get thrown around about the manufacturing sector growing you have to dig deeper and be very, very critical of the data. Are manufacturers growing in terms of dollar amounts while, at the same time, being forced to outsource more of their supply chain and subassemblies to places like China? I don't know. I'm not in that game any more and I am glad. But I can tell you with absolute certainty that, at a certain point in the life of my manufacturing business it became exceedingly obvious that the ONLY way to compete was to start to insert more and more Chinese-made components and subassemblies into our products. No choice. We are far too far down the slippery slope. This is something that happened over many decades. As such it will take decades to fix --if that's even possible. Sorry to be too negative but I've been in the trenches and have had skin in the game for far too long. I am not a casual observer but rather someone who invested very sizable amounts of my own money to be in the game and have the scars to prove it. Let's not forget that Steve Jobs told Obama that a lot of high-tech jobs are never coming back. http://open.salon.com/blog/steve_klingaman/2012/01/25/lets_n... And, he was absolutely on the money on that one. I suspect that if you could ask for clarification he would bring up such things are taxes, laws, lawsuits, unions, regulation, environmental laws, supply chain structure and other factors. It would require a very solid and decisive cultural, financial and political shift to bump us over into a different path that could lead to a serious and solid recovery at all levels. And that's the problem. While we are preoccupied with bullshit here in the US some around the world are making the right decisions on a daily basis. They are investing in a future that we will not be ready to face without massive challenges. That's the truth. We can choose to look the other way and pretend this can be fixed by raising taxes on a few people who make a little more money, gain votes and move on, or we can take this shit seriously and transform our country into a business powerhouse at all levels. I vote for option #2. I don't know. In twenty years of owning many, many laptops of all kinds of brands and designs I have never had one yanked off the table like that. I have never even had anyone trip over the cord and break-off the connector. I've used them at home, in the garage, at the shop, at the office, on airplanes, at trade-shows and while camping. To me the mag-safe idea is simply a "feel-good" marketing checkbox rather than a real need. Again, that's my experience. I've seen people that are simply not carful and don't take care of their stuff. And some that might be more accident prone than others. So, I'll admit that this is just one data point. It's tough, particularly if it's your first time out. Thankfully the cost of trying out ideas in the software world is very low. Try experimenting with hardware to see the other extreme. In many ways doing hardware ventures teaches you something very important: Ideas are not what's important; Opportunities are important. This, because the cost of failure can be very high, and so you learn very quickly that the idea is almost of no real value until a matching opportunity is identified. Everyone has ideas for a million different gizmos. I certainly get approached on a regular basis with "let's build this thing that does this and that and that". When I ask about the opportunity I usually get blank stares. People think in terms of ideas. Business is about opportunities that are then matched with solutions and execution in order to turn a profit. I used to be on the "I have this great idea" camp. After a number of businesses all I really care about are solid opportunities. Ideas are nearly worthless on their own. This is the way I look at it. When you write if-else-then statements all day long for a living you should probably be trained to think that way about everything. That's what happens to me all the time. I tend to consider the "else" and "else if" conditions almost instinctively. So, for example, if I am using a laptop at the diner table, I'll be sure to drape the power wires such that there's slack in the event of a tug. I'll also place a chair over the cable going to the wall so that there are very few ways for the kids to run into the cord and rip it out of the wall or computer. I am, by no measure, infallible. Maybe I've just been lucky with notebooks. Every machine we have has local backup in the form of a sizable external USB drive. Some also backup to a network drive. Windows and Mac. With dozens of machines it is hard to justify paying for remote backup. Although, every time I say or think this I also think: fire, theft, earthquake. I wish there were a reasonably priced multi-machine remote backup service at an affordable price with storage measured in terabytes. One hundred gigs doesn't even begin to scratch the surface. I checked out CrashPlan+ and it looks good, except that I am having trouble finding their definition of "personal data". It says that CrashPlan+ is licensed for "personal data" but I am not sure what this means. http://www.crashplan.com/business/compare.html As someone who has done extensive work in image processing using custom hardware I am not really sure what he is talking about. Is this intended to suggest that software is cheaper than hardware? Or that it has performance advantages over specialized hardware? Not sure. It's tough to beat smartly-designed specialized hardware in image processing. Some of the things I've done would require ten general purpose computers running in parallel to accomplish what I did in a single $100 chip. So, yes, less cost, higher data rate, reduced thermal load, reduced physical size, less power requirements, etc. Maybe I don't get where he is going with this? > As for executives, they're disciplined, they can enjoy their easy jobs and high compensation and accept the boredom associated with rarely being needed, because if things are running well, they aren't operationally necessary I'm sorry but you have zero clue as to what running a business is like. Zero. There really isn't much more I can say other than to quote Twain: "He who holds a cat by the tail learns something he can learn in no other way". Go hold a cat by the tail. Then come back and re-read your post. I am trying to resist the urge to call Mountain Lion "Mountain 'O crap" If Microsoft did this they'd be eviscerated crucified. iOS Developer and Mac user here (as well as Windows). The madness must stop. I have a feeling Steve will be missed more and more as the years pass. Git is alright. You can learn it just like anything else. Yeah, it could have been simpler. Agreed. It comes from Linus, who judging only from the talks I've seen online --don't know him personally, can be very opinionated and "asshole-ish" at times. My pet peeve with Git is that it stopped once it supported Linux kernel-type projects. If you are working on anything other than that it is likely that you are going to run into all manner of non-text resource files and Git sucks at helping you maintain these. Case in point: Graphically intensive iOS apps. Well, the farther you abstract away from executable machine code the greater the inefficiencies introduced into the resulting machine code. Object oriented programming is there for the benefit of the programmer, the machine couldn't care less. The trouble is that any OO language will introduce unnecessary code into any given program. What I mean by "unnecessary" is that, if you were coding the solution in assembler you would, in all likelihood, not produce such code. C let's you code at a level that is extremely close to the underlying machine language. If you are an experienced embedded developer you'll know exactly what code you are producing for the particular processor you happen to be working with. I would not venture a guess, but I would not be surprised if the overwhelming majority of real-time, mission-critical systems out there are coded in C. The only other language I would consider would be Forth --which I have used extensively. I have played with the idea of going to something like C++. I have never found it to make sense in the context of a resource and horsepower-limited embedded system. I don't know where the distain for C comes from. Yes, I am aware of the issues on can run into by writing unsafe code. Isn't part of our job to write safe code? I certainly do. I frequently use a couple of custom tools I created in Excel (for ease of data entry) to generate and maintain complex state machines and even-driven loop callback C code in embedded systems. That does not mean that the embedded systems were written in Excel. In this case Excel is simply leveraged as a productivity tool as I suspect might be the case for the use of Python scripts to generate chunks of code in the JPL case. Nothing is 100% guaranteed secure. Let's start there. As far as password recovery, I would like to see something more "physical", if you will. For example, Apple charges a small random amount to the CC on file and you have to come back and give them the amount. A fingerprint scanner on every iPhone could be interesting. I think the reality is that nearly all but the most safety conscious/paranoid hackers reuse easy-to-remember passwords across a multiplicity of sites. Some might have two or three passwords to fence-off, say, financially related logins from non-financial stuff. Still, the vast majority of Internet users are probably in the first group with a simple password across every single login they have. That's the problem. And, with such tools as Facebook logins you also have a situation where discovering on login gets you in to all manner of sites. How do you protect Mom, Dad and Uncle Fester from this? You are not going to turn them into computer scientists or security experts. No, they are not going to create and remember fifteen different thirty-two character passwords with a mixture of alphanumerics and symbols. That's just not going to happen. Not sure what the solution might be at this point. The Internet, due to the nature of its organic evolution does not have an underlying security construct that is, for lack of a better word, bulletproof. All this talk about security and multiple authentication levels yet, your browser --if you use Chrome-- is the worst security leak in a persons digital life. It would take almost anyone a minute in front of a computer to fire-up Chrome and have every single login and password available in plain text. I've written about this before and so have countless of other techies. A non-techie has not a single clue, making them perfect victims. Any number of scenarios can be imagined: From taking your laptop in for repairs/upgrades to someone gaining physical access to your machine for just a few minutes. And, just like that, your digital life is turned upside-down. How does this work in the "physical product" world (not icons on a screen). What I am getting at is that there are stunning examples of design rip-offs in other industries. One of my favorite examples is the blatant design rip-off of Mitsubishi cars. They copy Mercedes Benz and BMW almost to a fault. Yet, I've never seen a lawsuit in that world. Maybe MBZ and BWM simply choose to continue innovating and move on. I don't know. I think I've seen this from Kia as well. They always seem to target MBZ and BMW. Here's what a thief could do: Open Chrome Go to Settings Click on "Show Advanced Settings" Click on "Managed Saved Passwords" Click on a saved password Click on "Show" Write down or copy/paste/email the login in this fashion one-by-one. If they are after a pile of logins, keep clicking "Show" all the way down the list. Capture the screen and email/print or simply take your smartphone and snap a picture. Scroll through the entire login list to get it all. Takes very little time to get all of someone's private login data in this fashion. An, since the vast majority of Internet users re-use login user id's and passwords across many services I would imagine it might not take long to identify this pattern and have access to every login. Locking the workstation behind a password doesn't help either for a number of reasons, not the least of which is that workstation password removal, recovery or cracking tools are widely and easily available. The point is that Chrome doesn't even make an attempt to slow down potential thieves. And, while I understand that absolute security is impossible, Chrome makes it so even a technology neophyte can steal your digital life with a few minutes of low-effort point-and-click action. I use Chrome all the time. As a developer I am keenly aware of the issues and manage the risk. I will not allow anyone in my family to use Chrome because the potential security leak could have dire consequences. > Business spreadsheets most definitely need help In what way? Are you talking about design (look and feel) or capabilities. I can't think of too many things that could be lacking from Excel in terms of capabilities for business and engineering applications. Let's see. I'm sitting in front of a workstation with about ten gigabytes of data. It stores all manner of projects, from pure mechanical to pure electronics as well as software-only products. They are organized quite well by product or project as required. Each product lives in a stand-alone directory that is fully self-contained. Need to work on that project on another workstation? Clone it or fork it onto that workstation and you have all files relevant to that project and nothing else. This method works very well and has been in use for quite some time across multiple workstations, operating system revisions, tools and software revisions as well as a number of engineers. The only effort required in order to maintain this system is to abide by common sense agreed-upon directory structures. For example, if working on an electro-mechanical project, the fasteners might go in the "Fasteners" directory under the "Mechanical" folder and the embedded software might go under "Software", which, in turn, lives within the "Electronics" directory. Not tagging. Nothing that can get lost or royally FUBAR'ed if tags are lost or corrupted, etc. Just a darn simple file cabinet analog that works very well and is perfectly usable, easy to understand and fully searchable. Don't get me wrong, I like tags. They are great for certain applications. I just don't see them as practical for anything I've ever touched in terms of project or file management. "folders reflect reality" +1 Yet another device that interfaces through the audio port. I think it is tragic that Apple's restrictive approach to hardware interfacing to iOS devices is leaving developers with no options. Talk about going back a few decades. You can't even do a simple serial port interface on an iOS device without going through the MFI gauntlet. Absolutely ridiculous in 2012. This is going to sound harsh. This story exposes a simple fact: These developers went at this in utter ignorance of the realities of business. If their goal was to put out a free app and not try to make a living off of it, then fine. I take it back. You don't need to know anything about business or making money to give shit away. If this is the case, don't complain and be very thankful that people around you are kind enough to support you financially and beyond. If, on the other hand, their goal was to offer a free product with IAP in order to earn money and make a living, well, their decision making reveals their level of business ignorance. Why is it that the competitors they refer to have such intense IAP approaches? Could it be because that's a pretty solid way to monetize your app? If my goal was to make money in that segment I'd certainly stop all coding and look at what others are doing in detail. I would not hold myself back due to ideological nonsense. If it is a business, it is about making money. If it is a hobby, it is not. So, yes, I would copy, borrow and mutate ideas from others who, before me, trenched the territory and became successful. The only exception to this is if you truly have in your hands one of these edge-cases that will succeed because it is so unique, entertaining and, yes, addictive. This also demonstrates a reality of FOSS (even though this was not OSS): In order to provide FOSS someone has to be earning a living somehow or the equation is never balanced. That's why FOSS is never really free (as in cost) because the development costs are being banked by someone. Linux, as an example, is probably the most expensive piece of code ever developed. This case was a simple failure to make the right business decisions and nothing more. That's how you end-up on the street and broke. Coffee is an addiction for a lot of people. A routine you simply repeat day after day. I used to drink several cups of coffee per day for years. Went cold-turkey one day several years ago. I haven't touched it since. I realize this isn't the case for all. Some truly like to have coffee in the morning. I get it. The discussion is about comparing the purchase of a daily cup of coffee with the purchase of software on a daily basis. To me this is simple: Create an addictive software product and you'll have your daily purchases. Hard to compete with a stimulant though. While I value a college education I have to say that a college degree is not a guarantee of performance at all. A programmer, in my opinion, must have some College exposure. The OP does, as he says he graduated with a business degree. Aside from that, programming is a multi-faceted and ever-evolving discipline. We are always learning new things. A proven ability to approach something new and learn it is at the top of my list. He certainly proved that part. I come to this from the perspective that virtually nothing I do today existed when I was in college. This goes for programming languages and even hardware design areas such as FPGA's. I, as an engineer, have to learn constantly. That aspect of my profession never stopped and, in fact, intensified after leaving college as there's so much to learn. How is a college grad going to react to a paradigm shift such as what happened as the internet started to take roots? It was the wild west for several years as new ideas popped-up and you had to either play or get off the train. I'll take someone really smart who has the tenacity, drive and interest to learn new things quickly over a degreed engineer who is slow to react. I have known many engineers who have remained stagnant over the years because they simply didn't want to bother to learn new things or were far too comfortable doing what they were doing. Some of these guys are unemployed today. Their skill set simply doesn't match todays reality and a degree means exactly nothing. Now, to be sure, the combination of good, solid schooling and drive, tenacity and a rabid interest to constantly learn can be a very powerful thing. In my experience that person is more the exception than the rule. A lot of college grads just want to find a train to ride as long as they can with the skill set they acquired. The self-driven individual who wants to own a topic today and then another topic tomorrow is very rare. Oh, yes, and a lot of college grads write code that is as shitty as anyone else's. There is no monopoly on the ability to write horrible code due to the lack of experience. HN isn't perfect, but it isn't that bad. I've seen countless fora degenerate over the years. This one seems to be in check for now. I see the voting system as one of the problems. More accurately, the obvious emotional or fanboi voting trends along some topics. Blind down-voting, as I see it, is a problem. If you down-vote you ought to be required to provide an explanation, otherwise, don't. Topics such as many subjects surrounding Apple draw in people who will mercilessly down-vote well reasoned comments simply because they happen to be anti-Apple. The same applies to the occasional political discussion in which anything that isn't aligned with liberal thinking is castigated. The biggest problem I see with this is that it does not promote intelligent contrasting posts. Those with different opinions either leave (or stop posting) or fall-in with the crowd and choose to become part of the collective. If one was after collecting points and accolades all you have to do on HN is be all over anything that relates to Apple and talk like a Liberal. That's the formula. Oh, yes, you also have to be 100% pro FOSS. The fact that it is so easy to define is kind of sad. Then again, maybe that's what the YC guys wanted HN to be. If that's the case, there are no issues. If the idea behind HN was to bring together pro-Apple, pro-FOSS, politically Liberal hackers, then there's nothing to fix. If, on the other hand, if HN is intended to promote diversity of thought along a wide range of subjects of interest to hackers and entrepreneurs, the voting system needs to reflect this.