Interesting indeed. Would you say that this is price is unreasonably high? If I am reading the following article correctly, the target patient population for Zolgensma experience an average of 4.2 hospitalizations a year with a mean cost of $150K per hospitalization (2012 dollars and rates) https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s41669-018-0093-0 The Article is just re-reporting the Albuquerque Journal, which has a better description[1]. The power company (PNM) planned to split the costs of the grid upgrade between wholesale payers and the ratepayers. The regulator ruled that PNM cannot charge the ratepayers, but PNM did not include the the grid upgrade in the contract with Facebook. It seems that the power company is the one stuck holding the bag. [1] https://www.abqjournal.com/ That depends entirely on how much they are paid to delay. A successful pay to delay settlement can be more profitable for the generic than entering the market. That is to say, it is more profitable to share revenue from a monopoly than race to the bottom. A classic example is GSK and TEVA with Lamictal. GSK priced the original drug at $465/dose with $1.5 billion in sales. Teva's Generic was $14/dose. TEVA happily agreed to be paid by GSK because if TEVA had won in court, entered the market, and captured 100%, they would only bring in 50 million a year https://www.fiercepharma.com/regulatory/more-scotus-fallout-... Hi Rob, Great idea! I have ton of questions: 1) If you hope to target low cost renewable power, will you be operating intermittently at peak production, or around the clock? 2) Does negative pricing of power factor in to your business model? 3) Do you think your process could economically compete in the market for grid energy storage? I so, how does the costs and efficiency compare to other methods? Not all mass shootings stem from extremism. Gang violence also falls under the same definition. Also from the business insider: "There is no broadly accepted definition of a mass shooting. The Gun Violence Archive defines a mass shooting as a single incident in which four or more people, not including the shooter, are "shot and/or killed" at "the same general time and location." Another source suggests that death rate from "Islamic terrorism" in the US is somewhere around 1 in 3,500,000. If you presume other types of extremism are similar, there is still a significant difference from the mass shooting rate. https://www.businessinsider.com/how-many-mass-shootings-in-a... https://politicalscience.osu.edu/faculty/jmueller/since.html Gang violence also falls under the same definition. Also from the business insider: "There is no broadly accepted definition of a mass shooting. The Gun Violence Archive defines a mass shooting as a single incident in which four or more people, not including the shooter, are "shot and/or killed" at "the same general time and location." The 1 in 3,500,000 rate is for years 1975 to 2015 and includes the 9/11 attack. Since 2001, the rate is about 6 deaths per year for a total of 100 over 17 years. This gives a post 2001 rate of less than one in 50 million. See page 4 of the previously referenced document. Very good point, I missed that I expect that the countries covering Spinraza will also cover the new Novartis treatment as it will cut costs. https://www.treatsma.uk/treatments/spinraza/spinraza-access-... I'm skeptical that harsher DUI penalties are the appropriate solution. Most states already have significant DUI penalties, and think that increasing them is largely a PR move. Drunk drivers are involved in about 20% of fatal accidents, leaving 80% to other causes[1]. About 30% of fatal accidents involve speeding [2]. Perhaps we should consider similar penalties for speeding as for DUI. Drunk drivers do kill more "innocents" than guns, but also keep in mind that very few gun deaths are innocents. 97% of gun deaths are homicide or suicide [3] https://crashstats.nhtsa.dot.gov/Api/Public/ViewPublication/... https://www.ntsb.gov/news/events/Documents/2017-DCA15SS002-B... https://www.vox.com/future-perfect/2018/12/11/18135976/gun-d... Thanks for pointing that out. I'm not sure how to reconcile the 29% listed in the intro and table 4, with the 20% listed in table 2 and table 3. Table 4 shows BAC >0.01 if you are interested. Regarding your disappointment, human player goes into a game with an intended strategy, how different is this different than selecting a strategy based AI for each game? I would like to rewatch the replays with this in mind, but the AI did appear to transition between different unit compositions and strategies at different points in the game. I wonder the degree to which this was predetermined opposed to reactive. The version they showed in january had full map visual information, but they focused the camera on region with the most actions. The new version is limited to one screen of information at a time as well as a 350ms reaction time. My question is if it can "click" through all possible screens in 1 ms, then click through each screen 350ms later with a reaction. The other question is what constitutes meaningful APM. If only 20% of human APM meaningful do to redundant clicks and hotkey cycling, what is the appropriate AI APM. Here is one of the top google scholar links I found. https://link.springer.com/article/10.2165/00007256-200939060... Or 3. CEO's are superhumanly capable of DECREASING the company's bottom line. The board is paying to minimize their risk of ruin. With consistent good management, mature organization should hope to see incremental growth. Bad management can destroy a company overnight. I think there is a fair distinction to be made between growing the market, and growing the market share. You may find the Econtalk podcast interviewing Dan Pallota interesting. He is a high paid charity consultant (450k) and defends his work and salary. http://www.econtalk.org/pallotta-on-charity-and-the-culture-... Based on the experience you shared, I think the may find the podcast linked below interesting. http://www.econtalk.org/canice-prendergast-on-how-prices-can... Here is the description: "If you have 250 million tons of food to give away every year to local food banks how should you do it? Canice Prendergast of the University of Chicago's Booth School of Business talks with EconTalk host Russ Roberts about how he and a team of economists created an artificial currency and a daily auction for the national food bank Feeding America so that local food banks could bid on the types of food that were the most valuable to them. Prendergast explains the results of the new system and the cultural and practical challenges of bringing prices, even artificial ones, to a world accustomed to giving things away." > I bet a lot of people were happier with it than without. And a lot of Turkeys will end up in the dumpster as well. This mentality is the problem with current medicine. The doctor is not causing harm, they are mitigating it with a less than optimal method. If the tuning forks analysis has better outcome than no assessment, no harm has been done If a doctor has a treatment with 80% efficacy that costs $1,000, and another with 90% efficacy that costs $100,000, there is nothing immoral about giving the patient the choice. "Doing Harm" would be prescribing treatment that leaves the patient worse off than they started. The authorized generics are just screwing over the PBMs who are state mandated, do nothing, middle men with profits equal to the manufacturers. Regarding you anecdote. One potential reason is that the ACA limits the profit margin of insurance to 20% percent of medical spending. This incentivises them to maximize healthcare costs. Switching to Lispro would hurt their bottom line instead of increase it. https://www.healthinsurance.org/obamacare/billions-in-aca-re... I think what I found fascinating and disturbing is how frequently posters will completely disregard the facts presented and construct an imaginary narrative for events. Depending on the group identification of the poster, this counterfactual narrative is either extremely exculpatory or damming. The whole experience gives me a lot more sympathy for those who are judged a jury of their "peers" >Nobody likes state run agencies and everyone loves defunding them. I think there is a general sense of american exceptionalism when it comes to bureaucratic incompetence. It is hard for citizens to point to any well managed government agency. Sometimes this is a self fulfilling prophecy due to defunding, but more often I suspect it is due to lack of accountability and negligence. Take the CA DMV for example. No one is accountable for the horror show that is our backlogged paper based system . If I understand the incremental benifit presented in the article correctly, upgrading to an ev before the useful life of your fuel vehicle is over could increase emissions, as would be buying a a ev as a secondary vehicle just used for commuting I think you have it backwards. If they stop supporting it, it will go down towards 6 yuan per dollar. If you own or want to buy a yuan, 1/6 USD is more value than 1/7 USD, hence the term devalue. Please read the parent comment I was replying to again. >So for the last ten years, it has been closer to 6 RMB/usd than 7 RMB/usd. This couldn’t last, and the yuan’s natural market value was closer to 7 This was an artificial devaluing of their currency. It is called devaluing because it makes Yuan cheaper to buy (more exports from china) and USD harder to buy (less imports to china). From the title article: "China bids up the price of the dollar relative to the yuan by buying dollars with yuan, and then sits on these dollars". >This couldn’t last, and the yuan’s natural market value was closer to 7, even above 7 and maybe even 8. If China does nothing, the RMB falls in value, not rises. Historically, without interference, Yuan increases in value relative to the dollar ( https://www.npr.org/2019/08/05/748155575/chinas-currency-fal... >China's yuan plunged to below 7 per U.S. dollar on Monday morning Seizing the assets of foreign national corporations within the US would be mutual assured financial destruction. Markets would crash and plunge the country into depression/recession as foreign capital flees the US. Given the line of sight limitation for drones, gas power does not add much value. Batteries are usually sufficient to map/photograph the area within range of the operator. Given this limitation, it is often more economical to hire a small plane like a Cessna with an avionics package and a 400 mi range. Repeating my post above: Given the line of sight limitation for drones, gas power does not add much value. Batteries are usually sufficient to map/photograph the area within range of the operator. Given this legal limitation, it is often more economical to hire a small plane like a Cessna with an avionics package and a 400 mi range. I am very curious to see how this will be implemented. Will drivers be entitled to minimum wages from all of the apps they have active, or only when they have a fare? Will there be a single union to bargain with all of the apps, or individual unions? I'm not the poster you replied to, but I can weigh in with my experience. I think the two statements, while similar, are usually employed by those with opposing socioeconomic views. >People don't work in sweatshops because they love the job, they do it because they are desperate >People don't work in sweatshops because they love the job, they do it because its better than any of their alternatives The first statement is often part of a moral argument against exploitation and expressed in conjunction with a an desire or indifference to eliminating the job. The second is usually used in an argument which frames the worker as a rational actor and lacks the moral judgement. A common, if inflammatory, example is sex work. On one hand, sex workers can be seen a desperate, vulnerable, and forced by circumstances into an inherently exploitative relationship. Those that hold this position often believe that sex work should be made or kept illegal to protect the individuals from this exploitation. The alternative framing is that sex workers choose the job because it is the least bad of the available options. Removing the option will only push workers into a less preferable occupation. Either that, or people will go back to driving and using public transportation more and the drivers will leave the labor market. in response to 2 and 3: What about the status quo where gig workers are running 2-5 apps at once. If they are payed between trips, do they collect minimum wage from all companies? If the court rules that Uber drivers are employees per the AB5, my guess is there will be no more drivers with 40 hours a week. Ride sharing companies will just do what fast food has done and cap working hours at 29 per week to avoid healthcare benefits. This will also mean that neither uber or lyft can capture the market, because they will need each-other to supplement hours to the drivers. There are a few more listed in the article and elsewhere: * pre-registered experiments * listing number of regressing models * P-values with no significance declaration Regarding 1) Can the title IX issue be resolved by separating the sport budgets from academic budgets? If the football programs receive no money from the general budget, is their mere existence discriminatory, assuming equal numbers of scholarships are given to female athletes? If that was your experience, then you probably wouldn't mind the "penalty" of deprioritized football playoff tickets. The think the accurate statement is that 1% or product lines have had a shipment sampled. The FDA is not in the business of performing QA testing, that is the job of the manufacturer. It is better to think of them as a legislative body. To be honest, QC and testing has never really been the FDA's job. They perform a one time assessment for safety and effectiveness to prevent the sale of snake oil equivalents. They also have the power to inspect manufacturers periodically (maybe 1 in 100 manufacturers per year). Otherwise testing, QC, and release is self-regulated by the manufacturers. This is actually a huge advantage. As I understand it, there would be no need to accelerated to GEO before docking with the station. The earth side of the teather would travel at about 10% of GEO. This is a large savings in energy expenditure because kinetic energy is m*v^2 The paper actually points out and hints some very interesting implications. It could also serve to stabilize a station at the L1 lagrange point. Such a station could be permanent as it would not need reaction mass to maintain orbit. If you couple this with cheap material from the lunar surface, you could create truly massive habitats from thin plastic sheeting from earth and regolith from the moon. The really interesting part is that the elevator would not be in a true geostationary orbit traveling at ~3000m/s. instead it would be traveling at 100m/s at the same height. The delta-V to reach GEO without the radial velocity to maintain it is closer to 10 km/s if you use the partial escape velocity equation. This is pretty huge as mass required to achieve delta-V is nonlinear. you dont even need a smelter/forger if you want to build a massive space colony at the L1 lagrange point (which the moon elevator would pass through). Just pack the raw lunar regolith into prefab plastic sheeting similar. this is similar in concept to inflatable space habitats with the added benefit of radiation protection and thermal insulation. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inflatable_space_habitat And likely less expensive than the international space station. The proposed mass of the lunar elevator is 40,000 kg, and does not include life support. The mass of the ISS is 419,725 kg and cost ~150 billion. For comparison, direct appropriations for the 2003-2010 war in Iraq (in addition to the defense budget) were 1.1 trillion. We currently dock with the ISS which is traveling 10X faster. I think it would easily burn up in the atmosphere. With With a compact, people are putting their own money at stake, have skin in the game, and a concrete goal With taxes, people are usually putting someone else's money at stake, hope some of it goes where they want, and move on. *edited for grammar and clarity Even more amazing when you compare it to Intel with a p/e of 11 That depends on your definition of sustainable. Most almonds are/were grown using sacramento river, which can provide a self replenishing source of water. It is more of a water use issue than a sustainability issue. I think many will assume the comment is flame-bait because lack of genetic diversity isn't really a problem. The entire human species had a population less than the current UK for the the majority of its 350,000 yr existence. Most of this time it operated in small related communities where diversity was much lower. Some have hypothesized that the global human population was as low as 2000 individuals for as long as 100,000 yrs. [1] https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2427203/ My guess is that it has to do with low worker motivation, both from lack of individual incentives and organizational inertia. My friends in government jobs know what their promotions will be for the next 30 years and there is no allowance for variability based on personal performance. This prevents nepotism and corruption, but also means that leadership is based on seniority, not competence. It would be interesting to see how successful governments manage promotion of talent. As long as the lines are still running at max capacity, you are still taking the same number of vehicles off the road. If you extend the period of max-capacity, you taking more cars off the road. The question is if the benefit of more revenue and environmental savings warrants making the secretaries an cashiers adapt to less efficient schedules (eg come in earlier, stay later) I agree that it is sad, but it is a real consideration. Nearly every environmental proposal has the potential increase hardship on low earners. Most commonly, this comes in the form of higher costs for consumer products, utilities, and housing. There are are a lot of similarities with road congestion pricing going into effect in San Diego and NYC, and planned for LA and SF. Who will bear the greater burden, high earners who can easily pay the fee or low earners with rigid schedules. I agree with your conclusion, but I'm not so confident "moneyed" special interest groups are the issue. I could speculate it has more to do with voter interest priorities in general. Take California DMV for example. The DMV is led by state governor appointees. No governor will be voted in or out office based on DMV improvement performance. Running government services well hardly ranks in voters minds Most American approve of THEIR congressmen by wide margins (50%+ for, 35% against, 15% no opinion) (Scroll down) https://news.gallup.com/poll/1600/congress-public.aspx That simply isn't how the Supreme (or any) court works. Perhaps there is a servitude issue at hand, but that is not the argument that the plaintiff made. There very likely were thousands of stars in the paths of the jets as they passed through the galactic bulge at the center of the galaxy. Our galaxy gets thicker in the galactic center and the bulge is 3000+ light years thick and contains an estimated 10 million stars. Database and records issues aside, it seems that the constitutional amendment was pretty clear: "No. 4 Constitutional Amendment Article VI, Section 4. Voting Restoration Amendment This amendment restores the voting rights of Floridians with felony convictions after they complete all terms of their sentence including parole or probation. The amendment would not apply to those convicted of murder or sexual offenses, who would continue to be permanently barred from voting unless the Governor and Cabinet vote to restore their voting rights on a case by case basis." If the fees are part of parole or probation, then the felons should be not be able to vote. Does florida not have a database of who is or isn't on probation? If the fees are not part of parole or probation, the new law should be clearly unconstitutional. I'm not sure how the law is actually skirting the constitutional amendment. It seems to actively conflicting with it. I updated my post to be more clear. If parole is tracked and the felons are not on the list, then I'm not sure it even counts as a technicality. I agree the desired effect is likely the same. >Apparently not when it comes to fees owed as part of that. I think there is another more likely answer: Probation is tracked, fees have not traditionally been considered a requirement for probation completion, and the legislature is trying to shift the lines. Legally, rights can be taken away by the government. For example, prison inmates do not have the right to bear arms. Here is a decent wikipedia article on it: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prisoner_Law That does seem to be the most defensible argument. Why do you think regaining the right to vote should be more difficult, and for that matter, lost at all? In my opinion, loss of the right to bear arms only makes sense for violent offenders. Im not sure what the argument is for the loss of the right to vote is. Is it simply punitive? A deterrent? My understanding of the article is it applies to those who completed probation, not those who's probation is ongoing or revoked. So I found the law and you are correct that it is clear what fees are in and out of scope, despite the several articles i read to the contrary. The relevant portion starts at line 1345: https://www.flsenate.gov/Session/Bill/2019/7066/BillText/er/... The fun part about this is that it is publicly disclosed information. Blizzard revenue for Q1 & Q2 2019 were 88% in Americas and EMEA, with 12% in Asia Pacific. The percents are unchanged from 2018. https://investor.activision.com/news-releases/news-release-d... How is that different than just saying anything you don't like is bullying? China is within its rights to demand Blizzard censor content. US user/viewers are within their rights to criticize and boycott them. Blizzard is within its right to change their policy or ignore the criticism. Yeah, Most of the coverage of the outage has been complete garbage fueling and fueled by public resentment. I was listening to NPR forum yesterday and people were calling in and complaining that PG&E was continuing their tree trimming activities during the outage. The expert panel empathized with caller outrage opposed to pointing out trimming is countionious activity. One partial explanation is a portion of the public and government that want to take control of the infrastructure from PG&E and make it state owned. >Are they demanding that Blizzard "censor content" or is Blizzard trying to stray away from politics? I expect there is some of both. Fear of government intervention and fear of public backlash in China. I agree it is very understandable that blizzard would want to be apolitical and discourage divisive speech. The question is what to do once the speech has occured, because now blizzard is in the hot seat where their response can be REALLY divisive. I personally think the response was overly putative, especially the firing of the hapless hosts. Especially so, given that 90% of their business is outside of asia, and only a fraction of the remainder is in China. The question remains where customers will accept blizzard drawing the line. They would be equally within their legal rights to restrict streamers, game chat, or out of game speech. Do you think their core business lines have room to grow 400%? Alternatively, can they cut costs 75% with their R&D investments? No, because this often repeated trope simply isnt true. Government funding usually is very early in r&d, (think lots of small grants for tens of thousands of dollars which have 1 in a million chance of succes). private industry takes the outputs and spends about 2 billion dollars per sucesscul drug screening and further developing it. It is like saying a large part of web development is government funded because tc/ip came from a government lab It is a tough problem, patients expect doctors to prescribe the best possible care, and doctors think it is amoral to take financial impact into account. Ideally, the doctor would be able to help the patient understand the trade off and make an informed decision. No they cant. The pharmacy benefit managers would drop the products and it is illegal for the manufactures to sell direct to hospitals It is more complicated than that. Pharma companies dont get paid by insurance companies. They must go through federally mandated pharmacy benefit managers. The benefit managers keep the rebate, but charge list prices, so they have an incentive to drive up both I think the more relevant example is how the US manages investment in critical transportation infrastructure, and that doesnt even require innovation. They are the same multinational firms operating in other countries and selling the same drugs. But you nor your hospital paid the pharma company, they paid the PBM >There was never any need for crypto currency Of course there was and still is. The three main purposes as I see them are as follows: 1) International money transfer free of regulatory oversight. 2) Anonymous purchase and money laundering 3) Decentralized currency free of government manipulation - Bitcoin falls short of this. Cryptocurrency is a great solution for all of these needs. Of course I agree that most currencies add little or no value to their core product, especially the ICO crowd. I think black market purchases fall pretty clearly under #2 above. >If it were truly for values, I'd expect alcohol to be removed from shelves as well. Not sure why everything has to be black and white. An individual or corporation can hold values that are against smoking but ok with alcohol. Picking one and not the other does not invalidate the value. >Anecdotally, and ironically, most of the people that are aware CVS made this move are inconvenienced smokers. I'd expect a huge continued marketing campaign around this endeavor in the US, but it hasn't been as strong as many other less impressive campaigns. This is not surprising or ironic if the action was based more on ethics and less on PR/ virtue signaling. I don't think your points are mutually exclusive. In both cases, negligent government policy is fueling the deaths. They are killing chronic pain sufferers and addicts alike, and addicts are sick humans too. >You want folks with money to have “more free speech” and don’t see anything wrong with that? Yes, I don't see anything wrong with that. If I choose to print 1,000 flyers to hand out, I am using money to amplify my voice. Do you see anything wrong with this? Facebook Ads are no different. I think your numbers are pretty far off if you look at Facebook financial statements, and a more accurate cost would be around $200/yr for a daily user [1]. US & Canada had 189 million daily users and a quarterly Ad revenue of 8.487 Billion dollars. That is $45 per user per quarter. [1] https://s21.q4cdn.com/399680738/files/doc_financials/2019/q3... A more accurate cost would be around $200/yr for a daily user [1]. US & Canada had 189 million daily users and a quarterly Ad revenue of 8.487 Billion dollars. That is $45 per user per quarter. [1] https://s21.q4cdn.com/399680738/files/doc_financials/2019/q3... . >The truck drivers who lose their jobs will get new ones. Or they won't, and we will have a wave a depression, suicide, and populism. The critical factor is the rate of change. > we understand them for what they are. Im not sure if I understand what you are trying to say they were. Are you claiming that Mao and Stalin were sadists? I think it is more plausible they were altruistically motivated (greater good, ect). Inconsistency has been the known challenge of renewable for decades. You also need to duplicate the entire energy production infrastructure so that we can operate on 100% fossil fuels if the wind isnt blowing and the sun isnt shining. >Workers do not have control over the fund choices they have in their 401k. Cant they just transfer the balace to a 401k of their choice with better options? if you chose to pay fr it, it is at least worth that much. Sure, there may be a more valuable film that was never made, but that doesn't negate the net positive. I can understand but disagree with folks who don't believe in creative rights, but don't really understand your argument. If the entertainment industry has gotten gross and stagnant, it seems like the solution is to not consume it, not pirate it. This just seems like a thin excuse to steal. If people don't believe in digital copyrights, why don't they just say that instead of going on about pricing and bundles. If your mother in law is on the account and everyone on your account gets the family plan, it would make sense that each household has access. I think there is some truth to what you say, but you would be more productive if you approached the "problem" from a place of empathy, like the article discusses. A lot changes after high school/college which frankly makes learning more difficult.The nature of brain development changes, people acquire new priorities like jobs, children, and family. Additionally, they have more cognitive inertia to work against. If you are implying that harsh attacks are required to snap them out of a deep set belief, and I don't agree and have never seen it work in the real world. >Of course context matters and no sweeping generalizations can be made, but (as per the example in the article) making your grandma cry by articulating her self-inflicted harm due to smoking is, imo, much kinder and empathic than being "understanding" and keep quite maintaining her short-term good mood. That is only true if you believe making the grandma cry is in some way productive or helpful. If not, it is simply cruel. That said, I think this example isn't the best for the article's message. Where would you place saying nothing in your hierarchy. I think that saying nothing is better than being right and mean, because being right and mean is usually counter productive and reinforces the wong belief. Humans are simply wired to use aggression as overriding evidence of the person being wrong. If your goal is to change minds, it just doesn't work. This is entirely goal specific. Your position is fine when you don't need to build consensus. It would be interesting to see how the rates compare to other professions. >More than 80 law enforcement officers working today in California are convicted criminals So 80/80,000 have some sort of misdemeanor conviction. I wonder how many of those are serious and how the rate compares to doctors, politicians, and engineers I agree that there are fringe cases where individuals can separate emotional reactions from factual arguments. I would argue that it is the exception to the norm, and there is usually an implicit understanding of mutual respect My experience is that saying something and being mean leads to others doubling down on their position, unfair or not because you made yourself an enemy. Orca whales and dolphins also will hunt larger prey. One on my favorite examples is that of the orcas in Eden Australia. The orcas would shepard baleen whales to whaling vessels in the bay, then help the whalers kill them in exchange for the tongue and lips of the prey. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Killer_whales_of_Eden,_New_Sou... >People complain about how slow the DMV is, but if you ask them if they want their car registration fees increased to reduce waits, most will say "no". Despite one of the highest fees in the country, my DMV took 4 months to transfer a vehicle registration. At one point I spoke to an employee who told me they needed to go find the the appropriate microfiche to print the next form needed to continue processing. Not op, but I do think that many employees at my company dont distinguish between between republicans and kkk homophobes. >at which point we'll have a conversation, and at which point I am morally allowed to no longer tolerate you. Not op, but curious what actions or behavior you think becomes fair game. That depends on if the bank in question is subject to the federal regulations. Demand for stock is not determined by the number of outstanding shares. Buybacks are routinely priced above the list prise to ensure sales. Once the buyback occurs, the only change in corporate value should reflect the improved financial fundamentals of the company. Yes, along with 100 million other Americans who bank with credit unions. On the contrary, What is a reasonable cost/car overhead at scale for the following: 1) email + snail mail registration reminder 2) accept digital payments 3) maintain database of registered vehicles I couldn't disagree more. Walnut is an example of what happens when amateurs move into an industry without understanding the fundamentals or doing sufficient dillagence. There is no reason that Co-op workers and IT can't be paid market rates. Worker co-ops have a long and successful history. In their favor, they can run at lower costs, treat workers better, and avoid inefficient worker/owner conflicts of interest. The reason we don't see more, is because it is much harder to get off the ground without equity investment. Essentially, there is no exit to excite investors. Not if you set the correct requirements. It would be interesting to see if chess is more or less popular now. Questions of endless economic growth are a red herring/off topic. If exponential economic growth is possible now, then it should be invested in now. If yields change in the future, investment should be reassessed. You are assuming that increased resource consumption always is tied to increased GDP. Others have argued that once GDP hits a threshold, both incremental and total resource consumption decreases. For example, a richer economy might replace physical goods with digital goods which have higher value and lower resource demand. [1] Check out Andrew McAfee on More from Less >because any level of exponential growth with any level of resource consumption can't be reconciled with a finite universe. I think you misread my post. Real world growth with negative or zero resource consumption can be reconciled with a finite universe. On a mathematical level, there is no reason that GDP can not go infinite in a finite universe as GDP does not need material inputs. Just Curious: In what way is the continual improvement of tools a motivation to keep editing? Do you think that $40 million is a reasonable cost for those improvements? Seems like a terrible investment for the Gates foundation. It is highly visible and has ample public funding. Additionally, it appears that it has no budget control. Thanks for responding! So perhaps the issue is that there are two cases being conflated. In the practical sense, there is ample room for GDP growth on Earth in the immediate future. A huge portion of the population is underdeveloped while only a fraction of the world's natural resources have been extracted. Data also suggests GDP in developed economies can be increased while total resource consumption decreases once areas reach. If someone is going to make a hypothetical mathematical/universal scale argument, I think it worth pointing out that GDP is accounting construct, with no inherent tie to material reality. For example two people could sell each other arbitrary services, (eg silence), and charge arbitrary sums. >Without corporate taxes, foreign investors could extract all profits from a company, without paying any income tax in its country of residence. Howso? You still have income tax and capital gains tax. I'm not sure if you are being sarcastic or not, but somebody owns that property and is paying income or capital gains on any realized profit. As long as berkshire hathaway is paying capital gains on every investment, why would you care if the money stays invested in the company? This is a review paper. As someone who frequently conducts literature searches, I find these review papers critical to my work. If taken at face value, a it lets me know that I need not look further. If not, it is a starting point for cross-references. That said, I would have liked to see a methods section with a list of search terms. There is obviously a tradeoff between risk and speed. The article provides evidence that speed is increasing. I don't think the article provides any compelling argument that approvals are too fast. Do you? I thought the FDA summed it it up well in the article: >“We would expect every once in a while that we would be wrong,” with an accelerated approval, she said. “Otherwise, we aren’t taking any chances, we are still making them wait too long to get their hands on this therapy that will extend their lives.” Im not familiar with his work, but from what you posted, it seems Prasad takes issue with the use of surrogate end points in trials, not fast track approvals. I tend to agree that surrogates and bio markers are a huge problem, but think they are a necessary evil. Drug development would screech to a halt if developers had to wait another 4-5 years for survival data. What we need is more Pase 4 postmarket trials with direct endpoints. Interestingly, the paper linked shows that in some respects, fast tracked drugs have a better track reccord. This shouldnt be surprising as the best drugs are fast tracked. >18 drugs failed to improve overall survival (in 6 of 15 accelerated approvals and in 12 of 21 traditional approvals) I was skeptical at first, but you are right Today, there are ~77 million Americans over 60. In 2040, there will be ~100 million Americans over 60. I thought so as well, but it simply isn't true. Total number of folks in their 60s will continue to grow. Today, there are ~77 million Americans over 60. In 2040, there will be ~100 million Americans over 60. You can play with the numbers here. https://www.populationpyramid.net/united-states-of-america/2... 49% of a growing company is better than 51% of a failed company. 49% voting shares plus 51 other investors is still de facto control. I agree there will be a small peak, but there is no cliff on the other side. 5 years is a pretty small range to look at 10 years you get the following: There are 37.5 million folks in their 60s now. There will be 40 million folks in their 60s in 2030 there will be 39 million folks in their 60s in 2040. Thanks. Its shocking how many posters in that thread thought it was entirely appropriate for the state to retain the profits. Sorry for any confusion, I looked at the numbers both ways. As posted elsewhere: There are 37.5 million folks in their 60s now. There will be 40 million folks in their 60s in 2030. There will be 39 million folks in their 60s in 2040. I think the controversial idea is that the USA healthcare system is operating on the same efficiency curve as other developed nations. That is to say, a socialized healthcare system with the same spending is unlikely to provide any improvements in life expectancy. Causation isn't mutually exclusive. The relationship between obesity and heart disease is clearly causative. Any causation between income and obesity does not negate this.. This is an important distinction. It is much worse than that. 40% of american men are obese, which,for the average body type, is ~50 lbs above normal. From wikipedia: >The National Center for Health Statistics at the CDC showed that 39.6% of US adults age 20 and older were obese as of 2015-2016 (37.9% for men and 41.1% for women).[1] Obesity in an adult is defined as a BMI of 30 and above. The Average american male is 5'10. A "normal healthy" BMI of 22 is 153 lbs. A BMI of 30 is 209 lbs. [2] [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Obesity_in_the_United_States [2] https://www.nhlbi.nih.gov/health/educational/lose_wt/BMI/bmi... Broadly speaking, yes. The post suggests that we are operating in a regime where outcomes are insensitive to cost. I would never claim that income/poverty is the root cause of obesity, as obesity poorly correlated with income in the US. Obesity is prevalent in both the middle class and poor, with the middle class slightly leading the poor[1] >39% of people ≤130% of the federal poverty line (FPL) are obese. >40.8% of people 130 to 350% of the FPL are obese. While individuals should be brought out of poverty for other reasons, it is not a cure-all for obesity. If anything can be implied by the correlation, it will make the problem worse, and the healthcare system should prepare for this. [1] https://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/volumes/66/wr/mm6650a1.htm >society is in pretty damn good shape considering how safe modern vehiclular travel is While driving at large is safe, there are a few high risk subsets of driving: speeding, drunk driving, and inclimate weather. GPs in the US also tell people to exercise and lose weight. >Second potential bias is possibly how many patients continued with "bad behaviours" after the surgery vs. the stent. My understanding is that open heart surgical intervention is much more effective at inducing behavior change. If so, what does that imply that cardiologists should recommend? Should a more invasive procedure be used, simply for the fact it is more invasive? Should the stenting procedure be made more painful? I would like to learn more. Do you have a source? Thanks! And James Watt based horsepower itself on the 1700s horse-to-mining pony ratio. I think you are making of conflating how a socially raised human would behave in the the wild with how a feral human would behave. Despite nearly 8 billion people on Earth, we have very little data on human cognitive development when isolated from other humans. I think this may be the same data/paper for free : https://www.hou.usra.edu/meetings/ninthmars2019/pdf/6027.pdf >Actual evidence consistently shows that mild penalties with a high probability of enforcement are most effective at maximizing compliance. I find it hard to believe that mild penalties are more effective deterent than high penalties and high enforcement. That said, the punishment should still fit the crime I get what you are saying about tipping points, but in your example, but i would fault a bad law, not the enforcement. If the speed limits are universally hated, the community should raise them. Instead they chose to ignore and arbitrarily enforce them, most likely against minorities and the poor. Why keep undesireable laws on the book? The public should want the law enforced. I think /r/PoliticalDiscussion is a great example of this. Up until 2016 there was a lot of active debate and ~50k subscribers. Now there are ~750k subscribers and only ~2 posts allowed per day. Must be exhausting for the mods. I wonder if the same company could silo content to address this effect. Essentially have the same staff support multiple sites with identical backends. One which is child friendly, one racists, one for porn, ect. If creators get flagged too much, they just get bumped to a different silo, but you still take their money. In this example, what is fairness, if not the most accurate prediction possible? That is incredibly vague. What effect and what policy? Abstaining from topics where you have conflicts of interests IS integrity. I tend to agree, but think that there is a line somewhere where it become price gouging. What if Lyft or uber have data that you have a flight to catch, are 9 months pregnant, or disabled? >Since it's illegal to hire based on intelligence in the US, we have to come up with other proxies for it. Where are you getting this from? Mental disability is a protected class but not the same as intelligence. Interesting read, as was https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ricci_v._DeStefano I'm glad I don't have to worry about hiring. Seems like employers are caught in a catch-22. Yes, This is essentially the only model in Pharma and bio-med. I think another factor is that it is much harder to defend high risk investment from corruption and cronyism. >her job is literally to create javascript notifications of company policy, I think there is a reasonable difference between security notifications and other corporate policies. Were non-security notifications in scope for their job or the tool used? >by an employee whose job it was to do exactly this kind of thing.. I think this is the crux of the issue and people are making up the facts they don't have to fit a narrative. There is a reasonable difference between security notifications and other corporate policies. Were any non-security notifications in scope for their job or the tool used? Is there precedent for google flagging specific external websites with HR policy notices? it is not uncommon do mothball planes and return them to service. Here is a decent article from when many were mothballed in 2009: https://www.cbsnews.com/news/airlines-park-idle-planes-in-th... My understanding is that the carboniferous was a particularly productive coal forming period, but in no way unique. The majority of the coal on earth has been formed since the carboniferous and the process is ongoing today. Figure 1 in the link below provides a good demonstration of north american coal formation over time/ https://www.pnas.org/content/113/9/2442 I Think there is some confusion between coal formation rate and coal formation volume. My understanding is that more coal has been formed since the cretaceous than during the cretaceous. Figure 1 in the link below provides a good demonstration of north american coal formation over time. https://www.pnas.org/content/113/9/2442 I would love to see the numbers on that. What i often seen is the number of teens who have vaped in the last year compared to habitual smokers If someone doesn't hit FU at $1M in the bank, you probably never will, which is ok. $1M is about 20 years of coast on a modest bay area mortgage + family healthcare. I'm not the original commenter, but I think you are vastly oversimplifying the situation. Most jobs are not black and white in one category or the other. There are people who will never be completely happy with any job, and there are local maxima, where one might not reasonably expect a better fit to exist. >Or am I giving the average person too much credit? Another consideration is that this is an irrelevant question for your average person, or even 99.9% of the population. Would you say the same of candy, alcohol, or videogames? Why not? If you have a partner, you would be able to cover half a mortgage, and if not you can get a roommate. I know tons of people who aren't in tech that make ~50K. It makes sense because 50K is pretty close to the median per capita income in SF [1] and a starting teachers salary [2]. [1] https://smartasset.com/retirement/average-salary-in-san-fran... [2] https://www.salary.com/research/salary/benchmark/public-scho... Perhaps that gets at my intended point, which is that different people have different comfort and stability thresholds. If someone doesn't feel comfortable leaving a job to bet on a startup project with 20 years of mortgage payments in the bank, it is unlikely they ever will. A million dollar home mortgage is about 5k a month. Half is 2.5k/mo, or 30k a year. How so? 3k a month is a lot of fun money. I wholeheartedly agree 50K is a miserable salary in the Bay, but the original premise was $1M in the bank: >I feel like it is hard for people to say what they truly love before they have at least $1M in their bank account. If you have FU money, your view on working at a FAANG vs building a startup can change. You will find it easier to know what you truly LOVE The question wasn't if you can retire, or live of the investment income, but one of perceived finical security. If someone is too afraid to try working at a startup with $1M cash in the bank, it is unlikely they ever will. Even if someone has kids and family, $1M provides a huge buffer to find a new job if the startup doesn't work out. Maybe 20 years is a stretch, but I am utterly baffled that other posters think this would only cover 2 years of spending... >A substantial portion of the population believes it. I think it is somewhat disingenuous to suggest that these people were simply duped. The average person has tons of exposure to government incompetence in other arenas. Being wildly expensive and vulnerable does not necessarily mean it can't provide $13B of value You might find the the paper [1] and HN submission interesting. I believe it addresses every concern you raised, and comes to the opposite conclusion. [1] https://fermatslibrary.com/s/the-silurian-hypothesis-would-i... [2] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21840320 Many federal, state, and county employees already alternate Fridays off. I think getting rid of employer based healthcare would be a huge step forward towards this type of flexibility. I think most employers would be more open to this, but know they have fixed costs per employee and it is too difficult to to determine what a pro rated salary would be. better yet, separate 401K and all other benefits while you are at it It would be interesting to find out how many US workers actually do 40/8 Based on this [1] paper, 85% of white collar workers are exempt from the 40 hour week limit. p38560, https://www.govinfo.gov/content/pkg/FR-2015-07-06/pdf/2015-1... Google and the OP are failing in different ways. Google is failing to identify and extract more valuable labor from OP. OP failing to manage their emotional engagement is a separate criticism. I think it is just an optimal solution for large companies with disposable income. A company I worked at hired smart engineer with a masters from Berkeley, and then tasked him with breaking down cardboard boxes and other mundane tasks. The fact that they were grossly overqualified for any of the tasks was a advantage because they were flexible, and reliably needed no oversight. If money isn't an object, why not get the best tools possible. The problem is not a zero sum game. There is no reason to believe that private capital used to convert coal to gas would be spent instead on renewables. Additionally, 100% renewables is not viable today outside of specific locations with concentrated hydroelectric power. Not to mention the costs to offset the carbon impact of the pony's feed. Do you have any information you can share regarding the highway? I live next to one This is fairly common in M&A and is called a "reverse termination or reverse breakup fee". In addition to the direct cost of having a deal fall through, you can imagine other damages from having a major competitor scrutinize your books. Some notable reverse break up fees include: * a 6 Billion dollar fee AT&T incurred for failing to complete a purchase of T-mobile. * A 10 Billion fee (avoided) if Verizon backed out of buying Vodafone's stake in Verizon. I tend to agree.It will be interesting to see how post-boomers reconcile the pervasiveness you mention with their safety minded pro-scocial worldview. Both are obviously a gamble, but pharma is more of a black box than tech. As an investor, I can make an informed option whether there is a market for subscription indoor cycles like an Peloton. I could be wrong, but I can look up the market numbers and weigh them against my personal experience and world view. When it comes to pharma, almost nobody has domain expertise of the subject. To put it another way, the leading risk in tech is market adoption, while the leading risk pin Biopharma is technical feasibility. I'm curious what part of the experiment you find objectionable and why. Is it the destruction of a life-form? Is it the creation of a different life form? Why does it matter if they are equivalent? It is unclear what differentiates EQRx from other pharma companies. As the article points out: >The idea of creating a “fast-follower” — a new drug that is much like an existing one — is anything but new. All I see is the claim to come in with competitive pricing - something else that is anything but new. >But fast-followers do not compete on price, because lowering price has not historically resulted in selling more units of a drug. Yeah, I believe a number of biosimilars have entered the market with steep discounts as well. I'm still skeptical. It seems like this approach would be harder than making a biosimilar drug, which still takes >$100 million and 5-8 years. Pharmacies are not allowed to fill will biologic generics without FDA bio-interchangeable approval, which no biologic in the US has obtained. They would not be able to substitute an alternative drug either. I don't understand how researchers can meaningfully separate European and US RND. The pharmaceutical Market is international and both us and European companies expect to commercialize in both regions What do you mean by there are only legal protections for generics? As I understand it, original developers have the protections, not generics . >although personally I've always wondered why this is desirable Most people finding waiting to board unpleasant and want it over ASAP. For me personally, it is often less comfortable in the terminal for a number of reasons. The climate and noise is worse, I must keep an eye on luggage, and I have a mild anxiety about inexplicably losing my documentation or becoming too engrossed in whatever activity I am doing while I wait. Alternatively, I could be sitting, stretching, taking off my shoes, ordering a drink, and focusing my full attention work/entertainment/sleep for that 20 minutes. It is still much more pleasant to do it sitting down with a drink, than breaking focus every 30 seconds to check your boarding status. I would never consider waiting in a lounge past the start of boarding. The risk of having to reschedule a $5K flight is to great to justify the reward. If I'm not going to be in the lounge, I'm back to minimizing the time at the gate. I don't think we can make that claim. There is no reason to believe the problems will affect both algorithms the same way. Some may be more fragile or failure resistant to different failure modes. >Second, often this “awareness” is completely absent, even among volunteers. I ran a race once where the primary charity was lung cancer research, and volunteers along the course were smoking. What exactly is the issue with volunteers smoking? Is it that they might physically or emotionally trigger someone? I dont even think you need the explosion. You can imagine two gas sheets sliding along eachother. All of the vortices formed between them will spin in the same plane. You can imagine similar trends for interacting spheres and other geometries. I am honestly still missing exactly what the poster finds offensive. Is it a fear of second hand smoke related illness? Do they find the irony upsetting? Something else Yes, cigarettes cause lung cancer. Does that mean smokers should be disqualified for volunteering at a lung cancer charity? They probably have more of a vested interest in the charity than the general population. Sometimes text is not the best medium for communication. I intdended to ask a concise and honest question and I am sorry if you took offense. >What exactly is the issue with volunteers smoking? Is it that they might physically or emotionally trigger someone? Triggered isn't exclusively a slur, but a real phenomenon, though often misused. Smoke triggering a physical reaction in a post-op cancer survivor may be a legitimate concern, as would be triggering a emotional response in people who lost a loved one. It was not and is not clear from Ken's post that this was his rationale, and rather some relation between smoking and cause "awareness". I have lost family members to lung cancer, and have other family members who still smoke. I have seen people smoke as they die of lung cancer. I do not think it is for lack of "awareness". Also, it seems like you have a very different mental image of what was described, and a very different reaction to it. Seeing someone self harm at such and event would make me sad, not angry. They are literally the class of people the event is trying to support. Little known fact: Chernobyl was still a functional power plant after the meltdown and the remaining 3 reactors in the building were operated until 91, 96, and 2000. Ten plants of same design are still operational today. It is pretty easy to justify the methods most of the time. Animal testing is often the best, if not only way to get data. The data may lead to the betterment of human lives, so you weigh the potential human benefit against the lives of the mice. Most animal researchers believe it would be unethical to not conduct the testing. The studies should still be run in a way to minimize the number of animals while collecting the best possible data. Source: experience in animal testing. >It's asking what it says about the so-called life sciences that they are based on torturing living beings. I think it says more about the observer than life sciences. Morality in the real world is complex and most of the heuristics we use in our daily lives rapidly break down when examining most anything in detail. While life sciences have a tremendous potential to help humans and the world at large, but there are also hidden costs that laypeople may not be aware of. > We should be minimizing harm and refusing to cross certain lines. Do you think the researchers in this paper failed or minimize harm or crossed certain lines? If so, where would you draw them? If conducted or published in the US, they almost certainly went through an independent animal use review. >The benefit of their suffering is nowhere near developing vaccines for harmful diseases (at this point, anyway) 1) They did more than see if their hair turned white. They identified the protein responsible for stem cell death and methods to suppress the stem cell death. 2) Science is additive. Nearly every single medical product you benefit from today was supported by hundreds of modest animal experiments. It probably was a valuable experiment and took efforts to minimize unnecessary harm to the animals? >but this is what's so bothersome. why is human experience put above that of the mouse? There is no argument anyone can make for preference or equivalence that reduce to an arbitrary ethical foundation. I, and I think most people, just care about humans more than mice. That said, I would question what exactly is the cause of bother. Is it bothersome because: A) People honestly believe that a human life is equivalent to that of a mouse, or a number of mice? B) It brings to light an uncomfortable but ethically justified reality of the world we live in. You make a an accurate observation that human stress is often self induced, but I don't know how stress free pre-modern society was. From my experience, it is human nature to identify threats and feel stress, under just about any condition. Furthermore, I can't imagine that a "natural society" was stress free, with food scarcity, low life expectancy, and high infant mortality. Fair enough. Do you have a specific question regarding the standards, or an opinion on if this should have been allowed? In my experience, the standard for mammal studies is the experiment must be of scientific merit and minimize unnecessary harm to the animals. nonhuman primates are treated separate and have a much higher bar. Im not sure we are in disagreement. We do have some good tools to examine arguments. Most tools to judge moral frameworks are relatively poor. Most of the heuristics people use in their daily were learned from Disney and are garbage. You sign a contract, TOS, ect? >Hubble's tuning fork has been more or less the standard for a century now. It's done a decent job, but there have been some galaxies that don't fit the pattern. For example, one might have a small bulge but tight arms, or another with a large bulge and fairly open arms. If there's a galaxy that didn't quite fit, astronomers usually used the arm structure to place it in the diagram. More specificly, it suggests that there are additional categories that should be added. The fork used 2 variables to come up with 6 combinations: bulge size( with 3 states) and bar presence (with 2 states). A third variable, arm angle, was assumed to be linked with bulge size. the data suggests that arm angle does not have the relation to bulge size that was assumed. I think the argument is that relative value to an employer translates to absolute value to the employee. The rewards of effort, ambition, and talent are absolutely diluted by that of others. Yeah, I wish the article was more clear on why Rosenhan's article was important and what exactly is claimed in The Great Pretender . Re-reading the article, It seems to suggest that it undermined public trust in forced psychiatric treatment. I can only guess that the author believes this was for the worse and is the titular setback? throughout the article I was confused by the term "pseudo-patient". What does it mean in this context? Did Roseanhan claim to have a dr-patient relationship with them. Do they just mean alleged-patients or alleged study subjects? The only think I find more terrifying than a mental illness misdiagnosis, is a misdiagnosis with forced incarceration. Assuming Rosenhan's study was fictional, what was his intent? Was it a lie intentionally designed to discredit, destroy, or reform these institutions? I agree that forced incarceration is pretty rare now, but it was much more common at the time of the Rosenhan study. Electroshock therapy was also in vogue, and psychiatric lobotomy was still practiced in some countries one might assume that those who need to know are in response rooms and have more current information. Im not sure that a minor delay to the general public makes any difference whatsoever on outcomes. I had a similar reaction when the WHO daily situation report linked to the wrong document today (now fixed). https://www.who.int/emergencies/diseases/novel-coronavirus-2... As I understand the argument, the money is coming from investors in the looser fund, which usually still makes a modest profit, and has great branding from also managing the winner fund. If RenTec medallion fund is capped at 10B and their other funds are 100B, every 1% profit they transfer is 10% performance improvement in medallion. As long as the large fund is still profitable, it is basically a management fee. Alternatively, the looser fund could be another external fund, operating in cahoots using a complementary strategy to launder monday. >This means those occupying the "top" jobs have a much, much, much longer tenure than their predecessors. It seems like tenure would only increase if the "top" positions were staffed with individual of an age consistent with the past. At face value, I think it is equally plausible that tenure has stayed to same but entry age to the top positions has increased. I think performance relative to the market is irrelevant to the strategy. making a profit /= beating the market. People invest in hedge funds all the time that under-perform the market. In this case, the sucker fund just sucks a little more than usual. while the sucker fund under-performs the market, the firm also looks like hot shit because the winner fund is the most profitable fund on earth. It is a real time map of data that has been reported. Very late relative to what? Certainly later than one would hope, but is there a real world benchmark for the handling situations like this that they fell short of? Have similar viruses crossed over in other countries and been handled better? >The only real expertise in the world to make these vaccines in a quantity and a safety environment is in the private sector ... >A number of flu vaccine manufacturers were left on the hook with ordered but unpaid for vaccine during the mild 2009 H1N1 flu pandemic. Expecting pharma to act as charitable NGOs seems like an unstable solution. Moreso as the PR vale decreases with public attention span. Who is working on the vaccines for 2019-ncov? Or maybe governments could pay them for the vaccines they order? Alternatively, the government could hire the expertise to make vaccines. >nationalize, verb, (of a government) to take control of a business or industry[1] Nationalizing a company or industry is very different than paying a company to do something on contract or hiring government employees to do the work. Nationalization usually involves the seizure of a business or forced buyout, and then making it illegal for competition to form. Pharmaceuticals don't want to make vaccines and aren't standing in the way. If the government really thinks that it can make vaccines cheaper, it should make a factory and hire workers. [1] https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/national... >we're largely using "the most good" to mean "the most good for shareholders An alternative framing is that, "doing the most good" is determined by what the public is willing to pay for. The public thinking cancer treatments are very good because the impacts are immediate and obvious. The public also cares deeply about their wiener. "Stop or we will be forced to harm ourselves" Yeah, it is far from perfect. It relies on people in mass, and collectively, to want good things. That said, it is a hell of a lot better than most of the alternatives. furthermore, I think there is a decent amount of abandoned IP from antibiotic companies that folded. I don't think anyone has found it viable to even manufacture them at a profit. And because taxpayers didn't want to pay for it. woulding aligning holidays with flu season exacerbate the spread of the flu as everyone travels? alternatively, we could look at markets like the EU and China, and see how many vaccines they come up with. Perhaps we are already in a sweet spot, and neither more or less markets is the solution. Maybe they should nationalize tech. By most metrics it is far worse than the pharma industry. It has higher revenue, higher profits, and higher percent profits. Pharma has provided tremendous benefit to society, curing disease, subsets of cancer, blindness, improving countless lives. On the other hand, many argue that much of tech is detrimental to society, encouraging instant gratification at the cost of long term happiness. Apple's 2019 revenue was >260B USD. More than the top 5 pharma companies combined. There are examples linked elsewhere in this thread of novel antibiotic companies with FDA approval declaring bankruptcy due to lack of revenue. We intentionally want to limit the use of novel antibiotics to as few cases as possible to minimize resistance. Combined with price controls, this kills the economic viability. I think it is some event, but the importance scales depending on your distance to it. I have had coworkers whose departure was a major shakeup to me and my life. More distant coworkers have provoked some thoughts. The departure of someone at another firm usually has no relevance to the general public. I think it is reasonable to make a statement, but wonder who the target audience was in this case. The problem is is that the average is presented without the range and called normal or typical. you may live your life and never experience an average day. Why is the content a more appropriate topic than the format? This is a tech forum, not a climate news forum. Ballpark numbers from google: recommended words per slide: 20 recommended time per slide: 2 minutes Average academic words per page: 600 nobody is sitting through a 10 hour ppt deck either. Hi Dang, I wasn't suggesting that all topics must focus on tech, but that the majority of Hacker News users come from tech, and may therefore have an interest in the technical presentation of the submission. My apologies if this was not clear. I think that if users find technical aspects of an article a more interesting topic of discussion than the content, they should be free to discuss it in this forum. I do not think that the guidelines should be updated to prohibit "off topic" criticism, as the parent comment suggested. It already is in California as well It becomes a little more tricky when it is optional, as in this case. The only thing that gets searched is a bag if you choose to bring it to work. The simple solution for ape is to ban bags at work so nobody gets searched. One thing that I always struggle with in these arciles is how the percent of common DNA is defined. >We still think that most – anywhere between about 92% and 98.5% – of the ancestry in people not living in Africa today does indeed derive from the out-of-Africa expansion. >Interestingly, they suggest that 6%-7% of the genomes of West Africans is archaic in origin. But this archaic ancestry wasn’t Neanderthal or Denisovan. How are these numbers reconciled with other statements like 99% of the human genome is shared with Bonobos [1] https://www.sciencemag.org/news/2012/06/bonobos-join-chimps-... My point exactly. How can a homo sapien in Europe share 99% of their genome with a Bonobo, but only 92% with another homo sapien in Africa Thank you. This is very helpful! That depends. As long as new drugs provide incremental impact, the benefit should be cumulative over time. Maybe not the area of healthcare spend with the highest ROI, but not a waste in isolation I think it depends on the topic and intensity. For example, significant anger over poor freeway design and traffic is extremely common and not a sight of a psychological disorder. Same with terrible UI on common apps >So, I think to myself, is the whole world just lazy? Stupid? Apathetic? Why would somebody make this thing the way it is, and think it is acceptable? In my personal opinion, yes, the designers probably don't care about your use case, or about the product at all. The designers were probably happy to collect a check and go home. There are tons of organizational challenges that can lead good designers to make crappy product. What I had in mind was more along the lines of fixed fee development in India and China. As others stated, I think you might need to adjust your expectations and think of the big picture. Humanity is amazing, but far from perfect, and will always fall short if you compare it to some imaginary ideal. Try thinking of it this way:The closest living species to humans practices casual rape, murder, and infanticide. There were closer species, but humans likely hunted and raped them to extinction. With these humble beginnings, it is amazing that most people can walk down the street safely (and that the street was built at all). More than 7 billion humans now live on this planet and for the most part peacefully coexist. Life expectancy and quality of life has never been higher and violence has never been lower. These metrics continue to improve over time. Viewed from this perspective, issues of crappy UX seem insignificant. Hope this helps As others said, why should it matter? I would be happy even if he got an 100% tax credit. what percent of tax revenue would have gone to climate change vs bombing some civilians in Afghanistan. I think 20% of tax revenue and 50% of discretionary budget goes to the military. I think this is too much and that there are areas with much better ROI where this money could be spent. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_federal_budget I was using the bombing of civilians as a illustrative example and dont know the true cost, as it would depend on how you choose to measure it. For example, if you divided the appropriated 750 billion for the war in Afghanistan by the 40k civilians killed,you would get around 50 million per civilian. This neglects the time value of money, so in that respect, it would be an underestimate. However, this is all besides the point I stated in my last post. It seems you have on opinion on the subject, and if you would like to discuss it, I suggest you state it plainly. This depends on the doctor, patient, location, and reason. I have never been turned down for additional medications. My roommate just got a 3 month supply of all of controlled painkillers upon request. Also, If you have a life-sustaining medication and can afford it, it is probably a good idea to have a supply even if you have to pay out of pocket. Designing, building, and successfully flying a manned homemade rocket isn't impossible. It is improbable, difficult, and dangerous. As an aside, I think there is a huge danger in poorly challenging incorrect statements on the internet and elsewhere. Dehumanizing or disrespecting others is one of the easiest dangers, as is challenging with a incomplete or fallacious counter. These only add fuel to the fire. Probably. Is it accurate? I find your post really interesting and am having trouble unpacking it. It seems to me that there are many contradictions, but perhaps I missunderstood. You say that there are no sides, but end by railing on trump. You say that the reason for failure doesn't matter, but provide a list of reasons. You claim that health insurance is the cause of no testing, when the article stated that the CDC refused to conduct or approve testing. If you sentiment is that this is not the time to focus on partisanship, I wholeheartedly agree. If you sentiment is we should be solution minded, I wholeheartedly agree. The focus should be on determining what we can do NOW to save the most lives. There will be plenty of time later to assign blame and discuss long term fixes. Both government and individual responsibility are critical and necessary to controlling the outbreak. The government can not wash your hands for you, or preemptively tell if you becoming sick. I don't see how reminding people of their individual responsibility is detrimental to a government response. I think the problem is identifying the behavior as a problem characteristic of the church or sect. This seems like victim blaming to me, especially when there have been there are countless mistakes being made across nations, religions, and organizations. An alternative framing, which I believe to be more productive, is for the entire community to take ownership. "we messed up, we need to do better" At a time like this, we need to partisanship aside and and focus on solutions, not blame. There will be plenty of time for a post-mortem after the crisis has passed. That sounds like abhorrent and stupid behavior, but I'm still unclear on how it is specific to their cult. Do they not believe in viruses or something? Do we see other people in society working while ill or hiding their identities? Has this been seen in China or other locations? I don't claim to have all the details, but worry that some group is being scapegoated while a larger problem is being ignored. The NPR article in particular was pretty bad [1]. >Critics say the disease may have spread within the church quickly because of the way that it worships. "Shincheonji followers hold services sitting on the floor, without any chairs," packed together "like bean sprouts," > "A bigger problem is that they shout out 'amen' after every sentence the pastor utters, pretty much every few seconds. And they do that at the top of their lungs," [1] https://www.npr.org/sections/goatsandsoda/2020/02/24/8089147... It seems that the medical community is converging on SARS-CoV-2, which is pretty close to your suggestion. Very helpful! I was just looking for this. Thank you I just felt the whole article was undermined by the focus on religious nonconformity. It will be interesting to see how the subject is white Protestants passing the virus at church and work. I doubt their religion will be framed as the problem. The religious aspect also obstructs the more interesting questions of privacy I generally agree that society benefits from IP. I think IP is required to monitize valuable ideaS, and monitzation leads to social availability. On the personal level, I would not like it if publishers could freely print the works of new authors, or engineering solutions I spend years on could be copy and pasted. Some people prefer Creative Commons, and they are free to publish their work that way. Others need or want financial compensation. Somewhat tangentially, in some fields and jurisdictions, the legal code which is enforced is copyrighted and paywalled by third parties or the Gov. itself. https://www.aclu.org/blog/free-speech/court-tells-georgia-it... I think we can align on the lack of evidence presented. There is also the question on what agreed to means in this sense. In terms of public opinion, it would be interesting to know what studies have been done. I imagine if you would get broad support for an author copyrighting a book, and less on patenting a pre-existing genetic sequence. As another unsubstantiated claim, I think if you sat down with the general public and the criteria for patents, they would mostly agree. The challenge has to do with implementing them and the legal process around them. If a crappy patent is issued to large corporation, it is incredibly expensive to challenge them. I work in the US and this is our policy. 2 week self isolation after travel to affected countries and all non-critical work travel is cancelled, including domestic. >You are most contagious just prior to symptoms Do you have a reputable source for that? The WHO, CDC, and EU state that asymptomatic transmission is minor if it happens at all from your CDC link >Can someone spread the virus without being sick? People are thought to be most contagious when they are most symptomatic (the sickest). Some spread might be possible before people show symptoms; there have been reports of this occurring with this new coronavirus, but this is not thought to be the main way the virus spreads. It really depends on what you think the risk level is. The theater holds about 3500 people. If you believe the numbers, about 1 in 35000 people in mainland China has the [active] virus. If you filled the theater with random mainlanders, independent of if they are obviously sick, you would get a sick attendee once in 10 events. Edit: active If the airlines stop servicing japan, I would hope they get a refund >It’s only money It will be interesting to compare the death tolls from the covid-19 to the economic recession it causes. For example, the there were an estimated 500,000 additional cancer deaths between 2008 and 2010 due to unemployment and healthcare cuts [1]. When you consider other diseases, you are easily in the millions dead. [1] https://www.thelancet.com/journals/lancet/article/PIIS0140-6... I totally agree. If you did have a sick attendee, there would be a lot of exposure. 3500+ a few hundred. I also assumed that attendees were unlikely to contact an infections person, develop the disease, and progress themselves to a infectious state during the course of their trip. From what I have read, the median time from exposure to onset of illness is 4 days (interquartile range 3-5 days), and from onset of symptoms to first hospital admission is 2 (1-4) days.[1] If you believe the CDC, WHO, and EU that asymptomatic transmission is minimal, the latter number is the risky period. [1] https://www.bmj.com/content/368/bmj.m606 How long would it take to set up the factory and the are the source materials available? Let’s all hope it doesn’t surpasses the flu in terms of prevalence. The flu infects a billion people a year Are you volunteering to take the vaccine? yes, and the transponder signal must identify the air-frame, you so you may need hardware for each of the drones. Of course, this transponder could easily be disabled or omitted by someone with nefarious intent. I would be interested to see that study. My understanding is that the WHO, CDC, & EU all say that asymptomatic shedding theoretically possible but highly unlikely? Can you comment on the resemblance between a Burrito from Chihuahua and California? I think a central part of the Pizza effect is not that Pizza didn't exist in Italy, but that it was radically changed by Italian Americans. I think there a a number of cases where cities and individuals are acting irrationally. The city of Monetary, CA, is refusing to disembark a cruise ship from San Francisco, CA, which boarded less than a day before 100 miles away. San Francisco has not had any cases of the virus and the ship screened passengers for fever. There is also a lot of phobia and persecution of Asian Americans, despite the fact that most US cases are not Asian. Not a trump fan, but I would say it is roughly equivalent to GW Bush's "Mission Accomplished" speech, which is still shamelessly taken out of context. >it would become economic to fund solutions for common conditions that aren't currently considered profitable. How would eliminating the profit margin make it more economically attractive develop these products? Perhaps more solutions would be developed, but they would have to be subsidized. Agreed. Outcome based pricing is a pretty easy step in the right direction and helps to aligns the stakeholders.The drug company only gets paid if the patients get the desired outcome. The current system is completely bonkers. Insurance company profits are capped at a fixed percent, so they want to drive costs as high as possible. Pharma Benefit managers get paid by insurance based on list prices, so they also want to maximize price. Lastly, the manufacturer gets paid by PBMs based on list price minus kickbacks, and obviously wants to turn a profit Someone still has to pay workers to make the drug at the end of the day. They don't work for free any more than doctors If workers aren't getting paid directly, they would be paid by tax dollars. The only questions are: 1) can nationalized companies make drugs cheaper? 2) If yes, are there second order effects, like reduced drug innovation. I wholeheartedly agree, but that doesn't mean that government employees build all the roads, schools, and parks. This is often done by for-profit companies and payed for with tax dollars it not really a ten paragraph statement: Masks work, but healthcare workers need them more. I think a seperate and perfectly valid question is if public consumption of masks has had any impact on the health supply chain. My understanding is the two are unrelated. Masks are had to come by because manufacturers are selling their entire capacity to hospital and consumer stores are not being restocked. The state and the fed (in the US) have tens of millions of masks, and are releasing some but not all of them to the hospitals. Hospitals are not competing for the masks at hardware stores or amazon. If anything, I wish the media would urge people to wear masks with lower ratings than N95. Perfect is the enemy of the good. Catching even half particulate when an infected person coughs would be huge. prevention /= harm reduction. condoms aren't 100% effective, but still worth using. The whole topic is a red herring. The production is going to the hospitals and the government also has a stockpile, which they are partially distributing. http://www.capradio.org/articles/2020/03/03/california-to-di... http://www.capradio.org/articles/2020/03/03/california-to-di... Can you share a link? How precise is the genetic analysis? Could it distinguish between if this individual is patient zero, or if they caught it from another theoretical individual on the same plane from Wuhan to seattle, who did not quarantine? Also, there is no evidence that it didnt work. The goal is to slow infection, not prevent it. We could hypothetically have a much greater infection rate than we do today. Yes, for example: California has 3 day universal sick leave Compensation for sick individuals who can not work Compensation for business impacted by the virus A sizable stockpile of masks I wish we had developed an independent test method from the CDC. Yes and no. People keep turning to the media because our institutional outlets provide inadequate information for the majority of the population. The institutions default to saying nothing useful because they are scared of blow-back. I check my city, county, state, and world health sites and there is simply inadequate for my needs. I want to know what closures are in place in my community. I want to know if asymptomatic transmission is real. I want to know if there is a plan to widen the testing criteria. >I am disgusted at even a mention of these kind of 'calculations'. These calculations have to be made because economic impacts also have a death toll. It all comes back to saving lives in the end. >I am prepared to take a hit in my earnings, paying higher taxes if needed after this if that is what it takes for at least one person more to live. As a side note, you can do this any time, and unrelated to the pandemic. There are charities you can donate to to save lives if you are so inclined. I would say that broadly speaking, media is better than the institutional outlets for providing information. You have to sift through the garbage, but the content exits. to use the topics I listed above as an examples, I can find more details on local closures and outbreaks in the local news the local department of public health. Similarly, I have found coverage and links to medical journal publications embedded in articles. Lastly, the institutions are avoiding disclosure of next steps or plans like the plague ( no pun intended). Either they have no plan for the days to come, or they are intentionally withholding information. On the other hand, there are a number of media outlets, mostly non-traditional, that are providing projections based on other counties. Depends on how much of a discount you want and how fast the rebound will be. The S&P 500 has now given up 2.5 years of growth. I don't think it will spring within a week of bottoming out Not op. There are also good reasons to donate money today instead of tomorrow. Positive change in the world can also accumulate interest of time, and problems can also get worse over time That is true and I agree. I would just point out that the unfortunate reality we live in is that the government sites are doing a terrible job of informing. >or be purchased by users Didn't the users already purchase the app with their tax dollars? I hope they embed helpful PSAs as adds. Agreed, the list is endless. Public buses compete with taxis and public news competes with MSM That doesn’t necessarily mean a plane designed entirely be civil servants would be better. This machinery is made by a global company based in Switzerland, not the US One simple reason is that there is no time to means test the solution. It could take months if not years to do income and asset verification for every american and determine who would qualify >How bad is it for all these "old people" if they are dead? It would be really nice to hear compassion instead of worry about money. Economic factors should absolutely be taken into account. Money pays for life saving medication and treatments. Tax money from the economy pays for social medicine. For example, 280,000 EXTRA people died from cancer between 2008-2010 in the OCED. When you consider heart disease, other indications, and the rest of the world, you are talking millions of lives. Far more people could easily die from the economic fallout in the US than the virus. https://www.thelancet.com/journals/lancet/article/PIIS0140-6... Not OP, but leaving your house has always been explicitly dangerous. You could give someone a flu or kill someone in a no fault auto accident. The risk is always a matter of degree. What is a reasonable threshold should be open to debate. Ignoring China and Japan as outliers. The US, Germany, France, and Spain have nearly identical growth curves so far. It will be interesting to see if the US will end up. I expect the response will be better than most. I would have liked to see the article address the potential advantages of stock buybacks. Are companies with greater ownership more resilient to market turbulence? Are they better positioned to focus on long term growth over short term performance? Additionally, it is unclear if these companies were neglecting R&D or had already exhausted their viable options. If the economy does turn for the worse, would additional high risk R&D investments still yield returns? Perhaps they were wise not to park capital in R&D Last, buybacks allowed a large number of shareholders to cash out while the market was at an all time high. There may be near infinite opportunities to invest, but that does not mean they can be profitable. Also, if something is a good investment, it doesn't mean it is a good investment for a given company. Simply put, I prefer balanced and educational articles to opinion pieces. I am receptive and interested in their premise, but don't feel like a robust case was made because no counterclaims were addressed. I wrote this comment in hopes of discussing the topic with other posters so perhaps we could all expand our understanding of the world we live in. >that's only limited by how you define the industry you're in. I have seen a lot of great companies acquired and destroyed by parent companies in another industry. It certainly can and is often done well, but is not trivial or risk free. The incentive for the executive team are set by the board and shareholders, who could easily restructure incentives to favor R&D investment. Whether is this is good for long term profit will be different from case to case. I worked at a company where annual goals routinely included invest X billion on new technology acquisitions. Some of this money sticks and some doesn't. I would be careful not to confuse correlation with causation here. Most old people have medical conditions. For example, about 75% of older people have high blood pressure [1] so seeing a 75% rate in the virus fatalities should not mean much. I suspect age and immune function drive mortality, and the other factors are merely along for the ride. [1] https://www.uptodate.com/contents/treatment-of-hypertension-... Luckily, every teacher I know is still being paid. Even those who are completely off and don't have to teach virtual classes. Do you have a source that you could share on the topic? I have been trying to inform myself and balance my behavior and think it would be very helpful. The order is essentially meaningless without further refinement. "critical workers" includes essentially any commercial retail https://www.cisa.gov/critical-infrastructure-sectors >The Commercial Facilities Sector consists of eight subsectors: Entertainment and Media (e.g., motion picture studios, broadcast media). Gaming (e.g., casinos). Lodging (e.g., hotels, motels, conference centers). Outdoor Events (e.g., theme and amusement parks, fairs, campgrounds, parades). Public Assembly (e.g., arenas, stadiums, aquariums, zoos, museums, convention centers). Real Estate (e.g., office and apartment buildings, condominiums, mixed use facilities, self-storage). Retail (e.g., retail centers and districts, shopping malls). Sports Leagues (e.g., professional sports leagues and federations). This order is very vague with respect to what critical infrastructure and workers entials. Based on the linked definition, every worker fits into one of the critical business types. How has Tesla been an offender? They were specifically allowed to remain open by the shelter in place order... Interesting, It seems that things have changed over the course of the last week. Thanks for letting me know As long as it goes both way, that seems like a good way to prevent wars. That would do more harm than the virus. The virus is not everywhere[1] and no lockdown is perfect, so the virus will spread hit different places at different times. It is better to lock down regions or states as needed Also, unnecessary lockdowns can ruin the credibility of the heath authorities. IF we lock down counties with no cases, not only are we needlessly disrupting lives, people wont listen to the order when it IS necessary. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2020_coronavirus_pandemic_in_t... I think the applicable concept concept is that cancle culture is ineffective at changing minds and a more compassionate approach is more appropriate in both the short and long run. Hate and shame feeds reactionary behavior and is counter productive. If you disagree with someone, empathize with them as a human being and explain how their behavior is hurting others Tactics which evolved hundreds of thousands of years ago and worked in societies of 50 people are not all applicable today. Some actively lead to the division and extremism we we see today in our society One solution I find interesting is that the government exchange equity for the bailout and hand it over to the American workers. Whatever happened to moderation. Extremely all or nothing ideology is how we got in this mess in the first place. If people's take away from this all is to wash their hands,stay home when sick, and cough into their arms, tens of thousands of lives will be saved When I suggested equity for bailout, I mean the the government would provide cash. Instead of it just being a handout to businesses , they would receive equity in exchange I disagree. It would be much worse from the perspective of allowing workers ownership of the means of production. When the government owns something, the people do not My understanding is that they are talking about "free" bailouts without equity. This article [1] suggests this is the case for the airlines, which would receive a "grant", and small businesses, which would receiving tax credits. It is unclear to me if this is just a mischaracterization by the MSM. I expect that workers will see very little of the 2 trillion dollar bill. $1000 for an estimated 30 million workers (~10X current numbers) would be about 1.5% of the bailout. 3 months of unemployment for the same would be about 10% of the total. [1] https://www.cnbc.com/2020/03/25/coronavirus-stimulus-bill-up... A healthy and growing economy with low unemployment is a boon to the poor, sick, and alcoholic. The entire purpose of pursuing a healthy economy is that improves the quality of life for the citizens. Continuing to hold this position now is not hypocritical. There is always a tradeoff. The virus will kill X and reduce the quality of life for Y people. The economic disruption will kill Z people and reduce the quality of life for Z2. Economic conditions have real and immediate health consequences too. For example, in 2010 US unemployment briefly grew about 6% to a total of 10% in the US and there were 40,000 additional deaths from cancer alone[1]. When you consider heart disease, other indications, drug abuse, and suicide, the numbers are much greater. The often cited number of 40k for each percent unemployment may not be far off if these factors are taken together. This trend also holds true in the OECD where social programs are more common because there are still budgetary constraints on centralized healthcare. [1] https://www.thelancet.com/journals/lancet/article/PIIS0140-6... Edit: Here is a Meta-analysis showing that the risk of death was 63% higher among those who experienced unemployment in the US AND Europe https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3070776/ Ignoring quality of life, there is still a death tradeoff to be considered. Economic conditions have real and immediate health consequences too. For example, in 2010 US unemployment briefly grew about 6% to a total of 10% in the US and there were 40,000 additional deaths from cancer alone[1]. When you consider heart disease, other indications, drug abuse, and suicide, the numbers are much greater. The often cited number of 40k for each percent unemployment may not be far off if these factors are taken together. This trend also holds true in the OECD where social programs are more common because there are still budgetary constraints on centralized healthcare. [1] https://www.thelancet.com/journals/lancet/article/PIIS0140-6... One possible explanation is that many plants and berries which are poisonous to humans are not poisonous to other animals. For other plants it may be advantageous to be poisonous to one species and not another I'm not sure if we will be able to separate the confounding factors such as economic impact at the population level. Do you have an idea how this can be done? I have seen a few studies using this method to look at excess mortality during the great recession [1],[2], but there wasn't a pandemic at the same time. https://www.thelancet.com/journals/lancet/article/PIIS0140-6... https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3070776/ I'm not sure if we will be able to separate the confounding factors such as economic impact at the population level. Do you have an idea how this can be done? I have seen a few studies using this method to look at excess mortality during the great recession [1],[2], but there wasn't a pandemic at the same time. https://www.thelancet.com/journals/lancet/article/PIIS0140-6... https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3070776/ Economic conditions have real and immediate health consequences too. For example, in 2010 US unemployment briefly grew about 6% to a total of 10% in the US and there were 40,000 additional deaths from cancer alone[1]. When you consider heart disease, other illness, drug abuse, and suicide, the numbers are much greater. The often cited number of 40k for each percent unemployment may not be far off if these factors are taken together. We may have already volunteered hundreds of thousands of Americans to die from the economic fallout. If food scarcity becomes and issue, we may have already volunteered millions in the 3rd world to starve to death... I'm not saying that I know what the correct choice is here, but it isn't as simple as saving lives vs GDP. [1] https://www.thelancet.com/journals/lancet/article/PIIS0140-6... This trend also holds true in the OECD where social programs are more common because there are still budgetary constraints on centralized healthcare. Here is a Meta-analysis showing that the risk of death was 63% higher among those who experienced unemployment in the US AND Europe https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3070776/ I'm not sure if you looked at the papers I linked, but the deaths are not from starvation or violence. Examples would be much more mundane, like a skipped doctors visit which could have detected an early cancer. That is an interesting connection I will have to keep in mind. I don't think that would be an issue for the first link at least, which only looked at additional cancer deaths in the US and OECD due to the recession. Regulators might be able to legislate food into existence in counties with strategic reserves, but not all places are so lucky. If there isn't enough calories produced, people would die. Most in low GDP countries which are net food importers. Im not sure where you are from, but in general, farming is a cutthroat business with small margins in the US The exception is rich hobby farmers who have no need to make a profit and some specialty crops. > Pay a decent wage and you'll get the people. The era of cheap labour is over. or maybe some labor intensive fruits and veggies will no longer be economically viable. >If the labor pool dries up, they're more economically viable. I wonder if strawberries would cease being an economically viable crop before this level of mechanization becomes viable. If this price is too high, the wholesalers will not be able to sell it and choose not to buy it First off, I wanted to say thanks for the thoughtful response. Second, I wanted to clarify my position in light of your last line. >And even, even, if you don't like being alive in a poorer world, and wish you had died of COVID-19 instead, you can still suicide then, it isn't either-or. But you can't go the other way, regret dying of COVID-19 and then choose to try the alternative problems instead. I am in no way concerned about the outcome for myself of my immediate family. We are extremely low risk, have secure income, and savings in cash. I fully expect we will come out of this event better than we went in. In fact, the harder the crash, the better off we will likely be. That said, there are billions (literally) of people on this planet which were struggling and often failing to meet their basic health and nutritional needs. We should be mind be mindful of how our response will impact them. On to the rest of your comments, I see two main points. please let me know if I misstated them. 1) Covid deaths today are irreversible, future deaths can be mitigated I agree with this in principle, but in practice I am much more pessimistic that societies will mitigate the 2nd order effects of our response. People are notably bad at balancing highly visible costs today, with less visible and costs in the future. Societies could have come together with radical mitigations to reduce deaths from the 2009 global recession or any of the famines in recent decades[1], but they didn't because they were far away and not obvious. If I were to summarize my main point, it is that we need to have the right stakeholders considering the long and short term perspective crafting our response to this pandemic, and economic considerations are a valid part of minimizing the overall death toll. Doctors have moral obligation to look out for the best interests of their patients and do not take economic considerations into account, nor should they. We don't want them to decide if the cost of a cancer medication could be better spent feeding the poor, but that doesn't mean the tradeoff doesn't exist. When deciding how to manage this epidemic, doctors, economists, actuaries, and politicians all need to be involved in crafting the response. In order to minimize the death toll, you need to make accurate predictions of outcome and human behavior. Over-optimism or over-pessimism will lead to more deaths. 2) Existing food waste can be repurposed to feed the poor. I wholeheartedly agree that food scarcity issues are still going to be about resource distribution and logistics. There will not be widespread famine in the US or UK, but there could be in poor food importing countries sub-Saharan Africa or parts of Asia. Plants will grow and food will be still produced in other countries, but if their economies tank, they will not have the money to buy it. 3) Solving these problems later is easier than raising the dead. It all depends on how likely you think the solutions are and the death toll for each. If you risk 2 people tomorrow to save 1 more today, your solutions needs to be 50-50 to break even. There is obviously a point where this tradeoff results in more lost lives unless you believe you must always act to save every person you can today. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_famines Nobody in the US wants to do these chinese jobs. I dont blame them >The heart problems are from short term use in combination with azithromycin. Is this true? I keep hearing this but it is not supported by your source. It seems that it is the azithromycin that is of concern, and with a death rate of 47 per million. Is there any data suggesting this is worse when co-administered? >Chloroquine, and its more contemporary derivative hydroxychloroquine, have remained in clinical use for more than a half-century as an effective therapy for treatment of some malarias, lupus, and rheumatoid arthritis. Data show inhibition of iKr and resultant mild QT prolongation associated with both agents. Despite these suggestive findings, several hundred million courses of chloroquine have been used worldwide making it one of the most widely used drugs in history, without reports of arrhythmic death under World Health Organization surveillance.4 Nonetheless, the absence of an active drug safety surveillance system in most countries limits reassurance from these observations. Azithromycin, a frequently used macrolide antibiotics lacks strong pharmacodynamic evidence of iKr inhibition. Epidemiologic studies have estimated an excess of 47 cardiovascular deaths which are presumed arrhythmic per 1 million completed courses, although recent studies suggest this may be overestimated.6-7 There is limited data evaluating the safety of combination therapy, however in vivo studies have shown no synergistic arrhythmic effects of azithromycin with or without chloroquine. Off label use can have reimbursement issues. Molds and parts are cheap at volume and I would be surprised if the costs were above a few buck in total, including setup. That said, a huge factor is assembly, maintaince, and repair. There is no indication that the technology they are leveraging was ever tested in a meaningful way and drug development is hard . Finding an antigen that binds to the virus is the relatively easy part. Finding one that is safe and manufacture-able is the hard part. The link below[1] describes this process for a small molecule chemical compounds and gives a success rate of 5000:1. Distributed Bio is at the very beginning of this process, and is working with a large molecule, which is vastly more complex. The researchers are at step zero of a complex process which can take 12–15 years and cost in excess of $1 billion [2] [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hit_to_lead [2] https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3058157/ >they can at least run it as an RCT. >This combination requires careful monitoring. It appears that the FDA agrees with both of these points and specifically addresses them in the authorization. From the original post: "The hydroxychloroquine sulfate may only be used to treat adult and adolescent patients who weigh 50 kg or more hospitalized with COVID-19 for whom a clinical trial is not available, or participation is not feasible." "Public health authorities about the need to have a process in place for performing adverse event monitoring and compliance activities designed to ensure that adverse events and all medication errors associated with the use of the authorized chloroquine phosphate or hydroxychloroquine sulfate are reported to FDA, to the extent practicable given emergency circumstances" In terms of clinical trials, you can run a non-superiority trial. They aren’t run as part of the drug approval process but can be and are run by clinicians and health services. Regarding 3, upper estimates for the 2009 swine flu are north of 500k deaths and the 1918 Spanish flu is 50 million. Flus can be very deadly and the poster obviously did not intend to use the word in a diminutive way. You added that interpretation, knowing it is wrong, and then challenged it. Do you have any sources that compare government and private savings at the two time points? I am surprised by your claim that savings were higher at the height of the great depression >The whole conclusion was that "a flu won't cause [society to break down]" This does not minimize the harm a flu can do, it puts it in perspective. Nuclear bombs going off over LA, London, New York, and Beijing probably would not cause society to break down. That does not mean that does not mean that it wouldn't be terrible, deadly, and disruptive. When planning for how to prepare and deal with this pandemic, people should not be preparing for some Mad-Max scenario where an assault rifle is their most valuable possession. I would say that there is a common misunderstanding of: A) the viability initial drug discovery and subsequent development costs, and B) The time value of money. For A) success rates of 5000:1 are not uncommon. Discovery is at the very beginning of this process [1],which can take 12–15 years and cost in excess of $1 billion [2] B) A 1 to 5 billion dollar return on a 300 million acquisition is likely a loosing proposition for most pharma companies due to risk and the time value of money. If you have a 300m acquisition, 700m additional dev costs, a 50% time discount, and a 50% chance of success, you are already up to 4 billion in revenue needed to break even. This article [3] provides a balanced overview of the finical aspect and is written by a scientist trying to give away a cure for his terminal wife. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hit_to_lead [2] https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3058157/ [3] http://www.cureffi.org/2019/04/29/financial-modeling-in-rare... >I agree with your comment in general, but I would just underline that the discovery component of a drug is often not paid for by the eventual vendor of the drug, but is instead paid for by taxpayers, other granting agencies, and venture capitalists. In the case of the taxpayers and grants, i think it is important to keep in mind that these are explicitly given without strings attached or rights reserved because society decided that we want to encourage private research. It is fair to argue that perhaps we should change the model moving forward, but I find it fairly offensive when folk claim a retroactive ownership on this basis. >Thus the eventual vendor of a drug won't necessarily have 5000:1 odds, but instead will be able to review and purchase the most promising candidate drugs based on data generated by other companies. I wholeheartedly agree. the long >5000:1 is at discovery, i.e. the basic research that is often publicly funded. Once drugs have gone through enough screening to be used, the probability of approval is up to about 10:1 [1]. A lot of the bigger sales take place between phase 1 and 2, which probability of approval is up to perhaps 25%. Research institutions and early developers get paid based on the potential value and risk, and are not taken advantage of. The fact that companies often outsource early develop doesn't invalidate the their claim to their profits. >The expensive part of bringing new drugs to market is testing in humans. Perhaps the US could bear some of these costs while, in exchange, shortening or eliminating patent protections. This is an interesting idea. Two additional options that you may want to consider that wouldn't stifle development are expedited approval and government manufacture of generics. Due to the time value of money, faster approval increases the profitability of new drug development and without increasing prices to consumers. For generics, drug profits after loss of exclusivity are so far out that they don't significantly weigh in on the decision to develop a product or not. When my mother was a school teacher, the union had mandatory fees which went to partisan political campaigns against her ideology and self interest. I think this was eventually challenged and overturned in court, but it left a terrible impression. The disease will never die out on its own. The question raised is hat are we waiting for and how long are we willing to wait for it. If the answer is that we are waiting for nothing, perhaps we shouldn't. If the answer is that we are waiting in lock-down 1-2 years for a vaccine and vaccinations, maybe we shouldn't. >How did they function for centuries before, when shareholders were not demanding increased efficiency? They only served the rich elite No. Management should be able to decide if wfh makes sense for a given team based on on their personal situation. Some of my team members are more productive at home, some are deadweight. It is almost impossible to fire or hire someone at my company so I would rather have all the tools available to maximize productivity. I would like that as well, but I think the risk of lawsuit is too high. I never thought of this and find it an interesting. Are you saying that the primary counterfeit tracking of digital dollars is a distributed ledger where each bank knows where they got money and where they sent it? Do banks share these ledgers with each other or the fed? An alternative take is that they did not believe that the screenings were going to have a meaningful impact on the spread to the US and were always a PR move. Even in January there were case reports of an up to 14 day incubation period, cases without fever, and asymptomatic transmission. >Is it draconian to start working on test for COVID-19? To be fair, it is unclear when the CDC started working on a test. It was first used January 20th [1] and submitted to the FDA on Feb 3rd [2]. This means they may have started in January or December. Unfortunately, their test did not work out and they had not submitted the WHO test to the FDA as a backup. The entire issue could have been avoided with some redundancy planning. [1] https://www.nytimes.com/2020/03/28/us/testing-coronavirus-pa... [2] https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/about/testing.html I’m honestly not sure how this relates to what I said. Are you agreeing? I’m not saying trump did a good job, just proposing that airport screenings may not have made a difference Well there is always at least one competitor as the military could in source the job. I am not surprised at all about the ability to do the job at lower costs. My understanding is that aside from ventilators and ICUs In a few specific locations, Hospitals have record low utilization right now and are even furloughing workers https://www.beckershospitalreview.com/finance/49-hospitals-f... This pandemic is quickly turning into an irrational war on enjoyment. Criticisms should focus on relative risk compared to other activities. I see similar judgements about other activities that can be done with little to no risk like hiking and fishing. Times are hard, but that doesn’t mean that everyone has to be miserable. Isn’t that the definition of irrational? Understandable perhaps, but still not logical My point was that outside of perhaps NY, hospitals are not overburdened and still able to treat auto accidents. I am not claiming conspiracy or dysfunction. I don't think it is any more "antisocial" to do a cannonball run today than it was this time last year. The question is who is making sacrifices, and who will be prospering, and who will be dying. A 2.2 trillion dollar check was just signed with the american tax payer's name on it. That is money could have gone to retirements, heath-care, and schools. It is reasonable to be concerned that it go to an equal or better purpose, and not to buy a second yachts for bankers. Probably 1 gas station for the return trip. They had expanded gas tanks to last the whole trip. Assuming they were infected and shedding but practiced reasonable safety precautions when they stopped, it is easy to have no potential exposures. Potential exposure is essentially 0 if you correctly wear gloves, a mask, and keep a reasonable distance How about the food delivery drivers for super markets? They need to drive more than if we all ate rice and beans for every meal. How about the amazon delivery drivers? Thank you for the lengthy response It is indeed understandable on an emotional level. That said, we don’t have to set policy based on a small number of objections. Instead, we can look at the big picture and choose to balance risks. There is no such thing as completely risk free. Unfortunately, the policy here in the bay area has been to entirely shut down some trails, while leaving others open, concentrating people into the few permitted locations. The resources are clearly available to block off the trailhead parking, so they are also available to reduce the the same locations to 50% capacity instead. The goal is practical and meaningful risk reduction, not elimination of all risk. As such, the threshold for being able to do an activity is not whether it is necessary to sustain life. another way to look at it that COVID has a R0 variously reported between 2 and 5. Taking the upper bound, if everyone reduced their pre-pandemic contact by 80% the virus will go into exponential decline. >and as the great w would say, mission accomplished Sorry, but the use of this quote out of context is one of my pet peeves, and the similarity is striking. In the case of G.W, he was receiving sailors returning to port after completing their deployment in harm's way. Their mission was accomplished. The message was not that war is over, as the media insinuated. In fact, the counterpoint was made in the speech[1], although few have read it. > Our mission continues. Al Qaeda is wounded, not destroyed. The scattered cells of the terrorist network still operate in many nations, and we know from daily intelligence that they continue to plot against free people. The proliferation of deadly weapons remains a serious danger. The enemies of freedom are not idle, and neither are we. Our government has taken unprecedented measures to defend the homeland. And we will continue to hunt down the enemy before he can strike. The war on terror is not over; yet it is not endless. We do not know the day of final victory, but we have seen the turning of the tide. No act of the terrorists will change our purpose, or weaken our resolve, or alter their fate. Their cause is lost. Free nations will press on to victory. Similarly, in this article, if taken at face value, a volunteer went to Wuhan, risking their life, and returned. This does not mean that Covid is eradicated, but perhaps, their mission is accomplished too. [1] https://www.americanrhetoric.com/speeches/wariniraq/gwbushir... It seems like you are assuming supermarkets can support the same number of customers if the reallocated their staff to pickup/delivery. As a shopper who knows what I want and where to get it, I might spend 15 minutes shopping at a minute at the register, and that doesn't count my drive to and from the store. With respect to unemployment, nobody is interestested in working at a super-market, especially when unemployment is pays 50% more [1]. Workers would quit if it did not disqualify them from unemployment [1] the average cashier salary is 30k/year (575/week) and the current unemployment benefit for the same salary is 875/ week when you include the additional $600 https://www.salary.com/research/salary/benchmark/cashier-gro... https://www.edd.ca.gov/unemployment/ui-calculator.htm I expect that there was a lot of panic buying at the beginning, but most Amazon groceries at this point are weekly grocery needs. With restaurants closed and questionable for the foreseeable future, I dont see this changing soon. 2.8 million Americans die in a normal year, or about 7,500/day. The risk factors for normal causes of death are basically identical to those of covid-19 ( age, vascular disease, cancer, respiratory disease, ect). I think it is reasonable to wonder how many of the people who died from covid-19 were already loosing a battle with pre-existing condition. Interesting that the BBC says the fine is €1M per day while Amazon says it is €1M per infraction. Which is it? It could simply be a challenge to enroll the severe patients in the US depending on their criteria. Tons of patients are ineligible, tons of patients are in overloaded hospitals that can't even manage the logistics of procuring masks, let alone a well controlled and documented trial. Also, they are competing with 265 other trials actively recruiting in the US. Why do you assume that profits would increase if purchases went down and price went up? Our intuitions are so different I'm not sure if you are joking or not. My guess is that the build time is 1-2 years with 5 years of permitting up front. I also imagine building capacity is capped with a limited number of trained engineers/welders. This has always been the case and is a risk of living in human society. Your life may end at any time due to someone else's irresponsible behavior. >Notice how this mess of a paragraph starts with a passive voice claim. Welcome to scientific writing. Please stop wasting your time and see yourself out. I think the comments about suicide are a bit of a red herring. There are many reasons why death rates increase with economic hardship and I do not think this is a significant one. More significant are changes to factors which are already leading causes of death (cancer and heart disease). In the short term, examples are how many treatable cancers are not being found or how many people are skipping other medical procedures. In the long term, how many life-years would have been saved with tax money which is lost. Even with socialized medicine, countries have budgets which need to balanced, and not every procedure is available to everyone who could benefit. This study [1] estimated 260,000 extra deaths from treatable cancers from 2008 to 2010 in the OECD. One should ask how will this scale when additional diseases are considered and how the current economic impact will compare. I'm not saying that I know what the correct choice is here, and perhaps we will never know, but it isn't as simple as saving lives vs suicide. [1] https://www.thelancet.com/journals/lancet/article/PIIS0140-6... I wholeheartedly agree. My hope is that people can at least recognize that there is a complex risk benefit problem and encourage or at least permit our health experts to asses the problem. Unfortunately, the pubic ( at least in the US) is dividing into camps which largely ignore this fundamental question. Either any action which which increases covid deaths is amoral, or the economy should be the primary concern. In reality, the real question of how to optimize quality adjusted life years has been squeezed out of the conversation. Given that Scientific consensus has limitations, what do you propose is better in situations where data is scarce? How does a strong leader mitigate this danger? Is the leader making choices by following their intuition? Does the leader make choices based on public sentiment? R0 is environment specific and this number should be taken with a grain of salt. The CDC paper [1] estimated that the R0 value may have been 5-6 in Wuhan, during lunar new year, and before the public was ware of the virus. Alternatively, the R0 value is now https://wwwnc.cdc.gov/eid/article/26/7/20-0282_article FYI. The 5-6 number is also from the CDC 0_0 R0 is variable over time and describes the change in number of NEW cases. IF new cases today are less than yesterday, the R0 must be Positive cases have stayed roughly the same since April 4th while testing increased. For R0 to be greater than 1, we would have to be worse at testing. Good point. I was mistaken. I think the point still stands unless you think we are identifying a lower proportion of infections The 5.7 number comes from wuhan, during lunar new year, and before viral identification. They exist, but are usually not sufficient to support a drug or vaccine approval. The standard is two well controlled studies, but additional open label trials may be used to address specific health authority concerns. If you are interested, you can look up the other trials the drug may have gone through. >He succeeded in business by bullying his opponents and using his power against them by squeezing them. But it's not something that works in politics, because his opponents are generally much smarter than he is. This depends on what you mean by "works in politics"? He won the presidency after all, and then went on to beat a resistant republican party into submission. He lowered taxes on the rich, packed the supreme court, and is in the process of handing out 6 trillion dollars to wall street. His approval ratings have been constant through impeachment and pandemic [1] and he still has a good shot at reelection. Assuming you aren't a supporter, I think there is a significant risk in underestimating his political successes. We shall see if Biden and the DNC can "outsmart" him in 2020. [1] https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/trump-approval-ratings/ Nobody said Trump has no weakness. This thread is exactly why Trump is so dangerous to the democratic party. Look at the level of vehenemence and aggression in your post directed at a potential ally. I think you under by 50%. Also 266,900 earth orbits away When making this comparison, I think it is interesting to note that both the distances between Earth to Alpha Centauri and the Milky Way to Andromeda aren't "typcial". To quote Douglas Adams, Earth is "Far out in the uncharted backwaters of the unfashionable end of the western spiral arm of the Galaxy". Intersteller distances are much smaller in galactic cores. For example, at the center of Andromeda, the average intersteller distance is 860 AU (compared to 266,900 for Earth-Centauri)[1]. Alternatively, Andomeda huge and on a colision course with the milky way, but not our closest neighbor. Both the Milky Way and Andromoeda have many smaller and closer neighbors, Some of which are of appreciable size. For example, the Large Magellanic Cloud is a "smaler" galaxy with about 30 billion stars and is 170kly or about one milky way diameter away from us.[2] https://astronomy.com/magazine/ask-astro/2006/01/how-close-c... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Large_Magellanic_Cloud I was thinking in terms of radii instead of diamters when I responded earlier. That said, I think you might be interestested in the sister post I made to yours. I think it remains to be seen if it was the wrong decision and will require the Benefit of time and distance. They fully expect more deaths up front but break even in the long run Break-even != lower absolute mortality. The same X% of the community will need to contract the virus to have herd immunity. If the healthcare system is not overloaded, then the mortality rate is the same, just sooner. We should look back after this has occurred, either through community spread or a vaccine has been invented and successfully deployed That is a terrible metric. We have little reason to believe deaths per infection can be significantly improved with therapeutic intervention. And what if it is still a deathtrap that will kill 1% of people that step into it? >There's no feasible way to "let" a virus spread faster than another. You can certainly "let" a virus spread faster than another. Society chooses to let the flu spread more easily than ebola despite them having similar R0. In this case, you could vary school closure criteria, tracing effort, or quarantine duration by strain. Different people have different means and need. The restraints are in a tough place, but so is everyone who can’t wfh in tech. Some people can’t make rent or pay their mortgage, and paying a markup for takeout is frivolous I'm not sure that holds true, at least for the big telescopes. The lifetime cost of the hubble is about 10 Billion and the development cost of the James webb telescope is approaching 10 Billion. James Webb will launch on an Ariane 5 rocket, which costs about 140 million per launch. This is about 1-2% of the development costs. >I think people reasonably expect that when a company makes a serious decision that affects hundreds of people’s livelihoods, that they effect a pretty somber tone. This case sounds like an unfortunate mistake, I’m sure they intended to present the material in a somber manner. That said, it begs the question on if what should be expected behind closed doors. > I am not under the impression that people are putting their money in stocks for the dividends. The potential of future dividends, buybacks, or acquisitions differentiate stocks from sportsbetting > self-fulfilling prophecy. Celebrity CEO... The exceptions prove the rule. You can and do get irrational stock prices. Not everyone can follow the musk model, and if they did, investors would be back to using the fundamentals to differentiate them. If Boeing really thought they could follow the musk model, they would, but I personally don’t think they are in a good position to do so. Sometimes you can fake it until you make it, but most often you won’t. Your link supports the claim instead of debunking it. Off course they don’t physically print cash, but they increase the account balances. The Fed adds to (or subtracts from) the amount of money in the economy by buying (or selling) U.S. Treasury securities and other financial instruments. This is referred to as “open market operations,” since these transactions take place in the open market. (The Fed isn’t allowed to buy securities directly from the U.S. Treasury.) The Fed pays for those securities by crediting funds to the reserves that banks are required to hold, either cash in their vaults or deposits at a Reserve bank. “So, in that sense, we can think of ‘printing money’ as adding reserves to the banking system,” said David Wheelock, vice president and deputy director of research. Please don’t take this the wrong way, but I’m not sure what exactly your claim here is. Are you saying that nearly every company on the exchange is missing out on tens of billions of dollars by not implementing this formula you assume to exist? I love Airbnb, but don't have a lot of sympathy for the property owners and speculators in this situation. There is nothing wrong with owning a rental property, but the answer to loss of income is simple - sell the property and cash out while ahead. I offered an explanation, and then you dismissed it with a hypothetical that you don't even believe. Not every company is on the Musk plan because there is limited pool of cult investors and his success is hard to recreate. The WHO also retracted their statement later. https://mobile.twitter.com/who/status/1254160937805926405 You might find this article interesting. https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.forbes.com/sites/daviddisal... How does that imply the link is dissolved? the decline of children mirrors the decline in poverty for the last 50 years and at record lows. If you look at countries, there are many differences, but high or low poverty, the correlation persists. I think your rationale overemphasizes transportation, which is a minor part of our carbon footprint https://www.stlouisfed.org/~/media/blog/2016/december/blogim... Are we going to see 9-40 times more deaths this season from those regions? The origional question was: >I don’t get it. I found that there so far have been covid 234,133 deaths [0] and season flu can cause up to 646,000 deaths [1]. 9-44x is 6-28 million covid deaths this year . Is this the number you think is likely? Why do you assume it would be any cheaper for the customer? I think it could actually increase prices by reducing the number of sellers in the market. You would have a single retailer for each brand. The authors point, as I understand it, is that the app is not a useful tool for contact tracing due to the propensity for false responses. The R0 of of the virus is somewhere between 2 and 5, meaning that the average person passes it on to 2-5 people. How many people does urbanite come within proximity of within a 14 day period, 100? 1000? Also, some portion of those 2-5 may never have come in contact due to surface transmission, or be obvious without the app, such as intimidate family. The question then becomes who will trust the app enough to self quarantine for 14 days. Thanks for the thoughtful response, but I don't agree with the reasons you stated. If we don't see a race to the bottom today, why would we see it in the future? According to this [1], new car dealerships have a profit margin of 1-2% while auto manufacturers have a profit margin of ~10%. Anecdotally, some dealerships have no profit on vehicles, and rely on services contracts to drive profit. I interpret this to mean that there is significantly more competition between dealerships than auto-manufacturers. If a consumer wants a specific brand, they can choose between dealers and often will travel long distances to get the best price. When a dealer buys a brand, there is a single supplier with global monopoly. I think the disproportionate share of profit already going to manufacturers also undermines your argument on the trade-off between sales volume and splitting of profit. >People must stop decrying types like McNamara, Kisinger, Dulles as some kind of "smart calculating types." They were top idiots at the apex of power, and their coming was a prelude to what America got itself in now. I wholeheartedly disagree. I contend that McNamara, Kisinger, and Dulles were smart calculating types, but STILL the wrong person for the job. Miss-characterizing past statesmen idiots paves the way and lowers the bar the next round of statesmen, who only need to differentiate themselves by not being idiots. I think it is more challenging than you expect. This tactic has likely skuttled or delayed any development projects in the works. Future investors will be more cautious if they think the market can drop out at any time I don't understand what you are asking and think you may have missed my point . Not being idiots is a necessary requirement but not the only requirement set to be a good statesmen. Claiming that McNamara, Kissinger, and Dulles were all idiots and above that low bar will do better is a recipe for failure. Last I hard, Amazon had a 4 year 5/15/40/40 vesting schedule. In my experience, stock compensation exceeds salary for most executives. If 50% of compensation was in stock, they would be walking away from 2.2 years salary worth of grants, which would have appreciated since the grant date. Amazon stock is also up >4x in the last 4 years. I think it does matter if you want to address the root cause of the problem. If the problem in this case is a lack of warehouse worker bargaining power vs profit motive, then solutions to a prejudice problem will not be helpful to the workers. That's the trick. There are new stock grants every year, so you continually stand to lose a substantial sum by leaving. Hence the name: long term incentives. Based on my observations, too much vacation to take. State employees with 25 years get 54 days of leave a year[1] and 10 federal holidays. Additionally many agencies work 9 hour days, adding every other friday off, for an extra 26 days. All told, that is 90 days off a year, or more than 1 in 3 work days. https://www.calhr.ca.gov/employees/Pages/vacation-vs-annual-... I don’t think it is fair to spin privacy into a left right issue here. Both parties have a pretty terrible track record. The program is self imposed, so if urban voters don’t want the program, they can vote to stop it. Literally not the jurisdiction of the rural folk I wanted to correct myself, the vacation and annual leave I linked to are not additive. Annual leave is the greater of the two and 30 days opposed to 54. This would be a total of 66 vacation days. I would argue that most surveillance supporters are middle and upper class urbanites, and specifically want to surveile lower class urbanites. Regarding the gun owners, my intuition is that they would be more privacy minded than the average American, but I didn't find any information on a quick search. It depends on what you define as _The hoax_, and there is a great diversity of opinions. It can mean the virus doesn't exist It can mean the virus isn't as bad as claimed It can mean the virus mitigations aren't worth the tradeoff Interesting website but terrible analysis. Nowhere do they define what high compliance means. Wyoming has the worst results in their social distancing despite the lowest population density in the US. (6/square mile) https://data.covid.umd.edu/findings/index.html Nobody is stopping aribnb from paying the full cost of Cobra, after the option is provided as is legally obligated. It is certainly not cheaper to forgo free COBRA and buy insurance on the exchange. I would be interested in how the US mobility fared if the metric was not %, put purchasing parity. I imagine it is better to go from the bottom 10% to 20% in the US than bottom 10 to top 10 in many counties. After all, an income of 15k (ppp) puts someone in the top 10% globally and 30k is the top 1% >I think his claim to be a beneficial 'allocator of capital' is bogus. He tends to invest in established exploitative companies. His investments have been made on an almost exclusive basis of growing wealth, which in the end is a very sterile end to aim for. How do you separate this from a more general critique of capitalism? How should capital allocation work? I think your question conflates the primary and secondary markets. If you start a company and sell all or part to Buffet, that would be a primary market, and money goes into the company which can be used to grow. Same for YC. On the other hand, if you buy stock from another private investor, the company sees no money I am sympathetic to your viewpoint and will give it some more thought. That said, my immediate thought would be that a fluid and healthy secondary market is necessary for a primary market to exist at all. Also, a secondary market allows growth companies to channel revenue into investment instead of paying out dividends. Last and relatedly, the overall secondary market return makes it nonzero and this incentivizes investment in lieu of dividends. The virus is obviously for some of the economic impact and the lockdown is obviously responsible for some of the economic impact. There are plenty of cities and counties which have 0 recorded cases which are going on two months of lockdown at this point. Please realize that people are dying in those cities Because of the lockdown, and lives are being destroyed. As you say, The lockdown might very well be better for the economy in the long run, but the root cause will not be eliminated. That does not mean that there couldn’t have been or can’t be a better version of the lockdown that is less destructive That depends on context. There are cities and counties without a single Covid case to date. If I lived in one, I would feel more comfortable going back to Work. Also, those with low Rick businesses or mortgages are probably eager to go back I don’t think the OP meant a numeric calculation. it might be more a balancing of pros and cons. An example might be: PRos- I am young, healthy, and my work involves no human contact. If I don’t work I will lose my house Cons - I know there is a non-zero risk and I need to find a new caregiver for my elderly parents. >Absolute bullshit. A child can make a first order estimation of personal risk. For example, I live in California and there are 2000 cases a day for 4 million people. I think I am safer than the average person, so my risk is less than that. It isn't perfect or numerically accurate, but gives a ballpark result which can be used. True, but growth is not exponential in the US and has been flat since the start of April. If growth increases, you know it is becoming more dangerous. If growth decreases, you know it is becoming less dangerous. Enumeration of this kind will always be comparing apples and oranges. That said, it is fairly easy to get a ballpark for risk. If nobody in your city or county has contracted the virus, your short term risk is very low. If you don't contact anyone in your daily activities and practice basic hygiene, your risk is very low. You don’t see exponential for any of the top 10 states. What does a 14 day decline mean for a state that never had a significant outbreak. I have seen zero evidence that there is a meaningful spoiler effect. If you have any data, I would be very interested. That strikes me as a unproductive threshold to maintain a lockdown. what do you think? Also, I check and there are no states experiencing exponential growth. Show me one state with exponential growth. You can see each state here: https://datacat.cc/covid/ Country: US District instead of country: Yes Cumulative Cases: no Any state with exponential growth should show increasing cases. Alternatively, you can look at data on washington post: https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/2020/national/corona... Yes, this is the law in the US as well. The catch in both the US and France is that you have to say you believe it is unsafe and why. https://www.osha.gov/right-to-refuse.html I tend to disagree. I think that the layperson has a generally accurate understanding of the word strain in this context, namely, they are materially different. News stories about new strains pull attention for exactly this reason. The layperson would have the correct impression of "The S strain and the L strain aren't meaningfully different", but the wrong impression of nearly every other sentence starting with "The S strain and the L strain..." Every human being is entitled to make claims. Some claims have more merit and some have less. You can choose to engage or not based on the merit of their argument. I guess I’m not clear what you are looking to achieve. Were you hoping the op would stop providing amateur opinions online? >But as soon as the government starts picking and choosing "nonessential" businesses to allow to open, every single nonessential business will be clamoring for an allowance and emboldened to present themselves as heroic frontline workers This is the list that the state and counties are using. They have been picking and choosing who gets to open on a case by case and largely arbitrary manner since the beginning. I assume it is trolling Employee compensation has very little to do with contribution. It has to do with labor competition. The only way to capture more compensation is shut out workers willing to work for less. no offense intended, but how does that compare the an equivalent position in the valley? The point is not so helpful without the reference. For example, are you equivalent to a L3 with 0 years of experience at google making 200K, or an L6 with 10 years experience making 600k? I'm not sure how you can say that when Grubhub has been operating since 2004, public since 2014, and turned a solid profit up until 2019. The list contains basically every business in existence. The application is what is arbitrary. Factories with PPE and distancing is a no go, but construction is OK. You can go to a liquor store but can not get heart surgery. Then, on a national level you get bizzare edge cases like attempts to shut down drive in church services 99% of Scuba divers don't carry spare air. It is hard to imagine it being worth it for surfers. Do you have any sources for your numbers? The only values even close that that that I have seen were specific to the restruant industry. >That said, I'll reiterate that keeping people from dying due to "economic devastation" is very much within our present capabilities and doesn't depend on global economic recovery. Very true, but the most likely outcome is that people will not exercise their power to reduce the hardship in the third world. Most people of means did not bother to end starvation in the 3rd world before this, why would they be more likely when they are in worse economic position. How much have you personally donated to end starvation before this? If you haven't, what made you make the choice not to? Yes, I consider these examples to be arbitrary. The risks are different, but is not clear that one is safer than another. Interpretations are different county to county with no rhyme or reason, with safer locations implementing more restrictive measures. Examples of bad edge cases prove that bad edge cases exist. These too are arbitrary, but by definition, less commonplace. >This whole industry is yet another example of “fake markets” that were created by just massively subsidizing something with VC cash. How do you reconcile this narrative with the fact that Grubhub turned a net profit every available year until 2019 per their SEC filings. [1] All told, they only took about 85 million between founding in 2004 and IPO in 2014, and they were already net profitable when they took the last 50.[2] [1] https://investors.grubhub.com/investors/sec-filings/default.... [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grubhub#Grubhub_history The dilemma posed was should educators prioritize detering cheating or catching cheating The severity of punishment, student morality, ect are context only. hence "A non-moral dilemma about cheating" That is not a unsustainable "fake market", it is being a transactional middleman, as seen in almost every market. I totally agree with your assessment. Given that, it really makes me wonder how UBER and their ilk skirt predatory pricing laws. UBER is running a loss, tanking the profit of grubhub, and now considering buying it out. That is why I said until 2019 in the parent thread. I suspect losses in 2019 were related to increased competition from UBER EATs, Ect. Net income for prior years were: 2019: -18M 2018: +78M 2017: +99M 2016: +49M 2015: +38M 2014: +24M 2013: +7M 2012: +8M 2011: +15M Why is the ruling stupid? It seems like an entirely reasonable check on the power of the governor. The health department and governor can order a binding shelter in place, but the elected state representatives have the power to overrule it. Shouldn't the majority be able to revoke such an order if they want? All of that may or may not be true, but the claim was that VCs pumped and dumped the companies on hapless investors, which clearly isn't the case. Just went and checked. Looks to be effectively shut down. 750,000 subs and literally 1 allowed post in the last month. The definition of empathy is feeling another's pain for what it is worth, I believe it is a 0.0X% chance of dying for https://science.sciencemag.org/content/early/2020/05/12/scie... That may have been the case previously, but is not my understanding of the current state. At least in California, Tests are readily available and anyone who wants one can have one. You know that the SSA does not manage any market invested assets, right? When Social security taxes exceed payout (which they haven't since 2009), the income is used to finance deficit spending and the SSA is given a special federal bond. Yes, this was a central point addressed in the article Why do you assume that? They could be modeling 20 year sales. Yes, this was a central point addressed in the article Yes, But a manned aircraft can not hover outside my bedroom window in my backyard Interesting line drawn by the ruling. The government can enforce consequences but not forcibly vaccinate. >Justice John Marshall Harlan delivered the decision for a 7-2 majority. He rejected Jacobson's claim that the Fourteenth Amendment gave him the right to refuse vaccination. Harlan deemed that the Massachusetts state punishment of a fine or imprisonment on those who refused vaccines was acceptable, but those individuals could not be forcibly vaccinated. The top quintile of earning households vastly exceed the bottom quintile both in terms of working household members and hours that each member works. I wonder how many that is on any given topic and what our public expectation is. 2% of the population is intellectually disabled (by definition). 7 million Americans fall into this category and will never progress beyond a 3rd grade comprehension. Not a big fan but an occasional listener. He covers a wide range of topics and his content is interesting if you have no prior exposure to them. I think many people find his attitude a breath of fresh air in the face of cancel culture. I think the goal should be the most concrete data we have. A debate could be had on if self reporting or test data is more accurate. One factor to consider is if the self reporting data is being represented in a way commonly reserved for test data. Another factor to consider is that 33% of Americans think they may have had covid and 13% think they probably did [1]. This is grossly out of agreement with serology results. https://www.businessinsider.com/small-percentage-americans-w... This is far from certain. The virus has not been identified in the wild. There are several genetically similar viruses in pangolins and bats sampled from China, but Covid combines sequences from at least 2 of them. Not necessarily. r0 can be much more reliably measured than severity. hospitalization and death rates give pretty clear picture of doubling time, but could represent wildly different percents of the overall infections Do you have sources for any of your claims? My understanding is that there is a real medical discussion about when and under what circumstances it is appropriate to ventilate a covid patient. Some patients certainly die from ventilation who would otherwise have survived Covid. Some patients live due to venilation who would would otherwise have died. I think the point is that giving 250 on 20,000 people is a poor way to " build the case for a universal basic income". It is not a test case for any of the purported advantages for UBI, and actively undermines many of the fundamental principles of UBI. Hell, the money would be better spent on lobbying. You could run a test case in a low income country where 5 million goes a long way. For example, the median per-capita income in India is $600/yr[1]. You could use this money to provide 3,000 people with $300/yr for 5 years. https://worldpopulationreview.com/countries/median-income-by... I understand the theoretical basis for removing misinformation and disinformation, but policy proposals is an entirely different ballpark. Two reasonable people can agree on the underlying facts but disagree on policy. Additionally, this is absolutely censorship and an effort to silence people. It is not an illegal act of censorship. similarly, you can agree that it is legal, but still not like the censorship. There is censorship and government censorship. Both are real and people can have valid opinions on both. I like it when the government censors child pornography, but I don't like it when they censor political speech. I like it when corporations censors child pornography, not not when they censor minority opinions on covid policy I don't think it is generous to believe "getting tired" was used metaphorically. On the other hand, perhaps you are right and this medical doctor really thinks the virus is a singular entity, with thoughts and feelings. I’m not sure what part about a a 900k house inflated due to NIMBYism and stupid policy choices is reasonable. If OP feels the main entering the bottom of the market with their exorbitant salary, imagine how the the average person feels. I agree that there is a blurry line between corporate censorship and corporate choice. One way to draw a distinction is if the the corporation is typically in the business of publishing opinions, and intentionally suppressing of a specific idea to meet a goal or objective. >If your minority opinion on Covid is welcome on Platform A, but banned from much larger Platform B, both of them being private entities, does this count? Censorship does not have to be universal. For example, some speech is banned in churches but permissible in public. >f it counts, how is that different from the New York Times refusing to publish my dissenting opinion on the local galleries, which I am free to publish on my universally accessible blog? In your example. if the New York Times normally allowed the public to post gallery reviews, but refused yours specifically because it fell into a category they want to suppressed, this would be considered censorship. >If it’s just that “not publishing what I want them to publish” counts as censorship then (as per my first, unloved comment) I think it’s a perversion of the term. Many places have real censorship, as in “publish this idea and you go to jail.” I agree that many places enforce censorship with severe punishments, but punishment is not central to the idea of censorship. For example, an effort could be made to destroy all evidence of Oscar Wilde's Homosexuality. This would certainly be an act of censorship, even if Wilde is not harmed, or even if those who resist are not punished. >If I’ve got it wrong, please, enlighten me. Wikipedia has a decent summary of different types of censorship if you scroll past the political section [1]. Some examples of corporate, religious, and self censorship. This utilization of the word is not new and consistent with what I have said. I think that the idea that censorship can only be imposed by a state under threat of punishment is an inaccurate and restrive view. That said, if you feel strongly that this is the wrong definition, you can just substitute the word censor with suppress when whenever you read it. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Censorship But even with universal admission, the privileged students will still be favored in the first year of college and have a higher retention rate. After all, they are the ones who can afford private tutoring and test prep in college? /s I understand that corporations are private entities and currently within their legal rights to remove content. This means, if they so choose, they could remove speech they oppose form youtube, google search, and emails. Why are most people comfortable with a reactionary approach to this problem, and waiting to see if they exercise this right in a disagreeable manner? Wouldn't it be better to develop a solution before the need arises and legislate a clear limit? The criticism in the article is based on comparing Joe Rogan's' podcast to a SaaS business and is fundamentally flawed. >And make no mistake: Joe Rogan is a business...I think he is capable of, his corporation would easily be valued at over $1,000,000,000... >As I pointed out in my last post, if Rogan had added subscription, he would have owned a company that looked like the world’s best SaaS business. The problem is that there is no exit for this business. Nobody is going to pay 20x past earnings for JRE without Joe. This is the difference between being a performer (literally a gig worker), and a business owner. It is still pretty great. A lot of people would happily exchange one year of fees for having to unsubscribe. Think of the application for the deceased or incapacitated. Running down every subscription a deceased parent could have had is a huge pain.