Fantastic looking. Forked, and going to deal it with myself tomorrow! Also, to anyone who forks this and decides to use, you might want to remove the authors original google analytics! I'm not criticising, I'm only trying to complement what you've already done. The buttons show an underline on Safari on OSX when they're hovered over. I'm working on it now, and will post a link with my fixes later on. Fantastic work, thanks so much! I get that, I was just wondering really. I have no problem with it personaly, I'd rather see ads for stuff I'm actually looking for than singles in my area Not sure how true this is. I'm based in dublin, and there's 40 people in final year engineering, plus about 100 in final year computer science, plus another 30 misc. final year students that will be looking for development positions from one university in Dublin. There's 4 major Irish universities in Dublin, and I'm in the smallest of them, so there's probably 900-1000 grads from CompSci/Software Engineering from just Dublin alone. Add to that the pub standards meetups, where there's regularly 1-200 people there, and I know of plenty of other people that don't travel to the events. There's a large amount of talent in Dublin, and I would imagine all the other cities in Ireland too. I'm an undergraduate Engineering Student. About 16000 undergrads in my University. EDIT: I also know javascript Up in Ireland! I like it. Could we get it emailed to us every day? Pity that blue manilla folder is the same folder as every other folder on mac I don't know why the author is annoyed at this, it's not as if he's paying for the service. that's great. but why doesn't ctrl c do it? I mean it closes everything else on my system, except man pages, vim and some other programs that use less. D2's multiplayer sucked. It wasn't until LOD (a year to the day later) plus patches that the mutliplayer was decent. And I think you're misinformed, I know plenty of people (myself included) that still play D3 and enjoy it. That's not necessarily a European view on abortion. Many countries in Europe are strongly catholic (Ireland, Spain, Italy come to mind), and in some cases, the religious views have affected the laws (read: Ireland). I'm Irish, and abortion is a hotly debated topic; The main people against legalising it are staunchly catholic groups and use this as their basis. Check out kaleidoscope if you've got a few minutes to try out a new tool. Blew P4Merge out of the water for me. And BeyondCompare if you're on windows. Linux; sorry :( I posted above; and someone else said you were on a mac. Check out Kaleidoscope. Surely you can disable the garbage collector for particular segments of code? This is particulary impressive, seeing as it came from Polygon, who are notoriously pro-MS Not quite 100000, but 1000 people are watching one guy play clash of clans right now on twitch: http://www.twitch.tv/directory/game/Clash%20of%20Clans I'm an avid FF user, and also a (relatively) proficient programmer, with skills in python c++ and a little javascript, but I'm terrified of getting involved with something this size. I have no idea where to even begin trying to help! pulling the code right now! Now that you mention it, the first time I logged in on mavericks, I noticed a delay, akin to using msysgit on windows. I did fix this, I think by altering some of the parameters passed to the login command. Breaks a lot of other functionality, but it works. My parents still buy EVERYTHING in brick and mortars. I work in a retail store, selling computers and accessories. People tell me it's dead, I can guarantee you it's not. Maybe when our parents generations are gone, but not until then. I'm not a java developer, but their tools are fantastic. I started using PyCharm about 2 years ago, and nothing else compares. Only complaint I have is that PyCharm's updates aren't as quick as INtelliJ's, so when you guys get the nice features, we have to wait for it in PyCharm land. Its interesting that you mention their ad breaks. For 6 months, I had no idea that spotify operated a premium service whatsoever, until they imposed the 2.5hr limit per week on my account and hit me with more ads. I subscribed immediately. Started with Paint.net, went to Gimp, then to Photoshop and currently jumping between Gimp and Photoshop. Bear in mind, I'm a developer who sometimes has to dabble in graphics. I only use GIMP because I can't afford the license on my home computer, and my university supplies my Photoshop license. While I think gimp has the potential to be great, the UI and workflow is painful in comparison to PS. For instance, take creating a rectangle with a gradient on it (with curved corners), and a border that fades from one color to transparent (thinking a rectangular button here). Photoshop: Choose foreground colour and bg color to be the two points on your gradient. Pick curved rectangle tool. Drag rectangle, and change fill type in the top bar to be radial gradient. Click Stroke, and change fill type to gradient. adjust the color. GIMP. Select the selection tool(why???) Drag the selection to your desired state. Apply a gradient to the stroke by... I don't know actually. then go to slect, and choose rounded rectangle, and choose the border radius (in %??? what the hell sort of measurement is this). Click Ok. Go to edit, and choose stroke selection, and choose stroke with Paint Brush. (This creates an empty border with a stroke around it). Use Gradient fill tool to create the centre of the rounded rectangle, then resize to fit within the border because I can't figure out how to not apply the gradient to the border which is in the selection. In the end, you get the same result. But PS's workflow makes more sense. to draw a rectangle, you use... a rectangle tool. In gimp, you select the shape you want and draw a stroke around your selection. I also find gimps export a pain in the ass. Why can't I click save as, and save as a PNG rather than having to export? It's clunky, and a pain to use. No matter how powerful a tool is, it's useless if the interface is non-intuitive. I know they don't want to go the adobe route, but they may consider taking some inspiration from one of the most researched products in the world. Exactly. However, the methods of obtaining these files legitimately have improved vastly since then too. I will take whatever route is most convenient. For music, if I can give you my card details and you take a prearranged amount from my account every month, and I don't get interrupted, I will happily pay for this service (Spotify). Give me a TV service where I pay a fixed fee, and get to watch what I want when it suits me (on a saturday night, not at 9pm on a tuesday when I have to be up at 6 the following day), and I'll pay for it (Netflix). Service to get the latest and greatest game that my friend has been talking about all day, but all the shops are closed when I get home? Steam! Note that steam started selling 3rd party games in 2005, Spotify started in 2008 and Netflix started in 2007 (Streaming I mean, not the DVD on delivery). I realise this is only true for a small minority of countries (I'm in ireland), but Before these services, the alternatives were pirate or go and buy in a store. Now that I can easily get the media I want through legitimate means, I have virtually no reason to pirate stuff. Sometimes however, games I want/music I want is unavailable on X service. If I download it/use it I'm probably going to buy it at the next opportunity anyway. > We need people to stop worrying about "casual gaming at scale" and start worrying about "living a good life at scale". I'm a healthy male in my 20's, I eat well and exercise regularly. I'd be PISSED if everyone stopped working on games and tried to solve all the eating problems of my friends because they're too lazy to do it themselves, instead of catering to what people who already try to live healthily want to do. Because, before the internet was widespread and used for distribution, the only way to get your research out was to be published in journals. Part of this deal involves handing over the rights to your paper to the publishers. This is pretty standard procedure: JK Rowling isn't going to be going giving rights to penguin books for the Harry potter books while she has a contract whereby Bloomberg publish the books currently, it's a similar idea. Additionaly, the measure of an academics success is based on his (or her) citations, and if your citations are from "website of some guy", nobody is going to take you seriously. It's a vicious circle, and the whole system needs reforming, however the thing is, conferences such as SIGGRAPH, FOCS, INFOCOM etc etc all play an important role, that they offer peer reviewing, and you can guarantee quality (if something is published in SIGGRAPH, then you can normally rely on it). Until there are viable alternatives, which are accepted and can ensure that the quality of the articles appearing is of a high enough quality, this isn't going to change. But you can't do that without requesting both images from the host. >and yet they're demanding take-down notices of such pre-prints hosted on 3rd party machines. In the contract you sign, it's clearly stated you can't upload your manuscript to 3rd party distribution sites, other than arxiv. Don't get me wrong here, I'm not keen on what they're doing, but they're staying within their contracts. I'm also interested in this - I'm graduating in August with a Masters in CS, (degree in engineering), and all I can find are the likes of Google graduate program, (or other similar sized companies), rather than R&D-style positions... Not really. They don't accept drivers licenses, so if you're flying from Ireland, your only option is a passport. It can also be called the reddit hug of death. Works, but the gist is now gone. However, it looks so similar to sublime, I can't believe it. In case anyone is looking for it: the command is curl -L https://www.atom.io/api/updates/download -A "Atom/0.1 CFNetwork/1.5" > Atom.zip How do they not notice almost 3 billion yen missing? That's almost 30 million dollars if I'm not mistaken. I don't think you understand what he meant. I know there are companies around me that have offices located in not-so-central areas of the city that offer a free bus service to bring you from major public transport hubs to their offices. Maybe it would be more subtle if they didn't change the face of the DVD and subtly let you go "Hey, do you smell pizza" to whoever else is in the room? any chance of an invite? EDIT: Teceived, and removed email address! Thank you very much! Will share these on here later. This is cool and all, but it's another Chrome only site. You might as well have another desktop app that I have to download. Why isn't there support for other major, Modern browsers such as FF, Opera and IE11? Sounds like a problem with your connection. Netflix streams 720p for me, but whenever there's a downward spike in my speed, rather than interrupt me by buffering it drops to 480p until it has had the chance to download again in 720p. My stance, as a Netflix and Spotify subscriber is: I'd be happy to pay double what I'm paying right now if you would give me the content. If I had the ability to get the US Netflix library selection(Ireland here) for 16 euro a month I'd be delighted. Remember also, that we pay much more than you guys in the states do. You pay 60 euro a year, whereas we pay 100, and you get more content than we do. I don't get why they don't want my money.If I can't find it on netflix/spotify I'll check iTunes, which is usually a dead end, and then finally I'll pirate it. Why not let me pay 8 bucks a month for HBO access aswell, I'd happily do it! Are there any books available that someone could recommend for me to go down this route, specifically for hand crafting assembly routines inside my C++ programs. (note I'm currently only compiling for 32 bit). It's something of interest to me, but I've never gotten around to it. I'm comfortable with ARM assembly, and have a solid enough understanding to proceed, but the references I've come across so far go as far as "here's how to embed a simple ASM snipped inside your code, now you know how to do it" and then skip to "copy and paste for specific routine". I'd like some exercises for in between stages, for stuff that might actually be worthwhile doing. I played both consoles for about 3-4 hours pre launch (each), knowing that I was going to buy one. I was a 360 owner last gen, and PS2 the previous gen, so I don't have any real allegiances. However, I much preferred the PS4, not only for game selection, but the controllers felt better, and Kinect is great at first, but it really is a bit gimmicky after a while. Kinect sports is fun with friends, but not so much on your own. PS4 has exclusives like Infamous, Killzone, Knack(which I thoroughly enjoyed), Resogun, and loads more. Xbox has Ryse(didn't like it) dead rising(granted, it's fun) Forza(I want this one)and Titanfall(on the fence, probably don't care to be honest). The selection of games on PS4 is far superior, coupled with faster installation times, a much smaller box, and better looking games, makes it a no brainer IMHO Not everyone leaves their browsers open when they're at the computer. I don't, and on a 100/100 connection, from click to inbox open it takes me almost 7 seconds. I tried it twice on all 3 of my gmail accounts with varying results, but none faster than 5. Sorry, forgot to check this. One left! So you think this just all happened in the last week? > People still do that? Yeah, we do. Somebody has to manage all that memory that you throw around in your ruby/python scripts. not the downvoter, but my 2c: > if only for the visually jarring effect it has I don't find the effect jarring in the slightest, actually. there's a gentle fade into the background and then the tiles fade in, which I find quite easy on the eyes. > since they removed the Recent files I work with my apps pinned to taskbar. If I want to open my last VS solution, I right click on VS and click the top icon, which is the recent list? Maybe there was another recent list. > Interop between modern and classic is still terrible I agree here, in fact I would go as far as to say it's non existent, although I'm not 100% sure what sort of interaction I would expect between them. Allowing the metro apps access to more functionality would reduce the sandbox level in WinRT, so that's not going to happen. The only way I can see it happening is if MS give desktop apps access ti metro/modern app data, which is a privacy nightmare, so I don't know what the solution here is. I'd be interested in hearing one though. > no windowed modern apps Article says all MS universal apps will be windowed going forward, so I guess that means they're backing down on this. > start search is split by app type don't know what you mean here. If I type in "Evernote", I get Evernote(desktop App) Evernote(text file I have named evernote) Evernote(Metro App) > The modern UI also suffers from not allowing renaming of apps. Rename the classic ones so? > but frankly, booting isn't where I spend most of my time Where do you spend most of your time? By the sounds of your criticisms, searching among the number of metro and classic apps you have installed, on the metro screen? I don't know about you, but 95% of my time is spent with FF, visual studio, spotify, sourcetree and 3DS max open, none of which are affected by the metro interface, so nothing has changed for me. The only complaint people have is the start screen for Windows 8, which seems to more be a case of "I like the start menu", although as you state there is some missing functionality re: recent files. But what about the improvements? My boot time was cut substantially, I'm on my desktop(including going via the start screen because I like booting to it and seeing the live update travel tile and looking forward to my next holdiay) in ~ 8 seconds. Much better multiple monitor support, for backgrounds, multi-taskbars. Built in reset and restore settings. File History: this is awesome. Works like time machine for OSX and is a major upgrade over Backup and Restore. I've also noticed my usage is snappier than it was on 7, and an increase in battery life on my MBP ( I run bootcamp). Built in ISO mounting (bye bye wincdemu) is also cool. Overall, I'm happy, and won't be changing back. This is awesome, thanks well, is it a goat or a joat? will be 6 years in september. UNdergrad in Engineeiring, MSc in CS. Started when I started college Because good idea in theory != good idea in practice. Showing that this actually works in practice (albeit on an isolated incident) shows that the bug is dangerous in practice, not just theory. Look at all the research in timing attacks etc on TLS, some of which are theoretically feasible, until you consider real world possibilities of remote servers, such as "Their ISP is fiddling with routing so I have varying latency", or "They're using different server configurations and I don't get connected to the same one every time". This has been PROVEN to steal someones private key, which is worse than giving someone the keys to your house, It's like giving them a blank passport with your name on it, letting them put their photo on it, and with that taking your car keys and hosue keys, and everything that identifies you. Luckily, the fix is easy, just upgrade, revoke, and force password changes for everyone. > Notable OS X still brings networking back up faster With the notable point that it doesn't work properly on a lot of hardware, in my experience (and in the experience of others I know). The major ISP in ireland provides the same box for most connections, and my mac just will not hold a connection to them when resuming from sleep. It appears to be an issue revolving around assignment of IP addresses, but I can't reproduce it, and it doesn't happen on my work network or uni network, but every UPC network I use with the same equipment (Technicolor TC7200U) has the issue. I didn't watch the video, but I read the description. How much do you think you can accomplish in 3 months? 3 months, 3 people, 8000 pounds, that's hardly living money, never mind development costs, and any costs you have to pay for kickstarter for the physical rewards, etc. I wouldn't put my money out for some people who have no track record of delivery, and there's no plan for what will be delivered for the money, or what the end product will entail, what you intend on doing with the product afterwards. Also, anyone who stumbles across the page sees a project that is nowhere near funding, and doomed for failure. If you can, get a lend of 4 or 5k, and get your family and friends to pump the money into the kickstarter. If it's close to funding you might get enough to clear the goal, and your money back from your loan. Also, your goal deliveries are october (for early access?) yet your funding is for 3 months? what about the other 3/4 months in between times? What sort of money are you going to spend on marketing the game when it reaches the app store? All this information should be on the kickstarter page. You've also had no updates in the month, which would be disappointing to see if I was a backer. Some people don't want to do "jobs" per se. I know I'm interested in development because it's something I like doing, and I have an unfortunate liking of expensive things. Some people are genuinely content with the company of other people, and only want to work so they can spend the rest of their time with other people, and making their days better. Would you say that someone who is a checkout operator in a store because they need money to be able to do the things that they want to do (go on holidays, or go to the beach with friends and family) has a handicap because they find themselves in what you consider a menial job? I certainly wouldn't. Sure there are a lot of people who would rather be making more money, but money isn't everything for some people. Safari 7.0.2 warned me, but let me proceed. Nightly 31.01a flat out blocks it. Don't have any other browsers to hand. If BF4 was written in Csharp, or java (or rust or go?? I'm sure it would still have just as many bugs. One of peoples biggest complaint is the kill shots that you don't see, but that's a design choice (client side hit detection). Well, I struggled to get through the first half of that article. Enough banner ads? Less prone to certain kinds of bugs, sure. But logical errors, not necessarily. here's a link to my instagram: http://instagram.com/f9ab8ed9dacd8724bc/# Damn, that's better than me! Do you not feel that workin on side projects all the time wears you down? I haven't had one for about 5 months now, I've been working so hard on other stuff, that I need something like LoL, WoW, or battlefield to take my mind off things on the evenings. But do you spend time watching TV? There's no real difference, if you enjoy spending time doing something then you should do it. Whats the point in working hard if you don get to chill out? I'm interested in Game Development, specifically physics simulation and graphics programming. The box2D code (C) is fantastic. > judges? What about the leaders? The people we elect into office? Judges are appointed by the president, and confirmed by the senate[1] (I guess that means voted on by the senate after a high ranking civil servant decides they would make a good judge) so if this person disagrees with the policy of the senators, there's a good chance he's not going to get into power. The people who are in office are normally so caught up in this sort of thing that they would end their own careers by speaking out about it, or worse, be called traitors of their own country and hunted by the NSA/FBI (see Snowden). The problem is once you know about it, you're already in deep, and your head will roll if it rolls. For many people, that sacrifice is too much to make. If you have a family, you ruin their lives too remember. All your friends, parents, relatives lives will be turned upside down at the same time... Is that something you would risk and give up if you were in this position? [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_federal_judge Ditto. And I've ony used VS for about 2 years now Are you guys accepting recent graduates for this? A lot of people in here comment on how this is not tghat big. I have a netflix sub, and every time I visit my parents, they want to watch it, and use it. They don't use it when I'm not there because they can't figure it out. It's an app on a new TV, and is literally 2 or 3 button clicks away. If netflix was channel 500 or something on our TV box they would happily pay for it.remember that not everyone is as technically inclined as we are. Looks like most other people in this thread got the picture. This is overly pedantic. Really lovely view! Quick way to get back problems hmm. I think I'm gonna go look at kittens Normally very scripted, but getting better recently. This is a really sticky issue, however I can't help but feel that Julie is handling this quite unprofessionally. She has been posting for the last hour on twitter about how she is satisfied with the blog post, however feels that everything was wrong, and she's actually going and naming names. (other than TPW), which is completely unfair IMHO. She says that she strongly believes that this would have not happened to a man, and the report says that they found no evidence of sexism in the workplace. This has been brought up before, but is it at all possible that some of the treatment she received was because she is difficult to work with, rather than because she is a girl? Nothing in the report points to anything having happened that was specific to what JAH talked about, could it in fact be the case that people are treating a sub-par, or difficult employee (in their own eyes) differently to others around her, and in her mind, in (what I asssume is) a predominantly male workplace, she sees this as discrimination? I don't know what to think, but unless there's any evidence either for or against, I think the only reasonable assumption that we can make is that there may have been fault on both parties sides, the extent of which is unknown. Nobody is questioning TPW's behaviour, the question mark is over whether she was being discriminated against by the other engineers and founders. It's evident from the resignation, and this report that TPW was behaving inappropriately towards multiple employees, not just one female, which seems to imply that this wasn't a case of her being discriminated (in this instance, however we have no proof either way for the rest of the accusations) I keep a notebook in the bathroom... larger (proven) market share is my guess. I have no stats on that by the way, it's a pure guess. The closest thing I ahve is I looked at the humble bundle stats, and scrolled down to the first games bundle which is : http://support.humblebundle.com/customer/portal/attachments/... Looking at the graph, I can't differenciate between mac and linux on it, but the next one (humble indie bundle 9): http://support.humblebundle.com/customer/portal/attachments/... the mac purchases are more substantial than the linux ones. This could be due to any number of factors, but like I said, it's only a guess. Granted, I'm not in the same boat as exec's, but I'm a student and have had dealings with people from other universities in the UK (I'm irish), and I have flown, met them in airport hotels, and flown home same day or first flight following morning. Which you have to host yourself. Not the same thing. > Git-annex with symlinks can add an extra layer of protection, in that you have to unlock the file before editing Is that like how Perforce handles it? cost of living is about 1.5 times higher than the US. Source is somewhere in this comment thread I'm sitting in work right now (PC repair shop) and they really really do. We get students coming in the week before thesis deadlines with dead hard drives and no backups of a years work. We get about 2 or 3 people daily coming in asking about replacing a dead hard drive and recovering data. I flew economy from London to Mumbai with as much booze as I could handle, both directions. There was some sort of ban on serving alcohol in Indian airspace, but outside of that they were happy to keep giving me tiger beer until I fell asleep. Ryanair already have this down to a T. You don't actually interact with any ryanair staff from the time you book your flight until you're passing through the gate. At that point you meet the cabincrew/stewards for your flight, two at the door who check your boarding pass and glance casually at your passport, and you then walk across the runway to board the plane in no particular order. Everything is an extra,you're bombarded with ads for the duration of the flight (particularly annoying on a 45minute flight where they start at takeoff and keep going until you land). You also print your own boarding pass, and are normally located as far as humanly possible from the airport terminal, in an airport nowhere near the location advertised (London Stansted, Barcelona Reus, Paris Beauvais). But I can fly to London return for 30 euro pretty much any time of the year in return for that. As is sourcetree, and not tied to github I'm currently working as a tutor in a center for gifted (high intelligence) children. Along with this intelligence, in many cases comes some mental difficulties. As an instructor in this environment, it is actually very difficult to deal with some children who are unable to interpret what I am saying to them. Not only does the child get frustrated when I don't understand what they're trying to tell me, but I get frustrated sometimes when I can't handle the situation, and the other students pick up on my frustration. The net result is that everyone loses out. These students are commonly known as special needs students, and I think this very accurately represents them. Some of the children require just a few minutes extra attention, others require regular confirmation, and others require practically no extra care other than being aware of some issue. I have never personally had to deal with a student with Down's Syndrome, however I know of some family friends with children who have Down's Syndrome. If you have seen and talked to these parents, in very many cases these parents have to dedicate their lives to caring for these children. The same is true for many cases in students; If I as a teacher have two students that require constant attention (for whatever reason) that means the rest of the students don't get the attention they deserve, and the two students I am dealing with don't get the help they deserve either. I don't know what the best solution is here, but I can't see having a large number of (excuse the wording, I can't think of a better word) difficult students such as those with aspergers/autism, Down's Syndrome etc. being a good one. The only point I can make on it is that in most cases, the transition to high school involves classes being split, and separation from friends. If students such as Henri can be sent to the same school as their friends, but possibly separated from others (which is what happens currently; students with severe mental difficulties are sent to separate schools) they can receive the individual attention and care that they deserve, but still be in the same environment as their friends and companions. I tried to be very careful with my wording here, and I apologise if I insulted anyone, it was not my intention. Twitch is owned by Justin.tv You're obviously in the US I take it? I'm in ireland and have a UK sim card too. Both my providers (granted, same provider in both countries) give me unlimited data, for 20 euro/25 pounds a month. I also get calls and texts included in that. I used objdump on one project, and I can't thank you enough for it! Because it's still not finished? > Is there some reason not to ship development tools? Do you not want the curious to have ready access to dig in and understand the stuff they use every day? More and mroe macs are being sold with SSD's, and installing Xcode uses a good 4-5 gigs (+1GB per platform in documentation). That's a good enough reason for me to not install it when I don't need it. > How is this any different? People will pay more for it, so Aereo will charge what they know they can This page is almost 1MB downloaded, including 5 fonts, bootstrap, angular, and jquery. It does not need to be this complicated. My facebook homepage, including images, is smaller than this site. They have to. If I send one in about any repo, it must be removed straight away. The pwerson who receives the notice can file and have it reinstated. Not everyone is a startup working with node or RoR. Most companies with more than a handful of staff would rather pay someone else to make sure it doesn't break. So, how do you tell a workforce of X people that 18000 jobs are going to be cut? Asthamtic here; I feel ya. However, I can also walk into a pharmacy here (Ireland) and explain to them that I'm an asthmatic, and need a releiver inhaler. They will give an "emergency" inhaler, (same inhaler, no questions asked) over the counter and ask me nicely to go to the doctor for the next one. You're probably an edge case. The vast majority of people who are ordering from online pharmacies are doing so because they think they know what they're doing, and because they feel X or Y, they should take Z. This isn't really a problem with inhalers per se, because the amount of them you are required to ingest is actually pretty damn high before you are in any danger, but for stuff like prescription painkillers, people are self medicating and avoiding doctors visits for issues that they should be seeing a professional for. He explicitly states that 18000 jobs will be cut in that email. My question still stands, how do you tell a company the size of microsoft that 18000 jobs are going to be cut, while still maintaining a shred of integrity? If you know so much better, please share with us. had a quick glance through his history, and it's ireland. (I'll remove this if you want OP). Can I just throw in that Ireland has some definite advantages, however living in Dublin is painfully expensive, and the money here (for lower level positions at least) is less than that of the UK > but I also am paying less than half of what I would for my apartment. Out of curiosity (I understand if you don't want to say) but roughly how much are you paying for your apartment, and how close to the city is it? I'm paying almost 1500 USD for my 2bed apt not far from the city centre, and the landlord is increasing the rent in September (I'm leaving anyway). The saving of ~500 dollars per month I would imagine doesn't last very long when you factor in everything else. I don't know what income differene you have, but a month ticket for bus only is 140 euro, (190 dollars), a beer is €5 (cheap in the city centre)and I find shopping in general to be more expensive than home (outside Dublin, but still in Ireland). You sure about that? A quick glance at http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_cities.jsp?coun... tells me that there is a difference in rent, (I know it's not accurate) but I know that the rent in Dublin has increased from that figure. Most people I know are now paying 1400-1600 USD for 2bed apartments, so I guess SF could have changed too. A number of those laws already exist, but are ignored or have exploitable loopholes. How do you know define reasonable assumption for getting a warrant to search someones home? If you need tangible evidence for that, then the warrant is basically pointless because you ahve what you need already. PCI compliance for instace is clearly being violated here, as are numerous data protection acts; the issue is that nobody is accountable for it > Whereas 5 star hotels that usually charge $14.95 daily have the worst. The people that stay in these hotels normally aren't paying for the rooms (business trips for instance), so the company will pay the cost of the wifi for the duration of the stay without question > 5 star hotels aren't really for most business travels though. I mean, if you are an exec ya, but usually you just get a 4 star Hilton at best. 5 star hotels are for rich people who won't notice. Ah, I know that. (WEll actually, I don't. Ive never stayed in a 5 star hotel before). but, I was just making the point. > 5 star resorts usually ding you for lots of things, its how they make money (travelling next week to Thailand, psychologically prepared but at least the internet is free). Thailand is fine for that. I stayed there last year, (around this time) for about a month, and stayed in 4 star accomodation most of the time for less than 30 bucks a night (euro) for two people, and we always got breakfast, wifi, and towels. My advice is book one night in a hotel, and go in to the reception and ask how much it is to stay on. You'll normally get 3-400 baht off. Now I want to go back to thailand.. This is a glorious example of how to design a tutorial in a game without bombarding the user with piles of text! Love it! > Electric blankets can burn you and the whole house down and do not use the same form of heat transfer Source on that? I had a quick search, and it seems to be one of those rumours... The only reference I could find was old (pre 2001) and faulty models. I tried to compile GCC for ARM (from X86 Windows), and it was a nightmare same problem in dublin; my student card and travel card both interfvere with each other > You mean MS doesn't want it. MS is not everybody though. Xbox is one of the ways they can keep DirectX around in the face of potential competition as you said yourself: As far as I'm aware, devs aren't too keen on it. No other maor consoles are using it anyway, so the X-platform argument doesn't really apply. If you download the XCode developer tools, you can extract the libaries from the .dmg using 7zip on windows I found I got an ample supply of both for a slipped disc. Tried Yoga, hurt more both short and long term. Land it safely on the ground 20 or 30 feet from where it took off, obviously /s My TV remote has a keyboard - it's absolutely garbage. Ryanair don't do that. The price they advertise at the flight choice time is the price you pay. THey then try shove extras down your throat, but you're not obligated to buy travel insurance, rent a car, use their jet ski etc . But do they still update the stable version of ST2? From what I gather "beta" is his way of describing the fact that he's actively developing it Where did you read it? All the research and evidence points to the fact that crunches don't work. Overtime (60hr week for two weeks) is different, but extended overtime periods do not work. If you have any citations other than anecdotal evidence, please share with the rest of us I fly with them regularly, but they're short trips (2-4 days) so my experience is different. You can check get your boarding pass in some airports by phone now though which also helps! Oh I know it used to be, but It's changed now was what I was saying! My point is that the "released" version has been abandoned. He's not supporting previous versions at all, you pay for access to an actual beta build, but if you happened to buy the full product you're SOL > Opiates don't have psychedelic effects or even the general mental impairment of pot. Spoken like someone who's never been prescribed opiates. I had to take oxycodene for a while, and before that tramadol (a milder opiate) and "attend" university at the same time. I might as well have been in Antarctica for all the mental capability I had while either.They're also massively addictive, with pretty harsh physical withdrawal symptoms occurring after short dosages, requiring a slow weaning process to stop taking them. > This paper is needlessly hard to read (4 pages in before there's even an explanation!) Not particularly bad going by the standard of some of the papers I've read. I only really noticed the difference when I stopped taking Oxycodene. My evidence is purely anecdotal, of course. I was on it for about 2 months, with about 3 months either side w/ Tramadol, so not quite long term, but long enough. I wouldn't classify it as a dumb feeling - more of a passive state, but when I stopped with the heavy opiates I noticed an increase in productivity - I spent much less time working and achieved a much higher output. Of course, that's not an option for some people. It's because we're not in work Doesn't work properly for me using FF 31.0 I can see the words on the tiles before clicking them. two points - > In summary, two near identical (99.9 percent) apps. One approved. One rejected. This sounds like the real reason they rejected your app was due to the similarity. > I won’t go into full detail about how many times I was on the phone with customer support about problems solely due to Apple Ever tried ringing Google's customer support? How about parking? In Dublin (Ireland) where I live, you're paying 50/month (600 a year) euro for parking at home, AND then paying your daily rate of 45-50 a week for city centre parking. That's terribly awkward to carry around. Also, a GPS device doesn't tell me when my next bus is due (there's about 45 minutes between my buses). I also now only require one charger for my GPS and MP3 player. I can also look at cat pictures on the bus. Well, my MP3 player is my phone. No, it's a 30piin (iPhone 4S) Every time I see this I feel compelled to point out that Europe gets it worse than you, despite your complaints. Say 100 AUD for a game. That's roughly 70 euro (which is the cost of a new PS4 game in Ireland). The median household income in Australia is 66k (AUD) or 47000 euro. The only source I can find for a median income in ireland states it at around 27000 euro. The purchasing power of an Australian in that case is far higher than an Irish person for instance. My university outsources the email to Google apps for Education. I opened 2012 and 2013 and they're almost instant on my machine(high end machine). Opening my main solution for work is roughly 3minutes on same machine, which would be nice if it could be done faster, but that's not going to happen I suppose. You don't see the point of the blog of a javascript web framework requiring javascript? Its most likely some existing function, btu they aren't specifying which one. And engineering and CS, both undergrad and postgrad. Fantastic website for when the library was out of stock of that book published 40 years ago that there's only 3 copies of in the country... Have you met a teenager? They will blindly just click ignore/ok until they can do what they want. an invalid cert error isn't going to stop them unless it actually blocks (rather than warns and lets them proceed) You could always do it? I'm at a desk in work, so I have my (3 year old iPhone) phone plugged in all day. Guess you'll just have to live with the fact that you spent half a coffee on supporting an independent developer to create something you use every day. You monster. As someone who has interests outside code, and works on propietary software, I don't have code that I have open sourced. Does that make me a bad developer? (In fact, looking at my toolchain and libraries, I don't think anything I'm working with is Open Source at all... yay games) If you're in Europe, ryanair are steadily getting better and better. They still don't quite fit the bill, buit they're cheap and reliable and their dirty practices are getting less invasive > replicate this to 100 patients in the next 60 days and scale, scale, scale!!! Most likely the fear of any unknown side effects that haven't manifested just yet, and the ability to refine whatever procedure was performed to try and minimise any of the long term downsides to this approach? Well we have computers now... And are any other airlines any better than Ryanair for that? My last ryanair flight that was cancelled, I spent 3 hours in the airport and was flown home, and got lunch out of it, and when the flight was cancelled the estimated departure time was correct. Obviously, I'd rather get home, but that's not a half bad service. Comparing to Aer Lingus (another Irish airline that offer similar routes) I've been offered nights in a hotel because they decided to overbook my flight, and I arrived on time (~50 mins before departure to Dublin), not early. Which would you prefer? > I think a huge proportion of OSS devs these days use linux / osx. For web development, maybe, but a huge amount of C++ development(games in particular) are almost exclusively done on windows So what you're saying is that the bugs from a piece of software written 20 years ago (roughly) can be solved by writing the program in a language that hasn't had a stable release yet? Sure there are better alternatives now, but what widespread, well known, portable language was available in the mid 90's that this could have been written in? Simd optimisations aren't very minor. For games anyway, we have a 90-10 rule (90% of time is spent inside 10% of the code) I'm sure that exists in other areas too. One of the most common operations performed is multiplying 4x4 matrices, which can get 300% speed ups with the correct simd operations. To get that speed up in the most called parts of your code is anything but minor > No it's not because MSI packages and EXEs are signed Sure, some are. But most software packages that a user is going to download aren't signed. When they weren't established authors, they signed deals for the next X books to be with said publisher. Another is that an established author may sell X copies at 15.00/copy, or Y copies at 25.00/copy (but only take 7.00 of the 25). If I'm an author, and my passion is writing, not marketing, if X 15 7, or even anywhere close to equal, then it makes sense to go with the publisher, so you can spend more time writing Onedrive is deep in Office. Latest version defaults to trying to get you to save on your OneDrive i wouldnt like to try compiling my work projects on anything less than 16GB ram, never mind 2GB XP came out before Debian 3.0. At that point, Google hardly existed, iTunes hadn't been released, and the Nokia 3310 was less than a year old - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nokia_3310 Anyone who is still running Windows XP has this coming. tentatively raises hand - jokes aside, I have, an I know that the produc I was working on involved supporting a custom build target - we maintained te XML files by hand. On the IBM front I think you need to reconsider. http://mobile.bloomberg.com/news/2013-05-02/ibm-says-justice... (apologies for mobile link). I've read your comments throughout this thread, and am curious, what will MS have to do to get back in your good books? As far as I'm concerned, they're far less shady than google, oracle, yet your own views seem to be against giving them a chance. I'm not well versed enough in world hunger problems to talk about it, but on the Global Peace side, we are currently in the least violent period in the last 2000 years. > can we please stop paying so much for warfare an awful lot of research for space has been done with defense budgets Only downside I found with GLM is it is dog slow when built without optimisations, making debugging painful, and as it is a header only library you can't compile an optimised version for debugging purposes. I'm not aware of any libraries that solve this problem though, while still remaining as fast when fully optimised. I did consider trying to create a custom recompiled header built with full optimisations but I never got around to investigating it as an option... I'm working with Visual Studio :) But this would have been awesome, as I think it compiled with MinGW. > The other aspect is privacy - in theory, all user's data can be stored and accessed forever, eg. 20 years from now, when the reincarnation of someone like Stalin comes to power. Is havin your stuff stores locally any more secure in that situation. If someone wants your data they'll knock on your door and beat you and your family until you give it to them Doesn't handle large binary files Although this article points out that UE4 doesn't use synamic_cast, Unreal implements a full reflection system and uses it instead. Similarly, if you searched for uses of stl, you'd be is appointed because everything is reimplemented as TArray, TPair, TMap, etc. Yep. We use Perforce in work, and from my experience, most other game dev's do too. I quite like gliffy for styled diagrams. Not quite the same effect as the ones in the article, but still very nice. http://www.gliffy.com/ > It's usually easier to get hold of obscure content commercially. Unfortunately, your definition of osbscure depends on where in the world you're located. iTunes don't provide the same catalogue in the US and the UK or Ireland, Netflix don't provide the same catalogue. BBC documentaries are freely available in the UK online, but extremely difficult to get in Ireland without buying a physical copy, and up until last year, I didn't have a DVD or Blu ray player in my apartment There's a few really good fun AI challenges that you can get stuck into - Even though they're ocmpetitions and over, you can still get the tools for them http://www.marioai.org/ http://www.sscaitournament.com/index.php?action=tutorial http://www.slideshare.net/coboslab/demolition-derby-2012-gec... http://www.cloudball.se/ http://www.computerpokercompetition.org/ http://aichallenge.org/index.php http://www.botprize.org/ http://aigamedev.com/open/coverage/ctf-report/ http://aibirds.org/ http://geneura.ugr.es/cig2012/competitions.html But this is progress at least. We should support progress in this area, in the hope hat it encourages these companies to be more accepting and open im with future releases > Related to that, double or triple the warranty periods. I'm not convinced that this solves anything. When you buy a 50 euro/dollar vacuum do you expect it to have the same life expectancy as the 500 dollar vacuum made with higher quality parts? If the company is required to provide a 6 year warranty for a machine that they estimate to last 2 years, they will simply stop producing the cheaper vacuums, meaning everyone who wants a vacuum has to now pay 500 dollars. My knowledge of Vacuum cleaner economics is limited, granted, but I can't see how this works out well in the longer term for anyone, other than the people who would have anyway purchased the more expensive product (that normally comes with a lifetime/extended warranty from the manufacturer anyway) Nto directly what you're looking for, but an arduino starter kit would only set you back abouut 50 dollars, and has everything you could need to get started with that sort of assignment. It also teaches you to be careful :) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battery_charger#Charge_rate explains it pretty succintly > I can send someone an EXE that they can double click and install and I'm in. On Linux, that's much more rare of an occurrence. I can do that with linux binaries too? The difference is that a Windows user is more likely to install untrusted software. I wonder if I post on HN/proggit about my cool new ruby project, and start it off with curl | sh, but put something malicious, how many people will blindly install it? Me, for one. I'm 23 and would prefer it if people didn't swear. It doesn't add anything to the conversation and is completely unnecessary. Shillings. there were 20 in a pound, and 12 pence in a shilling, for 240 pence/pound. the d signifies pennies. Signing a petition is easy. If this is to make a difference those 1500 developers need to not support apples policies and boycott the apps tore, and get users to do the same. Video of the toaster here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JosAD2mvUCE > Cons: Playing with the Stress demos (especially #2) really shows the slowdowns and downsides to using a JS based engine. At 450 boxes (+ 4 bounding walls), it runs at 20fps on my Macbook and thats with a lot of jitter and overlap. Not as fun. Have you tried enabling sleeping? Even most AAA games don't actually have even remotely close to that number of bodies active in a game at once. Sure, the engines can handle it, but having a stack of bodies like the stress demos is the absolute worst case, as you normally have to resolve a chain of contacts, in this case a few hundred, iteratively. Most physics engines also benefit hugely from multithreading, something which JS doesn't provide. > I wish I could see a physics engine using WebGL and GPU acceleration for the web. This one is a great start if the author were to take it further and implement some of the logic with shaders. That was tried on PC and consoles and most game developers are going back to using the CPU for physics calculation, and using the GPU for rendering. Using WebGL with this particular demo shouldn't increase the performance if the bottleneck is the physics simulation. in 3d you normally represent by a 4x4 matrix, which can be easily reduced to 6 floats (x y z translation, and x y z rotations). The problem with doing that little work is you'll very quickly be bottlenecked by copying memory to/from the GPU. If you want to do any raycasts for instance, or query for occlusion/bounds testing, you need to upload data to the GPU, run a (potentialy very slow, serial) query, then copy the result back. The results normally aren't worth it. Enabling sleeping is a difficult thing to actually do, especially in a stack of bodies. You have to enforce a minimum movement threshold over a series of frames usually, and group bodies together to go to sleep, and also wake the same group up when there's motion. It's not always easy to do > The question then becomes how slow is copying to/from the GPU versus doing the computation on the CPU when it comes to 100s/1000s of active bodies. The amount of time spent inside a GPGPU kernel for updating 1000 rigid bodies wouldn't even be as much as the length of time to copy the data back and forth. You've also got to consider the acceleration structure used for the collision detection. If you have a hierarchical tree-like structure (BVH, BSP tree) then how do you update it in parallel. you need to spin off thousands of tasks for it to be worth running on the GPU. If you have that many dynamic bodies, you're probably going to be draw call limited in trying to render them, unless they're exceptionally simple objects (Particles for example, which are already GPU accelerated in modern Game Engines). > I agree that normally (small examples) it wouldn't be worth it, but for any large simulations, and say, video games of the future, I have yet to see someone attempt to do this. Perhaps it truly isn't beneficial enough... but who knows. In modern AAA video games, the active body count in a scene would be no greater than the hundreds. Think of a scene from Assassin's Creed, or Battlefield, and think about how many truly dynamic things there are in the level. Chances are, there's you(the player), a handful of other players, a handful of explosive barrels, maybe 5-10 vehicles, and a few extras for bodies. For something like Assasin's creed, the computation is most likely in the animation, where hundreds of physics raycasts from the players hands to the various "climbable" points are performed, and the updating of the very detailed skeletal mesh. Modern games utilise almost 100% of the GPU time already on rendering for lighting, AA, shadows, ambient occlusion, transparency, reflections. To add more stress to the GPU is unnecessary really, considering that the computations are so short for a few hundred bodies that the bottleneck will be copying the data over and back. I wrote my masters thesis on GPGPU accelerated Bounding Volume Hierarchies (A common structure used in Raytracing and in Collision Detection). The overhead of a small copy stalling the GPU is quite severe. It's worth it if you can do all your work on the GPU without having to copy back, but that's currently not feasible for interactive simulations. Anything that uses NVidia Physx will have GPU physics in some sense, but very few (if any) of those actually use GPU acceleration for their rigid body simulations That's only the JS port as far as I can see. The original potentially supports more. For anyone who hasn't read it, (and is interested ofc.) this website has one of the best explanations of A* I've ever read. http://www.redblobgames.com/pathfinding/a-star/introduction.... I do (although I guess it's because that's how the browser works currently) - when I hit ctrl tab in FF, I know that the browser will move to the tab to the right, and ctrl shift tab will move left. If I check email, or open a tab to read during the day, and come back to my browser later on, I can't necessarily remember which tabs I used most recently. Reflections aren't necessarily baked, it's equally likely that there's just no player model. > Heroin isn't weed. It destroys lives of its users Well, no more than any other addiction to opiates. The issue with heroin addiction is that 1) it's illegal; (in many places) 2) it's expensive as hell. Clean Heroin by itself has no majorly bad side effects that aren't associated with other (legal and regularly used/abused) opiates like oxy/hydrocodene. Constipation and cotton mouth are about all that comes to mind. The risks are the same as any other street drugs; bad batches, reusing needles, dirty needles, and unmonitored usage. I'm not saying heroin is good, by any means, but it's not as bad as it's sold as. And even lower again is Paracetamol/Acetaminophen (Tylenol if you're in the US), with the fatal dosage being as low as 3 times the recommended dosage [1]. I can walk into a pharmacy here and buy enough of it to shut down my liver for less than a pound. I get what you're saying, but if you're talking about overdosing, then I think it's fair to say Heroin is absolutely lethal. But if used responsibly (I know, I know) it's safe. Wouldn't a clever idea be to let the payment procesor handle the taxes? so you hand over to google/amazon/apple to do your payment, and give them a tax free price, and they apply the tax for the buyers location, and compile a monthly invoice for you? > "buyer's location" is unnecessarily complicated to determine and prove. My only way of guessing this is by country of delivery? For instance, I'm living in the UK, but if I pay by using my Irish credit card, should I be charged using Irish or UK vat? I've a dolce gusto machine I got as a present, and the capsules are 4 pounds for 16, which is expensive if you compare to buying ground beans. But consider that if I choose to make two coffees instead of having a Starbucks/local shop on my way to work, it's been worth it. Seems reasonable to me, especially as it's consistent quality and i don't drink enough coffee (maybe one a day at home, probably another in the office using the office machine) to warrant buying a full bag and letting it go stale. > Stop worrying about how well your code performs and focus on more important things. It's very naive to think that that's an acceptable tradeoff in every situation. Would you accept it if chrome/FF/ suddenly consumed an extra 30% of memory and CPU time after a single update, because the developers decided that the HTML rendering code wasn't readable enough? Or if you're writing code for cars that needs a response time in sub millisecond ranges to delay for hundreds of milliseconds before engaging traction control because the code wasn't well labelled, so it was rewritten? There are plenty of cases where performance is absolutely critical, and it is the most important thing. Telecoms are also classified as utilities. > It was a marvellous bit of well-made kit Marvelous other than the 1500 dollar price tag for an unfinished product, the lack of software, the abysmal battery life, and the obvious privacy concerns of this device being constructed by one of the most invasive companies on the planet? I agree with the fact that it's the first, but calling it marvelous is a bit of a stretch. > But I agree. I'd much rather have a dumb tv and upgrade my attached boxes. So you trust the manafacturer/software provider of your attached box more than that of the TV? Siri, and Cortana (iOS and WP8 voice recognition engines) both send the clip to a remote server to perform recognition. There are many services that provide real time processing of large amounts of data on server cluster/farms, and more are coming. It is very much possible to perform large computations in almost real time in these situations, and you'd be surprised at how little latency people notice, particularly when there's no indication of what the actual number is. That doesn't add anything to this discussion. Siri is more than usable for a lot of things - I can set alarms, timers, and make calls without reaching for my phone. I'm not saying that it's revolutionary, but it definitely works. Noticed this with CUDA before. When I tried to render data that lay outside the buffers I was working on, I would get textures of my web browser appearing instead of what I expected. Game developers also belong to that group of people who squeeze work out of every cycle. Less than 18 months ago, two of the most commonly used devices contained: 512MB dedicated RAM (with 10MB of VRAM) (xbox 360) and 256MB RAM and 256MB VRAM (PS3) alongside very aged processors. The hardware was almost 10 years old in both cases. Even the current gen aren't particularly powerful, coming in at 8GB ram with a 1.75GHz processor, and a GPU comparable to a 3-4 year old PC for the xbox one, and 1.6GHz processors, 8GB ram and a slightly beefier GPU in the case of the PS4. Well, you could always just size up one of those heated blankets, and attach it to the wall. Maybe even combine it with a more efficient fuel source like Natural Gas, and heat water that flows through the system instead of a coil. Sounds much more efficient, especially if you have multiple people in your household. Imagine a system like that... I learned with the assistance of StackOverflow and Google-Fu for blogs and things, but now in work we use a handful of propitiatory libraries, with no information available online for them, and now have to work with only the documentation (and granted, direct support if I need it). It's really made me a better developer to default to the Docs rather than SO. It sends your spotlight commands to the search engine to give you web and iCloud results in spotlight. Equally you could say that Google sends every key press you do in chrome's address back home I was attempting to be srcastic and explain that mounting a radiator on a wall connected to a gas boiler would be an improvement on what we have here. Also, many places in the UK and Ireland have insulation on exterior walls already. Mozilla still uses hg for their source control "Hey siri" is only enabled when your phone is plugged in, and it processes that particular phrase on device, not across a network. Most games don't do any heap allocations at al during runtime(or at least very very few), so you shouldn't/don't end up with garbage collector pauses during normal gameplay. If you refcount your main structures, they can be auto cleaned up /removed when changing levels/loading scenes/swapping chunks out on the fly. Put a while(1) in one of your game scripts in unity and let me know how great it is CUDA gives you pretty much full access, and AFAIK you don't need admin priveleges to run a CUDA program. many of my errors when writing cuda code resulted in my web browser being rendered as a texture. Pro license doesn't give you source access, that's negotiated in their enterprise license, which had always been the case. Idgo so far as to say if you're not modifying the source having it available doesn't add much for you. I doubt they just said screw it lets release. This week is GDC so both companies were likely to make large announcements during GDC IT just so happens that epic didn't wait for their keynote, meaning it's more like unreal said "screw it lets just go for free" My point was that they had most likely planned on releasing during GDC anyway, (which is this week) > There is a lack of free open source state of the art game engines. The best one are based on the open sourced Quake 3 engine and Cube2, though they are 10-15 years old. And most modern commercial engines are just as old. Unreal has been around since 98, and I'm sure there's at least some of the original code in there. Source is based on the quake engines too, and runs on an ancient version of Havok that valve licensed years ago. Cry engine I'm not sure about, having never looked at it. Most of the modern call of duty games run a modified quake engine. The problem doesn't just exist in open source engines. the difference is Commerical in house engines tend to start with a stock unreal engine, and rip it apart piece by piece until they're left with the same editor/base libraries, but almost entirely custom engine code underneath. Clang/llvm I can't load the site at the minute, so I don't know, but I've used gource[1] before, with great results [1] https://code.google.com/p/gource/ My phone shows contents of my mail on the lock screen already Because you still have to rasterise it, which is a relatively slow operation, and considering rendering the OS assets is one of the most common tasks you will perform, it probably needs to be a very fast routine The scots preservation of Gaelic is much less than in Ireland. When I was in school, I took Irish classes from when I was 5 until I left, as do the vast majority of children. Most Irish people have at least a handful of words and phrases they know. All of the road signs and government communications are translated into Irish. In gmail - ads It's definitely a problem in games, but there are plenty of people working 9-5:30 or so with regular lives outside work. There's plenty of SV startup that would have you work similar hours with similar pay as the notorious gaming studios. Setting up a windows 8 pc is wonderfully simple. Theres an option to reset to defaults, and the default driver discovery is quite good. Windows 8 has picked up display drivers, wifi drivers and pretty much everything else that I care about in every laptop and desktop pc I've tried. I haven't tried Linux recently (about two years ago) but when I did I had major headaches with a Broadcom wireless driver, and a Bluetooth chip, that both worked flawlessly on windows 8. Installing "common" software is a doddle too, wth Ninite. You get Firefox, vlc, Dropbox, spotify, Skype (now in windows updates though) notepad++, up to date Java and .net run times, pdf reader etc etc. I set up the installer once about 3 years ago and the same one still works, with a one click update. AFAIK it's voluntary, no? Also, given the choice between working 8(?) hours a day, or sitting staring at a cell wall for the same hours, which would you pick? (I'd pick the work) I did a 4 year undergrad in Ireland, and was required (as was everyone in my year) to write a thesis. It was supposed to be novel, and a few people just made apps, but the majority of people actually did try something novel. Depends on what you do. I work on a large c++ codebase, and running a full rebuild chews through about 20GB of ram, and almost 100% cpu utilisation on my workstation, for about 15 minutes. I use a mechanical keyboard in the office, and It's definitely louder than the membrane keyboard I use on my laptop. However, I don't bottom out my keys anymore, and the click of the keypresses is quieter than anyone else in my office who types more aggressively and bottoms out. 80k particles isn't an awful lot, unfortunately. I can hit well into the millions on desktop GPU's, so I would assume 2-300k would be well achieveable EDIT: Seems that http://threejs.org/examples/#webgl_buffergeometry_particles has 500k. But the original post isn't interacting either, it's just an integration with gravity, that happens to be rendered by WebGL. From yesterday: I compile a large C++ code base in work, and a full rebuild takes about 15 minutes on my 40 core, 32GB ram desktop, and uses almost 20GB of RAM while doing so. absolutely, but the parent didn't specify people using laptops. > still genuinely curious how 8GB is repelling a significant amount of people for a development machine. If I'm only remoting into the machine, then it doesn't count as a development machine. I could remote in from a machine running a P4 with 512MB ram by that logic. Using the visual studio compiler, the build tool we use spawns many instances of VC.exe, (up to 40) and they have a tendency to allocate about 2GB each. Normally, we only use 10-15 of the cores, but a full build will be all 40, and has began to crash the compiler. I suffer from bad back pain from a slipped disc. Yoga has a surprisingly positive effect on me. Although I can't quite do most of the poses and stretches, the hour or so of stretching has an overwhelmingly soothing effect on the pain and my attitude towards it. Not really. Opiates are terrifyingly addictive, especially compared to paracetamol, and inhibit your senses and abilities far more than paracetamol. Their side effects when mixed with other commonly (ab)used products such as alcohol, diazepam are far more dangerous than the interactions those other drugs have with paracetamol. There is definitely a reason to be concerned when companies are pushing out more variations on existing products. I'm NOT saying that the appropriate reaction is to get up in arms about companies pushing opiates, but some care should be taken. I don't know what the correct solution is, but I'd hazard a guess that freeing the sale of opiates to anyone over the counter tomorrow will result in more problems than we have currenty. Especially as there are other less drastic alternatives available for various pain sources. I've definitely noticed a massively increased tolerance for opiates, but not an increase in pain sensitivity. I've got a masters degree, taken for self fullfilment reasons. Myself, and the majority of people who took the course with me all now work as software engineers, none of us took it for immigration reasons. Two people are doing PhD programmes now. Just because you don't see the value in it doesn't mean it has no value. Apologies for the mobile link, but [0] says that in 2014 over 50% of your energy was from oil and coal. Have you a source on your claims? I know that many of the non-nuclear countries in Europe end up importing a lot of their power from neighbouring countries like France, who's main supply is nuclear. The big advantage of nuclear is it's relatively safe and readily available. How many people have been killed in nuclear related incidents in the past 30 years vs people killed in coal mines, for instance? [0] http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Energy_in_New_Zealand I agree. How many more thousands of miners must be killed before we finally abolish coal as a fuel source? Ah, I missed the electricity part, sorry! I've never understood this - why is it allowed that they don't show up for these votes? (Not just in france) Really? You couldn't be bothered to put the article into google translate? https://translate.google.co.uk/translate?sl=auto&tl=en&js=y&... (Sorry for long link) > Typically installing Linux from scratch has involved less fiddling with drivers than installing windows from scratch on an empty laptop for a while now. Windows 8 has worked out of the box on every configuration I've tried, with the caveat that it installs non up to date drivers (e.g. High end graphics cards). My experience with Linux (Ubuntu 15.04) is that the little use peripherals I have don't work at all ( I've a Bluetooth usb adapter and a usb capture card that both are plug and play on windows vista onwards but I've yet to find working drivers on Linux for). > Why would you want to downplay the dangers of pilots losing access to their flight manuals? If it happens at an actually critical time, they can have the ATC read the relevant sections to them. You mean like PowerShell? Powershell has had that support for quite a while too. > There seems to be some sort of taboo on getting high for whatever reason. My two problems with this is - 1) A number of people who recreationally use the substances keep telling me "You've gotta try this" - Its none of your business what I decide I want to take or not take. (Note this also applies to alcohol) The second issue is the real reason - There's not a problem with the majority of these drugs in their pure forms, but you don't have any guarantee what you're taking is what you think it is. At least when I walk into a pharmacy for X or Y, there is some accountability - the pharmacy doesn't want to stock bad batches of the drugs as they'll get closed down/imprisoned; The drug companies don't want to ship bad batches - it's a legal nightmare for them if someone experiences bad side effects from the drugs. If I buy from guy X on the street, and it's 50% cocaine and 50% rat poison - what recourse do I (or someone who is dependent on me being financially/personally) have against them? I'm young and averaged 3-4 cups a day, along with 3-4 large glasses (500ml) of water every day for the last 2-3 years or so. I decided to give up coffee at the start of march, but found it quite difficult. I had none of the "common" symptoms (headaches, tiredness, etc) - but I found it difficult to get over not having a cup in my hand. I swapped it out with decaf coffee (which has more caffeine in it than I thought) and have been much happier with my temperment and general energy levels. But they'll always have the alternative option of providing content through iTunes/their own crappy locked down system. > incentivized the healthcare system to hand these out like candy with anyone who used the word "pain, back pain or anxiety" It's all well and good to blame big pharma, but the problem isn't an incentivised healthcare scheme, the problem is there's a lack of awareness and follow up care associated with the people who are prescribed these drugs. In Ireland I was put through weeks of agony trying out various strengths of painkillers before they decided to give me Oxycodene, which had me back on my feet and in work. There's still people becoming addicted to these drugs who aren't given these drugs just because they are asked to. The biggest problem I saw was that my GP decided that when my back pain was resolved after an operation he decided I was finished with the painkillers as of right now. No weaning off process, no care to ensure that I was coping without the tablets other than the pain. furthermore, when I was put on them, my doctor mentioned in passing that they were addictive - Nobody mentioned to me that I could end up with a chronic addiction to them when they put me on them. As is always the case; education and information availability will solve a huge amount of the problems, along with better management when withdrawing from opioids (that doesn't require me to sign up to a rehab program) That was an absolutely awful ad - the website renders at sub 10fps on my i7 32GB ram workstation. My masters thesis content was known long before submission, and had been read at multiple stages by my supervisor before I have him a full "draft".issues that require a full rewrite should be aired at a much earlier stage. No, your comment was down voted because it doesn't add anything to the discussion, other than ranting about Microsoft and closed source. Do you trust not only the Linux kernel, but the people who developed your sister of choice, along with the source you downloaded it from? Did you verify that the version you downloaded and installed was the same as the version you have source access to? Did you do the same thing for all of the third party software such as your web browser, video drivers, etc. did you do the same for your mobile phone? Also, is everything on your machine open source? Are you using open drivers, firmware, boot loaders, BIOS? Assuming you've done all of the above, how many people do you know of that you trust to read the code and verify the above is true for them? How many people do you know that have vetted the source code of the distro you're using. Just because someone can, doesn't mean someone has, especially if everyone else thinks someone else will verify it for them. Googling for Darvai Girls app sent me to this: http://efytimes.com/e1/fullnews.asp?edid=155811 They usually require minimal amounts of power in comparison with a CPU with a similar thoroughput It's the same idea as: "Why use GitHub when I can host my own repo" and "Why use Dropbox when RSYNC exists" It's a nice, well presented website that serves an actual purpose. I think you're dramatically overestimating the number of people who don't want to see demo reels in the cinema. In our tight technical circles, sure, I agree that most people don't. But our tech circles are such a small percentage of the audience of hollywood films. There are plenty of movies that aren't drowning in VFX released every year, yet the numbers don't lie. Avengers, Harry Potter, Avatar, Pirates of the carribean (see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_highest-grossing_films for more)style films blow others out of the water. It's extrememly clear that people want films that are knee deep in VFX. If they didn't, then they'd stop spending 1.5 billion dollars on going to see the avengers, and see something else instead. Remember that a College degree shows that you can stick at something for a couple of years and actually finsih it. What's wrong with powershell?why can't you substitute it, and why is it inferior? Plenty of people have MRI scans that can show herniated discs. Have a look at [1] for a very clear image of what you can see in some obvious cases. Obviously some aren't as clear as the image below, but mine for instance was. [1] http://www.mayfieldclinic.com/Images/PE-HerniatedLumbar_Figu... The problem with some back pain is you're unable to walk or bend over, let alone actually exercise, until the pain is masked by something else. If you're acute, and prescribed physical therapy but can't stand, it's not going to work either though. There's no problem with being on opiods for a short period of time to relieve the pain, and allow you to take on a proper course of physical therapy, and get the exercise and movement you need. Between that and the cost of property in Dublin (rental prices are insane at the minute, and I haven't looked at buying but I figure it's the same) that's why everyone graduating in ireland is leaving I'd love to get some links to these high-paying jobs in Dublin? Last I checked, IBM were offering sub 30k for graduates, and Microsoft weren't far off the same amount. In US terms, that's 34k USD, for a city where you'll spend 800 dollars a month of your salary on renting a room, and another 170 dollars on communting by bus. You just said: > there are plenty of really well-paying job in the tech industry. And I can walk into an 80k job outside of Dublin. Considering the cost of living in Dublin vs the salary for tech grads versus... anywhere else in the world, you'd be crazy to stay. In my experience driving in the U.K, most of the major roads (motorways/dual carraigeways)have average speed cameras liberally placed on the road. I don't know what the threshold for a ticket is on the road, but I would guess you're more likely to be noticed doing 75MPH over a 5 mile stretch of road than by a cop in a bush with a speed camera. > London, Singapore, Tokyo, Hong Kong, Paris... are all way, way more expensive than Dublin. From a brief google, Tokyo looks comparable to Dublin, but the others, yes. However, I wouldn't take a job for 30k living in any of those cities either, that's just nuts. However, it is absolutely possible to get jobs in places where your ratio of cost of living to salary is better than it is in Dublin, even before you factor in how much more you would take home before you end up paying the nuts VAT rates, PAYE, PRSI, USC charges that push you into almost 53% tax at 32k euro. I moved to Edinburgh when I graduated, and forgetting about my salary, my rent is a good 300 euro less a month, my transport bills are lower, I live in a nicer flat than I did before, and general costs of living are lower than they were in Dublin. I have more disposable income than I would have had on the same salary, and the ballpark offers that I have received here are the same as, if not better than home. The reddit thread in [1] has plenty of people who came out at over 80k euro starting salaries. I'm not saying that everyone can get it, but there are some available. http://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/comments/1oiwc2/ne... I'm in Scotland, and drove from South of Glasgow up as far as Fort William, across to Aviemore, and back down to Edinburgh about 3 weeks ago. Almost all of the A roads (exception of Stirling back to Edinburgh) had average speed cameras That's what I'm lead to believe too, although I have no facts to back it up. I don't work in web development, and write 99.99999% of my code in C++. Every now and again I have to write a config script in batch, but other than that yes > s soon as it breaks, it can't absorb much energy anymore, thus it impacts your head a lot more. But it has still absorbed the energy that it took to crack the helmet. If the strength of the impact is exactly the same as the strength of the helmet, then the helmet will simply crack, and leave your skull intact. However if you're not wearing the helmet, your head receives the full force of the impact. That depends on where you are. I was stopped at 5am one morning cycling across Dublin city (my light died on the way) by the police. But it also goes on to say that the main reason is we're eating less healthy food, more of it, and are less active, and that that inch only partially accounts for the increased weight. Team sizes have increased, development cycles have increased, the size and amount of content expected in games has increased. Just because you now have better tools, doesn't mean it's guaranteed to get any cheaper. Yep - http://www.nintendo.co.uk/NOE/en_GB/news/iwata/iwata_asks_-_... > As to loading assets, plenty of games used a streaming model where you can explore huge worlds without issue. The streaming model isn't simple though. You need to decide which assets to load, when, and when to discard them. You also have to consider how your level is designed, i.e. if you've got three tiles, and a player travels from tile a to b, and then b to c. When he moves from b to c, you can remove a from memory, but what if zone b + c is too big to fit, whereas a to b is okay. A really interesting presentation was given at GDC this year from Insomniac games on streaming http://s3.crashworks.org/gdc15/ElanRuskin_SunsetOverdrive_St... There are plenty of projects out there with thousands of stars - https://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh hsa 25k, the linux kernel has 25k stars I had a quick look, and the only visual studio specific part I could see was building GLEW/GLFW from source, which is done using cmake. you just replace the setup of the headers/libs/paths with whatever platform you're using. > Getting a windowing library operating properly is a struggle in itself, What's so difficult about linking against a lib/including some headers and pasting the code snippets? The only part I really had problems with was figuring out that I needed glew, and why it wouldn't work on osx with the core profile . Once you've installed it you've given local privileges (or even root) to the app, so you're hosed anyway. Both hearthstone and heroes of the storm were in very long closed/open betas Why is that unacceptable? From the reports I've read re enabling the 30fps cap removes many of the performance problems. Some of the game logic can be hard coded to accept 33ms frame times, especially if the console versions are capped at 30 and the PC version is a port of them. They made a technical decision to cap it at 30, there's nothing wrong with that. If you don't agree with it, then don't buy it. Do you have a smartphone or a computer, or does anyone in your family? Given that this article is written by/for pvs studio, which works mostly inside visual studio (you can get it to work outside but it seems to require some amount of setup), anyone using visual studio's too chain has a static analysis tool at their disposal. Also, clang has built in static analysis, and I can't speak for gcc. My compile is already 10 minutes, I don't want to add a static analysis pass to every build thanks. Parallel build with 40 cores(2x intel xeons), 32GB ram using Visual Studio. According to cloc, we have 11k C++ files. 18k C/c++ header, with 4.5M lines of C++, and 1.5M C/C++ Header, and 700K C. We use a unity build to speed it up (to 10 minutes) without it, it's roughly 40 minutes. That's fine, but making it a default option for all developers on every build wouldn't be suitable for us is what I was saying. I'm fine if it's run on the CI servers, or even if it's a requirement that I submit a "clean" static analysis report with my changes, which can be done by giving me the option (like XCode/Visual studio already do). I fly Ryanair fairly frequently, their turnaround time from landing to takeoff can't be much more than 30 minutes. Three [1] exists in both the UK and Ireland, and has an "all you can eat" bundle [2] in Ireland, for €20/month, but their closest deal in the UK is £17.00/month on a 12 month contract. They also provide a "Like Home" service, where your bundles apply outside your home country, so I can use my UK mobile data/text/call allowance in Ireland and Vice versa. Despite not having roaming rates, It's still cheaper for me to use my UK sim here and have a separate one for home, as calling the UK from Ireland or vice versa on a phone incurs costs that aren't part of the standard bundles. [1] http://www.three.co.uk/ http://www.three.ie/ [2] http://www.three.ie/eshop/sim-only-plans/prepay-sim-only/ The Ireland one gives you the "AYCE" data, with free texts and calls (to 3 weekdays, to all moviles weekends), and lets you use the 20 euro credit on top of that. Fun, but stutters on my workstation, making it unplayable - FF 38.0.5, 32GB ram, Xeon E5 2690, GTX 780 Ti This is so true. I find it the same with BBC IPlayer - I live in the UK but travel home regularly, and have a 3 hour train journey. Despite having an active Sky subscription in the UK, and paying a TV licence in the UK, if I want to watch a show hosted on iPlayer there isn't any way to do it from Ireland. I normally end up having to download them before I go from other sources, which I hate doing.. Except that reedit had the population before digg crashed. There currently aren't any sizeable alternatives to reedit right now, so the same thing can't possibly happen Wasn't aware of that, thanks! I work on console targeted projects, we still have to optimise for very tight hardware constraints! When your phone battery lasted a week, what did you do on your phone, compared to what you do on it now? If I leave my laptop on standby the battery lasts at least 3-4 days, but if I use it continuously it lasts under 7 hours. Similarly with my smartphone, if I leave it on standby I get 2-3 days, but with "normal" usage - (moderate browsing, emails, texts, phonecalls) I have to charge it either daily or every other day. Feel free to contribute, FF is an open source project driven by people like you who get annoyed at bugs like this. > When my phone was new and I was commuting with it, I would typically get between eight and ten hours on a charge. Sounds like you got a dud phone. but being serious, It's one of the trade offs of modern smart phones. THey're designed to last roughly a day of usage. If you use them like you used your old phone, you'd get 2-3 days out of them, but then you might aswell just run with an Alcatel[0] and get the super long battery life. [0]: https://www.o2.co.uk/shop/phones/alcatel/1040/#contractType=... The world isn't so black and white. We don't have to have everyone working on solving clean drinking water and nobody working to improve the quality of life for people in western countries. Consider the implications of most western people having more free time. If we had an extra billion people on the planet who didn't work full time but decided to dedicate some of their free time to trying o solve some of the issues you're advocating we spend our time on, that would be a net win wouldn't it? Or you could buy a ticket, like the rest of us do. There's a few. ID software[0] open source their games, but require the assets to actually build and run the game (which you obtain by buying the game). Epic [1] have open sourced Unreal Tournament (note I'm not sure on the licensing, just that the code is available). Natural Selection [2] source code was released Star wars Jedi Knight [3] had the source released. Note that all the AAA games that I'm aware of that have been open sourced are older games, I don't know of any in development AAA games that are open source. [0] https://github.com/id-Software [1] https://github.com/EpicGames/ [2] http://unknownworlds.com/ns2/natural-selection-source-code-r... [3] https://github.com/grayj/Jedi-Academy Absolutely. not everyone on here lives in San Francisco and is paid 100k+ a year. I had a relatively good diet, a regular fitness routine, slept well, visited my doctor, and still ended up unable to walk for 6 months with back pain. That was with access to private medical insurance, in Europe. Even with theoretically unlimited money behind my problem, I was unable to get it sorted quickly. 18 months on and I'm not in bad shape, but I still can't walk for more than a few hours, and have trouble sleeping sometimes. All of the above + regular exercise. > Tests are not supposed to be written with speed in mind This is why the tests took 100 seconds in the first place. While I agree that speed isn't the number one priority for everything, Reducing the length of time your entire test suite takes to run to be doable on every single run of your framework is absolutely worthwhile. This is a problem in regular sports too Indeed - I competed in amateur rowing while in University (and was legitimately asthmatic) and at least 4 of the people in my crew became asthmatic during the time that we were training together... > I don't think non-contact sports require someone to sacrifice health, except for wearing out their body... That still fits within the bounds of "sacrificing health" Collision detection is a ball ache even when you use an off the shelf solution. There's still loads of problems and edge cases to handle. There's the bullet through paper problem, where fast moving bodies will skip through thin objects. There's scale issues when dealing with large bodies colliding with small bodies. There's floating point precision if you're too far from the origin, how you handle narrow things tag can get stuck in geometry. Writing a robust character controller is difficult too. Handling jumping and crouching are both full of collision nightmares. There's plenty of us (game developers) that do our best to push the hardware! So where can I find a list of these changes from Spotify? I'm not particularly to be sharing the data they're asking for, considering I'm paying 9.99 a month for the service. Was dev edition, or reinstalling Firefox (blanking your profile, adding, history etc) the improvement I wonder? And coal mines, oil/gas rigs have perfect safety records? Id love one too. I won't give up my mx browns, but I feel that using something like the lines is would possibly avoid future wrist problems I may have. 220 pounds (UK here) is too much to drop on something like this without being able to at least try it for 15 minutes and see if I would actually use it day to day. I work a software engineering job, and manage on average 1.5 hours a day of exercise, on top of relaxation time in the evenings. The trick is to get it done in the morning when you don't miss the timr I run 5k three times a week, and do a moderately heavy weights session each of those days. I don't want my employer to force me to be standing when I've already done 2 hours of exercise that day. 2-3 years between upgrades for me. I had a 3G, then a 4s, and now a 6. I'll skip the next (post 6s) cycle and probably upgrade then again. What do you do to your phones that makes you need to upgrade them more regularly than annually (which is crazy still) I see them the same way as I see suits/mad men/House of Cards. They're interesting stories about interesting people. I wonder how many people along the chain of command knew about this. It's evident that those at the top knew about it, and obviously those at the very bottom knew about it (as they were the ones fudging the numbers) but how many of the people in between were unaware of what was happening? I believe their claim is that it's for performance reasons. Drawing the line at everything without a 64 bit processor seems reasonable (from a "where do we draw the line" not a where dhould we draw the line) Firefox 41 here (and located in UK) - I also get prompted to install flash. EDIT: Cleared cookies and opted int again, seems to work for me now. Every game released using unity or unreal uses PhysX rather than Havok. Physx has a sizeable market share in AAA games too. If the source for the SDK is available, what part of PhysX isn't available? All of their core algorithms and solvers are available, although the Flex source code isn't available. Game works is another kettle of fish thigh. Many of the big hitting AAA games use Havok. Although they haven't launched yet, assassins creed, fallout, Halo, just cause 3. There were plenty last year like Destiny, watch dogs, evil within, shadow of mordor. I also left Spotify streaming on my work computer when I left this evening. My average Spotify usage is probably 23 hours a day. > Its most recent Companies House filing shows the company as making a pre-tax loss of £28.5m last year, but the firm also paid its 362 UK staff a total of £35.4m in share bonuses. So £35m was distributed as income towards the employees. This means the employees are paid extra, have more money to contribute and spend locally, and have paid the correct income taxes on the bonuses. How is this a bad thing? > Facebook reaps the rewards of the UK infrastructure. Facebook should behave as a responsible citizen and help fund that infrastructure. Paying their employees an extra £96,000 (on average) per head isn't them being responsible? The money is being paid to UK employees who will (in theory) spend it in the UK. I'd have a problem if they did what Apple are doing in the US - sitting on wads of cash because it's too expensive to bring it back into the states, but this is a win for everyone. The money is redistributed back to the employees, and taxed appropriately, how is that a problem? I got a years worth of delivery from sainsburys for 30 pounds. We've ordered practically every week since January, so it will have come down to less than 60p/visut We just have the particular versions of tools we rely on checked into perforce, and when there's an upgrade, you don't have to do anything different and everyone gets the upgrade. Even detecting collisions accurately isn't easy. This is only between primitives (spheres and boxes). Detecting collisions between convex hulls (and more difficultly non-convex shapes) is quite difficult. Call of duty? Sky landers? Destiny? In the uk there's a service called collect plus offered by lots of retailers online. You get your order delivered to a retail store (usually a small corner shop that holds a western union counter and a handful of cheap breads and things) and pick it up from there. their official line of reasoning is: RoboVM is a complicated piece of technology that we have worked hard for years to create. Over the past few months, we have seen competitors actively exploiting our good faith by using our open source code to compete with us directly in commercial products. On the flip side, we have received almost no meaningful contributions to our open source code. You can imagine how disappointing this has been to us; we had hoped our initial business model of OSS with proprietary extensions (like our debugger and interface builder integration) would work. But in light of the low contributions and behavior of competitors, we decided to stop automatically releasing changes to the core of RoboVM as open source. tl;dr they weren't receiving any contributions, and people were using their open source code directly against them. Despite there not being any fees in IrelNd, you have to pay a student contribution fee (which as a grant receiver you were exempt from) which is currently 3.5k/year and set to continue rising. Really the grant gives you more like 7k/yr as you don't have to pay that fee (which had to be paid up front in one lump sun) Why does package support make it more productive than c++? For most c++ libraries you download the source, build it (platform dependent) and set includes/libs and youre done. More so, you only tend to mess with dependencies infrequently, so who cares if it takes an extra 5 minutes once every 6 months? most places in the UK don't run AC even during the summer. I'm on holiday visiting family, and travelling back home at the moment. I need something to do for the 9 hours or so in travelling for, and work emails are one of the things I use to kill the time. We have those advance stop lanes for cyclists here, cars just ignore them even when there's cyclists stopped in them ... And remember. iOS has had this since its inception Uf you don't fit into any of the categories of people that would normally measure their own Body fat percentages (athlete of some description, normally), your BMI is probably a good estimate of your "shape". Sure it's not perfect, but it's a perfectly good estimate for a large number of people. And now I've got another device sitting on my desk, not what I want.. Speaking as someone who is a tad over 6ft tall, and not a body builder, it fits me quite well. My bmi when I started paying attention was roughly 26, which I was shocked at, and I got defensive about very quickly saying "it's incorrect for tall people" but the fact of the matter was I was about 20 pounds (10kg) overweight. It also quite well describes my partner, who is about 5ft5-6 I'm not a piracy advocate, but this doesn't offer any advantages over torrents. You still don't have a legitimate licence to view the content, so at that stage you might as well just torrent it. No thanks, I'm not getting rear ended at 70mph because I'm getting tail gated. I dress casually in the office, but take pride in how I look. I always wear clean, well fitting clothes, and make an effort to keep my colours well thought out. You might find me dressed in shorts and a tee shirt with a pair of vans, but it's not because I don't care about my appearance. Yes - Tiny and quick. I use it for quickly scanning text, or making config file changes. Is this not the whole point of the interview for you now anyway? For me, if I go in somewhere and get grilled for X hours and they deprive me of a chance to ask about certain aspects of the company, you can guarantee u won't take the job. Anecdotally - I would guess between 2 and 3 years based on the habits of my friends family and colleagues. "30% more Bing search queries per Windows 10 device versus previous versions of the OS" wasn't IE/Bing the default in previous versions of the OS too? I started tracking everything I eat. MyFitnessPal* makes it much easier, combined with buying a scale and leaving it on the counter (meaning I weigh every serving of everything I eat). I don't find it particularly arduous (been doing it since ~April last year) and it has made a noticeable impact on my waistline and my shopping bill (forced me to plan my meals to an extent). * Not affiliated with MyFitnessPal, but they provide a nice mobile app (iOS at least) and a HUGE database of foods and recipes. If you cook from BBC Good Food (as I do regularly0 you can normally find the recipe entered w/ calories and macro nutrients. I dislike the amount of tracking they perform, but no other software comes even close to offering the functionality they offer. Ah, understood. Thanks. I'd hardly call slack the epitome of usability. It guzzles memory, is laggy on my workstation (Xeon cpu lots of ram and a high end gaming gpu), their search functionality is abysmal too. I quite like slack, but I really wish they would consider a native app, or even just address the performance problems of their chat client. For sure. It's become a lot slower, the targeted ads are slightly unpleasant, and they really try and push their premium offering... Id love an open source alternative, but the problem is the food database (imho) U.K. here, but im allergic to NSAIDS (as are many asthmatics) so they're immediately off the table for me. It severely limits your options when you're in pain. bank transfer? I'm from the U.K. - everyone here is entitled to that number of holidays I'd love to get started using emacs, but it's extremely difficult. I want to use it to write c++ on Windows. I'd like to have autocompletion support, and navigation support on a large project (>1million lines). I have yet to manage to get it set up. If it were more straightforward to set up and use, more people would use it I'm sure. That's great looking. I'll give it a go today! I don't think the parent meant free as in "free()" - more along the lines of. Foo f; DoSomething(std::move(f)); // can still use f here. 90% over how long? I had a motherboard fail on a 2011 MacBook Pro running Windows 7 - I just wiped the drive on another Mac and put it back in and have it to them. No questions asked. What's the closest one can reasonably get? I didn't know whether or not it would and for the 10 minutes it took, it was worth it to not have to stand in the Apple Store and explain why I was running Windows and not OS X. The Facebook mobile app on iOS is awful - worse than their mobile website. It takes an age to load, drinks battery life, is massive, doesn't contain the messenger functionality (you need another 60MB app for that). I've never seen one in the wild, and only ever actually seen one in person when I. Was in school - they had one to show us what it looks like The music and drm war was totally won by Spotify/Etc. I'm in an office surrounded by people using Visual studio on windows, running Perforce. We do have some git infrastructure, and anyone that interacts with that uses sourcetree. I know that the diff tools of choice are Araxis Merge/P4Merge/Beyond Compare. There's also people using VisualAssist on top of Visual Studio. There's plenty of developers who don't mind using proprietary tools worked for me flying from uk to mainland europe, and back. I had a herniated disc - incredibly painful and it had terrible affects on my mood and my weight as well. I found that most of the effective treatments were ones that put me in a better mental state even if they had no effect on the pain. As someone else said; trust results! More accurately, to detect theft/misplacement (is it theft if I leave it on the beach?) It's sluggish on my desktop i7/970 combo. The "right" option is the same is at always has been - don't watch the movie. (Not saying I agree or disagree, just that it is an option) Count yourself lucky that your test takes 10 seconds. A partial build on my project takes ~3 minutes to compile + link. A full build is about 3 hours for everything. Most of the apps that are installed on my iOS device are ~100MB - slack (140) Snapchat (140) Spotify (100) viber(100) messenger (97) Airbnb (97) Etsy/Yelp/Starbucks/ are all roughly 70MB - Facebook is ~150 I believe. The worst part is that all of those apps are pretty much webviews... Messenger is another facebook app, which is almost 100MB on top of having facebook installed. Did you look at the stack overflow link? http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4456438/how-do-i-correctl... > It just works. You can't fuck it up. Unless someone checks out everything in the depot by accident.. Mines about 400 miles off - I'm in Scotland and it put me in london Afaik the editor is Windows only for cry engine. You get the source code as part of the launcher download, and you use that to compile for linux I'm running an i7-6700k, on Windows 10 with the MSVC 2015 compiler, my results were 9592 primes between 0 and 100000 Time taken = 12.808 Without optimisations, and 9592 primes between 0 and 100000 Time taken = 10.853 with full optimisations. I would ahve thought it would have been much better. without and with optimisations. But then I'm not running the same code as either the parent of my comment, or the article, and the benchmark doesn't hold. It's how fast can my CPU run the same code vs theres. I could make it faster again by precomputing a table and doing a lookup but that defies the point! I started at 10.853, and with very little effort brought it down to 0.003 The slowdown isn't in assigning the bool; If you pass in 10000000 into that function, it's going to get isPrime set to true on the first iteration, but if you early out, you save all of those values. Again, this isn't really the point of the exercise, it's supposed to be comparing the performance of the same piece of code ran on different hardware. https://gist.github.com/anonymous/c6d5bae04334cbc7ef9583ebb7... The common complaint is that when github goes down so do issue trackers/project management/docs etc. What are the equivalent alternatives for these systems that are distributed, so tolerant to downtime. If you are in a situation that you're using a DVCS but relying on centralised everything else, and saying that you're unable to work because your Issue tracker/CI server is down, have you really gained anything over the alternatives? > You know, git is a distributed system, unlike github. Thanks for the snark. I know git is a distributed system. My question was about everything else being down (your issue tracker, CI server, wiki/documentation), not about git itself. Thanks for the reasonable response - I've heard of fossil, but never had any experience with it. People have had 25 years (Wild guess) to become literate, and they haven't. What makes you think that's going to change? > either through a training course or just by reading a manual. If I had to read a manual to operate my microwave, toaster, coffee machine, sandwich maker, oven, games console, etc etc, I'd just get rid of them. I work on a large C++ application. A full rebuild is 35 minutes of our main configuration - that's with 2x 20 core xeons. We also have a "gaming" pc, which is an overclocked 6700k (think it's running at about 4.5GHz) - I believe a full build of the same configuration is about an hour. These are all valid points, if you're running a laptop machine. As someone who runs a desktop machine, 1 through 4 are not an issue for me. You can't do that really. Taking the UK, the cost of living in London is absolutely incomparable to say, Sheffield.[0] [0] http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_cities.jsp?coun... Trust isn't a binary thing. I trust different people; different organisations, with different data, information and details about my life and other peoples lives. I spend a lot of time looking at a profiler view of my application in work, it's a great way to see what the most "important" areas of the code are. You get call stacks for the hottest code paths, can read the code with annotations about how expensive a certain line is, etc. It's a good way to look at code I've found! I'm walking down a busy road with traffic passing me at ~30mph at the moment. Anecdotally, the last 4 cars have had one person in the car who has either been texting on a mobile phone, applying makeup, eating breakfast, and playing with the radio. Do you think the reaction time of the guy who's texting his boss saying he's late would be faster or slower than the driverless car that was in a long garbage collection, if I were to step in front of him? You do have a point on liability, and I don't have an answer better than a centralised pool of money that everyone pays in or out of. Those fpu precision issues are a nightmare. The most common way to get Around them is to do integer math instead. One thing that makes this possible is that many of those games run st much slower update rates (typical games are 30/60hz, many rts games run at 10hz) and they run in lock step. If you have different clients with slightly different views of the world it doesn't work at all That's great until you work with any third party libraries. I've had a 100% success rate contacting an author and asking for a copy. That option is available too. curious why an inhaler is something that is required by an advanced society. I'm asthmatic, but aside from that relatively healthy (not overweight, exercise regularly, eat well-ish, no othe major medical conditions). While my asthma definitely isn't helped if I'm inhaling diesel fumes, I'm far more likely to haven an exercise induced attack. Works reasonably well, but it absolutely ruins your compile times. There's also Firefox (I don't know much about Firefox power consumption. ) > Once the same nikki manaj song was playing in 4 channels, that was scary I thought this too, until I realised that the 4 channels were actually broadcasting the same airing, albeit slightly out of sync. AMD weren't notoriously bad at it, they were pretty much unwilling to do it, whereas nvidia are more than happy to do it `rm -rf ~/*` then > "Nike filter", you must be kidding me. Nobody wants to put goddamn ads on their photos. Plenty of people want to put certain kinds of ads on their photos, and are happy to do so! What data can yhet get from having messenger as an app rather than a website? They already have my list of contacts, all the messages I've sent, they can store my message as I type it through their website. I just don't understand! But they have that data through their regular Facebook app (I wonder if that's next). Also I'm on iOS so I can deny access to Gps/location/camera/mic and there's no way to access my message history. Thanks for the reply though! I drive a manual car, and have driven an automatic on occasion. I found it quite simple in most occasions, but when you need to slow down suddenly, the instinct is still to use a clutch and brake. I write lots of C++ (granted, not exactly the same, but still); I regularly beat the compiler. If you're in the uk, unfortunately you're at the mercy of the letting agents. It's already a racket and an incredibly invasive system, this is only slightly worse. Honestly, most people don't care. The only reason my SO doesn't use the Facebook app is because it kills her battery too much to be able to use Instagram later on in the day... I pay 1100 used (750 pounds) for a small 1bed flat in city centre Edinburgh and paid significantly more when I lived in Dublin. Whereabouts are you based? Prices are much higher in cities even in the uk. Not exactly the same, but you can use CEF - write your UI in html/css/js. As a seller I requested a refund on Ebay and received my refund before I even shipped the goods back! Actions speak louder than words. People continue to say they want more durable phones and longer battery life, but continue to buy thinner and shinier phones. Meanwhile apple attempt to force me to upgrade by popping up my passcode screen when I unlock my phone to authorise an iOS upgrade to be performed overnight, and I don't see people complaining about that. My iPhone is far more aggressive about nagging me - I get pop up modal on my iPhone every day, and about once a week it tells me to enter my passcode to allow an upgrade overnight. I'm 6'1 and I had a BMI of about 26 until recently - I was definitely pudgy. I also claimed that BMI was worthless until I dropped a few pounds and realised that it was right and I was just making excuses. If you're an athlete, or a bodybuilder, or particularly tall or small, it won't necessarily fit you. but if you're of normal-ish stature (ie 5'4 to 6'3), and don't keep track of your weight, it's probably bang on. I work on a code base based on UE4. There's well over 3million LOC. Sony historically supported OpenGL too, and approximately 0 games ever shipped with it. Many modern games buffer frames to render so the rendering is up to 3 frames behind the simulation (in the UE4 case anyway) . in a multiplayer game, you've got these 3 frames of rendering, plus network latencyt both ways, plus a frame of simulation time on the server, and then (depending on the engine) a possible extra frame of input latency when taking the input from the controller to processing it. I disagree. I regularly stomp all over the optimizing compiler, and it's not a massive amount of effort. It doesn't come for free though, and requires some upfront planning. The best way to think of it, IMHO is rather than thinking of "beating the compiler", think about working _with_ the compiler to help it do it's job. I don't always agree with what he says, but Mike Acton has some good words and examples of this. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GPpD4BBtA1Y - a youtube talk where he talks about working with the compiler. The slides are at http://www.slideshare.net/cellperformance/gdc15-code-clinic In particular take a look at slide 69 and the few following it for an example of things the compiler can't figure out (for various reasons) that we can help it along with. I absolutely agree. I liked buying the bundles before they started to artificially inflate the prices with a combination of beat the average and pay over X for this other game. Before they started that I purchased every (or at least almost every) bundle for 20-30 dollars, but I haven't bought one since. That's how you end up with all your belongings strewn across the carraige in an airplane I can't recommend using G2A on any level. While there may be some reputable "grey market" sellers that take advantage of pricing in different regions etc, g2a seem to be far shadier [0]. (specifically the keys are being bought with stolen credit cards, and the original seller gets hit with chargebacks) [0] - http://tinybuild.com/g2a-sold-450k-worth-of-our-game-keys I go through phases of no screens after 10pm. It mostly applies to Code/playing games, but I've found it also applies to HN and reddit. My quality and quantity of sleep improves drastically every time I do it, results visible from day 1. If you try headspace, (no affiliation) that's pretty much what they say to do. Windows is still definitely dominant for gaming. There are definitely an increasing number of games being released on Linux, but the vast majority of "PC" games are still windows only. I think by Java he's talking about Android. The same way having a secure password protects you from Brute force attacks - https://xkcd.com/538/ My understanding of real time is that it can be broken into hard real time and soft real time. Hard real time systems (such as car brakes) require a guaranteed response time. Soft real time systems (games are the canonical example) have similar time constraints, however the penalty for not hitting them isn't considered an absolute failure (not hitting 16ms/frame every now and again isn't the end of the world). I'm not aware of any other definitions of real time systems? > You can't have different translation units interpreting the same struct type declaration differently. Sure you can! // MyHeader.h struct MyStruct { int A; char b; int* c; }; // A.cpp #include "MyHeader.h" // B.cpp #pragma pack(push, 16) #include "MyHeader.h" #pragma pack(pop) I'm interested in keeping my data private, and willing to pay for it, I'm just not interested in maintaining a server, and dealing with 1) keeping it up, and 2) keeping it secure. I'd just rather pay someone a small monthly/annual fee to do it for me, along with keeping my data private. Honestly, I don't know. It depends on how usable the service is. I'm currently paying $36/yr for a vpn, $20/year for mail, and $12/year for password sync. Ideally I'd like to spend about the same, and be able to move my file syncing away from Dropbox/google drive, and my calendar off google. I'd be willing to pay a little more to support a cause though. Absolutely. I'm not bothered with allowing an externally facing system inside my home wifi network, and I'm not interested in ensuring I keep my systems patched and up to date. Id also not like to leave a box running 24/7 when I can leech a teeny amount of power from a data entire only when it's needed! I wasn't aware that sandstone had a hosted option, I was under the impression you had to provide your own hardware/vps. I'll check it out, but I'm still not that interested in maintaining and keeping it up to date! Honestly, I'm not sure what I want. You mention response times and priority support, and are talking about choosing nginx vs Apache. That's far more detail than I care about. I want to click a button, give you my card details, have an inbox and calendar that I can easily access on my phone, work machine and home machine, and with some level of guarantee about the security and privacy of my data. I'm not bothered about support response times - 99.9% of the time I'm not going to need it. I want google mail + Google calendar, without the Google. When I needed books from my Uni library, I normally had to request them from stacks, so I didn't even need to go into the library to get them. I'd just order them the night before, they get delivered at 8am, and I pick them up at the library front desk. > Personally I don't like installing games as root, because the game developer doesn't have the level of trust that my Linux distributor has earned over the years. Unfortunately, that's probably a holdover from game dev on Windows. In theory, you're supposed to install to Program Files (or Program Files (x86)) and store any user config data in My Documents. But most games just install with full admin privileges, and dump everything in Program Files. Many modern games are more than just games too, they come with patchers/installers that may require extra permissions, and they also tend to run extra anti cheat softare in the background that require elevated privileges. I wasn't aware of Virtual Store, that's actually quite nifty! And I was wrong about My Documents being the preferential place to store it. According to [0] it's AppData, as you say. I never meant to imply that the elevated features were necessary for the reasons mentioned, but it's _why_ it happens. In general, a company publishing a game isn't going to put it's top engineers on writing the installer. Those engineers will be fixing engine bugs or perf upgrades or have moved on to the next project by the time that point comes around, so chances are the installers are written by not necessarily the best people for it, which exacerbates the issue. Finally, it doesn't help that gamers are conditioned to granting admin priveleges to their games and installers. [0] https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/patricka/2010/03/18/where-s... I would say there are plenty of people who _would_ be interested in that sort of a service. I've been thinking about this since I wrote the above responses, and I'm fairly certain that what I want is gmail + google calendar + google drive, without the google. The more friction or configuration steps I have to go through, the less likely I am to use it. Case in point: I'm not particularly happy with providing LastPass with my password info. I currently pay for their service. In order to transition to KeePass, I have to give up the automatic sync functionality between my devices, I have to manually back up my key database myself, and I lose the browser extensions that lastpass provides. I'm finding it hard to justify switching for the above reasons. I worked on some robotics research not too long ago. We used an arduino for interacting with motors, sensors etc. We ran some semi-interesting filtering on the data before passing it back to a more powerful processor that ran a python program that did the decision making and provided interactivity from the user. The main reason we used the arduino was compared to all the alternatives (other similar hacker boards, and FPGAS say) it gave us a flexible toolkit, easy deployments to a board, and a very simple way of interacting directly with sensors throuhg a fairly convenient API. you need to have some sort of compromise. It's unreasonable to expect her to cxhange and you not to. Didn't agile (or a least scrum) start from car manufacturers ? http://the-agile-pmo.org/?p=54 Have you got a source for either of your claims? Plenty of people have opiod problems and live normal lives. > might be an unwritten rule that's not a source, or even anything close to it. Purely hearsay. > They just hire a bunch of hackers and make sure it stands up to 15 minutes. Stands up to 15 minutes of what? Smashing the side window with a crowbar? Angle grinders through the driver side door? Who hires them? What sources do you have that say this? You seem very authorative in this thread, yet have nothing to support your claims. because it doesn't add anything to the discussion. Who vets those libraries? And who writes them in the first place? I don't really get the point. If you're writing an app to do X, and you require functionality Y for your interface, if a library doesn't exist, or is just some random persons GitHub dump minidress and no other committees, what do you do? Those "large communities" and big companies are made up of people, who are front end developers are they not? It's pretty a Awful. I set it up as o was getting nagged about setting up the app as an authenticator, and the next update wouldn't boot. Not a great first experience, considering it's a webview app. Other than the fact you need a hefty amount of starting capital. Where are you picking up the projects? Normally they are blockers. If they're not, they find a workaround and ignore it. Once they can't work around it, they put a ticket in. The slack desktop app is another one, and it's not good. As another commenter mentioned, it's extremely memory hungry. Right now, it's got 6 processes running, and it's chewing through a little over a gig of ram. I frequently (roughly once a week or so?) check process explorer and find slack hung and sitting on 3+GB. Performance is sluggish on both the high end machines I use regularly (Dual xeon workstation, and an i7 6700k with 32GB/16GB ram respectively). The search functionality brings the UI to a halt, and scrolling through the message history isn't remotely close to smooth. Startup times are also quite long. I closed the app, and re-ran it. it was 5 seconds before the window appeared, and another 5 before my chat window was populated. I can't find a source for this right now, I've been searching, but I remember reading something about the Messages app (I can't remember if it was iOS or MacOs/OSX) is actually a webview app! Would love it if someone could find a source proving/disproving it. Interesting to know, thanks for checking! Well this is kind of obvious, is it not? Of course Facebook is going to have access to your data, they run the service. It's the same as expecting Google to not have access to your nest data, or Amazon to not have access to your twitch data. If it turns out that they're still using our data for advertisement purposes between the two platforms after opting out, then we can be outraged. That's a different argument, and a different article. The topic at hand is that the opt out doesn't stop Facebook accessing the whatsapp data, only prevents them from using it for advertising purposes. As a multi device user, it's definitely better for me. I have 2x windows desktop, a Mac laptop, an iPhone and an android tablet. With the current non-subscriptioin pricing model, it will cost me 65 dollars for the two desktop apps, plus another 20 dollars for the android + ios apps - that's a fairly hefty upfront fee. 3 dollars a month (after 6 months) is far more appealing really. As an aside, it's extremely difficult to find out how much the android pro feature currently costs, I ended up finding it in the comments sectino of one of their posts rather than the google play store or on their website. Well I haven't paid for it, I'm currently using lastpass. Why wouldn't I be able to use their $3 plan for 3 desktop machines? They're all my machines (work desktop, personal desktop, personal laptop) and amount of time I am using more than one at a time is minimal. I'm seeing a more appealing deal than putting out 80 dollars up front. The amount of software that I have paid for up front, and continued to use for longer than 2 years I can count on one hand. I wouldn't be surprised if in 2 years time I had moved to another service. Given that 62 + 20 is the break even point, that's 27 months paid, plus the 6 months up front, just shy of 3 years. Video of the animations here: https://vimeo.com/1854745 There's a set of articles/journals on the making of it, well worth reading. I was looking for an answer to something this afternoon. The question I found was closed as a duplicate. The question it was marked as was also closed as a duplicate, and the question _it_ referred to had the answer, under a long list of comments explaining why the user should do something different. Said question was also flagged as a duplicate, of the other two questions I had gone through to get there. Anything simple enough to be answered is marked Ada duplicate, and anything not duplicated doesn't get answered.. > As always with DRM, it's defective by design. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Defective_by_Design It depends on what the desired outcome of the DRM is. A prime example of effective DRM is Denuvo [0]. Loosely speaking, there are two main groups of people who pirate games - those who would buy it otherwise, and those who wouldn't. There's not much you can do about the latter group, so they're not really worth considering. The former group however are the potential lost sales. The sales for a AAA video game usually peak on release or very shortly after, and fall off a cliff very quickly., If your DRM system manages to keep a crack for your game from being leaked for the first few weeks of its life, you will capture many of the people who fall into the "might buy your game" category. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Denuvo Worth noting that $40k is greater than the median income in the UK, so this would be enough for an awful lot of people. > At my company devops is primary on-call, with a developer(s) as backup Sort of defeats the purpose of Dev ops, if you have a Dev ops team and a Dev team, doesn't it? As someone who works with someone who does this; please be aware that there are other people depending on you to do what you've said you're going to do. You not doing it just means I end up having to do it on top of my own work. > Developers always benefit when marketplaces are open and initial cost of access is low - in money, if not necessarily in time I don't agree. The open market platform for mobile devices has resulted in a race to the bottom. > But if we extend the same logic to the whole world, isn't the EU basically a racist organisation? Why should a French, German or Romanian arbitrarily have special rights to enter my country, while an Indian, Mexican or Nigerian is subjected to ever harsher visa rules? Because that right is reciprocated to British people in those countries! Well you should; it's wasteful not to. But if you find yourself regularly not eating portions you are makin for yourself, try makin smaller portions! No, but I'm saying that they wouldn't if it wasn't reciprocal. If you're regularly throwing food away you should be buying less food. Yep - Still running an Early 2011 Macbook pro just fine here - had a motherboard failure but was repaired by apple under an extended warranty for that particular issue. Other than that, no issues. Compilers are smart at some things and not so smart at others. I can beat the compiler in tight inner loops almost every time, but it will also do insanely clever things that id never think of! It's not really - it's more akin to closing someone's bank account and saying "we're closing your account for misconduct" which does happen. The cobra effect is a great example of this: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cobra_effect If you clicked the link, you'd see he charges $1/user/month for teams with > 3 people. I had to buy a CD for my parent's car for £170 to update their in car navigation. What's difficult about it? Just use chocolatey. What particular google services do you rely on that can't be replaced? I'm using fastmail for mail & calendar services, duckduckgo for search, firefox instead of chrome, sync rather than google drive. The windows 10 anniversary update was a nightmare for me, my office, and seemingly a lot of people[0]. Note that the update installed itself too, opting to alert me at 7pm one evening while my machine was running unattended that it was going to restart in 15 minutes. [0] http://www.telegraph.co.uk/technology/2016/08/25/windows-10-... Use a machine without an embedded mic (neither of my desktop machines have one) If it was a minor collision, sure. But CPP is one of the most used programming languages on the planet. I suppose you think we should create standards for C++ and call them JS or RB or py, for short? Interestingly, boarding back to front appears to be the worst way to do it - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMgarcFkXz4 > You also have to remember that little kids frequently get sick from things adults are already immune to. And they also spread things that many adults (and children) are severely impaired by. A "mild" chest infection to you or your child is a cough, to me it's a week in bed and antibiotics. Thankfully most multiplayer games are coming with quick play/quick match. I can load the game, and in 2 clicks be matched with people who are roughly the same skill level as me. It's not perfect, but it's definitely more accessible than say raiding in WoW, or spending an hour playing a ranked game of League of Legends. I write c++ and regularly run out of memory on my workstation with 32GB ram. Mind you, I'm not in the market for a laptop to do this on. If I had to compile my work projects on Mac, I'd be buying a Mac Pro. My pc at home has 8GB, I use mostly for games. It's more and more commonly not quite enough. I've not noticed Spotify to be particular bad for this, but I've noticed slack is awful for this. Do you expect this guy to organise a hackathon to solve every problem you give him? And what if that havkathon now involves the people at your company working on his problems as well as their own? If you're being sued by your employer for breaching a moonlighting agreement, you've already lost. It doesn't matter whether you win or not. After reading this thread, I'm actually going to do just that. Not that I agree with the solution but it solves my issue at least EDIT: Just tried to do so, and the spotify installer doesn't let you choose where to install. I checked with some of my colleagues in work. My machine had 220GB written in 2 days. Another colleague had 300GB. I don't understand why version control is easier using the command line? I use perforce daily, and struggle with the command line interface. The GUI gives me lots of vital information at a glance without having to query it, and for the most part can do everything I ever want to do in 2-3 clicks. Aside from large integrates, everything that the people working on my project do is drom the GUI. I don't understand why version control is easier using the command line? I use perforce daily, and struggle with the command line interface. The GUI gives me lots of vital information at a glance without having to query it, and for the most part can do everything I ever want to do in 2-3 clicks. Aside from large integrates, everything that the people working on my project do is drom the GUI. My question exactly. Will need to ensure I don't ever use OPs service And you talk about what they're doing on a public forum? I work in game development writing c++. All our workstations are 32GB ecc DDR3 ram, dual 8/10-core Xeon processors with hyperthreading (so 32/40 cores per machine) and at least GTX 970s. Would absolutely recommend a machine with this much parallelism if you're compiling c++ regularly. We all run Windows 10, with 3/4/5 instances of visual studio open at anytime. No, he's suggesting that any time he suggests that the NYT might be anything other than the gospel truth, he's attacked (like this) This is why I don't host my own email. I pay a provider that I trust to do all of this for me. Yep I put a ticket in for something simialr(grows to about 2GB every 2 days or so), and was told it's expected behaviour!! Yep. Many of the people I went to school with are now back living in the town we grew up in because there are jobs available. Given th choice most of them would stay where they are rather than move to a city. I work on a much bigger project and we use that method (unity builds) - it helps for full builds and on small projects, but it makes incremental changes very slow on bigger projects. What compilers don't support it?