There's a fallacy more.. The business never, ever, ever puts forward so simple requirements, and if they did, the only right way to respond would be to just f*ing do it. The business has a problems that's more like, "all of these CSV files clutter my desktop, I need them cleaned up". The hacker that then goes home and makes a Perl script that parses and archives all the files in a relational database need not apply, while the guy who ventures out to figure out how these files got there in the first place and how to fix the broken process should get the job. How does this "buying" concept of source control software work? > This is an interesting quote. If you replace Marx and Engels with Mohammed, Communism with Islam, and Russian with say Iranian you end up with "something you can't say". Which is again interesting, because it isn't true. You'll have to be pretty blinded not to see the main difference between Marxism and Islam - namely that the latter is a religion which can exists independently of a government, while Marxism in it's very core is a layout for a state. It doesn't make sense to live as a practising Marxist in a capitalism society, but you can very well live as a practising Muslim in a Christian or secular society. Way too many governments are using Islam to subdue their people in a totalitarian state, and they are helped by islamophobes in the west, who lend them legitimacy by claiming that it's just the way Islam is. Agreed. Indeed, most of the rewrites I've seen look like this: RewriteRule .* /index.php No, but mod_rewrite is not the only way of implementing it. In the mentioned case, index.php would implement a front-controller. mod_rewrite is black magic, and will fail without suggesting why, just throwing a 500 Internal Server Error. Debugging a front controller in PHP (or whatever) it much easier. Problem is, if the questions can be automatically generated from publicly available information (the contents of a blog), so can the answer. It will work as long as the system is not commonly available, because spammers won't care - but that's true for any new anti-spam system. Manually creating three options and selection one as the "right answer" won't work either, a spammer will just try three times, until he gets it right. I don't like the affinity test - it may work for certain types of sites, but consider the case where you criticize a company on a blog, and a rep wants to reply and participate in the discussion. If he has to do a "nontrivial amount of research" to post, he's probably not going to, which would be a shame. > It's a joke. Worse, I think it's art. I'd guess that they'd need to partition their data somehow by then, so the Europe DB is master for European users and slave for the rest, and so on. > But our monitoring servers, prior to some recent optimizations, hammered the disks as fast as they would go at over 1000 random writes per second sustained 24×7. I don't know what that monitoring thing does, but if you make it hammer your non-persistent local storage, and then sync logs to S3, you should be fine. As I understand this service, it's only for transactional stuff that absolutely need to be there after a reboot (e.g. transactional DB), if the plug is pulled accidentially. Thanks for sorting out any ideological issues anyone might have in three sentences. Or, of course, you could try to, you know, read a book about free markets, and then one on international financial regulations (I guarantee you the latter will be much longer and harder to read), and then try to put Paypal and libertarianism into the same box again. I did some consulting a few months ago. A FOAF had developed and launched a quite comprehensive online textbook, and their success was choking the the website. They don't know much programming, and had they not used a framework (and one of the slower ones at that), they wouldn't have launched. Period. I moved in, got them off shared hosting, replaced the built-in search with a Apache Solr, tuned the cache and a few other quick wins, took my money and left them my phonenumber. They live to fight another year or two, and I'll stop by and help again then. Scalability is not your problem, getting people to give a shit is. http://teddziuba.com/2008/04/im-going-to-scale-my-foot-up-y.... Frameworks helps getting people to give a shit, custom C++ extensions doesn't, so use a framework, unless Yahoo! called. > I have 20gb website backups I make every week. Well, don't use your private cable-line for that. You could push it to Amazon S3 instead? > "FDIC Fridays" or in this case "Fed Fridays" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Take_Out_The_Trash_Day It's neither. Both capitalism and communism deals specifically with the ownership of scarce goods. Software specifically isn't a scarce good. But it's free market at its best. Both process and result. Apparently, when energy becomes matter, it creates some sort of cloud of javascript context in which the variable worldHasEnded is defined. I don't think that was covered in my college physics textbook. The market forces work just fine. It's just that there isn't a free market. If every mom and pop could set up a cellular service with a reasonable investment, there'd be a bunch of community providers, and prices would go down - just as we've been seeing with internet connections. But the spectrum is intensely regulated by authorities, frequencies are not just expensive, they are usually not available at all(:1) - because the authorities want to protect the investment of the early providers. Effectively, they made a deal that created a government sponsored monopoly, which, even if you can privately buy a share in it, is the opposite of free markets. 1: This is true for most of Europe, can't say for the US. > Just wait for there to be another option. Everyone will flood to this alternative VoIP over Wimax and Wifi, with GSM as backup .. IM replacing SMS. The future is almost here, and I think a platform like Android will help it along. Have you ever made him do something in a specific way, because of "enterprise"-reasons, politics and "that's the way we do it" instead of arguments? Do you make him run windows, when he'd rather use a Mac or Linux, because he has to use Visual Studio? Did he ever suggest that you do a project in Ruby or Python, to be told that "we're a Java shop"? Do you have bureaucratic rules? Do you make him punch in and out, and log time down to the minute? Are certain websites blocked because they are not work-related? Is the working environment pleasant. Are you six developers and two PMs on cheap chairs and small tables, in a 300 sq ft office, with hard floors and no sound dampening? Is management not only a step up in salary and responsibility, but also access to unrelated perks like a better chair? But mostly, I think, it was the "talk the talk" about creative minds, and not walk a single step of the road, that made sick of that place. He's a brilliant mind, no doubt about that. But those who ventured into science, basically up until 150 years ago, were usually royalty or similar, with incomprehensible wealth, and obedient (and often violently oppressed) subjects. If you never, in your entire life, have to worry a second if you can feed yourself and your family and keep a roof over your head, you're probably slightly more keen to see what a life of sitting down and wondering might lead to. > (not sure how this works when a bubble bursts, haven’t been around long enough). Well, after the last .com bubble burst, there was a lot less ping-pong with the CEO, and a lot more "You want fries with that" going on, as I understood it. Working in investment-banking is only about the money, in much the same way that IT is only about typing. > If it were socialism, you wouldn't have poor/middle-class people dying from treatable diseases. No, since nobody would be middle-class or above, it would only be poor people dying from treatable diseases. I think it's important to clarify that there are two layers in this. Paying for health care and providing health care. IMO, there's a good case to be made for a baseline of mandatory basic healthcare (i.e. no dying in the streets, no choosing food this week over a visit to the doctor), which should be tax-funded for families below a certain income threshold. The other end of the stick is the hospitals and doctors themselves, and there is absolutely nothing that suggests that they become more efficient or cheaper, if they are made public employees. Quite the contrary, I'd argue. In TFA, there is much focus on the quality of Steam as a content distribution platform, and it's relevancy to Googles own efforts in that venue. It sounds more like Google want to use Steam technology in other products, and don't have any particular interest in Valves current business. Maybe they'll even opensource CS, since cash flow from that is probably pretty insignificant by now, and there's a lot of good-will to obtain. On a single-user machine, screwing up as root and screwing up in your unprivileged account is pretty much the same, since the most valuable you're going to loose isn't that 20 minute Ubuntu install, but your files. And the user you use, privileged or not, will have the power to wipe your files out. Only other benefit (apart from all those programs that will complain or actually refuse to run as root) is if you run something questionable, it won't be able to install a root-kit, open a backdoor and hide the process. > he used the system the way it was built to be used and the system did what it was supposed to do. So, if I go to the mailbox outside your home (assuming the classic unlocked US design) after the mailman leave, pick up your mail, open the envelopes and post what I find on /b/, you're just gonna shrug and blame yourself for using such a badly designed security mechanism? You know, when I open your letters, the envelope does exactly what it's supposed to do, so I'm not committing a crime, right? This, and the app-store debacle, is the kind of stuff that makes me think that Apple isn't in it for the long haul. Why doesn't MacOSX ship with native GTK? And Qt? Why hasn't OpenOffice worked seamlessly from day 1? Or at least day 5? Why don't Apple embrace the huge community that worships their products, instead of becoming the next Microsoft? What have they got to loose? If getting my favourite Linux apps to run on my MacBook had bees as easy as apt-get, heck, even as easy as under Windows, I'd still use Mac OS X.. now it's running Kubuntu, and I'm regretting not getting a ThinkPad. I'm disappointed, I REALLY wanted to like MacOSX. No. But the other threads in this discussion are about Gaim/Pidgin and Gimp. Why has it been a dead-simple 5-minute thing to install those apps on Windows for years, but still tricky on MacOSX? Why did it take, what 7 years, from the launch and immediate celebration of OSX, to get native GTK? So, without knowing the answer to the above, I guess you could say I'd like it to be more like Windows (ducks). Cappucino is a web-framework. According to wikiquote, this quote is unsourced, attributed to Edsger Dijkstra: Computer Science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes. http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Dijkstra That's because it applied to science-fields, and it applies to software engineering, which is more of a craft than a science. Agile is essentially lean production for software, and I've heard it's not so ridiculous. IANAE.. but how would nationalization be worse? Seize a bank when it's in trouble, "fix" it, and sell it in a public offering. If the income from the sale nets more than the government spend to fix it, that profit is distributed to the original shareholders. This happened i Sweden in the early 90's. Some banks were in trouble, and the government said that they'd help them, but by nationalization. One of the major banks were then suddently conveniently able to get some capital, and survived on it's own. A mortgage is essentially (depending on the rate of amortisation) renting your home form the bank. The free market is modelled around the fact that we are greedy. Communism assumes that we are (or can be made) purely altruistic ("From each according to his ability, to each according to his need" collapses if there is just a single selfish, greedy actor present). That's why free markets work remarkably better than communism. > It's entirely normal that you sign over ownership of the code to the company in exchange for your equity. That's in every form stock agreement. Yeah, but he's being asked to sign over ownership, in order to begin the process of receiving equity. If he signs that, they have every opportunity to screw him, which they do not have now. There is a considerable span between free markets and laissez-faire capitalism. Most modern "left" political movements accept free markets as a good thing, and mainly differ with the right on the level of regulation. I mainly read Ayn Rand as a criticism of the "truths" of the left wing, not as a very useful proponent of a laissez-faire society. Anyway, free markets "punish" greed, by forcing those who want material wealth to work for it, instead of leeching of others. The reason taxation and politicians is a problem in free markets is exactly greed: anybody on the receiving end of public funds have little rational motive to seek to end that stream. Broken thread, see http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=324853 Light and with a DVI port. Why do most laptops (Apple is the only brand with DVI without a docking station, I think) only have VGA ports? DVI->VGA is trivial through a simple adaptor, if the graphics adaptor supports it (and it does), but the other way around is impossible. How about asking here if anyone is a Drupal/apache shark and is willing to help you tune your site and migrate to Slicehost? You could maybe offer to pay for (some of) the help with a sponsored link on your site. That could be reasonably attractive to a Chicago-based contractor with a low pipeline. FastCGI and mod_xcache? Made all the difference on a couple of TYPO3 (PHP CMS) site I've run. Hmm, I see a bit of a chicken-and-egg issue.. How do you configure the IP address if there's no monitor or input devices? Most colocated sites I've worked with requires static IPs. Perhaps it could be burned on the CD - add a tool that takes that info, and makes a ISO specific for that server. CD-Rs are expendible anyway these days. I could have used that last week. I had to drive serveral hours to go onsite to install a Debian server. If I could have mailed a CD-R to the guys, and done the install remotely, I could have saved a bunch of hours. I bike most places. There's good access and good parking at my university, so on bad weather days, or when I'm late, I take the car. My problem is sweat, as much as rain. After biking for 25 minutes I absolutely need to change my shirt. This is fine for everyday use, since a sweater or polo fold nicely in a backpack, but for business meetings (I'm halftime student, halftime PM), I need a suit-coat and a shirt, and they'll wrinkle way too much in a backpack. Suggestions? That's not a defence of piracy, it's a very reasonable argument that a subset of what we today call pirates, aren't. Obsoletion doesn't come from nowhere. What's the problem with current LAN-cabling that warrants the coming of a new network technology? Yeah, wireless, but it's still nice to have some places to easily plug in the access points. Pairs of copper wire is, if anything, a proven technology. And it's not like we're anywhere near pushing the limit of Ethernet technology for domestic purposes. Even if a new technology will come along, the fact that entire cites are wired from top to bottom with cat-5, you're guaranteed that any new technology wil be heavily biased towards backwards compability on the physical layer. Because Java is an incredibly powerful tool that works across a large selection of platforms with minimal effort. And, Hadoop is only the infrastructure, they have APIs for C, C++ and shell for the applications. http://wiki.apache.org/hadoop/FAQ I used the tool to make the name markovable, got the domain and made this: http://www.markovable.net OK, that felt like 1998. I had expected that a full-blown Postfix+Dovecot with IMAP, POP3, with and without SSL and TLS, on Maildirs with virtual users and DSPAM configured would be a single apt-get install. Anyway, what's a guide doing asking users to choose between four flavors of protocols? Just enable them all. Maildirs/mbox? Mbox is ancient, no possible reason to setup new accounts using that. And the biggest WTF has got to be the actual users created. Who wants to run a mailserver without virtual users and virtual domains in 2008 anyway? Why not client certificates? I'm pretty sure that's what my bank uses, they've got a java-applet that talks to a small binary file in my homedrive. The technology is simple (to implement) and well proven, guarantees security end-to-end. What is BoA trying to accomplish? Easierness? +1 for Hetzner. Even though the website is in German, I've always been able to get qualified help in English. I don't know how they'll feel about C&D's, though. I've never been in trouble with my servers. I think the model would have to be to develop an open source kit that allows standardized pluggable distributed hosting in "a box". I wouldn't expect a significant market for simple non-dynamic hosting - the solution would have to accomodate blogs, forums and other dynamic content-apps. Any provider of such hosting would just be provided with a config-file, and then start to pull the content, sync the DB etc. The kit should be designed to expect nodes to drop of randomly, and be self-healing (i.e. "elect" a new master-node, or be purely peer-to-peer). Maybe the kit could be modelled on top of Google App Engine. One single-point-of-failure would be DNS though. If your domain is .com, and Verisign pulls it, you could be hosted on the moon, and still disappear. Also end of 1981. I've got a bit of an entrepreneurial spirit (haven't got anything off the ground yet, though), and I'm pretty sure that if I was five years older, I'd be a ex-Porche owner :) Fonts are embedded in most PDF files. http://pmjdebruijn.blogspot.com/2006/06/extracting-fonts-fro... I know it's not completely what you asked, but I'm with the OP - the one thing I missed the most in my one year in Windows-land last year, was the command-line shell. Everything you can do on a Linux machine, you can do in the shell Two days ago I was handed a CD with some fonts on it, and needed to get an overview of them - two lines of commands, right in the shell, took me maybe 20 minutes, to generate a HTML page with a PNG sample of each font. I'd say, it's not so much the API itself, as much is there is just ONE API - POSIX. Files, processes and signals. This it the root of a very simple design philosophy, that much *NIX software adheres to. Most thirdparty libraries provide a C-library that can be linked to an application - but it also provides a small tool that implements all functionality. Input values aren't "resources" or instances of this or that object. They are one of: Strings on the commandline, a piped stream or a file. And most often, all are possible. Output is a integer return value (typically just true or false), another stream or another file. Windows does not have that single, simple API that everything adheres to, so there's no one culture of Windows development. Many of the APIs that exist in the Windows ecosystem, e.g. WMI, that I've been using to script IIS control, is perfectly well equipped to become a "POSIX-killer" - if it would just become pervasive. WMI is next to worthless when I can use it to control IIS, but not some other feature, and I can straight away forget about talking to the Win32 API altogether from Windows Script Host, and even in C#.net it's unnecessarily difficult. Yeeess.. that one game out there that's not about killing, maiming, conquering and dismembering various adversaries, I think it might be about love. I guess the "Cash not stock" advice is more true right now, in retrospect, than in general? I mean, since stock is riskier than cash, you can demand more of it? Of course it depends what stock is on offer - but as the market looks now, and if I'm able to sit on it for five years, I'd absolutely prefer 110 value-units of GOOG over 100 value-units of cash. > Can anyone seriously argue that ingredient labels are anti-market? Well, there are two factors: 1) If the government mandates that a certain value is indicated on the label, it also vouches to a certain extent that the "better" value (lower for calories) is actually "better". So calories is OK, but it's a slope. How about an Atkins-adherence(or whatever)-index? The problem is that once such a measure is implemented, it is exceedingly difficult to get rid of it, even if it turns out to be bogus or even misleading, because the politician supporting it will be accused of being anti-consumer (why would s/he be against more information?), or just in the pocket of Big Food. 2: It may not be very cost effective to calculate the appropriate value. Consider a restaurant, where the chef that goes to the farmers market every day and gets whats really fresh and in season. The chef now has to commit time, everyday, calculating the calorie-count for each dish. More bookkeeping, less cooking. It may be easy to do for calories (I'm not sure, I'm neither a chef nor a dietist), but what if it requires samples to be sent to a lab somewhere? I read somewhere that a reasonable measure it to consider the invenstment. If you were to buy your share, you'd have to put $X down to get a return of 45%*profit(not salaries)/year. Calculate backwards to get the interest rate on various down payments, and see what makes sense. Considering that the 100k is profit and not your salaries, the share's profit is $45.000: $100.000 = 45% interest rate .. a little too nice! $1.000.000 = 4.5% interest, keep your money in the bank $300.000 = 15% interest - pretty sweet spot. Back-of-the-envelope, I'm niether an accountant or an auditor. He'd still have to be active on the board, and make sure his partner doesn't run the business into the ground.. e.g. by hiring someone to do his job, and go live of his passive income stream :) It's 6.25%, actually. http://www.danskebank.dk/Dansketoprente I've been modded a bit around on this, does anyone care to elaborate on whether this is a sensible method? I, for one, demand that Conservative America keeps using Emacs! I though of this one: http://www.despair.com/incompetence.html 58667 digg-orig.html 14585 digg-orig.html.gz 58560 digg-noegg.html 14524 digg-noegg.html.gz 61 bytes. To paraphrase Dijkstra: Democracy is a much about voting as astronomy is about telescopes. And the next sentence: "In this country you work harder to achieve your dreams and goals." 1: The higher the tax, the harder you have to work to achieve your dreams and goals => the decision to leave certainty for a venture is harder => less people will do it. 2: A tax increase counts twice when you're hiring e.g. cleaning help for your home, since both you and the cleaner is paying the higher tax. Thus, it get harder to pay for cleaning (gardening, construction, mechanics etc), and you're more likely to do it yourself, devoting less time to your family, start-up or work. 3: Finally, higher taxes will make it harder to promote/be promoted. In a promotion, you get more money and more responsibilities. The higher the tax, the less money will be in your pocket after the promotion, and the incentive to accept is lower. Coupled with no. 2, if you're busy building a new bathroom and a garage at home, you don't have the time to accept more responsibilities at work. By the way - watch out for "95% won't be affected" rhetoric. A functioning democracy can't just be 95% fleecing the 5% - or the 55% fleecing the 45%. As it is, I can only conclude that you are really bad at reading, since my post contains general observations about taxation, and only a brief remark about Obama. In the interest of making everyone smarter, rather than throwing mud, might you care to share where my math is wrong? A lot of this points out why I don't understand "left-leaning" folk. When the minimum is forced up, being better than the minimum gets harder. If you make it harder to fire people, hiring becomes more risky and especially smaller firms will think twice. If you force employers to pay for employees sickdays, and make it illegal for the employer to even ask you what's wrong, mr. nice guy, who'd never ask anyway, is cornered by mr. bad boss, who's just looking out for the law. If you force the minimum wage up, all those jobs worth less than the minimum wage will not be done. Not a problem for high-tech startups, but if you're the guy washing staircases at night, and your price goes up, you'll be the first to go when things are rough. Low salary employees are seldom unexpendable. If you think you're being unfairly treated at work, protest. If that doesn't work, quit. If you need to keep your job because you have credit card debt and the installments on your new home entertainment center and custom build kitchen and the mortgage and ... well, you got yourself into the mess, do you really think it's fair to get the government to bully evil mr. $250.000 into bailing you out, and imply that he's somehow not deserving of his salary? No. The only thing added is a highly speculative and suggestive quote ( Of course, factoring in enough cronyism, corruption and official ignorance and boosterism, it’s possible the principals could make some money during the initial stages, before the crows come home to roost ) from the "Los Alamos Study Group". Also, the article ends in the words, "Or maybe not". That fully sums up the criticism of the device. I think the guy simplifies the whole thing just a little beyond what's fair. Technocratic incompetence at least doesn't describe the guys with (R)'s next to their names in this video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_MGT_cSi7Rs I don't find it intuitive at all. And the 24-hour-mode almost scares me; how can someone doing innovative work on time fail to grasp 24-hour time so thoroughly? To put some perspective on the notion that US evil >> JP evil for using the nuclear bomb. In school (in Europe) I remember being taught how horrible the two bombs were and that it was somewhat good that the war was put to en end, but with much more stress on the former. I was never taught about the atrocities committed by the Japanese. It's a good rule of thumb. If I'm going to work for less what I'm getting now, there should be a well articulated reason for it. Now, that might be that I'm currently overpaid, but still looking to leave my job, or that the job is very very cool, or that I'm getting stock options that I'm really confident in - and of course, if I'm relocating to an area with a significantly different cost of living. When I saw this, I was inspired to make a proof-of-concept for an alternative, and IMHO more intuitive, GUI-metaphor. Watch-style time selector: http://holding.biplane.dk/watch/ I have a similar story, but with a different outcome.. My mother was running windows 95 on a old PC, and she had some trouble. I looked at it, decided I needed to re-install, and told her that I wanted to put Ubuntu on it. There was a bit of worry if she'd be able to figure it out, and I told her yes, and also strongly suggested that when she asks for my help, she should be willing to accept my recommendations. Voila, Ubuntu installed and a brief, "wow, I'm actually running linux now?", and she was happy. Firefox, Thunderbird and OpenOffice FTW. Corporations with archaic IT operations procedures will be difficult, but the Windows 98-neighbours and mothers of the world need to start using Ubuntu. Well, if there is a demand for a "clever" get-a-freelancer site, where focus is on qualifications and portfolio, and not down-bidding, the market should be providing one. Capitalism isn't just about down bidding :) I'm probably going to need a remote, freelance Django dev or two soon, but I'm not too sure how to go about it. The biggest issue, from what I can read, will be how well the data is partitioned. If every single write will affect every single subsequent read in a non-trivial manner, it's a really hard problem, and you're looking at really expensive hardware. If you're able to partition the data, it's "just" a question of throwing enough servers at the problem. Yeah, that's my best bet so far. What exactly is the output? Really? Why? What makes driving a stranger around in your car so much more dangerous than driving your wife and kids around? It's absolutely crazy. The bus company asking the government to protect it from delivering the service that their customers want and need. > * Taxi drivers tend to be unsafe drivers > * Taxi drivers tend to drive unsafe vehicles That's for the insurance companies to settle. It's easy to imagine that "regular" liability insurance policies will prohibit commercial transportation of humans in the vehicle. > * Taxi drivers tend to rip off their customers Your "P2P Car Service" rating will plummet if you rip off your customers. By the same measure, eBay and Craigslist should be blatant failures. But these are all issues that a well-established P2P Car Service could handle. Require drivers to submit a current copy of their license, insurance claim history and registration for the car in question every 3-6 months. Make this information available on the website (except driver's lastname and address or whatever for privacy). Put a GPS logger in each car (if it's not on, you don't get paid). Charge exclusively on a point-to-point basis (e.g. let the driver carry the risk of going in circles). Yes, I wanted to ask you what the output was, because, as others have pointed out, that's probably the determining factor in how you should structure the data. If I understand correctly, when I post "A" and a short while later, I post "B", and in the meantime everyone else posts X posts, then at the time of posting B, I want to get a return of exactly X? If that's the case, you should just keep a central counter, which is your critical region. Updating that 16.000 times a second in a blocking way should be possible. Sounds like something Erlang guys do to show off. The rest of the app can be completely de-coupled. Once you've increased the counter, you save userid, timestamp and counter, and fetch the former post, and return the diff of the counter-values. The only thing in this setup that's hard is the counter. one other thing I noticed.. you're very enthusiastic about that everything should happen in exactly the correct order, and not even +/- .2 seconds deviation is in order. We're looking at around 16.000 transactions a second - that's 0.0625 ms pr transaction, or about 1/1000 of a regular internet roundtrip (50 ms is very common for DSL and Cable connections), so the of incoming requests will arrive in quite random order, within about 1000 requests .. make sure that doesn't break your business-model. So you problem is not processing 1.000.000 requests pr. minutes, but rather how to sort up to 60.000.000 items 1.000.000 times pr. minute? Now that could prove to be quite problematic. If your sorting algorithm only requires one processing instruction pr. stored item, and is perfectly parallelizable, and there's zero overhead in the map-reduce, you'll need 300 3 ghz cores to do it. Well yeah. That would be cool. Anyway, in a point that relates to the OP, it would be that I hope lawmakers will see this as a cue to reform and privatise taxi-regulation. What? There was a thriving free market and suddenly the public taxi-regulation-and-rationing scheme out-competed everyone else? I'll more-or-less repeat my advice from the other thread.. Keep the current highest bid as well as timestamp and owner of the bid in a very simple data structure in RAM. In another section of RAM, keep a datastructure for each user, keeping track of bids, and the current number of bids for the auction and the current bid. When a new bid comes in, first lookup the user's record, and check if the bid is legal, and then pass it on to compare with the current highest bid. This is your critical section. if the bid is higher than the current, update, otherwise reject. The exercise is to make your critical region (ie. the section of code that only ONE client can be executing at the same time) as small as possible, since it will be the limiting factor. If you don't think my solution will work, please explain, in terms of business requirements, why it won't - because I can't see what your alternative solution achieves, except being orders of magnitude slower then mine. For an example, you want to search for the current highest bidder. Why not always keep the current highest bidder in the same place? Looking in one place costs 1 cycle, looking in thousands of places (searching) costs thousands of cycles. Write me an email (see my profile) if you want to continue the discussion. You can NDA me if you want to. > Startup idea wouldn't really work, it costs way too much money to bring a car to market, and there aren't that many startups in the automotive space, Tesla is pretty much it. I think that I you set up a incubator with $200mln for pre-seed VC, with a priority for potentially labor-intensive and/or automotive businesses, you'd see some significant job creation. Not enough to offset GM layoff overnight, but at least the solutions provided will be sustainable. I'm not saying they would be mass-producing cars. I'm saying, creative innovative people will think of something nice to do with 200 mln and 200.000 good pairs of hands. Successful niche forums/boards have a social contract that the participants enforce on each other. The fact that you on HN need x1 points to vote comments down, and x2>>x1 points to kill stories (and on Slashdot, the karma-system), ensures that new members are accepted into the contract by peers based on contribution. In older times, boards had moderators, and admins picked out active members as mods based on their performance. But this model is susceptible to group-think, especially when a topic falls outside the contract. It just happened here during the presidential election that apparently the body of users are sufficiently politically diverse, that intelligent, respectful debate prevailed over mindless up-voting of anything adhering to one specific mindset. It could very well have went in the other direction. It's absolutely no guarantee that you because someone make insightful tech/startup comments, that he also is going to vote down a stupid comment, even if it's in favor of his political POV. Solving this problem; making sure that a community like HN can stay intelligent, and not be diluted as it gains popularity, I think, is a very big opportunity. So did you want to e-mail me? I haven't received anything. Lack of action doesn't imply inability. That's what's different. A parked car is not a car that's not able to drive. It's a car that's not driving. As bigbang said, the third world. But more importantly, it allows people, also in the western world, to convert free time into some money. You might have a unchallenging 9-5 job, and easily have 5-6 hours to pass in the evenings. If you turk rather than watch bad TV and get a few extra dollars an hour, over a week, it's maybe $100/week extra to put away for something nice. Also, you can cancel the big cable package if you stop watching TV. Getting a night shift somewhere would probably pay more, but include bosses, annoying co-workers/customers, standing up, sweating, smelling like french fries etc. rather sitting in a nice chair, working at your own pace, with the TV on in the background, and being able to go call on your kids if you need to. In fact, min. wage minus sitter might be less than what you can get from turking. It could be made clearer that it won't work outside US/Canada. It would seem that the Slashdot system of capping karma at "Excellent" is s means to this end, but Slashdot isn't a better place for it. I'd say, that if anything, down-voting should count proportionally to your karma. If you've got 5k karma, you could go on a flaming-spree for days, and still have more karma than the best newcomers. That said, I don't think it's that big of a problem. When I (and it's seldom) look at a users karma, I always look at it in relation to created-days-ago. Karma 100, created one month ago > karma 200 created a year ago. I think the divide isn't really between "believing" in global warming or not - but between blaming "western" progress, industrialism, consumerism, globalism and capitalism, and placing as a premise for a solution that we can't allow our progress to slow down to fix this, and we CERTAINLY can't ask China and India to slow down theirs. The former is (roughly) the Kyoto/Copenhagen bunch, the latter is the "spend A LOT - NOW on nuclear energy (we need a lot of energy, and it will keep growing) and research in energy storage (fuel cells etc.) and biotech (get rid of the C02 we already have)". I think that pretty much holds true for any forum with activist admins. Problem is, it's not scalable, it's not even sustainable. It's a lot of hard work, it's hard to pass on "in the same spirit", and the larger the admin group, the more unreceptive to change it is. Also, on HN there's a distinct "we" feeling - my (limited) experience is that admin-dominated forums are more focused on class (ie. looking up, even sucking up, to mods). Would it perhaps be practical to pull the binary files out of SCM and build a small tool that figures out denpendencies and downloads the relevant files from the build server? It sounds like that might ease your constraints. It's often said that developers need to understand the business, and bring forward a business-case, not a technical case. So: how much money will lose by choosing the wrong SCM today because you're unwilling to change a process you even agree is sub-optimal? Try to count the number of check-ins, branching, merging etc. the entire team does in a year, multiply by five, and then multiply by even a few seconds of lost time, annoyment and agony pr. event. I would guess that in that perspective you can afford spending a few days seeing if you can change the build-artifact process to allow you a wider selection of SCMs. That's his point - it IS your show, if you make it your show. If you don't make it your show, don't complain when you end up as just another cog in the machine. Title is quite misleading. I'd expected a (hyperbole) story about how tel-com SMS revenue in Canada is down because people use Twitter over data instead. Blogspam, actual site is here: http://www.serie3.info/s3slider/ with demo here: http://www.serie3.info/s3slider/demonstration.html Pretty neat, though. > ...but since we don't understand the climate very well But, wait. Apparently we DO understand the climate well enough to know that global warming is happening because of the small percentage of CO2 emissions caused by humans, and that by cutting our emissions, we can stop the warming. Based on that, we must have an extremely thorough understanding of our climate, and it should be trivial to simulate a vulcano going off and see if it cools the climate. Good luck finding few enough sides. There are easily about eight sides in the global warming argument. Is global warming even happening? Is man-made CO2 causing it? Will reducing man-made CO2 help? Is the best way to mitigate this to stop emitting CO2, to research green tech, nuclear or to look into measures allowing us to live in a hotter world? And why? How is "best" defined? Then you'll need impartical referees. When side D claims that no recent study shows that X is true, and side G says there is, who's right? What exhibits are allowed, and how? But never the less, this form of debate exists and thrives, it's called peer-reviewed journals. Too bad that the climate debate is too much in a hurry to use them. In “Peer Review? What Peer Review?” McLean writes, “The IPCC would have us believe that its reports are diligently reviewed by many hundreds of scientists and that these reviewers endorse the contents of the report. Analyses of reviewer comments show a very different and disturbing story.” http://scienceandpublicpolicy.org/press/ipccprocessillusion.... Also, the 20-page "executive summary" is voted on, line by line, by politicians, who (as politicians do) have every other motive than actually objectively figuring out the truth. We have politicians deciding which science is right. If that's not BS, I don't know what is. As lutorm said.. also, if this is condensed into a 45-minute townhall format, you get "My friend Joe the Eskimo thinks icebears are cute" and while it's great TV, no-one is more clever for it. In an ideal world, yes. But we've just seen a couple of guys debate the next four year of one country in a very public way. It took them a year, not to reach any kind of common ground, much less agreement, but to get to the point where a few pct.pts. likes one guy better than the other. This was even made easy by pre-defining that there will only be two sides to the debate. The climate debate discusses the future, not of one country, but of the entire earth, and if we end up on the side of the "alarmists", we're not trying again in 4 years - this is a 20-50 year plan. So, yes, I agree with you, but my pragmatic practical side (the one that will not be allowed in a brainstorm session) argues that it's just not practical. Lesson 0: Don't do premature optimization. Isn't most businesses started with a small group of people wanting to go into business together? They may have a slightly more articulated idea of what to do, but still nowhere near an elevator pitch. The HP founders just took the "hey, we should do something together" conversation over lunch and formalized it. Once they struck sales with their model 200 audio oscillator, they became as focused as any successful company. I'd define a year of cash in the bank as the ability to keep living, even if your inbound cash flow dries up. Obviously you can adjust the required amount by how certain the income is. Income from a non-terminateable contract with a solid business is "better" than 10.000 private users paying $5 by credit card every month. A private person who spend his entire salary every month (but no more) is cash flow positive, but only if he keeps his job. - sniff sniff Is that Elizabeth Dior No. 5 on your shirt? - Yes, I love it when you wear that perfume I gave you. - I know. So I ran out of it a month ago. - Uhhh, I havn't had time to do my laundry lately. No? If global warming is happening for whatever non-man-made-CO2 reason, spending ridiculous amounts of money cutting carbon won't help us. Since that's the preferred public policy option these days, it's pretty relevant arguing over the cause. Except, when you get credit cards, you get screwed. When you don't get insurance, everyone else is screwed. That's why credit cards are a classical case for information, not regulation. It's a sad sad slope that regulation is incresingly used to protect people from themselves, rather than each other. 1: Outsource Django/RoR work 2: The 48-minute work week 3: Profit! The worst thing about PHP is how easy it is to leave SQL and HTML all over your code. Install Doctrine (ORM) and Smarty (Templating engine) or friends and use it religiously. If you do, you can use PHP for what it's best at: Cranking out business logic at high speed. http://www.doctrine-project.org/ http://www.smarty.net/ As opposed to any other speechwriter? Lean is more of a operations philosophy than process control. There are elements that are perfectly applicable to software: Kaizen: Floor-employees are encouraged, expected and empowered to make a Kaizen event when they observe that something can be done better. Andon: Production-line employees are empowered to stop the line if they observe a quality problem. A central pillar of lean is always to look at what you do, and figure our how to do it better, and to trace problems to the source and fix them there. It's easier to do in mass manufacturing, in no small part due to the fact that it's much easier to measure quality along a supply chain, than in anything custom built, including software. It's basically about realizing that it's the people who do the actual work who are able to tell where, when and why your quality isn't good. At least every week there's a story on the daily WTF about a manager who "knows better" and overrules a developer with bad consequences. Interesting account. But is this what passes for a miraculous escape these days? My point exactly - sorry to sound so callous. Would you mind sharing some examples? What promising start-ups have been killed or absorbed in an unfair manner, that used to be, or should obviously be, illegal? The article supplies pre- and post-SOX IPO counts, and while that doesn't prove anything in itself, they do smell like fish. Then you should know that there is a pretty good negative correlation between the availability of internet (and thus, fast, anonymous porn) and rape. > Yahoo/Microsoft I'm not sure I agree with you, but anyway, that deal fell through because of regulation. But observing that one aspect of regulation works, is hardly an argument that deregulation is bad. > "cost of going public" Other comments in this thread ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=406433 ) suggests that going public means slightly more than digitizing documents. No SAAS, no IM, no iTunes, more lawyers, more accountants. But, arguing "regulation is not hurting that much" is hardly an argument that deregulation is hurting more. > Laptops seem to be Windows' week point with regards to drivers I disagree. I had the exact same experience with a 2002 IBM ThinkStation. Intel Chipset - as standard as anything comes. Ubuntu worked out of the box, Windows had nothing. It booted in 640x480 (IIRC, maybe it was 800x600) for crying out loud. Huh? Your math is off by a few orders of magniture. 100x10mg = 1g, so 1 kg should be 1000x$215.17 = $215,170.00, for an ingredient cost of 1000x$.71 = $710. Also, I can buy 100 x 10mg Clarityn for $65, but I won't, because I can get 100 x 10mg Mildin (exact same active ingredient) for $35. Edit: Oops, forgot to add a point. Your point holds true, your calculations are just for 100 kg instead. Thing is, medicine isn't invented, manufactured sold or bought in a free market. Another difference between Clarityn and coke is that there is a very elaborate framework in place to make sure your pills are good - if your dealer dilutes your coke with flour or ratpoison, you're screwed and nobody cares. If there was no demand/requirement for that protection, I'm sure we could get our pills for around $1. OAL is obviously a module name, though I can't figure out what it is. "Io Ctl" seems to be something with "IO control", although I can't figure out what IO has to do with it. The rest reads "HAL (hardware abstraction layer) initialize RTC (real-time clock)".. and that's what it does. This is from five minutes looking at the source. Very little college embedded programming. What more do you want? YouTube transmits the absolute minimum amount of data required to display a video at your client. The guy and his Microsoft friends can intercept the data all they want, but unless they are lowering the quality of the video, no win. There are some examples where this will work - long websites with lots of content, pictures and ads - e.g. news organisations etc. The Opera browser on my cellphone runs sites through an image compressor, so I only get a colored rectangle at first, then a very low quality version once I scroll to it, and finally, I can activate a function to get the full pic. It's basically the same thing happening. Another thing, especially older Wordpress blogs don't rescale images server-side, they do it in the IMG tag - that hurts on slow connections. Unfortunately, fixing Wordpress is already happening. I've been playing with a business idea for a while, that I think would be appropriate for a situation like this: For ease, I'll call my product, "the processor" and my client "the seller". I define a microformat on top of HTML that defines a product. Name, price, maybe options/attributes, very simple. This can be added to a blog-post, myspace-page, anyone on the web with minimum HTML access. Place a link to my service on that page that says "put in basket". The processor examines the referrer, creates a session with a cookie, adds the product, and returns the visitor. On the seller-page, there's a bit of javascript that pulls the basket from the processor and displays it, along with "show basket" and "checkout" links. Checkout runs on the processor, on an unbranded page, maybe even with some "magic" pulling the layout of the seller-page, and integrates the sellers Paypal or Google Checkout or whatever payment service. Business model is to charge some fee or percentage on all orders above a certain threshold. Does it make sense? Could it work? Does it already exist? It's nice concept, because it's immune to the problem of whatever it's called that dating sites have, where they need many profiles to be popular, and to get profiles they need to be popular. A service like this has zero-to-little barrier to entry, it only takes a few minutes to tag who you would want to hook up with, and once you do, it can sit there for months without requiring any maintenance. Once it starts working, word will get around, and I believe the word viral is more than appropriate here. Google Android is about to kick the iPhone's ass. If Apple don't integrate vertically, they're going to be just a computer manufacturer - a really good one, but just that. They've had a taste of the vertical with iTunes music and app Stores and both have seriously limited business models. As the music industry opens up, any media player can integrate a music store, and in the long term, the market isn't going to accept a monopolistic distribution channel of software. Absolutely, there are a few ?'s in business model before the profit. But basically to compete with a Google+hardware business, there's only Yahoo+hardware, and if that hardware is Apple, it looks really attractive. Yeah, network effect. I seem to recall having heard a more specific term for social networks, but that doesn't matter now. I maintain that the concept is, if not immune, then more resistant to it - I'm not going to a dating site, because the people I want to hook up with aren't there (at least I don't know them to be). They are, however, on Facebook. Of course, and that's where I think you have a point - it's not immune to competition. But once the first of these services get a few breakthroughs, the viral effect is going to be pretty hefty, I think. I don't own an iPhone, and I don't own an Android phone. Android kicking the iPhones ass was a hyperbole, but I do believe that the business model of the Android is better in the long term. In a few years there are, with a little luck, 10-15 different Android models, and just a few variations on the iPhone. Variation, options and non-vendor-lockin are good selling points. > AFAIK there are no hard Android sales figures yet. No, and that wasn't my point, although I did hide that pretty well. See my answer to pxlpshr. > Meanwhile, if the "monopolistic distribution channel" of iPhone software ever becomes a serious handicap to Apple's sales, Apple will just end it, overnight. Yeah, and if they do, they're out of the vertically integrated business, and back at "just" being a very good hardware company. That's not necessarily a bad place to be, but I'm arguing that there are indeed synergies between Apple and Yahoo in a vertical integration that can actually be a real competitor to Google. No, his argument isn't fallacious, but yours is a straw man. He is NOT saying that regulation was the problem, and he's not saying that less regulation will solve the crisis. He's saying that blaming libertarianism, free markets and "unfettered capitalism" is a fallacy - simply because the financial market is neither of those. > Goog has been using Juniper for a while Don't you mean JNPR? I've never understood this idea about speaking of companies in terms of their stock ticker symbol. > ASIN and ISBN You could headline the box with "URL for the product or wishlist you want to follow", and then, in a smaller and greyer font below put "(you can also just put the ISBN or ASIN in there)". > what counts as a 'right' Freedom from coercion, baby. Simple as that. For a more thorough discussion, see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Negative_and_positive_rights > However, I would rather live under a Scandinavian-like government [...] We all agree on the goals: [...] prosperity, etc. Yes, I've totally cut up your point, and I'll take this over Somalia any day. But Scandinavian government (Denmark in this case) couldn't care less about prosperity. Right out of college, you're in the top tax bracket, paying 63% on everything above $64.000 annual income (and just under 50% on everything below). Buying a car? 180% registration tax, and slap 25% sales tax on top of that. But yeah, we've got worse schools than Portugal and free mediocre healthcare, but most importantly: we have high economic equality. So no, unfortunately we don't agree on the goals. The purpose of a business plan is to show that you've given some thought to how you'll run and grow the business. Anyone who thinks that's an exercise in futility will have a hard time getting funding. If you have an idiot investor, sure they might be pissed at you because of missed quotas, but you can also use them to look at your cash flow. If miss my Q4 quota by 30%, does that cause me to go bankrupt in Q2 this year? If I've spend the time setting up a cash flow budget, I'll know ahead of time, and can plan accordingly, if not, some day you're just going to hit a wall. A business plan is basically a collection of things that are pretty smart to think about and write down. Things can change, and should change, but that is also easier with a business plan - you'll update it, and that'll give you an idea what else you need to change to accommodate the new environment. Taking things as they come may work reasonably well for a 1-2 person setup, paying the bills with on-the-side consulting, hoping to go bootstrapped some time, but once someone is ready to dump real money in your lap, I'd be very hesitant about anyone being quite so lax about the sense in putting to paper what you're going to do with that money, and how the investor can hope to get paid. The problem of property ownership is inherent in any society that (obviously) permits ownership of property. Most property in the world can be traced back to an original owner, from whom it was stolen (war, colonization and similar events). That original owner might have stolen it from someone else. But that is a completely different point, that really has nothing to do with libertarianism, or any reasonably capitalist society, where property ownership is permitted. It's my impression that a symptom of a mature capitalist society is that historical property disputes are settled in a sense that can be considered fair. That someone might not accept property rights is an interesting discussion, and it certainly rules out any form of capitalist system, but it doesn't really apply in this discussion. Nobody is born with a right TO anything, but rather a right to NOT be coerced. The consequence of this is that you have the right to do whatever you want with your property (which includes your body and anything you do with that, i.e. work), as long as you don't interfere with other peoples right to do the same - i.e. coerce them. One important distinction between libertarianism and anarcho-capitalism is how to resolve conflicts that will inevitably be over property. A-C doesn't accept any state-like structures like police and courts, but libertarianism does, and the only people that get to coerce other people physically are the police, answering to the courts. > Giving thought to what you're doing does not necessitate a business plan. No, it IS a business plan, just not written down. It's not a given that a business plan need to have 15 pages of black magic numbers pulled out of anyones ass. Absolutely, we are. But Denmark is, along with the rest of "old Europe" going to wake up pretty soon and realize that the half bln. Chinese and Indian citizens that are moving into the middle class these years, are going to send their kid to college, and the white collar jobs are going to go the same way the blue collar jobs did over the past 20 years. Without a strong focus on wealth creation, instead of the constant preaching to the mediocre and the "good enough", we're not going to have much to show once the Chinese and Indians get started. In short: Prosperity is not a goal to attain, it's a continuous effort, and we just stopped trying. > After all, when your neighbor turns out to be a child predator, are you going to say, oh well, that's ok because he's been a good church-going fella for the past 30 years? A good deed doesn't undo an evil deed, surely - but the opposite isn't true. All the bad deeds in the world doesn't make your good deeds less good. Make it reverse. Give known IP addresses a better reputation that unknown. Consider four zones: 1: the last three IP addresses the user has used; 2: any IP address the user has used more than 5 times; 3: any visit that has a valid "I've been logged in as user NN" cookie (given with expiry:never on every login); and 4: everything else. Lockouts are per zone. Chances are that your average automated attacker is always in zone 4, and that your legitimate user is always in zones 1-3, and that they'll never bother each other. You can then make a policy that's three tries and you're out for three hours, unless you verify your e-mail address. 24 tries a day should be low enough that dictionary attacks are infeasible. OK. In that case someone needs to explain to me the central points, because I do not understand them at all. a) No, law enforcement is necessary to maintain property rights, and is only applied when that right isn't respected (otherwise there is hardly rule of law) - but a society with no property rights can still have a very brutal police force. I don't see the connection here. b) If someone is free too coerce anyone he owns, and he can arbitrarily choose who he owns, then he is free to coerce everybody. It's a tautology, but not a very useful one. Are you serious? Talk about having a fun idea and then totally dropping the ball. That article is a bit on the edge, it should be said. But, by and large, his points are valid. Most importantly, most parties aren't communist, they are "social democratic", definitely very left leaning compared to anything. There is a general (far from thorough) respect for private property, something you wouldn't expect from communists. I call strawman. The government confiscates citizens money at the point of a gun, and at least some of it goes to frivolous spending, and that's nothing but waste - and that's Ayn Rands premise which you said nothing to counter. In summary: - Become better at advertising - Sell completely unrelated crap (water, gear, hardware, phone), because they've got a good brand and advertising platform - Charge users and developers, "somehow" (great advise, thank you!) - Sell their data (anonymously, though) - Advertise more (pretty contrary to the claim that they have a brilliant, under-utilized advertising platform) - Be something else (corporate intranet, dev. payment platform, eBay, Skype, Second Life (WTF?!), Online bank, cloud storage, Tor network, physical loyalty card) Basically: There is no Facebook business model, besides the one they already figured out (advertising) and can't make work, and the one about selling their data, that users had a strong antipathy of (beacon). Becoming a corporate intranet is a little viable, but it doesn't really leverage the Facebook network. A corporate intranet doesn't need the network effect that is really the cores of Facebook. They have Active Directory. > Dr Wissner-Gross's study claims that two Google searches on a desktop computer produces 14g of CO2 .. it sounds a lot like NOT performing two Google searches on a desktop computer would produce between 13-14g of CO2. I read in another article that some other study tried to factor wether or not you would need to start your computer up or not .. and how far around the world the data would have to travel. I may just be cynical, but this sounds alot like an attempt to make ordinary people feel guilty about killing the planet, just by living -- in turn to make them turn to the whole buying indulgences for your climate sins (including Googling, apparently) trend. The cost/benefit analysis for slavery changed because the coefficients for several variables on the slave-side changed away from 0. The green lobby often measures cost in "oh, we're so rich and privileged anyway and any amount of emissions that's less than before is worth it"... I.e. unrealistic coefficients. We're simply not at the point where a few grams of CO2 here and there is death or survival in 2050. In reality, society is interested in solutions with the highest reduced emissions pr. cost-unit, but the green lobby don't seem to be too interested in giving those out. Yep, they're nice. One thing though, when there's direct light, what's written on the surface casts a shadow on the painted back-side. It looks a bit odd. Also, the same effect results in a fuzzy picture when the glass board is used as a projector screen. I'd love to experiment with back-lighting the glass board. If would eliminate the shadow-problem, and look pretty neat, I think. Yeah, fun for the million or so first users, not so much for the next 2 billion. I specifically remember hating those numbers (because I always forgot mine) and being spitefully relieved to switch to MSN Messenger when that came out. Excelling in your field gets noticed. It did when I was a d*mn good dishwasher. Had I chosen to, that could easily had been my ticket into a some kind of catering career. I prioritized college, though, so now I'm just a mediocre procrastinator :) Unless you tell them that they're testing a new hockey-stick design. It's made from a nano-aluminium InnoStrength 2000 alloy, boys! If anyone asks about the odd-looking pad, tell them it's fitted with sensors. I ran into a problem at a previous job with the catch-code in the "global" try block in an ASP.Net app, itself throwing an exception. IIS just dies with a 8-digit hex code that according to MSDN means pretty much whatever ("try some or all of these 15 different possible solutions"). It took a few days working the support, and I did get on a conference call with some brilliant people, and they figured it out quickly - using a (forget its name) debugger that talks directly to the CRL (which the one in Visual Studio apparently doesn't). All this because (I think) something somewhere in that stack decided to "protect" me from the cause of the error. This is generally my problem with Microsoft. No so much the arbitrary discussion of whether or not it sucks, but the difficulty of getting under its helmet, which tends to make problems much bigger than they ought to be. And yes, I DO know it's incredibly bad design to put so much code in a global catch-block that it can fail. > There's no rules on data though so people get screwed that way. To the max. €7/MB when roaming is pretty average in western Europe. I havn't seen a pan-Europe flat-rate dataplan. That's not even the worst part, it that there's a minimum 50kb charge pr. connection. Ick. Interesting thing is, they route the data via my "home" network, instead of just dumping it on the nearest internet connection. The current reality: CEOs trying to lower market expectations, rather than meeting them, gets run-over by swift game-changing strategies. Blink while Android and iPhone gets their acts together, and you're dead. 1: Either out of sight, or not there. With a density like that, what would a sniper do? Snipers are good for covering open ground, not what probably the most densely crowded area in America. Good screening and lots and lots of manpower on the ground is the only thing that works. 2: Pictures like this. Innovation doesn't happen in a room where 5.000 mediaoutlets try to hash out the photo-policy they want for a given event. Btw. it's probably more like 50 that gets up close. AP and others do exactly what you're suggesting. First impression: Nowhere near enough swearwords :) Also, if I type "trim" and hit enter, I get imagick_trimimage. If there's an exact match, I very much probably want that. ...there is an established common boundary that both drivers and riders respect and must stay within The laser-projector is mounted on the bike, so I guess the bikelane goes whereever the bike does? This, combined with the vigilante-ness of the idea, seems to be a dangerous cocktail when bikers start acting immortal. If a desktop client is an option, so is "use [Firefox|Safari|IE7+] is access this app, or live with slightly less polished UI. kthxbye." The market is heartless, for the same reasons government isn't - the hearts of the citizens. Markets don't feel, because they need to reflect the feelings of stakeholders, politicians do feel because they are increasingly elected to impose their feelings on citizens. One thing is being angry with the whole car, another is spitting the owner of the bodyshop down on main street in the face for taking his family to Florida. > Frankly I fail to see how this matters today or what kind of app he envisions where it could matter in the future. > After all I cannot imagine a traffic pattern that would "flicker" at a second or even subsecond rate. The app he's describing in the article: testing of his product. If done on 400 machines in parallel, it would take 2 min 36 sec, or 1.040 machine minutes. But he don't want to pay for 24.000 machine minutes, so he's opting for the the closer to one hour option, saving a lot of money, but failing at his objective: make the deployment (of which testing is a sub-process) as short as possible. My thought exactly .. where did the grid go? It was all the rage a few years ago. Anyway, six minutes or not six minutes. An EC2 image, once shut down, is available to put back in production immediately, so I don't agree with Fitz' prediction that it'll take almost five years to get to 6 minutes intervals. As soon as Amazon realizes this usecase, why wouldn't they slash the billing interval? It would seem that our hours is chosen because it's easier to manage, and their initial use case was host of apps with peak periods - not one-off parallel tasks. A quick google reveals serveral Flickr for Facebooks apps.. but I think a major value-driver for photos on FB is tagging of friends, and the "see all photos of..", "see photos of NN and me" features, and I think those are difficult/impossible to tap into without using FB's own photo app (although I don't know). An idea could be to make an app that will upload deliberately crippled (low resolution, watermark), yet recognizable, pictures to FB, and a high-quality copy on Flickr, so tags work, but when you go the to picture, there's a note "I won't let FB own my stuff, see a high quality version of this pic on (Flickr-link) that I own. Posted by CoolPhotoApp.".. Don't let clients anywhere near their own domains and hosting. Before you know it, you're drenched in trouble, trying to get some hack-cheap-registrar to unlock domains or whatever, while the client is desperate because his e-mail doesn't work, or figuring out why the website broke, only to find out the boss's nephew tried to install a BT tracker on the site, and by the way, no, he doesn't have a backup, didn't you take care of that? Get a small VPS at SliceHost and host the sites yourself. Forward their e-mail to GMail accounts, or setup apps for your domain. Charge $20 a month, paid a year in advance. One billing round a year, if it takes you more than half a morning, you're doing it wrong. The only point of contact the client has is you, the only bill he gets is from you, and you're pretty soon pocketing a few $100 a month simply by not screwing up the server. No, I meant charge $20 for everything from the client, and host them all on the same slice. A 256 vps easily hosts 10s of low traffic sites. Local business usually means mostly static, and on the scale of dozens of visits a week. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1 Well, extrapolate the data, from a largely rural society where you could get through life without ever reading a single word, and today, where literacy is held in somewhat higher regard, and the effect of mandatory education on literacy rates doesn't look that profound. I'd say the basic introduction to liberal arts and natural sciences are much better arguments for mandatory education than literacy rates. As I understand it, "absolute truth" refers to when all actors in all interactions know and understand everything relevant to their interactions - and that will obtain the theoretical optimal equilibrium. Problem is, to know everything relevant, you must know everything - otherwise, how do you know that what you don't know isn't relevant? Since this is obviously not possible, you strive for the best approximation. Sovjet-style communism attempted to set up a political system to handle all this knowledge, and failed miserably. Free market capitalism, with free price formation and supply and demand seems to be an orders-of-magnitude better approximation. The promise of the cloud was a goodbye to limits. Deploy to the cloud, and you'll never run out of anything. Ever. Amazon (, promise of): We add resources faster than you can use them, kthxbye. Google apps: Hit the once-in-a-lifetime really, really big one, and we'll be serving up 503's to your customers instead of writing invoices to you. Oh, and if it's sustained we might need you to spend critical time re-deploying to a different architecture. > “That’s just not acceptable,” said Matt Cain, an analyst at Gartner, the IT consultants. “It was poor thinking-through of a code change. In a corporate environment, you can’t just tell your CEO it was bad luck.” And that's the sad part. In a corporate environment, you need to go tell your CEO that it was your subordinates fault, for being incompetent, that your $1 mio e-mail infrastructure went belly-up for a whole day, and it took three man-weeks in overtime to fix it, and that the subordinate was fired, and that you're going to spend $5k hiring a new guy, who's probably less qualified. On the other hand, to say that the corporations zero-maintenance $50/year Google accounts was down for an hour, and it was bad luck, is just plain unacceptable. That's obvious. Touch-sensitive black/whiteboard and Twiddla replay? http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=496331 > The marginal cost of printing another copy of the WSJ is low relative to the SG&A costs of running a newsroom The concept of "free" and "eyeball economy" probably came from newspapers, because that's the paperless version of the newspaper business model: Newspapers are in the business of putting ads and classifieds in front of your eyes, not delivering news to paying customers. Now, I can't find the reference, but I read recently that the subscription of a major newspaper (might have been WaPo or NYT) doesn't even cover the paper it's printed on, much less the delivery or the newsroom. I don't understand how Facebook isn't running a billion-dollar ultra-segmented advertisement business, I would think they had the user data for it. Probably a privacy issue. To cite another grossly biased and unscientific metric: last time facebook changed their design, I was flooded with invitations to join groups protesting it ("1 mio strong against", "Say no to" and so on). This time around, not one. At least my 300 friends don't care enough to invite me to join them in a protest. No. 1 thing about Django that annoys me(1) is that the Admin-interface, in all it's awesomeness isn't modular and pluggable. I want to put CRUD+filtering lists on the non-admin part of the site, and can't seems to find a non-hacky way of doing it. (1) The list thins out a lot after than. I agree with Zed that the apps-in-a-site structure is very cool. Cute. An artefact from a time when text was still written on the assumption that the primary consumption would happen through print. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=303780 Not really :) http://searchyc.com/condom At my previous work (.NET shop) the entire IT department switched to an English Windows and Visual Studio, for the simple reason that it was impossible to Google errormessages in Danish. It was a significant boost of productivity and morale. Re. Danish - at my first day at Comp Sci at Tech. U of Denmark, I had no clue what this "oversætter" (literally "translator") they were talking about was. Turned out to be term coined in the 1970's for what I knew as a compiler. Esp. among older staff there, they still use the Danish term. When Dijkstra said what he did, programmers made computers process data in an environment with a very high data/cycles ratio, and doing that efficiently has a pretty large intersection with math. Today, there are very few environments that has a higher data/cycles ratio than anyehere in the Apollo program in the '60, and most of the "hard" problems you'll run in to on a day to day basis have been commoditized - you'll be hard pressed to find a programming language where quicksort is even marginally hard to get to. Projects like My/PostgreSQL, Lucene and so on makes fulltext searches over very large corpuses of data crazy simple, even on consumer hardware. When I did a Scientific Computing project in college three years ago, we ran out of data long before our laptop fans came on. Math matters in computer science, but tooling is moving the "competent programmer"-demography farther and farther away from the "computer science"-demography. And that is a good thing, just like the separation of programmer and user which happened in the early 80's (I guess) Final thought: A former boss once told me, regarding education, that he knew plenty of very good, but no really great, programmers that didn't go to college for math and/or comp.sci. If Microsoft is serious about being nice to the internet, they need to release a plugin for IE7 and 8 that makes it act exactly like IE6 for selected sites, and "regular" IE for everything else. Enter some whitelisting of sites, to avoid using the plugin as an attack vector for bad things, and there should be a chance we could all move on. Oh, eh, no? There are a few very nice ones in there, but aren't we over the phase where OMG OMG OMG more than one monitor - and not much else, it seems - is impressive? Legalese is English (or whatever language) evolved by trial and error over several decades to be as unambiguous as possible. Thing is, contracts are for when you get in a fight, and once you're there, figuring out in a fair manner what spirit you were in when signing is an incredibly hard problem. If this is a good-faith effort, it'd make sense to make it configurable, like the HTTP proxies that ISPs were running back in the day. I'd start a bunch of buzzword-heavy .com's and cash out late 1999. Then I'd go into real estate and cash out in 2007. Then I'd retire. As committed as ever: Oracle will still run on a small selection of RHEL releases. /sarcasm A webcast of the conference call is referred to, but I can't find it on Oracles investor website. Anyone know where it is? In the conference call they talked about operating Sun at a significantly higher margin, and talked only about Java/Solaris/Sparc/Storage + Oracle synergy. The sum of references to open source was, "oh yeah, and Oracle still runs on Linux". I'm a bit of a pessimist, but I'd expect to see serious downscaling of FOSS at Sun. Exactly. I went to www.oracle.com/investor and couldn't find it. Then don't be a PHB. PHB is a stereotype and a caricature. Being a good leader is all about people skills, and what you're looking for sounds a lot like what a project manager could do. Note "could": once you step up to management, you become the chief architect of your own job. If you project PHB on it, that that's what you'll be. IANA chemist, but couldn't you solve the oxidation problems by getting rid of the oxygen? In the article, he talks of a vacuum to avoid friction. > Additionally, signal directional markings are provided for optimum signal transfer. That's my favorite feature. > I think there's a quiet majority of people out there who are perfectly happy with Windows I think there's a quiet majority out there who's never tried anything but Windows, and think of their computer as nothing more than a tool, completely oblivious to such abstractions as operating systems. The color scheme doens't exactly inspire trust in the kind of people who needs to be told this. Also, I think this explanation is better: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hacker_(computing)#Controversy_... Many companies have a big expensive oracle-dependant app running, and would rather not have to bother too much. Today they have to get machines from one vendor, OS'es from another, storage from a third, networking from (you get the picture...) - or, get it all from an expensive third party consultant. With this setup, Oracle can send a salesman with a spreadsheet to those companies and plot in how much computing power is needed and how much storage is needed, and have it spit out an integrated, supportable solution, build completely from Sun/Oracle components. When they run out of capacity, one way or the other, it's more-or-less instantly pluggable. Oracle is no longer a software application, it's an appliance. You punch a small hole in each end and blow through one. http://www.minkhollow.ca/HatchingProgram/Activities/BlowEgg.... I don't agree. I've met plenty of people, especially in tech, who won't spend time broadening their horizon. At my previous job, a couple of my colleagues attitude was, "I was hired with no experience during the .com boom, I've taught myself VB, then forced to transition to C#, and I get by fine so I don't need to know anything new." At my current job, we're doing "boring" J2EE stuff, but not a day goes by without someone in the office discovering something new and exciting, and talking about it. We've tried three times to crowbar some Scala into the project, just to see if it sticks (it didn't, unfortunately), we're all excited about Ruby and Python and we know how they stack up against Java. That's building skills before you need them. If my colleague from the former job is fired, he will need to land exactly the same position somewhere else, while we're much better aligned to switch to something else. The article it self is bland ( oh noes, consumerist capitalism and marketing is evil ), but the comments make for a very good read. Regular link = choice [1]. _blank link = no choice. For a hacker-community, it's a no-brainer. [1] (with all due respect, learn to use (and love) your middle-button). That's great. Now, for the hacker-angle on the piece: How do I use this to do something useful in way that's smarter than how I'd do it in Python or Java? And no, I don't consider an algorithm to calculate a Fibonacci sequence particularly useful. > Wasn't there a case where a tethering app was pulled out by Google from Market due to telco pressure? I own neither an iPhone or a G1, so can someone clarify this for me: On the iPhone, you can't get an app on there, except through the App store or jail-breaking? On Andriod, you can do both? So even if your app isn't in the market, you can distribute it separately, which you can't for the iPhone? These are the reasons I hear from people telling me I'm stupid to run Linux, not so much people "quitting" from Linux. The number one reasons for not using Linux on a laptop I hear are "suspend/resume doesn't work well enough" and "WTF do you mean I have to restart X to extend my desktop to an extra monitor?". The most interesting part of it, IMHO, is time, not so much the distance and probability. We are new at being an intelligent species with organised science. Other intelligent life in the universe that we might hope to interact with, aren't less developed than us, but they might easily have 50.000 years or more on us. How do we know that there aren't already "aliens" that know about us? The time aspect also suggests that we have nothing to fear from aliens. If they've survived themselves for thousands of generations from where we are today, it's impossible that they don't have a viable and sustainable way of life, that doesn't require them to go "harvest" us :) The law is government interference. > Yes it is, but where did the laws come from? From the government. What's wrong with government (including your carrots and sticks), it what's inherently wrong with democracy. There will always be benefits available to lawmakers who panders to those with money, and there will always be interest groups (religious, unions etc.) to punish those who don't pander to them. Yes, I'm a small government conservative, and I can almost infer that you're not, so let's just end the discussion here. I hate the "it's old, ergo it's bad" line of arguments. His hygiene argument, which seems to be quite secondary, is also bad. Being in the same room as someone who sneezes will also get you his germs. The solution is not to end the medieval, heathen practise of interacting with other people in real life, but to stay at home when you're sick - parallel to keeping your hands clean, doubly so if you expect to be shaking hands. There were 2300 2-minute assignments, at $0.04 each. The lawfirm is hardly at fault. What exactly will be achieved by harassing them? That depends on how you interpret and apply the feedback. Accepting feedback for your style and manner, will help you get the substance of your argument across. In most cases, the path to success contains patches of work that's hard to get really excited about. Of course, this argument is invalid if you're able to focus on the ultimate reward, rather than the task at hand, but I just find that leads to more procrastination. One personal trait I admire (and don't have) is the ability to just pull yourself together and get an unpleasant task done. This wins many friends and much social capital. He comes across as arrogant and full of himself. The redesign is nice, but not ground-breaking brilliant, and I can already hear him shrug and say, "well, that's stupid" when he's told that a certain change has to be made for a certain reason. Not so popular..? I was trying to argue the point that this isn't necessarily good PR for him. It's here, it's simple, and it works.. Usage: xm mem-set Set the current memory usage for a domain. Usage: xm vcpu-set Set the number of active VCPUs for allowed for the domain. The quick-and-dirty way is to do it like Smarty does: compile what you want to cache and write that as a .php file that includes the user-dependent data to disk. But, if I'm not mistaken, Drupal with users is slow because pretty much any function in the system is allowed to change its output depending on the logged in user, right? And that's pretty tricky to cache. You try to compete with them and see what happens... Quite the opposite, in my experience. The more really good wine I try, the less I'm able to enjoy cheap wine. These days I prefer water over cheap wine, unless I'm specifically trying to get drunk. The same with coffee... after discovering freshly ground French press, I'll drink and really enjoy two cups a day, rather than the 6-10 cups of stale filter coffee I'd drink previously. > Suggesting that this is a bad thing Oh, I didn't mean to imply that. I think it's great. > "France, Germany, Sweden, Canada, Finland, Norway, and Denmark all have more relative mobility than the US, while only the United Kingdom is shown to have less mobility" The key is the word relative. It's extraordinarily difficult to move out of the middle class, in both directions (up: tax, down: welfare). The difference between lower and upper middle class is maybe $75-125k income/yr, and completely reasonable to navigate. > http://www.macminicolo.net/ That seems like an incredibly inefficient way to use a Mac Mini. Doesn't OSX play well with virtualization? You don't invest in a car, like you invest in a business. You buy it for it's utility value, like you buy a gallon of milk. But what if investing in a business isn't a priority, but a flashy new car is? Utility value isn't a one-off constant, it depends on the user. Apparently Android 1.5 is twice as good as iPhone 2.2. Can we get him to plot in emacs and vi and be done with it? :) I'm wondering if it'd be practical to port Gecko or WebKit to Silverlight or Flex, so a site could simply launch itself in an embedded browser, transparently from inside IE? This joke is attributed to Linus Thorvals: IBM motto: "We found five vowels hiding in a corner, and we used them _all_ for the 'eieio' instruction so that we wouldn't have to use them anywhere else" Unsourced history of eieio and sex: http://www.mail-archive.com/linux-fbdev@vuser.vu.union.edu/m... How do you propose that would work? The problem is that scripts detect Opera as version 1, not 10, and then failing - "if digit 1 of version In a way this solution is compatibility mode. "Broken" detection scripts see version nine (which is good enough), scripts that know about Opera 10 sees version 10. > taxes are part of the social contract The word "contract" conveys an idea of some sort of fixed agreement, that can be recinded if one party doesn't fulfull it's obligations. Problem is, you're pretty much obligated to enter into the contract in order to get education and work, and if you don't fullfill your part, the government recinds it by putting you in jail. The other way around? What are even the governments obligations? If you're not satified with the police not doing enough to fight crime in your neighborhood, or fighting the "wrong" (in your opinion) kinds of crime? Not happy with wars, schools or bailouts? You get to move. That's pretty much it. Yeah, you also get to participate in the democratic process, but that's not the kind of influence you normally connect with contracts. Yeah, absolutely. I'm looking to leave Denmark, not because I'm wealthy (I'm not), but because I'm sick and tired of politicians telling me I'm hysterically greedy because I think 50% tax is a bit steep on a perfectly average income (even quite low considering my age and education). It's just the characterization of the deal as a contract I'm opposing. Any civil contract just vaguely like the citizen/government "contract" would result in criminal investigation pretty much anywhere in the world. That's not a challenge. A challenge can be easily tested. But bing failed, anyway. I searched for chinese restaurants in my local language, and Google gave me a page full of relevant links, Bing gave me a mixed bag of, a few relevant but mostly irrelevant. This, obviously, is because Google correctly identifed my locale, while Bing took fact that I want my browser in english for proof that I only eat out in London. I've been running 3.5b4 for a while. I've seen the future, and it looks a lot like the current version of the web, just a bit faster. The easiest way to handle this when you don't have any investments, no professional liability or other complications, is simply that you set each your own individual sole proprietorship. Your friend, as he handles the administration, bills the client, and you bill him. Your agreement should likely be that you get paid when he does. This way, if things turns sour, you only stand to lose what your friend owe you - there's no legal entity that you share and might need legal help to dissolve. If you don't trust your friend to make such a setup (even if this particular setup isn't the right one), you shouldn't go into business with him. Regarding the rate, don't undersell yourself. There's an expectation as to what a professional developer costs (probably way closer to £70/hr than £25/hr), and if you don't meet that expectation (in either direction) you'll experience some friction. You can give a one-off discount, e.g. as a voucher handed out as marketing. Underbidding is for punks with ASP.net for dummies and "Hello world" under their belt, bidding at the actual price is what professionals do. State your rate at what you think you're worth, and be prepared to give a discount if you feel it's the right thing to do. That way the client also feels like he got something. If you need lawyers at this state, you're doing it wrong (specifically starting up with the wrong person) I suppose that when you set up the agreement with the client, you agree a roadmap with certain milestones for the various stages of the project. These are both yours and your partners deadlines. There IS no guarantee. Simple as that. Your guarantee is that you (and him - this also goes for the client) get paid often enough, that if its turns sour for whatever reason, and you can't get the money, you can walk away. This is also a good motivation to follow an agile methodology, where you deliver value early and often. > Joel talks about this on the Stackoverflow podcast when they discuss using a lawyer to review the FogCreek office rental agreement. This is not a rental contract, that the ability of 100 (?) employees to their job rests on. If Joel gets to the Fog Creek office one morning and finds the locks changed, he looses thousands of dollars a day - and not just his own money, that's money that he already owes in wages and so on. Absolutely, get a lawyer. These two guys are doing some contracting on the side. There are no investments and no liabilities. Their worst case scenario is walking away, not talking to each other, maybe disputing a few $1000. Doing ten rounds with a lawyer (there's really no boiler contract that can cover every conflict two friends working together might encounter) easily costs that, AND then you'll still have to go to court to enforce the contract. Spend an afternoon writing down a page of bullet points of the rules that should govern this cooperation. > You should have a lawyer look at most contracts you sign. No, you should familiarize yourself with basic contract law and be able to estimate the worst case scenario, and decide if that's a risk you want to take. An honestly curious customer with an open mind gets to ask as many questions as he likes. If you're excited about what you do, initiating that excitement in someone new is very rewarding. I suspect that's what happened in the jewellery store. And that goes both ways: nothing is more annoying than a clerk who doesn't know anything, and even gets the information on the label wrong. No, it demonstrates that they are likely to get 1000s of e-mail every day from random people claiming that their servers are down, or they send out corrupted emails or whatever, when in fact the problem is squarely on the users end. Processing all these to catch the odd legitimate one has a very unfavourable cost/benefit ration. Yeah, it is a legitimate complaint, and it'd be quite simple to fix. I want them to make their AJAX degrade more gracefully, so the site will work on my cell in Opera mobile. I would be nice with a "I know what I'm talking about" certificate that would bypass front-line support for those who really do understand what they're talking about. A secret handshake or something :) Only "works" with javascript disabled, though. That explains how it can go unnoticed, though. A few ideas: - Find a local journalist that does mainstream-tech stories (i.e. the guy that wrote the "Facebook owns your photos" story about half a year ago), and pitch your site as a sort of Facebook for Chicagoans (-ians? -ers? -aks?) - Make yourself the story. Pitch how you put you career and your home on the line (or whatever you did, but dramatize it. Whatever it was, it wasn't a few boring sunday afternoons and evenings, it was hard ) to bring relevant local news and commentary to the people of Chicago, and get a human interest story. Maybe a morning TV show? - Swallow your pride. You colleagues make a good salary drowning you in shallow, cute stories, that's mostly copy-pasted anyway. Make them make one of them about you. No. It spends more time on head-ache inducing bouncing stuff around than on actually displaying the message. This feels like the late 90's/early 00's MP3-player-apps .. totally 'leet acid-green sci-fi-alien techno UIs and little more than the very bare minimum functionality. > Christine C. Fitzgerald, a spokesperson for IS&T, said, “We are running Exchange servers in order to offer Microsoft Exchange. This is an optional infrastructure solution for those departments who will benefit from an integrated e-mail and calendaring solution .” For better or for worse, the world has come to expect integrated email and calendaring. I'm running Zimbra (community edition) for a few clients, and they like it, but alternatives to Exchange, even a good protocol, seem scarce. KDE's Kontact looked promising for a while, but appears abandoned. SPARC with Solaris is pretty inferior to Linux on x86 for many purposes, including the entire web-stack. This competition forced Sun to innovate, giving us the UltraSPARC T1 and T2, which is simply amazing technology. Suns UNIX innovation (i.e. Solaris 10 with dtrace and ZFS) came as a response to the success of Linux, not in spite of it. Sun paused to sleep on their .com laurels, and it killed them. Java was the reason for Oracle to take over Sun (OK, also the hardware). Since Oracles commitment to open source is, "yeah, sure, Oracle will run on Linux. ONE version of ONE distro, but, yeah, Linux", this is more likely than ever to trigger a community-fork of Java, backed by IBM. The difference between 1970's and the early 90's is the Walkman. Personal, portable stereos wasn't a proven technology 30 years ago, it was 15 years ago. These "uuh, the future" TV-shows usually predict the future in terms of extrapolating current popular technology, sort of the guys Henry Ford said would have told him to make a really good horse carriage. Looking at the (cassette-tape) Walkman and extrapolating beyond the limitations into an MP3-player device isn't very rocket science. Making it a marketable product is (almost). Why is he so angry with Goldman Sachs? The firms survival of the crisis appears to indicate that they did not take excessive risks out of greed, and thus are not directly complicit? Hmm, come to think about it, it reads a bit like anyone in finance is a greedy bastard who deserves bad things to happen to him. BTW, same guy as in this story: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=538849 .. good read. I have no idea about input devices, but this I agree completely with: > In future people will increasingly do their own software as programming is already taught in some schools as a basic skill. Especially scripting-languages have evolved hugely, and I think we're pretty close to where "regular" office-people will be expected to put together small scripts to get things done. Instead of going through a complicated change management process to add a button to some in-house app to save some time, users will increasingly be empowered to script such a thing themselves. Programming is increasingly de-mystified, and it's really no harder tying together a couple of objects in, say, Python, than to do a proper mail merge in Office. I think engineering in other fields works with blueprints, because there are so many clear-cut expectations/requirements. No matter how fancy the design, the over-all purpose of a building is to shield one area (the "inside") from another (the "outside"). Doors and windows open and close, optionally locks. Heating and cooling must be scaled the to size of the area covered.. etc.etc. Designing a building is much more akin to configuring a server (which anyone here is perfectly comfortable doing by blueprint) than developing an application. The level of detail usually required in a software-blueprint would amount to including the placement of pencils on every desk in the building-blueprint. You'll want to leave the grass-clippings in the lawn for fertilisation. Sure, you could add fertilizers, but then why not just give the lawn bot a place to plug-in (like a Roomba) instead? It's easier and I'm pretty sure it's cheaper, also. Also, I'm not sure the world is ready for autonomous robots with blades. Imagine it foraging onto the neighbouring lawn, prompting the interest of a 4-year old... ugh. > something we can not hold, something that can vanish just as easily as it can be created out of thin air. Physical things can vanish in any number of ways (e.g. fire) and restoring from a backup is non-trivial. The article tries very hard to blame this on Apple, which seems unsubstantiated. Taiwan-based Foxconn [...] faces cutthroat competition from other manufacturers around China and the world. A leak of the next generation of Apple’s crown jewel, the iPhone, could badly hurt Foxconn’s business relationship with Apple. It seems this company got a little over-eager in securing its future business with Apple. There is no indication that Apple policies drove them to take harder action against this guy than they'd otherwise have. On the other hand, Apple should put some effort into investigating if someone had his apartment illegally searched and was illegally detained in their supply-chain. It's a different target demographic. In a trip to DC recently, we got a private room on AirBnB and saved roughly $25 pr. night ($75 vs. $100) over the hotel we'd otherwise have used, and we got a better experience for it. We didn't feel any obligation to hang out with the host, bring gifts or stay in touch, or to accommodate our host or anyone else at our home -- which made things a lot easier. I think it's more correct to think of AirBnB as cheap hotel, not premium couchsurfing. "...and not into maths" is editorializing on part of the article. The campaign posters themselves doesn't even mention math. OP: > However, creativity and math skills are not negatively correlated as this ad campaign states . The ads shows creativity in a math setting, they don't imply any sort of correlation as the article claims and OP cites. I used streetview for a trip recently, I had the whole neighborhood around the places I was going mapped out in my mind from day one. It felt like I returned to a place I already knew. Pretty cool. Paths will only add to that. I've though of this as a business. Find a rural place in beautiful surroundings, fit it with a bunch of high quality workstations, a fast internet connection, meeting area, lounge area and small but private sleeping quarters. Fill the fridge with good, healthy food and have someone come in and cook dinner. Breakfast and lunch is self-serve. I'd market it as a place for get-stuff-done-retreats for entire teams (I thought of the name "CramCamp") rather than the semi-luxury-relaxed setting of traditional conference resorts. You're in the middle of nowhere, so physical distractions are few, but in nature, so clear-your-mind/10-mins-of-privacy walks are right out the door. Luggage today has barcodes that are used to automatically track the bag around the system. Using RFID instead of barcodes only helps with a higher read-rate (97% vs. 80% - but I'm pretty sure that's per scan, and if a bag is scanned e.g. five times the aggregate rate is close to five nines), it doesn't help you if your bag is tagged for Chicago and you're in LA, of if the label comes of the bag. The article makes if sound like airlines throw the bag into a big black hole with closed eyes and prays that some deity will have the mercy to place the bag on the right flight. They don't. I'm pretty sure that virtually all cases of lost luggage is caused by mis-labeling or a physical breakdown somewhere, and an operations officer deciding the plane need to go, even if a few bags are no there yet. This is a thinly veiled marketing pitch, justifying the extra cost of buying from the guy with a team in NYC, rather than the guy with a team in Russia. To get it right, we need to not only have a tight feedback loop with you, we want to become you. ... That's hard to do across two oceans. No, that's hard to do - full stop. You're not bringing your full 15 (I'm guessing) man development team to your client-site for more than a curtesy visit - and certainly not "to become" your client. That's for your analysts. And why would that be significantly more difficult over an ocean than over a desk? It's nearly impossible to do that if we're shipping chunks of an effort in packages halfway across the world. Then don't ship "packages". My offshore team work off the exact same Trac-issue-list that the rest of my team does. Software can always be built elsewhere, but the basic premise that the early blueprints are 100% dead-on are a fantasy. Strawman! "outsourcing=waterfall=bad" vs. "insourcing=agile=good"? No.. But connectedness alone doesn't lay the groundwork for building great product. But somehow you seem to argue that un-connectedness does? Bah. No, it will cancel voicemail altogether. The phone will ring indefinitely, or eventually disconnect. To return to AT&T VM, you'll need the phonenumber for that, which should be possible to obtain with #002#, then re-set with 002*(AT&T VM number)# Making law "compile" could be useful in democratizing a process that's entirely dominated by lawyers. Once a law is in "code form", links, ambiguities, contradictions and loopholes becomes (more) obvious, and extending it with e.g. precedent and opinions is simple. It would also help the legislative process - you propose you change, and everyone can run their test-suite on it, and see if and how they'll be affected. My first though was the software that the European Union has been developing (I don't know the state of it) that, on the fly, translates what the writer is typing into a intermediate language and back into the writers language - that way ambiguities and idioms are caught immediately. It's not exactly useful for poetry, but should help in creating concise and unambiguous texts, even in just a single language. I'm pretty sure that most luggage is lost when connecting at a busy airport, and there's some kind of glitch in the baggage handling at the airport. It's doesn't have to be a system-wide failure, just a single truck-driver running late, because a loading-team is two down because of the flu, and 100 bags miss their connections. Naturally, they are given lowest priority (when running behind, better get as many bags as possible on the right flight in time - whats it worth moving one bag that's already missed its flight, instead of one that has a chance of making it). The bag lie around until evening when the pace slows down, and the remaining bags are routed to the relevant flight. But it might be a while until a there's flight in the relevant direction, and there might not be enough room on it. At the destination airport, the bag waits around for a courier pickup, and that might take a while, because the airline wants to get as many bags as possible on the same pickup, because it's cheaper/easier. I may be mistaken, but I'm pretty sure: At NO point during this process doesn't the airline know exactly where the bag is. Barcodes are not at fault here, RFID won't fix it -- the problem is overloaded systems, delayed flights and overly optimistic connection-times are. They don't tell you this, because it's simply easier not to. If they telling you one thing, they'll soon end up rationalizing every single decision they take regarding every bag to everybody. It sucks but the alternative sucks more. Upgrading baggage handling is expensive, and there are only the carriers, which in turn means the passagers, to pay for that. I can't speak for why you can't find insurance, but this site claims that 0.005% of all bags are permanently lost. http://www.cheapflights.com/travel-tips/lost-baggage/ Since this is probably posted as a followup the the Justin Lilly debacle, it should be mentioned that Lilly himself speculates that is was a mal-configured fetchmail script that caused the lock-out. http://justinlilly.com/blog/2009/aug/07/google-account-suspe... The "Willie Sutton" business lesson is also good: When asked why he robbed banks, Sutton simply replied, "Because that's where the money is." http://www.fbi.gov/libref/historic/famcases/sutton/sutton.ht... I'd think a 301 Moved Permanently is more appropriate - and also how many URL shorteners work today. > Any time you've made any web request, there's been a SPOF And when you make a request through a shortener, there are two independent SPOF's. Also, if you go to www.example.com/here/there/article and get a 404, you navigate up in the hierachy, and search for the content. If you get a 500 or server is down, you can try later. If either happens at the shortener-level, you're SOL. > Tilleman acknowledges the idea sounds like a Tomorrowland attraction from 1965, but says it’s completely feasible with enough funding . Really, most projects tend to be feasible with enough funding. Actually, the word feasible seems to be somewhat linked to whether or the idea would work with reasonable funding. I think a system where packages are delivered via small, electrical driver-less trucks is much more feasible, since roads already exist. In order to move past this, we have to accept a basic lemma of reporting: There can be no objective reporting. > Military Brass will argue that it makes war safer. That's a fucking insane statement to make. No, really, it isn't. To wish for the maximal trauma of soldiers is, on the other hand. "The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his." Then you can go on the debate war it self -- but there are just and necessary wars. Had it not been for the allied forces to come to that conclusion 65 years ago, I'd be speaking German and be forbidden to marry anyone outside my pure, arian race. I'm pretty thankful that someone didn't make the argument then, that it is insane to make war safer by having soldiers advance inside armoured vehicles. That's because you're looking for natural evidence to prove the supernatural. If such evidence existed, it wouldn't be supernatural. In "A Breif History of Time" Stephen Hawkins states that time travel isn't impossible. If you can travel in time, you can go faster than light -- in the sense that temporal relations (such as "faster") lose their absolute meaning. If I need to go 100 lightyears (and can travel at c), I'll transport myself back 100 years and hit start. To a by stander, I'd have gone there in zero time. And also microwave-thaws quite well, if you get the technique down. Preferably, use the thawing program of the owen - if there isn't one, use a quite low setting. Run the thaw-program for about half the amount of meat you have. This should soften the meat enough that you can chop it in 2-3 cm cubes with a big knife. Run the cubes (with plenty of air around) in the owen again, on the same program. You'll probably need to experiment a bit, but the idea is that you'd rather have nice and raw on the outside and semi-frozen in the middle, than cooked on the outside and raw in the middle. The semi-frozen bits of meat will cook just fine, if the object is to get small chuck of meat, e.g. for a taco (if you need patties, slow-thawing is the only solution). Just remember not to over-fill the pan, if there's too much on the pan, if will boil, not sear, and you'll miss out on the tasty goodness of the malliard process. Wouldn't it be pretty simple to provide this as a service? Even if you want amazon-like "we stored your creditcard data" service, just have a third party store them, and give you a handle for each card, that can only be used with a specific merchant ID. That handle is worthless in the hands of a hacker. If this doesn't exist, I smell an opportunity. There are decisions and priorities in all reporting. First, often there's no canonical truth. Was the Honduras "coup" a coup or a functional democracy? It's pretty hard to report on it without deciding. The more detail you include, the more you'll come out in favour of the democratic argument, the less, the more you make it sound like a coup (there's no point of including all the details of the parliament deliberating if the essence is that the military took over in a coup). Second, there's deciding what news to report. There was some criticism of the media focusing much more on set-backs of US forces in Iraq, and only casually reporting progress - the media loosing interest in Iraq. How do you decide what to report from Iraq without letting your own opinion of the war influence you? I can't see how. I also can't see how you can reliably report on complex political issues without having a deep passion for these issues - and I believe that no one can be deeply impassioned about e.g. the Iraq war without forming an opinion that will be at odds with at least some. The solution: Quit pretending. Have an opinion. Care about what you write about, and let it show. Stop competing on "most fair" and "least biased", but on "best arguments". Sounds interesting.. I don't understand, however, how would your health record services compete with a credit card processing service? Short of something costing an arm and a leg? :) But to recap the idea -- people become PCI certified because they need to store a creditcard number for recurring charges. There are service for subscription type recurring charges, eg. same amount every X period, but no service where a credit card number can be stored and then charged an arbitrary amount non-periodically? E.g. toll-roads with an RFID in the car, AWS usage-dependant charges or Amazon-like "store-your-creditcard" webshops .. Are there any other reasons to become PCI certified, short of actually being in the CC business? I guess people are comfortable enough being redirected to a payment window on a third party website, so transmitting is not an issue. Erhm.. A referral bonus usually goes to someone who refers someone who actually gets the job, or at least an interview. This merely incentives spamming your followers. Offer the bonus to the person who tweeted the link that the final candidate used (just like regular affiliate marketing), so people will take care to select and tweet jobs relevant to their followers. Yeah, that sounds about right. There's apparently also something called "pre-registered card". So, no business idea here :) EDIT: http://www.braintreepaymentsolutions.com/credit-card-storage... I thought that a kilogram was the mass of 1000 cubic centimeters of water at melting temperature, and that a centimeter is 1/100 of a meter which is the distance that light travels in a vacuum in the time it takes a caesium-133 atom to emit a little more than 30 periods of radiation (9,192,631,770 p/s / 299,792,458 m/s). Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic. This is very distinguishable from magic. Yeah, but that's 140 years ago. I'd like to think that we've progress since then. Also, it's pretty important to get the definition right. If my definition is right, then sneezing on the kilogram won't make every weight wrong, if will make the kilogram not quite have the mass of one kilogram. Yes. I'm merely expressing my surprise that the definition is, in fact, a physical object, and not at this point expressed in terms of other, discreetly measurable quantities. Since he wants to keep accounts below the FDIC limit, there's really no incentive for him not the hit the markets aggressively, trying to make a nice interest for his customers. > Heroin and cocaine both do really bad things to a very high proportion of the people who take them The very simple solution is to provide legal drugs for users who are documented addicts (and no-one else) in certified clinics at a very low price. Since most of the economy of illegal drug-dealing is based on recurring business (addicts), the illegal market for drugs would collapse -- drugs would simply be prohibitively expensive when the majority of clients run off to the much cheaper, cleaner and safer competetition. Also, the biggest problem with drugs aren't the drugs themselves, it's the crime that follows as users need to get money quick to get their next fix. Burglaries, robberies, muggings etc. -- most are perpetrated by drug addicts. This would be avoided. I'm pretty sure a secure system for dispensing the drugs in the clinic can be devised. After all, we can distribute large amounts of physical cash with few incidents, drugs shouldn't be much different. Heroin-ATMs, anyone? The addict "withdraws" one dosis pr. 24 hour period, authenticated by a retina-scan. Hmm, not exactly convincing. Leopard brought stuff like time machine, this smells more like a big service pack. I mean, OpenCL and some of the central applications running 64-bit? Better Quicktime and a new Safari? I don't even use QT and Safari. And it's $29? Too little to be too much, but still a lot for a service pack. I'm sorry for the late reply, hope this reaches you anyway. First, the point of this is the decouple addiction from money, and with that from crimes of enrichment. I'm sure we can agree that addiction is the root of this issue? Second, this would only be offered to those already addicted. Once the illegal drug trading collapses, so will the "first hit for free" offers, since those are based on the expectation that the receiver will become addicted and be a returning customer. This is, as I understand, the primary way of getting addicted (very few would-be heroin users sit a home Thursday afternoon and decides that today is the day to try a hit). I agree that drug usage is destructive in so many way, and I've come to realize that my solution isn't really to help the users -- strategies to help the users have failed over and over again -- but rather to contain the problem, and cut the causes as close the root as possible. Once that part is complete, we can look at getting people into rehab -- which should also be more effective when you old neighbourhood isn't full of pushers whose business depends on getting you back in the habit. Every other "system update" reboot I've made for the past 20 months seems to have included an update to QuickTime and Safari -- both of which, by the way, are available as free downloads -- and the prominent featuring of those two products as a component of a whole new version of an OS makes it feel like a service pack. OP's point was that if your objective is an IPO cash-out, right after series-A is the worst time to join. If your objective is an interesting, reasonably salaried job in a fascinating businessenvironment it seems to be the very best time to join. That is correct. The problem is that all the oil isn't lying around in great big underground lakes where it's just a question of sticking a pipe in and start pumping. There are different degrees of difficulty in getting to it. We're well beyond peak $10/barrel oil, we're probably moving up on peak $40/b oil, but we're no where near peak $100/b and we're not even thinking about $200/b oil. As patio11 said, the more expensive oil gets, the more expensive alternatives become viable. It is. But that doesn't mean that Facebook is gonna buy it. I have an idea that's related to (4) - actual last minute flight deals. You go to the airport you want to travel from, and go to a "last minute" lounge, preferably behind security. Then, every time a flight is about to leave that has empty seats, the seats appear in an auction (available on smartphone devices or via wifi in the lounge) that will last maybe 10 minutes. The winner gets a digital boarding pass and is required to report to the gate within 10 minutes, or the flight is lost. The idea is that almost any revenue from an otherwise empty seat goes directly in the contribution margin. There are any number of problems, especially getting not-yet-travellers through security, as well as baggage, but the essense of selling a very-soon expiring product is the same. The Samsung i7500 Galaxy Android handset is less than €400 without a contract. "We're testing the fire exits. If we're able to empty the theater in our (undisclosed) target time, there's a draw of $(big_price) among all of you." I had a discussion with a flight safety person regarding this. He was talking about how test evacuations are very unsympathetic - people will literally step on their own grandmother to get out quickly. There was zero compassion, noone helping others - because it's a game, not a life-and-death situation. I think, and he agreed, that in an actual life and death situation, there will be a certain number of "heroes", people stopping to help others. But to answer GP, it's probably exceedingly difficult to test life-and-death situations in a both correct and ethical manner. Hired gun = mercenary. Geneva convention via Wikipedia: 2. A mercenary is any person who: (c) is motivated to take part in the hostilities essentially by the desire for private gain and, in fact, is promised, by or on behalf of a Party to the conflict, material compensation substantially in excess of that promised or paid to combatants of similar ranks and functions in the armed forces of that Party; Ignoring the negative connotations of being a mercenary, the fact that he is portrayed as being motivated by conquering google, rather than a brilliant engineer looking to make a difference in the search space, makes him a hired gun by that definition. Edit: Not completely sure this argument is watertight, but leaving it in for arguments' sake. Some discussion on a similar, but less comprehensive post: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=478632 4 sq km 36.000 km out in space is a very very tiny shadow. Long story short: no-one knows what happened. The gist: "To the extent that the identical code was available elsewhere, he used poor judgment taking the code from a Goldman Sachs server. To the extent he took any altered code based on open-source code that Goldman Sachs had not already contributed back to the project, I see no reason why this would not run afoul of his contractual obligations to Goldman Sachs, just as would normal proprietary code." One might be inclined to think, however, that it's the latter case, and this is all a storm in a teacup over the percieved backwardness of even being able to steal GPL code. A domain does not a website make. This is a quick & cheap pull from archive.org. There's no way twitter.com used times new roman on the frontpage in 2006. The BBC entry says it's from 1997, yet the screenshot clearly says 1. december 1998. DELL has broken images. The flickr.com screenshot is so broken that it makes me wonder if the journalist/intern/whoever made this junk even looked at the images. Telegraph.co.uk says it's launched in 1994, yet the screenshot says 2002 -- and that's the website of the very paper that's presenting this, for crying out loud . In other news: you can amuse yourself for a while by plugging random addresses into archive.org. If you like to give cash to charities, give some money to charities. That way you'll also avoid paying into the jackpot of some sad idiot who'll blow it all on vintage champagne and a slew of sleazy new friends, and end back up in square one anyway. The lottery is a ticket to dream, and that's probably fine for some people. I'd venture a guess that most people here has a dream that not fueled by a load of cash dropping from the sky, but by some sort of merits based success. The problems aren't problems per se, the insurance business has those pretty well figured out (you hedge the risk on a reinsurance market like Lloyds of London). Only question is if you can get some rates/terms that clients would accept. If *AA got such a list and started suing using is as a base, well, at least you'd have a well-funded entity fighting on you side. The object, as I understand it, is scrubbing CO2 from the air, not generating energy. It's down here before it's up there. The idea is to stop it before it goes up (by "cathing it" quickly, or by not emitting it at all), because once it's there, there's not much to do about it. Maybe. But according to a number of climate scientists, we've screwed the earth by then if we keep pumping it into the air. It's not the perfect solution, but it's nominally a better scenario. Who know what we might do with a huge load of CO2 in 100 years? We might have industrialized photosynthesis, so we can convert it all back to oxygen and coal. The deal with the climate change CO2 is that we've pumped out an enormous surplus of CO2 beyond what is tied up in that loop. Note, that all that CO2 came from oxygen that was once in the atmosphere, and we're still breathing fine. If the CO2 that would be caught by these trees would otherwise be "breathed" by plants, there wouldn't be a problem. CO2 doesn't bother the climate as long as it's down here, it's in the stratosphere (I think. One of the -pheres) it becomes a greenhouse gas. > I'm willing to bet no one read the book and said "Eureka! I've been hiring slimy weasels when I should have been hiring top performers. That is why we aren't a great company." ... Not like that. But I once talked to a guy who's the CEO of a 2-100 employees in 8 years firm, and he would privately admit to being bothered by hiring sub-par people to keep up with the growth. I seem to recall seeing the computers, or at least iPods, attached via an alarm-headphone jack. That's fine for store hours but doesn't do any good at night. We don't don't need to balance the cycle, it's perfectly balanced on it's own, we want to avoid generating large amounts of CO2 that won't go into that cycle, because it will make a greenhouse effect -- either by not emitting, by scrubbing and storing (this solution) or by enlarging the cycle (plating actual tree, algae etc.). I'd think that if we can convert the CO2 back to coal, we'd want to dump it in a hole somewhere, not burn it. The point was to get it out of the way until then. Really nice marketing hack. But someone should alert him to the invention of thumbnail generators :) The benefit of the current system is the network effect: Any phone, no matter if it's 50 years old or an iPhone 3GS, can dial any other such phone. In the entire world . Of course new technology can make that work in a smarter way (not that I'll take advice on "smart" from someone who thinks not capitalising sentences serves a purpose), but not without breaking backwards compatibility, which would severely limit the utility of such a switch. Anyway, it's done. It's in SIP, it's in Skype, any cellphone has a phonebook build in, and most smartphones can dial directly from a Facebook friend-listing. I can dial 411 and be connected to anyone by name in a matter of seconds. Organising issues in a reciprocal "depends on"/"blocks" relation. It makes it easier to identify bottlenecks. BugZilla does it, but I havn't found any lightweight system that does it. Slightly related, except not -- I use HN on an Android device, and while I don't particularly mind the layout, I can't seem to login. I can enter my username/password, but it doesn't go anywhere. If I use a wrong password, I get an error message. Anyone know what's wrong? I agree on XMPP, but there's a certain amount of pressure to keep this working entirely inside the web-stack as much of the blog-community (and especially the Wordpress community) relies on fairly limited shared LAMP hosting, where XMPP running in the background (or anything else, for that matter) just isn't available. Of course, the cleaner solution is to make this XMPP "inside" for thos who can use that, and then make a XMPP-to-HTTP frontend for those who can't. But on the other hand, there's a good point in keeping things simple. What do you know, this whole holier-than-thou anti-sales/advertising trend is that old? The essense is of this entire, and apparently 80+ years old, movement is that "the little man" spends his money and otherwise prioritises in ways that we, the holders of truth, find odd, even repulsive. We therefore conclude that the error must clearly lie with salesmen and advertisers pushing unvirtuous products and service. That said, there's a line being crossed when apt salesmanship and glossy advertising becomes threatening, harassing or are downright scams. My rant including the "little man" was no so much directed at the article in question as it was at the movement in general. But Russels depiction of this hard-working professional as a victim is condescending. He can provide for his family, but can't in the face of a simple salesman say "no, go away, and if you come back next week I won't be this polite"? This is obviously a contrived example, because the real world don't lend itself well to the point he wants to make. > the goal of (many) salespeople and advertisers is to make their targets sillier and stupider, and that's seldom in their interests or those of the community / nation / world as a whole. Obviously there are scammers out there, but the average advertisement/sale caters to the average consumer, and by declaring that the actions of these consumers make them "sillier and stupider" (than what?) and that they don't act in their own interest or "those of the community / nation / world as a whole" is "holier-than-thou". How do you objectively define the best interest of the "community / nation / world as a whole"? To take a very current example, the current financial crisis is caused in (a large) part by the political system (a democratic president and a republican house -- no-one gets away clean) deciding that is was in the best interest of the nation and its citizens is to lend a lot of money to a lot of people who couldn't really afford it to buy their own home. It is defensive. I'm sick and tired of this movement. As I replied to gjm11, I believe that this story is a hyperbole because the real world don't lend it self well to the point he wants to make. > I think it is certainly valid to question the merit of using known techniques of influence to convince others to buy things that may not be of value to them. Where is the line between this and the promotion of things of value that people might not think they want currently? There are two parties to this, the sender and the receiver. The receiver needs to process and act on this information for the sale to take place. I see this movement as extremely condescending because it all too readily assumes that because consumers make "wrong" choices, they don't have free will. The line goes where people chooses to make a purchase. McDonalds: it's not healthy, and everyone , including kids, know this, still consumers want the product, because they like it. I like it, and no-one else provides the convenient package of fat, protein and sugar I need at 3 am returning from a night on the town, and no-one else can give me that small energy kick as fast as a cheeseburger can to get me through the last hour of a long drive. (I haven't seen Supersize Me, but I'm familiar with it's conclusions) Regarding your experiment, I've all but stopped watching programmed TV, but yeah, I find ads obnoxious. Manipulative? It's not like they lie about their purpose. > I think it is an excellent analogy of the process that goes on between producers, salespeople and consumers. Well, I don't. Care to elaborate? > ...does not include large amounts of funds spent by people on things that do not benefit them. That's circular. How do you define what objectively benefits someone? > There were many more 'actors' than just a few government officials Of course. I singled out the government, because that's an entity we often look to in search for a definition of the common best interest. > In an ideal world all consumption would be 'pull'. I'm not sure that would be ideal. Well, yeah, sure -- but it's so abstract that it doesn't make sense. Even the simplest product has dozens of properties, which again are complicated to understand. There will always be some level of not understanding something, and then you fall back to rely on trusting someone, and that's the end of pure-to-the-core pull. > Most consumption of 'primary needs goods' is still on 'pull' basis, I don't agree. There has been advertising long before the ordinary consumer could afford anything luxurious. I'm talking about stuff like this: http://www.advertisingantiques.co.uk/ > But the recursion bottoms out where you run out of funds to buy something that you really need. (...) By having individuals compete with companies that have meanwhile spent upwards of a century honing their skills we are creating a completely uneven battle. Never the less, in the vast, vast, vast majority of cases the individual wins that battle. When that doesn't happen, there are usually a general inability to prioritise resources behind it. And if it happens, if someone prioritises making a payment on a huge plasma TV rather than feeding their children, I would find it morally bankrupt to blame advertising for that failure. > The best way to describe 'to benefit someone' is to say that their lives have a maximized sense of happiness (...) if you buy the 'wrong' car because a salesman pushed it down your throat Sure, and that's fine on the individual level. On the other hand, most people are notoriously aware of especially car salesmen for exactly this reason. And sometime someone needs to get burned, that's how this awareness is kept alive. It's a feedback mechanism, and it's working fine. One of the reasons I bought my last (used) car from the guy I did, was that he insisted that I should take it to a third party mechanic to check it out before signing. The car I got was not the one I initially though I'd get. I'll never know if I'm happier or not (oh well, I'm happier, this one is faster :) ). > I would suggest you look everywhere but to your government, almost by definition it does not have the common best interest at heart I agree. My point, and basic premise, is that the greater common best interest can't be defined. > sure, it's a contrived example; mostly the effect of advertising is more subtle than that. This is only a problem for Russell's piece if (1) he's claiming that his example is realistic He may not claim that it's realistic, but on the other hand it's not exactly presented as fiction. My point is that I don't think he'd be able to arrive at the same conclusion without exaggerating like that, because the subtle effects of advertising doesn't have such damaging effect . > (2) the more subtle effect is usually in the other direction. What you're saying is that most people more often than not are influenced to make decisions that are not good for them or their families? I don't agree. Most consumers might make sub-optimal decisions (to the extend that it's even possible to define the optimal decision, which I don't agree it is) some of the time, but the question remains if there's any evidence at all that they'd make better decisions without advertising. > Does being an "average consumer" somehow confer immunity to being fooled or manipulated? No, but empirical evidence suggests that people at large don't systematically make bad decisions. Since the charge against advertising is that it causes that, my conclusion is that the average consumer isn't being fooled or manipulated on any significant scale. > than what? Than they would have been without the advertising, of course. I think advertising on a grand scale sharpens the awareness that there might be a better (for however you define better) solution for a problem you have than the one you're currently using. > h-t-t When someone claims that advertising makes consumers act against their own interest, they necessarily concluded that there is a better choice for the consumer in the given situation that the consumer should have picked over what he did, and that this lapse of reasoning was caused by advertising. I do think that yes, that is thinking "too highly of their own virtue". I don't think anyone has any right to tell me that the good feeling I get from buying expensive brand-name clothes from a fancy store in a fancy location from a staff that "manipulates" me into feeling good about my purchase (case in point, the Ralph Lauren store in Georgetown, DC). I know I can get perfectly functional clothes cheaper other place, but I like the experience. > But if that's a reason for never saying anything of the form "X seems to me not to be in Y's best interests", then I don't see how anyone can ever say anything of that form, and that seems like, well, rather a nuisance. There's nothing wrong with saying that, but there's something wrong with picking a fight on behalf on someone else, saying that. And there's something wrong with legitimising reckless actions by blaming it on advertising. > CRA You may very well be right (even though the business week column isn't exactly unbiased). I don't have my facts sufficiently in order to debate that point. Yes, telemarketing. I didn't receive any particular training, but it was clear that the tactic was keep talking, so they'll agree to buy it to get rid of me. Yes, I was the piano salesman from the article. :) Except -- I wasn't pushing a piano at the cost of a family vacation. I was selling a $5 for three issues ($25 off cover) re-subscription to a computer magazine. Experiencing how hard it actually was to push this offer gave me quite a bit of faith in humanity. 5 our of 6 said no and hung up before I got through my scripted pitch. There's a certain sentiment against sales here. But where is that anger when someone is talking about their latest A/B test here? An A/B test is a test to find out which of two alternatives is better to make a visitor do what we want that visitor to do. Since the need for the A/B test, we can conclude that the visitor doesn't take that action be default. Thus, we're doing this design to manipulate the visitor to take an action that's not in his best interest? Because if it was in the his best interest, he should be doing it anyway, without the optimization, right? > _PHP & MySQL For Dummies_ That may be a pretty big part of the explanation. Most of the apps build on knowlegde rathered in that book, would probably benefit from being released from the constraints of SQL (and on the level of a blog or forum app SQL is more of a constraint than a benefit). My attempt at defining scams would be something like "when you're actively using an information/knowledge gap between you and your customer for your advantage". By that definition, casinos aren't scams: they are quite honest with the "house always wins (but we'll make sure you're having fun)" business model. The gender prediction would be, because this guy knows he's as good as flipping a coin, while anyone paying him to do so will be believing that he can actually do something (otherwise they'll just flip the coin themselves and save the $50). The "are you going to heaven" guy might actually, honest to god, believe in what he's saying = no scam. (Although if he was, he'd probably be more likely to be explaining how joining his religion will secure admittance to heaven) True. Obviously the definition isn't complete :) Most investment newsletters I've come across showcases a significant better than 50% buy/sell recommendation success rate, that's how they get people to listen to them. All those other guys predict non-binary scenarios. If I try to predict the result of a dice-throw by throwing a dice myself, I'll get a success-rate of exactly 1/6, but when factoring in the number of outcome scenarios, I'm doing exactly as well as the coin-tosser. No, I still think it makes sense when separating knowledge as the product (consultants) and knowledge of the product (I'm selling you a coin-toss, but you think I actually know stuff). E.g. an IT-consultant who clams he knows everything about computers, but really just finished "PHP and MySQL for Dummies" might be a scammer -- and one I suspect many people here has spend some time cleaning up after at one point or another. OK, I'm convinced. Good points. But what you're describing as a scam is a "mere" breach of contract. I don't think that qualifies as a scam. I'm still partial to a definition that includes some sort of intentional malice, however subjective :) No problem, host it yourself: http://www.fourmilab.ch/webtools/textogif/textogif.html I'm wondering if that was inspired by the #songsincode meme on Twitter a short while back. Thanks for the input! > will you be using the Across Lite plugin from Litsoft? No, crosswords here have a different layout. We already have a very nice JS widget that allows for smooth online solving. > let users collaborate on a puzzle That's a nice idea. Traditionally, CW solving is a solitary activity, but it's not exactly a deal-breaker to try to change that. > I like the way the UNO Facebook app has been implemented I'll check it out. > A discussion board (personally not a fan of it on the Cave, though) I'm a bit sceptic when it comes to that. The majority of the target audience isn't socially wired up for mass-interacting with anonymous peers -- and the utter silence on the Cave forums seems to confirm that. > a real-time chat widget? User profiles showing their playing stats? Yeah, we're was considering that. Seems to be a successful feature on other online games sites. > an online hits option? You mean hints? Yeah, that's on the list, if for no other reason that it's potentially useful. I'm thinking to combine it with a points system, where you earn points relative to the difficulty of the puzzle, and you might have to give up points or something to get a hint. > For some reason I find it satisfying to "pull a fast one" on any captcha service. Why? What do you achieve except being told you're wrong every once in a while? I mean, you're trying to bother a machine. Isn't that a bit like a reverse Turing test? I suspect the amount of noise that ReCAPTCHA filters out from automatic attempts is several orders of magnitude larger than anything any group of actual humans can generate. Excellent essay -- one comment though: > Is software a counterexample? No: > There have always been people in the business of selling information, (...) People will pay for information they think they can make money from. Software, it seems to me, is information that people think they can make money from. That's why Microsoft needs Windows on all new PCs (so it's a toll-booth to consumers), and student/home use versions of Office are very cheap -- only businesses will actually pay for it. It's even more clearly seen in the graphical world -- I have yet to meet a non-professional with a legal copy of PhotoShop or any of the other Adobe flagship products. I have a similar experience from college. We'd get an empty Java project, a "runner" and a set of simple test cases in the form of input/expected-output files. We were told that the teachers would run hundreds of test cases more on out code, so we'd better think about it. A very important thing to remember is that this course was a programming course (concurrent, I think), NOT a software development course. Many of these "I had to do this stupid thing in school that I'll never need in the real world"-rants miss those differences. No, that's pretty basic. "It works there and is a success, if I copy it bit by bit I'll get success without trying" Also, it oftentimes works: studivz.de blatantly ripped off Facebook (to the point where they didn't even change the name of the stylesheet files) for the German market in 2006 and was hugely successful (for exactly the same reasons Facebook was in the US). They were sold for EUR 100 mln to a publisher. Eventually, obviously, you'll have to innovate your own way, if for no other reason than that someone else copies you and does it. > If you're doing what you like and you're earning a mil or two a year (or well on your way), why sell out all at once for $40 mil? Let's say $2m/year - a sellout now at $40m is 20 years (if we (unrealistically) discount inflation and interest etc.). You love what you're doing, but who knows what everything's gonna look like in 2-3-4 years, much less 20 ? Google might decide that DHH is a punk and make improved clones of the entire 37s portfolio and release them for free. 37s may have a breakdown and find out that their backups for the past month are corrupted, and never regain customer confidence. The concept of SAAS/cloud might be compromised by Patriot Acts III-VI. All those are worst-case scenarios, but there are a million other events that could at least compromise the $40m price-point -- so waiting and taking the money later isn't a backup-plan. If you take your $40m now, you're insured against all that, and also against growing bored with the project and conflicts with co-founders or key employees -- and the buyer just might let you work, even on salary, on the project. Passion now != passion in 20 years. Actually, I'd venture as far as saying that if you're sure your current passion is going to last, it's not real passion. > The tradeoff he proposes is a straw man: "Pull a few million from revenue each year or take a lump sum". I agree. It's probably more like "pizza+beer+nice car+nice summer holiday"-profitable vs. a $2m-$5m payday -- i.e. the "we can do better, let's do this for a year or two more and see who has the last laugh"-passion. Yub, took that course :) MBA or not, NPV (and the derived methods) are incredible useful tools in financial planning and decision-making for any business. The Terra Bite lounge in Kirkland tried this when they opened (and got a fair amount of press out of it), but it appears it didn't work. http://www.terrabite.org/press.htm Commentary indicating that they stopped: http://www.yelp.com/biz/terra-bite-lounge-kirkland Especially since the CCD is only exposed for a fraction of a second while the shutter is open and the image is captured. It'll have to be scanning at a crazy fast rate (35 mm square at 200 meters, 30+ times a second?) .. and good luck getting the light cannon pointed in the right direction and fired before the shutter closes. What I reasoned when I read this, was that the system would detect whatever it is the auto-focus emits, and point a laser/sharp light in that specific direction, obscuring any further pictures, and at least forcing the photographer to move. Of course, it's ridiculous easy to hit with a denial of service attack, and even easier to circumvent -- just don't use auto-focus, which isn't needed at distance anyway. > If hardware would soon die and we'd be programming on the turing machine, we'd get microkernel OSes in no time! That'd be da bomb. It's a joke: (one of) Turings enigma-decrypting machines at Bletchley Park was nicknamed "Bombe". (and it was a mechanic brute-force attack, far from a Turing-machine) It would be nice if the article reflected that sentiment. The author refers to the company Oracle by its name exactly zero time -- instead he uses the stock-ticker symbol ORCL. Why? This habit strikes me as an exceedingly arrogant attitude: "I'm so much of an market insider, my pieces must read like a finance website" -- especially given how he fails to refer to Sun, IBM, SAP, Motorola, Apple and also indirectly to Microsoft and Dell, without mentioning their ticker symbols. He's surely going to have some unpleasant conversations with investor relations. Meh. Get off your high horse. Squidoo is even stressing the fact that it's unofficial to the point where it's annoying. OK, so the author thinks it's useless, that's a valid opinion, but that doesn't make it unethical. It's a website that mentions other brands. So does Yelp and any other local search service. Business and Finance Websites. Not to mention all the [brand]sucks.com websites. http://www.squidoo.com/kfc-in-public isn't anymore brand-jacking of KFC than http://outspokenmedia.com/reputation-management/seth-godin-b... is brandjacking of Seth Godin. It's not illegal to talk about a trademark or collect information about it, and present that. A newspaper article talking about a bunch of negative blogposts and tweets about a brand is not infringement, and Squidoo isn't much different. It's illegal to try to pass yourself off as someone affiliated with or endorsed by someone when that's not the case by using their trademark. The five instances of the word "unofficial" all displayed prominently above the fold on the Squidoo pages should take care of that. > The only way to effectively do this is to make the alternative, leaving control of the page to Squidoo, a bad idea for the brandholder. If you assume evil, don't be surprised if that turn out to be the conclusion. > this is a protection racket. You pay, or you lose something valuable Well, any sale can be spun that way, with the something valuable being the good on sale. What isn't demonstrated is the intent that not controlling your brands -in-focus page is damaging, rather than the neutral option. The premise of this product is that the discussion is already happening, and than such a page can be somehow used to control it. That indicates that not buying would be neutral. Granted, I can't see what I'd use such a page for, but then again, I'm not a brand manager. > Just like GetSatisfaction As I recall the GetSatisfaction debacle, they were essentially passing themselves of as agents of the brand. This is not an issue here. > But that's the point: THERE HAS TO BE A DECISION MADE. No, not really. That's an argument that's often heard from the confirmalists(1), injecting it into the discussion as a premise. It's not the language of people who are confident truth is on their side. The action-now argument assumes that no significant technological advances will be made. If e.g. desalination on a massive scale becomes viable, most of the drought-problem can be solved. If the nuclear power waste problem can be solved (e.g. by raising the efficiency), we can slash a huge percentage of current emissions with little to no downside. If artificial photosynthesis becomes viable, we can even wash out already emitted CO2. Deciding against globally orchestrated emissions programs -- which will have very real costs in terms of economic growth, which fuels increases in living standards, especially in countries where it isn't so high -- isn't denying climate changes. It's arguing that we're already hard at work slashing our dependencies on fossil fuels, and that we probably know a lot more in 20 years than we do today. If I'm wrong, and we don't take the decision, then we're much better equipped, both technologically and financially, to handle the situation in 20 years than we are today. If I'm right, and we do it, then we're severely limiting the ability of the worlds poorest regions in increasing their own well-being. 400 mio. Chinese entering the middle class, and accepting that a western standard of living (car, air condition, heating, hot baths, flying on vacation) is going to be denied to them because of changes in the climate lying decades ahead? Not gonna happen, no matter what Hu Jintao said at the UN. (1) It's a stupid word, but so is deniers and denialists. > ... totally confident in the predictions of economic ruin that they don't even bother to explain their reasoning. I don't predict economic ruin -- I predict slower economic growth. It's not the same. What I do think, is that there's a huge moral dilemma when we in the western world who're enjoying the fruits of economic growth are now ready to push much poorer parts of the world into slowing their growth, and thus slowing their ascent to the prosperity we're all but taking for granted. > Why this spurious equation of energy efficiency with a halt to economic development? Energy efficiency is going to advance itself, since efficiency equals money saved. But the kind of energy efficiency sought under the banner of saving the planet has nothing to do with efficiency, and everything to do with forcing us into using less energy at whatever the cost. > Your argument implies that economic development in poor countries must follow the same path that of the west during the industrial revolution Burning fossil fuels is by far the cheapest and easiest way to generate mechanical and electrical energy on demand. Especially when bootstrapping an infrastructure, it's also the most efficient. Gasoline, diesel and oil are simply the only readily available sources of energy that's immediately and cheaply transportable and storable. There is no reason to believe that rural Africa is going to go anywhere without burning a lot of fossils. China and India are sufficiently densely populated and able in terms of infrastructure that they can probably fuel much of their growth electrically -- but barring a breakthrough in nuclear power, there's only so much of it that's going to be generated without fossil-burning. However: That might change, come economic development. Taxing (in whatever way, directly or indirectly) carbon emissions -- and that's really the only political proposal that's on the table will curtail economic growth: It will make it harder for the "little man" in China, India, Africa and Russia who can create economic growth by driving his car to the next town, or who can increase yield from his field by using a tractor, or mechanised irrigation pumps, or who tries to run a factory. To hundreds of millions of people there is simply no way of doing these things available, that doesn't involve burning fossils. Since rich countries for this reason will be expected to lead the way, it will also mean that the inventor of something that might change this dynamic, would have a harder time raising the necessary capital. The richer an economic is, the more money it can afford to throw into universities, research and startups. > I've been following (but not crusading for) environmental issues for 20 years Good. Then I'm sure you'll agree it would have been disastrous if humankind had sat down in 1989 and decided to implement a world-wide scheme that would essentially dampen economic growth and development. > We have greatly enhanced our technology over the last 20 years, so why can we not put that expertise to work now, instead of waiting for some future panacea? Because we still don't have a solution that doesn't involve dragging down the world economy. Our solution today is to try to stop doing the things that emit carbon, but as long as those things are also to a large extend the things that create wealth, it has some extremely bad side effects. Wind turbines are fine for up to about 15% of the electrical supply in the developed world. Solar is promising where and when the sun shines. Water plants are fine where are water for them (not many places left, if any). Nuclear is nice, except for the waste and the extremely high requirements for safety (making them slow and expensive to construct and operate). We are getting there, and we have several outs. Electrical cars and hydrogen infrastructure would allow a much higher share of wind and solar in the mix. 3rd gen. biodiesel might help. Efficient scrubbers would allow us to stop caring about coal, oil and gas plants. But we are not there yet. > As for being in better future financial shape, you assume an inevitable upward trend (...) Only a few short years ago the bull market was hailed as a great economic success Energy creates wealth, because it makes the same person more efficient. That's the essence of the industrial revolution: harnessing energy in machines, suddenly one person can create much more. Since then, machines and how we operate them has developed massively in favour of efficiency -- from the steam hammer to Tim Ferris operating business on an iPhone lying on a beach. And we need to look at the economy at a much grander scale than 10 years. Economies expand and contracts, but over a longer time, it invariably expands. When there is talk of global climate change, a scale of 100 years is more appropriate. > To believe that some future market will be so awash in capital as to render environmental improvement a trivial overhead is to subscribe to a form of socioeconomic teleology I'm not claiming that. I'm claiming that it's going to be richer than this one, and not least, more developed than this one. About 120 years ago we worried about the wether the supply of whale oil could meet the demand -- in other words, it seemed unlikely that in the future, the market would be awash (pardon the pun) in whale oil. Then we refined mineral oil, and that was that. Nobody knows what the future holds. The officials going to Copenhagen (which reminds me, I need to find a place out of the city to park my car for those weeks) think they know what the future holds. I claim that they can't and that history speaks against what they are trying to do. First, let me apologize for the essay. I didn't mean to write that long when I set out. I don't discount the utility of environmental stability. But I have a hard time convincing myself that politicians and bureaucrats are in any position to impact environmental stability in a significant positive way. If only this was a Pigovian tax on carbon emissions being suggested, I'd probably go along -- especially if sweetened with some development subsidies for the countries hit harder by this. But it's not. It's a bid to get people to stop using the single source of energy that has brought about the largest expansion of prosperity ever seen. > You say you don't predict economic ruin, but you suggest that more attention to environmental considerations in 1989 would have been 'disastrous' Well, I did contradict myself slightly there. It was said with reference to the boom in prosperity enjoyed by eastern Europe after the collapse of the Soviet Union -- one that was largely fuelled by cheap and readily available gas. Form them not to have experienced that, while not spelling economic ruin, would have been very unfortunate. From the article: Federal investigators also found many owners were not aware that it takes three seconds to turn off the electronic ignition button that comes standard on that model [Lexus ES350] and the Prius. Many owners also complained that it was not obvious how to put a runaway vehicle in neutral because of the design of the Toyota gear panel. For Denmark: http://www.version2job.dk/jobs/default.asp > found some photos You could also skim the article on the page with the photos and look for any biographical information... The Fundable team is made up of Louis Helm and John Pratt. Louis, Fundable’s software architect, studied Computer Science Engineering at the University of Michigan. He is co-author of the Seventeen or Bust distributed computing project (seventeenorbust.com), which recently discovered the largest known non-mersenne prime number with the help of 5000+ users. He worked as a software engineer at Jabil Circuits before leaving to work on Fundable full-time. John graduated in Political Science at the University of Michigan last December, where he worked for the university’s paper as a photographer. He also studied at the University of Havana, Cuba in 2003. John programs, designs and writes documentation for Fundable’s pages. Mount the whole thing on the top of a broomstick with a switch on the bottom. Walk, set the stick down (activating the switch), hold it still, waiting 8 seconds (maybe the PC could make a sound when the capture is complete), and walk on. You could map out a reasonably sized neighborhood in an afternoon. Hey, this is the technology from Wag The Dog. De Niros character is a Hollywood producer, hired to produce a fake war in Albania to distract from a sex scandal before an election. At one point, he's directing news footage by shouting something like "there's a girl in front of a village, it's on fire .. hmm, no, more smoke.. her hair is too light. Can she have a cat? Show me cats" while having a technician type in the request and watching the result appear in real time. Because the 250 hours aren't spend by one employee working fulltime for two months, but by different AD, IA, UX and PM people working together asynchronously. At the client, he'll be on his own, sharing an office with the bookkeeper and the support/sysadm guy who'll mock him for using a Mac. Because at the agency the web-designer can work on 5-15 $15.000 projects a year, and spar with a bunch of similarly creative people continuously during the day. At the client, he'll work on everydays chores like putting press releases on the blog and updating the Facebook page, waiting for the few times a year when there's something that needs fancy layout. Also, it's much easier to plan when you pay for a project, rather than having a guy on a monthly salary. And most agencies have nice retainer-deals so you can actually have a designer when you need him. Yeah, you're right. I think the quotes page on IMDB has the names backwards, or I'm really in need of re-watching that film. Or the democrats did it, so Obama can hold a long rejection-speech, highlighing all the people more worthy of it than him for an instant PR success. Yeah, that makes sense. Amazing then that nobody told him about how accepting that prize might constitute a pretty big case of hubris. Could someone as an intellectual exercise explain how this exploit works? I understand the idea of how some strings can throw a regex FSM off its game, but I can't see how it would happen here. It exists, it's called writing an e-mail to your boss, requesting a private meeting. Anonymity is out the window anyway, if the boss isn't completely worthless, he has an approximate idea of tensions between his employees and probably even their styles in writing. If he is worthless, no amount of technological shenanigans is going to make that magically disappear. One: This has nothing to do with forensics. Two: I guess he deleted the tweets because they're very insensitive things to have said on the night someone died. A little like radio stations not playing "First we take Manhattan, then we take Berlin" in the days after 9/11. You've got it. Call IBM and ask them about managed hosting. You can use the Dreamhost prices as a reference, just add 3-5 zeroes on the end. If you buy a $500 car, never service it, and it breaks down unexpectedly, do you call for a new paradigm of personal transportation, or do you say "rats, well it was cheap and served me well while it lasted"? Is avoiding 33 minutes of downtime worth tens of thousands of dollars to your business? Didn't think so. That's nice, and $15/month probably buys you a lot over DH -- but it's not like Slicehost is immune: http://status.slicehost.com/2009/9/22/stl-a-network-issues-2 http://status.slicehost.com/2009/3/27/stl-b-network-issues-0... It says they shut down to re-pave the parking lot. Sounds like something that has to be done every once in a while. Might be that the rouge franchise-taker just scheduled the re-pavement "conveniently". It says that an idle, but plugged in charger pulls around 2.3 watts. I always thought that switching chargers (most modern celphones comes with those) were able to switch themselves off (something with keeping a capacitor charged to kick the circuit online once something starts drawing power). Yeah -- and there also size (very small), weight (very light) and sound (coils hum at 50/60 hz, the switching ones "whine"). But I wouldn't think the lack of heat that I can feel means that it doesn't waste 2.3w? There are other reasons than carbon offset to shop at Whole Foods... Presumably someone paid by the Wall Street Journal for his work, and thus falling in the Work for Hire category. I don't think she's fishing for credit. She's offended that someone gets to make money, even passing himself of as an artist, for simply cranking the zoom-level on a photocopier way up. In all fairness, President Obama should be a bit offended to. This "piece of art" is nothing, if not blatantly tapping into the off-the-charts hype around his person. He'd be wise to try to calm the hype rather than encouraging it. > Of course eventually they will take to building a following with innocent content before they post the spam :-/ You mean like all those otherwise sane people retweeting obnoxious Google Wave scams all last week? It is, and I've had some of the bad chargers as well. Usually, however, I have to press my ear against the brick to hear it at all, and have really good hearing. Yeah it does. try this: paulgraham.com://articles.html The separators aren't to be matched globally, their order in the URL matters. The first // separates protocol from host. The second // isn't really - it's one slash to separate path from host, and the second slash is part of the path. > The distinction between so-called "positive" and "negative" rights is wholly artificial. Not at all. It may not apply to this situation (that Finland politically decides to provide a service doesn't mean it makes sense to call it a right), but there's a very clear distinction between positive and negative rights. Positive right: The right to a free education. In order to provide that for a certain person, certain other persons have to pay for that. If they don't, they'll have to be forced to, otherwise it couldn't really be called a right. Negative right: Freedom of expression. No-one is allowed to keep you away from expressing yourself. On the other hand, no-one is required to help you express yourself -- that would be a positive right. > Now, none of this stops us from debating the merits of this particular infrastructure project. In this case, we should probably compare it to a library system or post office, as it serves similar functions. Agreed. I think it's a bad idea to spend other peoples money on providing 100 mbit internet connections to someone who's very voluntarily chosen to live as far away from human civilization as possible. Just like a bigger library in a bigger town is better than a weekly visit by the bookmobile, there's a difference between living in the city and in a rural area -- one that's also included in the cost of living. The ability to express yourself in a certain way isn't a right. Freedom of speech is all too often confused with a right to be heard. It has nothing to do with that. The right to a fair trial and the associated rights are "weird" because they're concerned with what the government has to do in order to get to violate pretty much all your rights. I'm not a legal scholar, but I think these rights can be classified as legal rights. I think it's more relevant than ever to be mindful of positive and negative rights -- politicians in western Europe and northern America are very concerned with labelling their own policies as rights when all too often it's merely an excuse to not arguing properly for an idea -- pure newspeak. Take the Finnish here, this actually is a tax on people living in cities to pay for people living in rural areas. But that doesn't sell as well as bestowing a right on people. It sounds a lot like you're out of CPUs (from the 3-GB limit I'm guessing you're on a Core Duo MacBook), not disk-IO. Tor is about concealing endpoints, not data. The Tor network is very explicitly and very visibly untrusted. If your data is encrypted, a node can forward your stuff or not. That's it. Of course, this doesn't help you when the police knocks down your door because you merely connected, even though Tor encourages you to run your machine as a proxy itself to get deniability -- and I even recall hearing about a Tor "virus" that provides deniability of even running the program. All very well if you're in a country with rule of law, not so much if the local party-officer says you're going down for Googling Tianamen Square. I think the biggest problem is that invites don't work here. If I had access, and wanted to check it out, I'd need invites for all my colleagues, too. You can't test a collaboration tool if the people you collaborate with can't frigging access it. Give it a break. > The Coandă Effect is very well known, and Dyson hasn't invented something revolutionary here When someone does this to a startup, this place is ripe with "screw the idea, it's all about execution" and "any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic". I salute Dyson for putting simple physics to work in simple, yet aesthetically pleasing fashion. In other words, if it's so easy, why aren't YOU selling a £200 Coandă effect deskfan? I tried it, and got the exact same I'd get running wget against my site? Are they advocating specializing pages for the Google bot? I don't think holding the camera steady it that big a deal. In the video, he's biking a non-paved hill-path, and the outcome is fine. A bit of shock-absorption and a fast shutter is all that's needed. > I've done it many times before manually and it takes around ten hours to do it. This is exactly why I've been using Postfix (or, preferably, get Google or someone else to handle it for me). Easy to install is a feature, and a pretty close cousin of the "shipping" feature. DJBs software is interesting mostly from an academic perspective. In the real world, it's hard to justify using something else, when apt-get gets the job done in literally seconds. [his friends were saying] Your company is growing 100% year over year. It's profitable and throwing off cash. Why not wait another year and let revenues double again, which will make the company six times more valuable If the company is reliably growing at 100% (which it isn't, there's always a risk), this expectation is reflected in the valuation -- obviously, actually growing it and overcoming the risk is worth something, but it doesn't scale linearly as is suggested. In all fairness, his following explanation actually takes this into account, my point is just that the replied to a strawman. > This story makes guys like Zuck and Gates seem extraordinary. What makes Gates extraordinary in this sense? Just because he kept some shares and stayed on, it doesn't mean that the source of his fortune isn't the Microsoft-shares he sold. IPOing is also selling out, it's just selling out to a lot of people simultaneously. I've only setup a single BIND server, and chose that due to previous exposure to the zone file format. It got the job done, pretty quickly even, but I'll definitely consider djbdns next time the need arises. > The wording of that FAQ was almost identical back in Feb 2005 Which, for those who, like me, don't have instant recall of web 2.0 takeovers, is a month before Yahoo! acquired Flickr. Yahoo! may have "completely ruined Flickr", but this issue isn't a casualty. The methodology on that survey if off the charts. The options aren't neutral or even biased in the same direction. "That's what the game is worth to me" is negative since it conveys negative opinion about the quality of the game (if you paid less than $20, that is). "I'm a cheap bastard" conveys negative opinion about oneself, and that's even worse. "That's all I can afford right now" is a socially neutral and accepted way of saying no without having to explain yourself. If you're in a bar with friends, and want to go home because you don't enjoy the company, that's what you say after the first beer, not "that's all your company is worth to me". There's an option missing which is "You said I could pay whatever, and that's what I felt like". I think that statement is tainted by survivor bias. Next to the platters, which are round, and thus don't fill the entire space of the package. See this picture: http://technoxy.blogspot.com/2008/03/fujitsu-announced-320gb... I don't know exactly how big the Intel SSD chips are, but I just bought a 16 gb micro-SDHC card that was smaller than my little finger nail, including a plastic casing with connectors on it for my cellphone. Why NOT to use a static site generator instead of Wordpress: - You can't update your blog unless you have a computer with the right toolchain available. That includes uploading a cute photo from your smartphone. - You can't do delayed posts. - You can't have local comments (you can have disqus or similar, but then comments aren't part of your page, and won't show up in searches). Pingbacks won't work. - You probably don't need fast. Wordpress + WPcache is really fast. If your static site does any of this, it's not static, it's a dynamic site that uses the filesystem rather than a DB for storage -- which might very well be clever, but that's not what's being argued. One of the reasons listed was better security by having no code executed on the server. That argument falls apart if you're willing to have some code running. Code that has write-permission to anything fancy. I'm in pedantic territory here, I don't particularly mind the idea of generating static files. My personal opinion is that having a dynamic frontend with fast caching for the most popular views is a better solution for that vast majority of CMS/blog (ie: dynamic) sites out there. What I do mind, are "I use semi-obscure technology X, here's why X is better than established, proven and hugely popular technology Y in every conceivable way" style ego-boosting articles. I'd rather read a show and tell about how this technology solved a real-life problem for you. I also enjoy the honesty of acknowledging the shortcomings. > Deploying like this has another advantage: you can deploy to a subdirectory of an existing app. Wordpress can do this too, out of the box. Simple: Because Apple can get people to pay $599 for the iPhone. More specifically, they can get people to sign up for $XX/month plans, which means Apple can get AT&T to pay them $399 for the hardware. There's no such deal to be made for the touch, thus it's $199. As for the components, I'd be surprised if an iPhone off of the line in China would cost much more than $50. The eCryptfs layered file system approach also eliminates the need for a dedicated partition, sparse file, or preallocated disk space for the encrypted data. eCryptfs files are written to the administrator’s chosen underlying file system with the total disk capacity available. Since each encrypted file is written to disk as an atomic unit, users can perform per-file incremental encrypted backups to remote storage – something that is impractical and dangerous with block device encryption solutions. Ubuntu was the first distribution that successfully put a "regular" end-user first. Everything works out of the box and configurable options have sensible/auto-detected defaults and are hidden away. They successfully did away with the editing text-files paradigm for getting Linux to run, while keeping the familiar infrastructure from Debian in place just under the cover for power-users. There is literally zero effort in installing Ubuntu on almost any post-2000 hardware, and it just keeps ticking for years. Apparently the Xmonad paradigm also works on physical desktops (re the photo in the post) ... Ubuntu pre-dates netbooks by quite a few years. And, sure, a "plain" software distribution will always play catchup to an integrated hw/sw bundle in terms of ease of installation. It's the classic start-up dynamic: you might have money and a vision, but if you can't pull off the execution, you loose. It seems that RH somewhere along the way decided that it's OK that you need a competent IT-guy around to get the software running correctly. 400 tweets/sec + metadata comes out to less than 0.5 mbit/sec or approx 4.5 GB/day. That's less than a dollar daily in traffic costs at the Amazon rates, lowest tier. One can see why they don't want everyone and their mother pulling it, but it's hardly rocket-science, once the infrastructure is set up. > How is this not effectively Socialism? It is. It's an all too common knee-jerk reaction in well-off western societies that when something doesn't go exactly your way, call for politicians to fix it with force. And politicians are all to happy to oblige. In Britain, back in the early 80s when British Telecom was operated on cost, and not lining the pockets of greedy corporations, it would take weeks or even months to have a single phone line installed. > In capitalism people are supposed to have choice. Yes - but nowhere it's stated that the choice must be between immediately comparable services. The alternative choice they have is to go build their own ISP. But, such a venture is difficult, expensive and risky, and thus wasn't deemed a better option than sticking with the current offering. Until the municipality came around and forced the citizens to undertake the venture. The argument made, was that a service will by default be better when profit for the owners is no longer a factor. This is largely a philosophical argument, even though it's framed practically, so I will counter it philosophically; The argument fails to incorporate some very basic and well understood market mechanism. A company whose products consumers are forced to buy (either because they are subsidised or because they have a government-enforced monopoly) are less inclined to invest and take risks in development. Why take a risk when people are already buying what you have today and can't go anywhere? Another factor is political interference and the ensuing ICan'tBelieveItsNotCorruption. What happens when the pipes clog up before there's budget for increasing bandwidth because more people than expected are downloading and seeding torrents? Is the memo that says that it's mostly porn and piracy anyway, and we can just block the ports going to be ignored over pumping money in new bandwidth? To help people get porn? Protect the children, save money and get re-elected -- all in one firewall. Yes, absolutely, a government run business can be more efficiently than a private one, and sometimes if can get some infrastructure in place where it simply isn't practical for for private actors to work. But it's never because they don't have to make money for their owners. That specific handset is for CDMA networks, specifically Verizons. There are no mainstream CDMA networks in Europe. The app, however, is for Android 2.0, and will likely work on all devices running that -- although there's only one announced atm. > If you are not in the business of domains no domain name is worth more than $50.000 And related to that: A domain name is (almost) not real estate. What would inner-city real estate cost if a city had an endless supply of perfectly nice cheap houses all within a ten minute subway ride away? This is essentially the case with domain names. If you're a geek and need to ask, it's probably too large (if you worry about hard-disk space, you're probably trying to install it on something obscenely old. Ubuntu isn't for that.). If you're not a geek, it'll fit (any consumer computer going over the counter for the past 6-7 years, probably more, has at least a 20 GB drive in it. Most likely you'll have 100+ GB). No, they're getting MacBook Pros. What's the point of having an expensive computer if you can't parade it at Starbucks? Yeah, well, good point. My point was that a userfriendly distribution shouldn't present technical information that isn't absolutely vital. And it's really easy to find, by the way: http://www.google.com/search?q=ubuntu+requirements > The salesperson was not the most moral of people, but he had a family to support, and it's very difficult to find a job in this down-market. It seems to me that the salesperson already had a job, before he decided to act blatantly disloyally to his employer. The point I was trying to convey with the analogy is exactly that of (the lack of) scarcity in domain names. Especially pre-bubble there was this real-estate-scarcity angle on domain-names: if you have a website about shoes, you need shoes.com, or you'll never be leading. But today we have Zappos which is a name I'm certain was purchased for $2.99 back when they launched and is developed into a first-class business today. If they'd insisted on getting shoes.com, chances are they might never have launched. > that's over 25 million operations per record. If the algorithm is Θ(n*n) it's suddenly a bit more impressive. My guess is that the answer is an unsurprising "It depends". A high turnover can (emph. can ) facilitate an upbeat, fast culture. Someone comes in, gives his fresh perspective on that particular problem-set and moves on. I sincerely doubt that Facebook doesn't full-heartedly encourages retention for key employees to ensure stable operation, testing and so on. I used to be involved in some European youth NGO work. Getting participants from outside the Schengen in, just for non-work visits, is also a big nuisance. So at a meeting we adopted a resolution to be put in front of the relevant EU officials that a special youth NGO visa should be put in place (not surprisingly, nothing happened). If it was, it would have been nice for us, but I have roughly the same feeling then than I have towards this: "We" (not me since I'm not a US citizen and as such don't really get to lobby the US government) are lobbying for something that good for us and "our" people by arguing it's for the greater good of society. But in fact, were we to get this adopted, we'd only further complicate a complicated and broken system. "Me too" exceptions are poisoning pretty much all areas of the political system in most of the "first" world, and only serves to get in the way of actual reform. I'd love to come to the US and work for a startup. But I won't subject myself to the uncertainty of having to leave the country immediately if I were to leave that company. The same goes for a transfer under L1. If you want me, I'll come, but don't make me jump through bureaucracy hoops that no-one remembers what are for anyway. Based on that analysis, javascript "scrambling" is the preferable method: It is 100%(1) effective and has no usability implications. 1: The analysis runs 1.5 years until July 2008 -- one must assume that crawlers has become more sophisticated. I.e. building the DOM, executing any javascript and then searching all visible text isn't that difficult, and less so now than in 2007. Your visitors that can't spell their own email address is likely to screw your obfuscated address up as well. I've seen email in my outbound queue to whatever@domain.dot.tld and variations. I wouldn't be surprised if someone never realizes that AT is @ (in non-English speaking locales, @=at is not at all obvious. In the Nordic languages it's known as (elephant's) trunk-A. ) and gives up before the mail leaving the client. reCaptcha Mailhide ( http://mailhide.recaptcha.net/ ) is a good solution to this. It hides your e-mail behind a CAPTCHA, but once it's solved it's an actual, well-formed address, that can be copied or clicked. Also, it's very clear if you've solved the CAPTCHA - it's no always clear if solved the "riddle" of an obfuscation correctly. There's a difference between what can be done, and what will be done. The point in the article is that simple obfuscation actually works. > but at least they get the feedback of a bounced email. First, that depends. They may hit an existing domain with a catch-all mailbox configured, or they may hit a legitimate mailbox at your provider, where the receiver may or may not think to reply that they got the wrong address. Second, what percentage of users (especially in the segment that might misspell their own email address) will know what to do with a bounce mail? What makes you think that this not so common (as you yourself call it) drive will become more widespread? The graph in the article suggest a very strong correlation between wealth and low fertility. Another trait is that of children-less lifestyles (sexual, medical or otherwise). If we're to keep up with the replacement-rate, that obviously means that someone needs to have more kids. You're right. We just need to get everybody to subscribe and adhere to the same set of moral and ethical beliefs. That will not just fix Facebook, but, as you say, the whole world. We can make crime, war and suffering a thing of the past! I can't believe the solution is so simple, and has been right in front of us this whole time. You just restate your theory as fact. What makes you think that wealthy families in developed countries with suddenly decide to have many more children? The article offers a theory that in rural societies, children are basically life-insurance, and the more the better (probably to a limit). But a tractor is much more reliable than a kid, and as a family grows wealthy, kids turn into "liabilities" that you have to provide food, shelter and education for, with little in return (not talking about love and family, talking about having someone to give you food and shelter when you're old and/or sick). > Evolution What biological advantage does a large family have over a small family in an affluent society? You wrote: > Wealth and the pill are still very recent, fertility will stay low in the industrialized world for quite a while, a few generations at least, but things will turn around . Why will things turn around? Of course there are wealthy families that have many children, but why will exactly that trait become dominant? Yeah, of course. But I don't see any indications that that kind of lifestyles are on the rise -- on the contrary, they seem to be increasingly at odds with "modern society". That's true, but that's a pretty big assumption. In past agrarian cultures, a large family wasn't just an advantage, it was required due to high mortality. My girlfriends mother is one of eight, all girls. None of her aunts, and none of their children have an above-average number of children, and between them I think they're below average. On the other hand, my sister and I are out of a ridiculously small family, and she just had her third baby. Plans for more are uncertain, but not ruled out. It's a sample of two, but if nothing else, it shows that if it's a biological trait, it's pretty weak. > The definition of biological advantage is having a large number of offspring rather than a small one! (Simplifying a bit; said offspring should also reproduce, recursively, but it's a decent approximation to just consider offspring.) What kind of weird question is that? In animals, yes. Humans, especially in affluent societies have more sophisticated goals. Obviously, reproduction is important, but we will also pursue irrational goals, such as self-realization, quality of life, love, ethics and so on. The idea that we consider it a virtue to raise a child with Asbergers syndrome or other genetic defects is evidence to that, and in an evolutionary context decidedly self-destructive. In fact, I feel queasy even writing this, so strong is our opposition to applying our intelligence to raising the quality of our gene pool = eugenics. My point is, although ill-articulated in a biological context, how does having a large family further any of the goals that a affluent individual in a wealthy society has? I'm not talking material wealth, even though that applies as well, but also the "soft" goals of contributing great ideas, science, arts, all the jazz, to the greater good of humanity. My point is; is a family with 10 kids more likely to foster a Miles Davis, Ernest Hemingway, Obama, Reagan, whatever floats your boat, than a family with one or two? Yes, I was wrong to get this tangled up with evolution. Obviously, if it's a hereditary trait, it will spread and become prevalent. What I was trying to argue, clouded by my lack of understanding of the exact biological meaning of the word trait (i.e. something hereditary rather than a preference a person might have), was that there seems to be little evidence, which is backed by the statistics in the article, that a preference towards many children is hereditary. OK, now I've probably got it narrowed down to misunderstanding the word trait. I'm not a native English speaker, so please excuse the confusion. I do understand why a biological hereditary preference to have many kids will multiply quickly, but my question is: Why do you think that this is a biological trait? The statistics in the article seems to suggest that we adjust reproduction to environmental factors, in this case wealth and urbanisation, which also makes sense from a evolution perspective: if we reproduce too quickly, there won't be enough resources to go around. I hate to be pedantic, but: > .. UTC (also known as Greenwich Mean Time)... > (Interesting note, UTC only matches the time in Greenwich during standard time. When it is DST there, Greenwich and UTC are not identical.) Time is really really hard, and I don't claim to understand it, but going lightly with basic facts is a bad idea. First, GMT != UTC. UTC observes leap seconds, GMT don't. That doesn't matter, right up until when it suddently does matter. Second, it's grossly confusing to talk about "Greenwich time", i.e. the time at the location, when you don't mean GMT. Neither UTC nor GMT observes DST, Britain, in which Greenwich is located, does. I find that this article applies: http://lithosphere.lithium.com/t5/Inside-Enterprise-Communit... (spoiler: it's "Show me five things you've done.") If he was worth anything, he should have figured out five searches that Verizon would want to rank high on, but don't because they're doing it all wrong. For an expert in the field, that would be simple, right? More like iPhone and those terms, I'd say .. Leap seconds aren't implemented, they're announced: The International Earth Rotation and Reference Systems Service (IERS) announces the insertion of a leap second whenever the difference between UTC and UT1 approaches 0.6 s, to keep the difference between UTC and UT1 from exceeding 0.9 s. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leap_second UT1 is the astronomical time. So far, there are 24 leap seconds. Also, I got it wrong: Leap seconds aren't the difference between GMT and UTC, but between UTC and e.g. GPS or International Atomic Time. No, the right lesson is to take a deep breath and ask yourself what three hours of downtime is worth to your business and compare that to the cost of full failover. The cost of full failover is first off a doubling of your hardware and datacenter costs. Then add the cost of developing a software system that can handle seamless failover, as well as testing it. By this I also mean the cost of significantly slower release-cycles, because you're not going to release a new feature without testing if it breaks the fail-over, are you? If this comes out in favor of doing full failover, you're a bank or an airline or similar. You're probably not even Google or Facebook. Chances are that you're not taking infrastructure advice from an online discussion thread. Anti-trust is about avoiding the negative consequences of monopolies, not forcing things to be open. Apple isn't anywhere near a monopoly, except maybe once in the iTunes/iPod sphere, but opened up by removing the iTunes DRM. > Everything that leaves corporate walls must be vetted by legal Hardly. If Sun can, then sure AA can too: http://www.tbray.org/ongoing/When/200x/2009/10/16/I-Just-Wan... Sun was one of the first companies to open the blogging floodgates, officially. [...] I note, with some pride, that we’ve had maybe ten thousand person-years of blogging since we launched, and we’ve never had any material disclosures or legal trouble. Nor have I heard of any over at IBM or Microsoft or Oracle or any of the other companies who empower their people. The reason speculators can make tons of money on Wall Street, is because they can get people to play along. You don't make money because an asset you own rises. You make money because someone buys it at that price. (That's the same, I know, but it's an important point to understand - it's NOT just numbers going up and down in a computer, at the end of the chain there's actual liquid money changing hands). Now we've lived through two financial bubbles right after each other, and one can hope that people will learn that sharp rises in the value of an asset are often inflated, and stop putting their money into the game. After all, those who bet and then hedged their bets on real estate (this time) and .coms (last time) were also (generally!) the ones who lost the most. It's a very perverted market, where banks that would have been bankrupt if not for billions in taxpayer funds, even gets to pay their employees salary. On the other hand, bankers in the banks that actually lived through the crisis because they didn't jump on all the fancy derivatives, actually deserves a bit fat bonus. I really don't see how he's setting double standards -- unless his trip to burning man was a business trip? The rules, as I can deduce from the article, are that you can't compromise the privacy of guests. Was anyone at the company ever reprimanded for being shirtless on their Facebook profiles? I can't get it to do anything. I see a guy in a cage and a guy walking back and forth. Arrows and A doesn't do anything. FF3.5 on Mac. There are some truths in there, but he's committing the exact same sin he's criticising the manager for: He couldn't care less what they do, except to conclude that it's worthless. He doesn't want to be called the IT-guy, but managers are invariably fools for asking for help that falls slightly out of the job description. He is justifying reading blogs about cats because he was up until 1 am, but the managers secret about spending half the day watching ESPN "is safe with him". Seriously? Like a manager never had to work late? May I suggest a GreaseMonkey script that replaces the youtube-flash with the HTML5 video, inline? Like the Safari-plugin mentioned above, but for Firefox. This doesn't do the replace inline, it just makes a link to the neosmart website which is quite slow at the moment. I, for one, am tired of the stereotype that geeks can't be expected to maintain a wardrobe of nice clothes, understand what goes with one's bodyshape, skin-tone and how to mix fits, patterns and colors etc. It's all too common that scientists, and engineers in particular, consider society to be a machine that can be tinkered with, oiled, something that, through progress, can be made to run better. As well articulated Einstein's observation is, it is hopelessly naïve, as well as ironic, considering his membership of a group that owes it's very existence today to large-scale heroism at command and killing under the cloak of war. It's not possible to pay soldiers a reasonable amount of money. If you pay them too much, you basically get an army of mercenaries, while the personal sacrifice any soldier send into harms way endures is impossible to truly translate to money. We entrepreneurs often talk of our way of life as something we choose quite explicitly over financial security. I'm pretty sure the success of an army depends a lot on it's soldiers thinking roughly the same way about their chosen path. Finally, my impression is that the United States is build on a certain mentality that's difficult for us Europeans to fully grasp. The country was founded by people fleeing from prosecution and suppression, and it's first war was fought against that same suppression trying to catch up. That mentality lies pretty deep in Americans, as I understand. It has nothing to do with cheating people into collecting our garbage and manning 24-hour convenience stores. It's a shame that thankfulness to esp. US and UK troops isn't better founded in western European minds, and that it's only brought up when trying to justify a new war. Fact is that 400.000 Americans died in WWII, without whom my German would probably be a lot better. There's a D-day burial ground in Normandy. Any European should make a point of visiting it sometime (I haven't yet) -- especially before making high-brow intellectual rants against war. > Why would there ever be peace when we celebrate war and warriors, on the highest pedestals? This has been well understood for 340 year, but let's take it one more time: When bad men combine, the good must associate; else they will fall one by one, an unpitied sacrifice in a contemptible struggle. - Edmund Burke, Thoughts on the Cause of Present Discontents, 1770 That's a fair point, probably clouded by the fact that the Soviet Union was, at first, an ally to Nazi Germany, and eventually celebrated its victory by forcibly annexing eastern Europe and the dozen of million people living there as a buffer against western Europe. The wars that are generally found on pedestals are not wars of revenge, but of defence. Non-violence works best when you are a large majority against a small, civil minority, which was the case in India, as well as for the civil right movements Ghandi inspired. Ask Chamberlain how well it worked against a large, angry, un-civil nation. And at the grocery store, I give them a dollar, and they give zero cents back. Nothing, nada. Can you believe that scam? Implied value: food and stuff I need. Some yays for subdomains: - they allow me to share all administrative code behind the scenes (logging framework, key generator, common scripts, etc.); - they're free for me on my current hosting plan; With all due respect, I'd say this guy has bigger problems than subdomain vs. own domain. I reads a lot like he's on a $5/month plan, and it's a deal-breaker to spend eg. $20 for a slice or linode where all those considerations goes away. What's wrong with that is that he's letting very simple technological concerns get in the way of him releasing his product. It's basically an example of very premature optimization. It's a challenge, but one that can be overcome. Google just needs to figure out a reasonable baseline latency to subtract - for that, there's ping, ping the previous host on the route, latency to other hosts with close IPs, GeoIP+a database of baseline latency to sites in the same area etc. And the tricks will be dealt with the same way as now: If you're caught doing them, you're blacklisted. But this will be less of an issue in this case: If you've taken the trouble to set up caches that you can direct Google to -- why not direct your actual users to that too? Googles crawlers are located all over the place, and especially for the latency score, they should hit the site from a few different locations, as well as different times of day. The cache trick is the same for not-logged-in users as well as for Google. If you're showing the same page to more than one user (and you should be, for your not-logged-in users), you should cache it and show everyone that. If show Google a few hours old version (that you wouldn't want users to see) you'll be punished with the current rules. If you're only showing content to logged-in users, Google can't see anything, anyway. Yeah, and that's laudable. It just reads like he assumes a constraint and starts worrying rather than understanding the constraint his decision imposes. Also, I'm sure, if he shops around, he can find a cheap shared host that'll host multiple domains for him. This further implies that he's in constraints-mode rather than solutions-mode. The optimization comparison is meant in the sense that it's like he's focusing on whether the compiler correctly unrolls this or that loop, rather than focusing on getting his product out of the door where it can start creating some value for customers. I used to own facebook.[country-TLD]. I got crazy amounts of traffic. 100% agree on freshly roasted bean. I see people put week-old store-brand coffee beans in a $500 Kitchen Aid grinder and serve a cup of absolutely vile tasting coffee. Some people simply don't deserve nice things. However, a Burr grinder is good investment, especially if you need the finer grinds. The cheapest one you can find will do fine, however. The blade-grinder will beat randomly around all your beans for the entire grind-time. This will kick the crap out of the aromatic oils, and you lose some flavour. The Burr grinder "crunches" each bean once and never touches it again, leaving the oils alone. It says that the ballots have serial numbers. In any transparent election, ballots are made public on request -- I think it was a TV station that did a 100% recount in Florida after 2000? If I take home a ballot serial number, a vote-buyer would be able to look up my ballot later and confirm my vote. But as I understand it, vote buying barely registers as a source of fraud -- it's stuffing voter registration lists, keeping voters from going to the polls and stuffing blank ballots. Because when you use English, you can write many statements that reads nicely - which you should aim for. if user.hasFoo() and company.isBar() then baz.play( jazz ) In German: if benutzer.hastFoo() and firma.istBar() then baz.spiel( jazz ) That's five language-switches in a single line. Much, much harder to read. (granted, only one if the language uses && and braces instead of and and then) > I don't think it would be so bad to say something like, "Your order is in our system. We'll confirm that the restaurant got it correctly and email you in a couple minutes." It adds complexity but provides no value. If you call a cab, you also accept "be there in 10 minutes", even though it's not confirmed, not "Right, tell you what, I'm gonna push this button on my radio, which closes an electrical curcuit connected to a big radio, and announce your request to our fleet of cars. Now, provided that there's no interference, and that the nearest car isn't in a garage or a tunnel or something, and if the driver isn't fighting with his wife on his cellphone, or in a place getting a coffee, he'll hear the message, and radio back confirmation. He'll then drive to your address, where, bar mechanical failure of perhaps the brakes or the pressurized oil system, he will arrive in 10 minutes. Have a good day." > I think the most amusing part of this whole thing is that there's no way any user actually believes there are ~100 discrete steps to the order placement process, despite the high "progress resolution" of the progress bar. Progress is often temporal, and time has infinite resolution. There may no be 4*60 distinct steps to the process of steeping a cup of tea, but we still accept the turn of the second-hand as a measure of progress. > Does it really make it "much, much" harder to read? Yes. Maybe not harder, but more strenuous. > No proficient coder will be reading lines of code as English sentences In that case, I'm not a proficient coder. Neither was the inventors of the IF..THEN..ELSE and WHILE .. DO .. and DO .. WHILE .. statements. Or the guys who made the convention to use hasXX/isXX for boolean getters. Or LINQ. > I don't think having a few keywords in a different language makes much difference. I do, and I've coded and maintained a lot of code in both camps. And, we're not aiming for "much difference", we're aiming for "easier". > You might just as well say that the switch in languages makes the code easier to read, since it separates out keywords from variable names. Well, I don't think any proficient coder has any problem with that. We have syntax (and syntax highlighting) for that purpose. No, it's not, I was going for a bit of satire, I'm sorry. "If you call a cab, you also accept "be there in 10 minutes", even though it's not confirmed" is, however, a fair comparison, IMHO. My bank 2.0 wouldn't be a bank as such, it would be an infrastructure provider with APIs for everything. Anyone could then build their bank-service on top of that. Want that debit card, this checking service and venmo.com for mobile micro payments? Just authorize them to your account, and you're going. Any withdrawal from the account would require a full trace with timestamps and as much data as is available to be filed in the system. E.g. it would be expected for a web shop to save the invoice for your order directly in your account. Still, I'd expect this to be regulation and liability hell, and if it isn't, I'm sure our friendly neighbourhood politicians and litigators will make it so in a jiffy. You list of advice is good. It's that it needs to exist to put software on one of the most popular devices of the decade that's absurd. In the 80's you could travel pretty freely as a western visitor in communist eastern Europe if had a similar list, telling you who to nudge where, what gifts to bring for cheap bribes (IIRC I heard that a good ball point pen got you far in some places) and so on. Now, the ultimate solution isn't a better list, I think was PGs point. > A councilmember mentioned the idea that we should help infrastructure providers protect their businesses. No, we shouldn't help anyone protect their businesses. We should let them protect their businesses. Regulating a business because we think they're doing it wrong is just as bad as doing all sorts of other proactive measures to help them stay in business. Interestingly, Wilson apparently changed his mind since he wrote this a month ago: > But if the FCC does not set the ground rules and insure open access to the infrastructure for everyone, that will hamper investment in what runs on top of the infrastructure. http://www.avc.com/a_vc/2009/10/net-neutrality.html Basically, he's arguing for one group of businesses (telcos) to be regulated, so another (coincidentally those that he makes a living of investing in) can do better. I'm sorry, but that's just not a coherent argument. The outlook gets quite a bit brighter when you limit the field to actual phones -- which is where the development is focused. I understand that the promise of Android is compatibility across many different kinds of devices, but at this stage it's a bit of a strawman to pull out the Archos which is a: not a phone, b: a very early device and c: not Google sanctioned. In other words, I'm with Tim Bray on this one. Estonia is in the EU and pretty close with the US, too. But a very attractive country, business-wise. > There is no reason to believe that there is any such thing as a soul. We are machines made out of meat. All we are is snuffed out the instant the brain dies. The soul is specifically metaphysical. Claiming it doesn't exists because there isn't physical evidence is missing the point in a very stupid way. > There is no substantive difference between humans and other animals. We might possess more of certain things, like intelligence, but there is not one thing we have that they do not, not one thing we do that they do not. For carefully selected definitions of what's substantive, sure. Also, PETA and WSPA would be a fraction of their size if it was actually true that you can't say that. > People only behave prosocially out of fear. Remove threats of retribution, and they become as selfish as they can get away with. Prosocially vs. selfish aren't opposites, so the statement is shaky. Also, that's a core tenet of big-government advocates, and last I checked, they're alive and kicking, so it's hardly a taboo. > The public education system is a day-care center. It exists not to teach, but to free up both parents to work. Not true. That may be the current state of the system, and according to free market advocates, it's the only state a public school system can have, but it's not its purpose. > Our economic system is set up to reward those who invest at the expense of those who work. This is because it is controlled by the former. Our entire culture is designed around ways of making people work all their lives to create as much value as possible, then give that value to someone else without protest. It was maybe partly true when Marx wrote it 150 years ago, but certainly isn't any more. People choose regular jobs over entrepreneurship because jobs are much easier and safer, not because the investing classes are holding them down. > Yes, we have masters. They own the houses we live in, the companies that make everything we use, the jobs that employ us and provide us with the means to live, every single source we get information to make decisions from. They are a small class of people at the top of the socioeconomic ladder. No, it's not a conspiracy. They didn't need to agree on it. They just all acted in their own best interest, and it happened. No, you will never join this class of people. The odds are astronomical against it. Related to the above. No, you might not join the class of masters, but you can certainly become your own master. But it's hard and it doesn't come with a 9-5 and a monthly paycheck. --- Also, none of the points are particularly disturbing. They might ruin the mood at carefully selected dinner parties, but that's hardly difficult. > So let me ask a related question. Would your trust your financial assets to your code? How much would you wager that your code is correct? Anyone who runs a business that's based on code, whether it's as an ASP or consultant do this on a daily basis. I trust my code to make value for my client so my client will pay me so I can pay my rent. Why would someone want to re-invent ColdFusion 1.0, only 15 years late? If they'd invented a smooth and tight DSL for doing video control, I'd be impressed, but this has the feel of someone getting excited about RPN and looking for a way to crowbar it into the product. Something relevant (and really cool!) for VLC to do with a build-in web-server would be one-click serving of a H.264 stream directly in a player (sniffing for a HTML5 video-tag, otherwise serving a flash-player). But no, we get RPN and a syntax that'd make a 1999 ASP developer cringe. For the record: VLC is amazing, and one of my first installs on pretty much any computer. I routinely stick it on friends' Windows machines, only to hear them rave about it a few weeks later, because they never have to troll around for codecs. Sounds like it's "The Homer" of cellphones. http://simpsons.wikia.com/wiki/%22The_Homer%22 Yes. (M-x rgrep in Emacs == grep -r everywhere else) Not if you're using SVN. Or if someone stuck a 24MB SQL data-dump with extended inserts somewhere, that has the word "unicorn" in it. Don't be so hard on yourself, I'm sure a lot of nice people like your regular UI just fine. > You don't need 10,000 hours in virtually anything to be an expert. 10,000 hours to be a master of tic-tac-toe? No. Does it take 10,000 hours to become an expert coin-flipper? No. An expert dish washer? An expert waiter? I agree with your point, but these examples are flawed. The "fields" of tic-tac-toe, coin-flipping and dish washing are insufficiently complicated that it makes sense to talk about being an expert in them. Waitering, on the other hand, is definitely an art. Sure, anyone can, with a minimum of training, take an order and put a plate of food in front of a customer. Knowing all details about all dishes on the menu in a fine a-la-carte restaurant, being able to remember an entire tables orders, deducing taste and matching wines from a huge wine list, keeping an eye on everything and understand the timing, so dishes are served and glasses filled exactly when the customer expects it -- and, by the way, doing this for maybe 5-6 tables simultaneously for 6-8 hours straight, on your feet, without missing a beat -- that takes years and years of hard practice. I was running a mailserver in a network where OpenDNS was the default. Outgoing e-mail where the domain-name was misspelled would linger in the queue for five days, instead of failing immediately, while the SMTP server attempted to deliver to OpenDNS' catch-all host. Apparently, if there isn't a MX record, it's standard to attempt delivery to the A record. Maybe it was cancelled because someone else actually had the guts to explain how it was deceitful. Not exactly. Sure, non-expiring giftcards are good (I think they are allowed to expire after five years in Denmark, which makes sense, since that is the amount of time companies are required to keep detailed bookkeeping records), but that won't keep people from forgetting they have them, or just never getting around to use them. And it doesn't mean companies can't make it difficult to check the balance. Well, origin and source of popularity are two different things. While most yeast-free methods of baking can be traced to Jewish roots, the bagel in it's current, cream-cheese dressed form was made popular (and for most intents "invented") in the US, in much the same way as the minced beef introduced to Hamburg in the 19th century by Russian sailors bears little similarity to the food that made McDonalds successful. So, in business terms, it's like the venture capitalist flying his private jet out and chartering a limo to meet with a portfolio company to tell them they're pulling the plug the because times are tough and they have to save where they can. Might still not be the jet and the limo throwing off the balance, but it's still hypocritical. At least he could be direct and say "We don't believe in your business any more, and we're not going to throw good money after bad. So long". Especially given all the talk about the sacrifices we all have to make, it's curious how politicians, activist leaders and especially public servants can't at all be bothered to make those sacrifices. The American president is a target and must be protected. It's when it's argued that the precautions you take for yourself doesn't apply to others in the same situation that the wheels come off. Fortunately, no-one is nearly as critical a target as POTUS. Democracy is in peril when leaders don't subject themselves to the same standards as they subject their peoples to. "I'm a leader, my leadership is in itself important, thus I'm actually morally obliged to take my private jet" is a very dangerous line of thought. Also, I can help but think that at least some of the guys in the 650 GBP hotel rooms, eating caviar (on the taxpayers dime, of course), have spend some time during the past year berating greedy bankers. It doesn't say that the access would be free of charge. That's like a race-driver saying that ABS brakes are inefficient because he can brake better than the computer (true, but 90% of the rest of the population can't). Or an amateur-chef scoffing at someone going to a steakhouse to get a good steak, because he knows how to make them good at home, much cheaper. Or, say, a geek saying that graphical UIs are bad because he can work much faster on the command line and in vi. I have two electrical heating devices, but both have a thermostat. I can read the label and do the math and tell you exactly what they cost to have running. But I can't tell you how often the thermostat turns them on and off, and I'm not going to spend a day with a stopwatch, looking at the light going on and off. I can't tell how the temperature outside might affect my heating usage. I can't tell how two persons showering affects the floor-heating in the bathroom, over one or none. A logger like the one Wattvision offers could offer some input to that. > Personally though I'd like to see networked RAID-0 support in the kernel No, I don't think you would. File systems won't play well with arbitrarily large drives. You probably want a distributed file system, something like AFS, and it's already in there. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrew_File_System No, I will not write a politician to get him to "save" your business. This is exactly like bankers getting rich from risky investments, then turning to the government for a bailout once the going gets tough. First, the über-fancyness reported is purely COP-15 show-off and nothing else. The bike-counter, for an example, serves no practical purpose. I don't even know what the reported LEDS are. It's true that it's very nice to be a biker in Copenhagen, but I believe that it's a case of chicken-and-egg: I think most of the amenities are there because Danes enjoy biking in large numbers, and not the other way around. Indeed. And the result is that our car-fleet is one of the oldest, least environmentally friendly and least safe in western Europe. > turn-lane indicators Never seen those, but sounds cool. > it's taken thirty some odd years to build out this infrastructure Exactly - but the story is framed like "look, this city built this for a purpose, and it worked, now you do the same in your cities" when I believe the real story is that a bike-happy population worked with a willing city to slowly evolve an infrastructure with mutual benefits. Electronic Cheques should be easy to implement in an online banking infrastructure. The debitor logs in and creates a new cheque. Amount, "pay to the order of", "for" and expiry-date are filled out as well as an e-mail address for the creditor. Perhaps also a password. The bank emails the creditor saying that there's a cheque for him, tells him to click the link. He's prompted for the password, and asked to provide the account for the money to be transferred into. Once he confirms, a regular bank transfer is set up, and at the same time the recipient gets a confirmation that there is coverage for the cheque. The final check could be that the debitor bank queries the creditor bank to confirm that the account is in the name of the creditor. This procedure allows you to "cut a check" in advance for a business meeting. The e-mail arriving is like putting the money in escrow. When you sign the contract, you give the creditor the password, and that completes the transaction. If not, just wait for the expiry-date and the money is out of escrow. Large sum transactions with low level of pre-established trust still don't have a replacement for a check. I bought a used car from a small dealership. The dealer didn't have the resources to check my credit, and I didn't trust him enough to just wire money to him ahead of time. Also, there's no way I'm going anywhere, especially not in the kind of neighbourhoods that have small used car dealerships, with enough cash to buy a car on me. So I went to my bank and got them to make a check in my name for a ridiculous fee, and brought that, and figured, "why can't I just do that online"? Another purpose would be quick settlements of bills. If I transfer the money it takes up to three working days for the amount to appear in the creditors account -- sometimes that's not practical if I need someone to ship something to me today -- this electronic check would solve that problem, because the creditor would be informed immediately by a trusted party that the money is there and on the way. It has the same non-repudiation that all other online banking transactions have. > Meanwhile, if there are "billions at stake" in the "green" industry, there are trillions at stake in those industries Don't count on it. Enron, 1998: "If implemented this agreement will do more to promote Enron’s business than will almost any other regulatory initiative outside of restructuring of the energy and natural-gas industries in Europe and the United States, the potential to add incremental gas sales, and additional demand for renewable technology is enormous." The biggest contributor to the debate is governments, and their self-interest in climate change is eclipsing that of any business. > Can we at least agree that arguing about monetary motivation is problematic at best, and probably stupid, and stick to the actual science here? Apparently not. Obviously, your plea is sound, had it not followed an assertion of one side of the argument that it is claiming problematic and stupid. Well, the debate is very shrill, so it's probably hard to find someone who's not invested in some sort in one side. But "The Skeptics Handbook" is very sober and seems separated from the author: http://joannenova.com.au/global-warming/ Well, sober or not, I felt it pretty thoroughly laid out the argument for the sceptic position. > For example the self-limiting effects of CO2. Seems plausible enough to someone reading about it for the first time, but I'm guessing this is a theory produced by climate researchers. Why does this get a free pass when other theories get demolished for using computers, creating models, assumptions and other basic tools of science? I didn't understand that? I don't recall theories being demolished for doing those thing? > Also, out of the 4 basic points, point 3 (the earth hasn't warmed since 2001) seems incredibly weak even at first glance. There is some satellite data going back around 30 years that doesn't register any statistically significant warming. Obviously, there are some other that does, and "Climategate" and "hide the decline" seems to be about this. I'm not qualified to evaluate the arguments about which datasets can be processed how or left out or given different weights, but there's a lot of language in those e-mail that you wouldn't expect to hear from someone confident in the completeness and soundness of their own argument. Actually, I'm mostly interested in the politics, more than the science. IPCC is a political body disguised as objective science, and quite frankly, that should piss of all scientists, whether or not they agree with the conclusion. The politics-disguised-as-science is then being used to push a very expensive and very ineffective agenda, and that should piss off the rest of us. Major Propaganda Vessel of Communist Country Denounces Capitalism; Hell Stays Hot; film at 11. I'm sorry for the cheap joke, but the op-ed doesn't even try to be coherent. Lesson one is that free markets don't work, even though 3/4 of the argument supporting it has to do with the huge government bail-out of the financial industry. Lesson two is that the reliance on that kind of bailout creates perverse incentives (and lesson one was that markets don't work?). Lesson three is that Keynesian policies do work. Which seems to contradict lesson one. (Yes, Keynesian policies do work. The debatable issues is whether they work better than letting the free-market work things out). I don't understand lesson four (mea culpa) and lesson five "is that not all innovation leads to a more efficient and productive economy". Well, duh, no. But bailing out the innovation that doesn't work doesn't lead to anything good, either. For my modest needs, OpenOffice Calc does the trick. But now there's a standard. jQuery will (most likely) support this, as will any other javascript library. Just include one file (that you're probably including anyway) and you're good to go. The cool thing is that now people with HTML5 browsers will have access to plugins that can extend the behaviour of these fields. One plugin I'm missing, that this makes possible, is adding a "recent dates" box to the date-selector: when planning a vacation, I need to enter the same two dates (often 4-6 months in the future) on the websites of airlines, hotels, car rentals etc. over and over. That gets old really fast. No, I'm implying that his message (which is political, not scientific in nature) fits the goal of the Chinese government very well. I don't for a second think that Mr. Stiglitz doesn't hold the beliefs that he expresses, but knowing that China does not, whatever the other qualities of the papers mentioned are, have a free press, it's a safe bet that a equally qualified author with the opposite view of Mr. Stiglitz would not have been printed. > Also, the present leadership of China has no real desire to denounce capitalism. Not directly, but the more the people can be led to believe that the current state of wealth is due to the glorious policies of their benevolent leaders, the better. This column serves that purpose nicely. 1: I didn't think so. But there is only one party, and once the party settles on a policy, it pretty much stays that way, and debate is certainly not encouraged. 2: From http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/China_Daily : China Daily, has a monopoly, being the only official English-language national newspaper in China.[...] Journalists practice a high degree of self-censorship at the paper. Subjects such as Tibet, Taiwan and Falun Gong [...] have to be approved by a higher authority before publication [...] One journalist working at the paper said, despite more openness in the media, "80 per cent of what we know we cannot report." The editor of the paper has told foreign editors that the paper's editorial policy was to support the policies of the Communist Party and only make criticism of the authorities if there was deviation from Party policy. Re. US papers - sure, but the U.S. (and other free countries) have competing papers and newsletters and even blogs. To frame it differently: I'm in China and I disagree strongly with Mr. Stiglitz. Free markets have done wonders for China and the policies backed my Mr. Stiglitz serves only to promote poverty. What do I do to voice my opinion? I write the editor of China Daily, and maybe I'm published. But maybe not, and maybe the next day I'm fired from my job at a large Chinese University. Maybe they tell me I'm a reactionary, maybe they don't, but suddenly I just can't seem to find a job in academia. Alternatively, if I'm not in China (which I'm not), I go on HN, and write my opinion. If I cared a bit more, I might write a blog entry or a letter to the editor of a newspaper I expect to find my view interesting. Whatever I do, my family and my self still have jobs tomorrow. Naa, not really. We might all die due to some extreme natural disaster or nuclear war, but civilization is a very strong trait. Even in the most abject poverty and the most horrible wars, glimpses of the beauty that is human civilization appears. Our lives may change significantly for better or for worse, but civilization isn't going anywhere.