To me, those aren't really signs of growth, other than being able to take a punch. 1. Writing a professional product, from scratch to completion, by yourself or as a team lead, while doing every aspect of the project: BA, PM, design, architecture, server install, data model (if applicable), code, comments, documentation, QA, deployment, support. 2. Pick up a complete mess that someone else wrote, who is no longer available. Read it, really understand it, and be able to refactor it into something worth while. As stated, most of the things the OP listed are really just academic and he should have done those in school, as they have been done as nausium. Rarely do you need to do those anymore. That's unsettling. When I earned my MIS degree (with a bunch of CS courses) in 1997, you had the opportunity to get a great education, but you also had an opportunity to coast by. Back then, everything was done in "teams." You had people who took the bull by the horns, and you had people who were trying not to drown. C's get degrees, as we used to say. Now, learning people with MS in CS have the same issues is what's really jarring. There were so many weed-out courses in BS CS, I couldn't imagine someone getting as far as a MS CS without knowing the basics. Having said that, I earned most of my chops on "the street," with a great mentor many years ago. We really challenged each other want wanted to show each other how smart we were. Good times. Do you know where they got their degree? ITT Tech or something? I assuming you mean writing all the business logic in stored procs and functions. Every time I've seen this, it ended up horribly. I use the database for storage and data validation only. I write a middle tier for the business logic, and of course the front end layer. I'm not saying it can't been done well, but it poses enough problems that are difficult to avoid, like calling an external web service inside a stored procedure, and the general mess of maintaining a bunch of chained stored procedures, functions. It also guarantees vendor lock-in. >Except now I have to jump through hoops with HR (let's just assume they'd be OK with this, which they almost certainly won't), get the contract in place, work with IT to get your environment set up, and bring you up to speed (so really I may get one full day of actual work)... just to realize that I don't want to hire you. There are two major reveals in that sentence. One, HR rules your hiring practice and therefore you and your department, and you just advise them. Two, your company is so soul-suckingly bureaucratic, I couldn't imagine a good, creative, problem solving developer would ever want to work there. Both are red flags. Hah. I was thinking that too. While I was reading the article, I was thinking about how I would do it. Then I read the wall of text that was the ideal solutions and thought, "wow, what the hell are coders doing these days?" No they aren't. They are a diagram of a process. Code is the instructions used to implement that process. You shouldn't be so smug either. Look up the prefix pseudo. "supposed or purporting to be but not really so; false; not genuine." Another definition, "not genuine; sham." Pseudocode is not computer code as to your assertion. I think you are basing your argument that anything written down that can be turned into code is pseudocode. That is also not correct. Pseudocode has a very specific definition. Here is one: "Pseudocode is an informal high-level description of the operating principle of a computer program or other algorithm. It uses the structural conventions of a normal programming language, but is intended for human reading rather than machine reading." Flow charts do not use the structural conventions of normal programming languages, they use shapes and text. If you are writing pseudocode (the actual definition, not your made up one) every day, you are wasting everyone on your team's time. If you are drawing diagrams every day on a whiteboard, you are still probably wasting everyone's time. Ok, so I guess by your omission, you agree that pseudocode is not code and flow charts are also not pseudocode. I don't care about the rest, you can whiteboard all you want. We analyze the problem, then solve it in our heads, usually by the time we've finished talking about it. White boarding just seems way over the top, especially if it takes more than one person to solve a problem every day. Sounds like development by committee. What's 2+2? Lets go to the whiteboard! Out of curiosity, what industry are you in and stack do you use? Pseudocode has a definition, you can't just make one up in an attempt to not look foolish. No, automation with AI. DSS mostly. Stacks aren't just for web. I guess if you are unwilling to share your stack or any information other than the fact that you write stuff on paper and don't know what pseudocode is, then we don't have much to discuss, and you haven't really made any convincing arguments to your "superior" coding methods. I've seen enough BS in my 20 years to recognize yours. You have a strange view of reality, my friend. Let it go, you're wrong. It's obvious that you know you're wrong, otherwise you would argue your position rather than throwing personal insults and a hissy fit. Pseudocode is not code. Flowcharts are not pseudocode. You also didn't describe your stack. I just see some fresh meat who desperately wants people to take him seriously, but he has a hard time with it because he's kinda childish, very defensive, and can't argue his point. Anyway, this discussion is counterproductive, so I'm going to stop reading after this one. That's called a natural key and I only use it for logins in user tables. I haven't found anything else that doesn't break down. I've stored images both ways and both have their issues. To declare one is superior over others in all circumstances as the OP did is short sighted. The one thing I would recommend is once you pick one, stick to it for consistency's sake. I agree with database first. It's the essence of your application, meaning hypothetically, if you were to strip away all your UI and business logic, and all your users were experts at SQL and never made a mistake, the database is all you would have left. Furthermore, a database mistake, once built on, will stay with your organization for life, only removable by a lot of pain. A coding mistake is fairly trivial to recover from. I find it troubling that many self taught programmers don't take the time to learn databases. They aren't even that difficult to master. 3NF, Constraints, Indexes. That covers 90% of it. Everyone thinks they're making Google. You are close minded. Instead of insulting people who dare to criticize your silly interview, maybe you should listen to them. Another red flag. You seem to think you are in a buyer's market. What does your company offer that is so compelling someone would put up with that silliness? Let me guess, market rates. I hope you at least inform applicants that you expect them to code on a whiteboard so you aren't wasting their time. It's usually over-promoting a skill on your resume. It might not be nefarious or intentional, but it's a communications gap. What you mean by "experience in," and what the manager wants you to mean by "experience in," are two totally different things. Example, if you read a SQL book a couple of years ago, you would say you have experience in SQL. You've forgotten most of it, but you are familiar. If a manager reads that same thing, he or she might think, "Oh, proficient in CRUD queries but not overly complex ones." Manager gives you a quiz on SQL, but since you don't have Google in front of you, you flail because you haven't messed with it in a long time. It's not really lying, it's just a communications gap. I'm not saying there isn't outright misrepresentation of skills, but most of the time it isn't intentional. I think what he is pointing out is that if you don't know the modulus operator, you will fail FizzBuzz. The modulus operator is rarely used and somewhat obscure. The only time I use the modulus operator is when I'm writing something to track what record / rule I'm processing and I only want to show every 10,000th record or so. I can't think of a time I've used it otherwise. What I do is ask them about previous projects. 1. What was your favorite project and why? Explain. 2. What was your least favorite project and why? Explain. I can get a good idea of the person through those two simple questions. I throw a few simple technical questions like: What is a primary key? What is a foreign key? What is inheritance? What's the difference between a function and a procedure (Delphi days). Questions that anyone should be able to answer just by writing code. "So we’re doing this to help you.” ... "with 14 felony counts" In the US, I think having a crippling drug addiction is better than 14 felony counts. What's that? 30 years in prison? Life? No chance of gainful employment for life? Shit paid public defender, or $300,000 to fight it? I thought we were getting more sensible about this stuff? Absurd. Write or email your congressman. It's the only thing that will do any good. It's hard to say. Were there fewer alcoholics during prohibition? Were there more after it was repealed? Was it statistically significant? I'm not sure, but it would be a pretty damn good case study. The problem I have is that the US is so hard headed, they double down whenever something doesn't work rather than reevaluate. The US has been doubling down on the drug war every administration since the 1970s. The solution has been significantly more harmful than the problem since the 80s, and yet they keep doubling down. Sounds like we just doubled down again with painkillers. It's madness. I don't want to drown in minutiae, but at the end of that article, the author is supporting the drug war, so he is using statistics supporting his case. I did a little research and there are of course conflicting views on the effectiveness of Prohibition. "John D. Rockefeller, a teetotaler, observed in 1932, 'drinking has generally increased, the speakeasy has replaced the saloon; a vast army of lawbreakers has been recruited and financed on a colossal scale.'" To avoid a long drawn out argument about which statistics are more likely to be accurate, I'm willing to admit that both conclusions are possible and the actual answer lies somewhere in-between. The first guy estimated 30%, Rockefeller surmised that it increased, so lets go with 15% decrease in drug use because of the drug war. That's even hard to say because the drug war has lasted a lot longer than prohibition. Unfortunately I couldn't quickly find any information about the repeal of prohibition which is more relevant to the topic since we are currently in a prohibition. Anyway, I guess the country needs to decide if 15% increase in drug use is worth the cost of the drug war, so for every 20 current drug users, we'd get 3 more. In exchange, we'd get a lot of money in the treasury, respect for the law, return of our freedoms (maybe), much smaller incarceration rate, greatly weakened gangs and cartels, much less justification for surveillance, and an overall less hellishly scary police state. Unfortunately, the US doesn't debate it rationally in those terms. The problem is it's one sided. The main issue is US employees are fortunate enough to have protections under the law, protections hard fought by unions, literally. Those protections cost money but are sensible, such as safety regulations, child labor laws, the right to not be discriminated against, minimum wage, no harassment, physical violence, etc. When using Indian labor offshore, or any underdeveloped economy really, those protections are mostly gone because India doesn't protect their employees like the US does, which is also unfortunate. Companies also benefit from the US legal system and infrastructure, including the liability protection from corporations, tax breaks, roads, public utilities, police, etc, all which are paid for by taxpayers. Of course, to be fair, US corporations who benefit mostly from foreign labor should move their corporation to the country of their labor. Of course they don't want to do that, because of corruption, subpar legal system, infrastructure, etc. They want it both ways. Protection and benefits from the US government and cheap labor where the labor doesn't have the same protection. It's not just wages US labor is losing. To compete, US labor has to give up all our labor benefits while still paying for corporate benefits through tax dollars. Taxpayers are also on the hook for people who can't find jobs while corporations do nothing but benefit. It's really another wealth transfer from the bottom and middle, up. Besides it's against the spirit of the law. I'm ok with offshoring if US corporations are OK with losing all their tax breaks. I didn't think so. Yes, H1B is a different animal than offshoring as it is much more fair to the worker. Funny that the H1B has much more regulation than offshoring. That's probably why it's more fair. Also, tech workers uses computers and do have free movement by remoting. Managers typically don't allow it. Economically, that's a heck of a lot of power. Anyway, I'm pretty content with the current status of H1B in spirit. This company obviously didn't attempt to find domestic labor before using H1B, so they are in violation of the agreement. I think the employee(s) responsible should stand trial to see if the loopholes are indeed lawful. If not, I think they should be fined or imprisoned, whatever the law allows. I think they should lose all H1B privileges for 2 years and all of their current H1B's should be allowed to move to another US company. Non of that will never happen though. It's only fair, you and I would face trial for shoplifting a $1 candy bar, something paid for by taxpayers that directly benefits corporations through determent, among other things. Absolutely, happens all the time. If a company security team catches you, it's up to the company to press charges, but they can and they do. It includes arrest and trial. Here's an NPR story on it I found with Google. http://www.npr.org/2012/11/15/165218744/busted-what-happens-... Yes, but US labor and citizens fought generations for those wages. Revolutionary War, Civil War, World Wars, company / labor riots, taxes to subsidize industry, taxes for infrastructure, taxes for education, legal systems, all that. US taxpayers paid for our economy through blood and toil. You don't think high wages just happen because companies feel generous do you? I'm not sure what you are trying to say. >Does what your ancestors might have done really make you more deserving of a better life? Look at it this way. I work hard and I pay a lot of taxes. I pay attention to elections and I petition governments because I want an opportunity for a good life for my kids and my kids' kids. I think soldiers who fought in the Civil War certainly wanted a better life for their kids. This has been going on for generations. This generation is the first generation, I think in US history, that isn't expected to have a better life than their parent's generation, excluding possibly the depression. There are more young adults living with their parents since 1880. I'm certainly not anti-immigrant, I think immigrants are the bloodline of the US economy and culture. What I'm against is companies outsourcing labor to other countries to save a little money while excluding US workers for consideration of those jobs. It's the companies I'm dissatisfied with, not the labor. If I was destitute in China or India, I would take those jobs too. It's bad short term planning. Not only is it gutting our market, but China is stealing billions of dollars of our IP for their own use, and that includes military IP. Very few people benefit form this and the cost is great. Had US companies not outsourced and politicians not gutted labor unions, the US market would be much bigger. That's good for big business, small business and labor. Why do you think Trump and Sanders are so popular? There is massive dissatisfaction with opportunity in the US. It's about to bite us in the ass. I think the first programming I did was Turtle Logo, or Apple Logo or whatever it was called. Traditionally it's been Pascal and Basic, but I think those aren't used much anymore. I learned Commodore Basic first then Pascal in High School and CS1 in college. There are two rules of success, one is soft, one is not: 1. Do good work. 2. Don't be an asshole. I just read most of the comments, but I didn't read the article. I was much more interested in the comments. Having said that, if these comments were an audiobook, or a word for word movie script, I'd probably only be through about 5 of them. Words rule! On the other hand, if a picture is worth 1,000 words, a movie must be worth billions! Unfortunately it takes a lot of study of a picture to get 1,000 word out of it. That's a lot of pausing. How about now? The only reason my parents were happy taking me to McDonalds is because I was happy to be at McDonalds. I was the customer, my parents were the employees, and McDonalds was just a facilitator. I have a kid. She loves going to McDonalds. No matter how miserable a person is at work, interacting with a happy and excited kid usually makes them feel, or at least act, a little better. The funny thing is she doesn't even eat the food. I would complain and tell her to eat McDonalds food, then I realized what a bad idea that was. She likes the experience, playground, and the happy meal toys. So, I guess the point is, at McDonalds, when you are a kid, the miserable employees either act or feel less miserable because you're an excited kid. It's kind of a strange exception. Chuck E. Cheese is another example that is similar. Good God, that place is hell on Earth. It is. People came up with the same plan. I believe it was popular with lawyers, but I could be mistaken. Get your degree, file for bankruptcy. Since they can't take your degree away and you have no collateral, there wasn't much they could do. The inability to relieve debt through bankruptcy is a result of that scam. Agreed, but whether or not they manipulate the economy to the benefit of the citizens is another story. The French were the external enemy of the English and subsequently the loyalists in the US. At the time of the Revolutionary War, the French were instrumental in winning it by bombarding English ships en route to the US. At the time of the Revolutionary War, the English were the common enemy of the revolutionaries. It wasn't cut and dry, there were many English loyalists in the colonies at the time of the war. After the US gained independence, most of them fled. >I'm not from USA (or UK) but would love to hear how US and UK people feel about it? I think it sounds like populist grandstanding. We've been hearing that sort of thing for a year now. We (the US) seem to have a lot of people buying into it though. We get to see first hand how stepping back from globalization looks like before we vote for it ourselves come November. I've always wondered what made the C64 so lasting in our memories. My Commodore 64 days were 1986-1990 when I switched to IBM clones. I still hold my C64 days as the "good ole' days," some 26 years later. Perhaps it was because I was young. This is from my personal experience, YMMV. Programs written in Turbo C ran faster than programs written in Turbo Pascal, that's why it lost in the MSDOS world. As an example, WWIV was a very popular BBS in the 80s and early 90s that included source code, so it was popular with a large group of hobbyists. It was originally written in Turbo Pascal but when converted to Turbo C and ran noticeably faster. Other BBSes (Telegard) took WWIV code (allegedly) written in Pascal for their software and they ran slower than the Turbo C version of WWIV. We're talking about 286 4/10Mhz machines with a turbo button, so the difference was noticable. The idea that Turbo C was faster than Turbo Pascal is probably why Pascal lost the MSDOS wars. Visual Basic was marketed better than Delphi, that's why it lost the Windows wars. Delphi was way ahead of it's time. The VCL (the Delphi library) was robust and modern for the TCP/IP stack. There were components for everything. They released a Linux version called Kylix started in the late 90s. Delphi had many features and compiled to machine code, so it was technically superior to VB. It was much faster to develop with than Visual C++ also. Borland got some executives that made some poor branding decisions, like renaming the company to Inprise (??) then naming it back. Once C# gained traction, Delphi slid into obscurity and was purchased by Embarcado. It mainly exists as a tax on companies who haven't migrated to a more common language. I learned Turbo Pascal and Turbo C in middle school by tinkering with BBS code. I was taught CS in High School using Turbo Pascal and again in college. It was a great little language that runs very fast machine code, and served me well. It is very capable for production environments, but I prefer C syntax now a days though. If Pascal prompts a return from web to native, I'd embrace it. Web is significantly more tedious than the RAD tools for native applications it replaced for front end development. Interesting aside, Object Pascal conventions state you should prefix class names with a T (for Type I think). So if are rummaging through an API and you see a lot of types that start with T, you know it was written in a Pascal. Also the legality of abortion (Roe v Wade, 1973) could be a contributing reason. The drop in crime came about 18 - 20 years after abortion was declared a constitutional right. Most crime is caused by teenagers and young adults. What affect started in 1992,1993 that is still happening today? Is it still legal in your country? It was illegal in the US prior to 1973. Great points about the compile speed, I had forgotten. Also, Delphi / Pascal used no header files, which was wonderful. I think 20 years ago, Delphi (Pascal) was far superior to Visual C++. It didn't run noticeably slower but had all the RAD tools for fast development time that VC++ lacked. Too bad Microsoft's juggernaut defeated it with VB. WWIV could have been improved algorithmically between the Pascal and C++ versions, certainly. Also, the fact that the processors of the day were so slow, the difference today would hardly be noticeable unless you ran thousands of iterations and timed them in the code. Regarding: Class Copier { Scanner scanner; Printer printer; function start() { printer.start(); } } --- Placing a Start() in a PoweredDevice base class doesn't make sense in the real world. There are plenty of "powered devices" that don't have start buttons. A phone, a fish tank pump, a smoke alarm, none have a "start." A powered device should have just that, a PowerOn() and PowerOff() or SetPower(bool isOn). I wouldn't even create a PoweredDevice base class unless you have a reason. This is the main fault in your design. Scanner.Start() should return a byte[] which is the result of the scan: byte[] Scanner.Start(); A scanner is an input device. Printer.Start() should take an argument of byte[] as to what it is to print: void Printer.Start(byte[] byteArr); A printer is an output device. Having said that, your Copier class would look like this: Class PoweredDevice { void SetPower(bool isOn) { ... } // Start() doesn't belong here. } Class Copier : PoweredDevice { Scanner scanner; Printer printer; void override SetPower(bool isOn) { printer.SetPower(isOn); scanner.SetPower(isOn); base.SetPower(isOn); } void Start() { byte[] document = scanner.Start(); printer.Start(document); } } This can easily be enhanced to handle copy counts: void Start() { byte[] document = scanner.Start(); for (int x = 0; x Ideally you wouldn't even make an inheritable Start() method. The Scanner class would have a byte[] Scan() method and the Printer class would have a Print(byte[] byteArr) method. You're trying to ram a square peg into a round hole. Use inheritance when it is convenient and makes sense to do so. Don't force it. Think, what does a scanner and a printer have in common that works the same, then put that in your base class. A power button is about it. A lot of inheritance is done backwards. You make your classes then find commonalities and put that in your base class. Only create a base class first if you've thought about your object model and you know the commonalities. Also, there is no reason to make your inheritance chain deep, just because. Build your objects in a way that makes sense. Don't write code or base objects you will never use. You can always insert a class in the chain when necessary. Mastering OOP is hard, and people who have mastered it get paid a lot of money for their skill. It took me a few years to really understand how to design with it. It's invaluable though. A good object model is a thing of beauty, and a hell of a lot of fun to design. Edit: I don't know why the editor won't keep the CR's. Thanks. I felt like Richard in the tab vs. space debate on Silicon Valley. I agree. What I suspect vision founders don't want to hear is that everything that can be done up to this point has already been done. Perhaps not the whole, but the pieces certainly. They don't like this idea because they want to believe their idea is new and groundbreaking. It may very well be, but the pieces aren't. That's where experience comes in. I think he was being sarcastic. I'm nearing 45 and wouldn't want to be 25 again for the world. This is a hammer problem. When all you have is a hammer (arrest) everything is a nail. I think one of the biggest draws to private schools is they typically don't require admissions testing such as SAT, ACT, GMAT, etc. Of course, when you hear "private school," many people think private high schools, which are typically superior to public, particularly in southern US regions. The different is these are "for-profit," which can easily be confused, particularly by someone right out of high school. Finally large marketing expenditures and high pressure sales targeted at people who believe people are required, morally or legally, to be honest. Replace "private" with "for-profit." I conflated the terms a bit. Many people mistake "for-profit" schools for private schools. For profit schools are perfectly fine with the ambiguity. Yes, and I believe many colleges make it intentionally difficult. My Calc I class was given by an instructor with a heavy Asian accent. I had to struggle to understand every other word. My Chemistry for Engineers class was in a large classroom that was under construction. Needless to say, I went for MIS instead of CS/EE. I ended up taking many CS classes, so it worked out well. On a side note, teaching is really difficult. Knowledge of the subject is the minor skill. My parents were teachers and I considered it in college but didn't have the patience. In my experience, automated testing is best on engine / backend type projects while manual testing works best on user facing projects. If the purpose of your code is automation, as in an engine, EDI, etc, automated testing works best. If the purpose of your code is manual user interaction, manual, human testing is best. You can get away with 100% manual testing, but you can't get away with 100% automated testing. YMMV. A few points just for fun: 1. Christianity, the group who builds Cathedrals, is probably the most profitable organization in the history of mankind. 2. Bazaars blow away when the wind picks up. If too many people show up, things start falling down. Cathedrals, and their close cousins, castles, last centuries. 3. I think Bazaars have their place, when you really need to ramp up something to show. We used to call that prototyping. If it gets past that, you gotta build it right eventually. Well, in all fairness, that's a 30+ year old codebase. There have been a lot of fingers in there and a lot of hard deadlines. So why not run it through reporters and if they bury the story, then release it. Snowden ran his story through reporters and it certainly wasn't buried. The media is spinning it and reporting it now. I'm fine with the release, I'm not fine with essentially doxxing all the donors. Also, Assange is currently putting his own spin on it implying the DNC staffer that died was murdered. Talk about the pot calling the kettle black. I agree with this. There is no vast media conspiracy. If nothing else, Fox would be all over it, as would the tabloid (most of these days) media. There's no honor among thieves. >I think what you mean is they're implying motive and conspiracy. Yes, thanks for correcting that. Businesses have been doing everything in their power to reduce the cost of programmers. Offshoring, lobbying the H1B system, Agile, get everyone to code initiatives, overly broad non-competes, etc. One day they will get it, but they haven't figured it out yet. Imagine how much programmers would make if they were unionized. I would imagine at least double. I would imagine they have much better social safety nets than in the US. In the US, if you are unable to work, for whatever reason, you are pretty much on your own. I wouldn't think so. Previous unions started one company at a time. If the company has US workers who are willing to unionize, the union has instant power to block or limit many attempts to gut the workforce through offshoring, etc. Yes, you can keep plenty busy with things that don't pay. Art, traveling, gardening, exercising, etc. In fact, most of those things get pushed aside when people work. There is a huge confirmation bias. You only hear about the horror stories, while people who are perfectly fine are afraid to admit so much, because of social stigmas and prejudices. Hell most companies require a drug screening as a condition of employment. People who smoke pot aren't going to come out and mention it at the water cooler for fear of retribution. I was talking with a co-worker about US laws in general and he mentioned something I'd never thought of. Many of the laws we pass, speed limits, alcohol tax, prohibition, .08 legal driving limit, etc are designed for the lowest common denominator. Meaning, we pass laws based on the worst case scenario. It seems like it's illegal to do just about anything these days. It's easy to be happy. Read a book about life in a WWI trench, read a book about a former slave, read a book about the plague. Go visit an old folks home. Read about parents who lost their kids in a tragic accident. Just remembering those things make me realize that I should be happy with what I have. Think of it this way. One day, guaranteed, you will have at least one very serious problem. Be happy that day isn't today. Study history and realize how much worse your life could be, random or not, and be happy you aren't in that hell. An old yet succinct term would be, "count your blessings." You should find things to be thankful for every day. Your health, your family, the fact that you aren't starving. The fact that you have access to clean water. And for Christ's sake, stop consuming news for a while. If you have to worry, pick the top 3 things to worry about and ditch the rest. I did that for many years. It made me better at my craft, at least until the next "big new way of thinking" comes around. I've recently stopped when I've come to the realization how precious time and experiencing good health is. You only have so many days on this earth. Don't sell them all to someone else on the pretense that it makes you be able to sell them all to someone else for a little more money. Compared to most US news, the BBC is a shining star. You should watch some 24 hour US news sometime. Fox News, CNN or MSNBC are designed for the lowest common denominator. Honestly, in the US, you will be destitute unless you are immensely wealthy. Nursing homes cost $100K a year today, imagine what they will cost when it's your time to be in one. Insurance doesn't cover it, neither does Obamacare. If you go the Medicaid route, they will take all your income and assets minus your house and car, assuming they are paid for. It gets depressing fast, enjoy it as much as you can until that day comes. I think there is more to a degree than that, but you make a good point. Now a days, instead of trying to figure out a problem, coders try to figure out which framework has already figured out the problem. It allows for less experienced people to get things done, but limits you to being able to mortar together bricks rather than make bricks. The problem arises when you need to make bricks. You don't necessarily need a CS degree to make bricks, but you need to learn most things taught with a CS degree. I read an article the other day where police placed a bicycle unlocked in a public place, then watched it. Once someone took off with it, they arrested him. Since he didn't plea bargain, the judge gave him 3 years. A couple things: 1. I would think either a fine or a 30 day sentence is more than enough. 2. I think it's bad for society in general for police to actively bait people into committing crimes. 3. That's about $150,000 of taxpayer dollars for a $100 bicycle. 4. Unrelated but important. In the US, it's legal for police to lie to you about your rights, what evidence they have, or anything really. I believe that is bad for society as well. I think a prison sentence on someone's record will make them more likely to repeat the crime. With the criminal record, minimum wage, or close to, are the only options available. Also, it's human nature to believe you won't get caught. If someone thought they were likely to get caught, they wouldn't do it. Thirdly, what makes you think a 3 year sentence would deter someone from doing it any more than a 30 day sentence would? I'm sure the person didn't even realize stealing a bicycle carried a 3 year sentence. For deterrence to work, a person must know the punishment for the crime. Also, the 3 year sentence doesn't fit the crime. At some point, it becomes cruel and unusual. I think locking a person up for 3 years for stealing an unlocked bicycle that the police planted trying to bait someone into stealing it is cruel and certainly unusual. It's also pretty darn close to entrapment. What if police left a penny on the sidewalk and arrested anyone who picked it up and locked them away for 3 years? How much different is that from the scenario I described? How about a quarter? How about a $20? What denomination would make 3 years and arguable entrapment acceptable? Finally, we have a deterrence paradox. If the US houses the largest prison population in the world, why are there people still stealing bicycles? On the other hand, if crime is at an all time low, why are we still locking people up at an increasing rate every year? If it was, why are there so many bike thieves? >What difference then does it make it if is 30 days or 3 years? Because a 3 year gap in your work history is much harder to explain than a 30 day one. Also, when someone runs a background check and sees that a hire was imprisoned for 3 years, they will think the crime was much worse than it was. >Not necessarily, some people who know that with high probability they will get caught still perform crimes; drug addiction can be quite powerful. At a first glance, I would think that substance abuse treatment/improvement in mental health facilities can help here. That's an exception that proves the rule. Drug addiction isn't rational thought. >But in my view, your proposed solution does not do much either to the problem of deterrence. I think prison terms as deterrence is an illusion. Prison terms as punishment which may have a secondary result of future deterrence is more likely. >What if the police simply want to install a tracker, in order to investigate the possibility that the theft is being performed by an organized ring which regularly steals bikes, in which case a 3 year sentence could fit the crime? Standard bikes do not come with trackers; this will require active intervention. You are simply adding complexity to the same immorality. >I fail to see why there should be a blanket "no to entrapment" in the case of police, but continue to allow it for civilians. Police can and do arrest you. There are privacy laws in the US against such things, or at least there were. >I don't have an answer to this. On the other hand, in my view your proposals do not either. As I stated earlier, I don't believe deterrence is the primary reason for sentencing. It's punishment for a crime. >Long before that is the case, there'd be no incentive for the manufacturer to sell the car at all; they'd make more money just pushing the button themselves the minute the car rolled off the assembly line. If they sold a car, they get profit immediately. If they kept the car for their own fleet, it would take longer to earn the same profit and then add additional overhead of maintaining the fleet, the reservation system, refunds, additional litigation, etc. Also, if the market is super saturated, they can sell cars to companies unable to make a profit. The manufacturer still gets the sale even thought the car doesn't realize a profit through a fleet. The smart move would be to sell cars and also keep a fleet. It really depends on how well they could manage the fleet being a car manufacturer. They are quite different businesses and you don't get much overlap, other than the vehicle at cost and perhaps maintenance parts. The even smarter move would be to franchise the fleet so you push off the management and operating costs but increase your sales and take part of the profit for branding, advertising, etc. The fleet would of course cross brand the vehicles. Maybe, depends on what the overhead is and if you sell that car to yourself at cost or not. Fleets could be an ultra low margin business. You also have to take into account inflation. Also, when companies don't "stick to the knitting," they often don't as well as their core business because an SVP of Tesla marketing has different skills than an SVP of Hertz marketing. Certainly a higher risk than just selling a car and taking the profits immediately. A car rental company could do that even better than a car manufacturer. The salaries listed for a senior programmer that gauge how much H1Bs are paid are obnoxiously low. Last time I looked, I was shocked. When the average salaries listed are lower than anyone other than junior programmers, they get H1Bs for cheaper. Also, the companies can hire a person as a front line support and pay them accordingly, but actually have them doing system development or design. Big businesses in the macro sense, seem willing to do anything to cheat the system to drive down costs and subsequently wages. I do think raising the cap will help. You are absolutely right. The people who make those decisions aren't paid for quality, they are paid to cut costs. They will offshore their entire departments, get a huge bonus, then cut and run to do it to the next company before it all comes crashing down. There are success stories, but those success stories of H1B aren't the ones that pay bare minimum. Companies who pay top dollar for H1B get the great ones. The companies who pay bottom dollar get shut down in 5 years. You'd figure after 20+ years of this, executives would learn, but they don't care to. They are incentivized for precisely what they do. We're talking about labor, specifically programming, not cost of materials. It doesn't really work that way. You can hire 1 top notch guy for $200K a year and produce a better product faster than 10 guys at $50,000 a year. You are assuming that developers are cogs. They are not assembly line workers, they are more like authors. Programming is a creative endeavor. The issue is really two fold: 1. Execs think that programmers are cogs and one is just as good as the other. 2. Many companies can't keep good developers because they are hell holes and the culture doesn't even know how to promote creativity. I believe the reason is so they can make them thinner. >If I used them now what if I get flu later in the year? Walk into the head of HR's office and tell them about it. Make sure you become a close talker and linger around a few minutes. Maybe leave a tissue in the trash can. They probably came up with the policy. If you don't get anywhere, go into your boss's office and their boss' office and do the same. Definitely don't go to your peer's office / cube. It's funny, I've been in the industry so long and I usually stay at places 5+ years, so I've been able to skip quite a few trends. When new guys come in, I'll ask about the stuff I've skipped wondering if they are still relevant. Sometimes they are and sometimes I hear things like, "oh, that's so old, this is the new thing." >What is it about the Commodore/AmigaOS brand that is worth resurrecting? Nostalgia, and you can't really resurrect nostalgia. I loved my Commodores when I was growing up, but times have changed. The BBS software that I ran and modded are long gone, the friends I would post with are long gone, the doors would be fun for about 5 minutes. It was great, but it's like meeting a great childhood friend that you haven't seen in 20 years. Most of the time, it's fun to reminisce, but there's nothing new there. We've both changed. The first off the top of my head is over the top DA's and police backed by a general authoritarian political class. The drug war is what gives these type of police the justification for their actions. The drug war will be our undoing. I took a counter once. When you're miserable at a place, for whatever reason, a big pay raise will make you forget it for about 4 months, then you'll be miserable again. Life is too short to be miserable 8+ hours a day. That's not a counter offer, that's asking for a raise. Counter offer is when you get an offer from another company and tell your boss you want to leave, but your boss makes a counter offer to keep you to stay. Yes, I suppose a counter offer doesn't require notice, just another offer, real or imaginary. Yes, that's another unfortunate thing HR does. If I'm so miserable that I've actively sought, interviewed and received an offer, I'm gone. Like someone else alluded to, most shitty jobs aren't shitty because of pay. I've worked at 2 companies in the last 14 years and they both got really shitty after being acquired by a private equity firm. It usually takes 2 years until it's unbearable. I stayed so long because they were wonderful jobs; work and pay; and growing like wildfire before the M&A. In my experience, all raises are based off your hiring salary. You start at $100K, you gets several 10% raises, you end up at $100Kx1.10. If you start at $75%, same thing. $75Kx1.10. Rinse and repeat. After 5 years, you are significantly behind based on that initial negotiation. Also, I've read never take the first offer. YMMV. >your employer is given cause to question your loyalty and may be more suspicious of your contributions moving forward. This sentiment has been expressed by MS CEO Satya Nadella and I'm sure it's popular in other management circles. Haven't they laid off around 20,000 people in the past few years? Seems like MS as a company wants to have it both ways, as I'm sure many do. That and the economic recession where lots of people who had vehicles were now trying to make ends meet. Also, they paid their drivers better initially until they build up their driver network. Of course leveraging the media helped and a symphony of other things all pushed them to where they are now. I'm late GenX. I used to swear like a sailor at work (and everywhere really) until I had a kid and I actively had to mitigate the use of my preferred expletives. A lot of fricks and dangs these days. My favorite? "Poop on a stick." That's a good one, I'll have to remember to add it to my repertoire. Cynically, I think it's because the constitution implies journalists freedoms that certain public figures would prefer the general citizenry not have. >Salary ranges on job listings benefit employers not employees. I guess that's why most companies in the US don't list salaries, out of the goodness of their hearts. Ranges on jobs benefit employees. It's simple negotiation. You want the other person to put out the first number. If the employer is thinking $100K for a position, but a qualified candidate starts with $80K, they just saved $20K a year. If they put $100K, they started first, so an employee who would have taken $80K now gets $100K. As a side note, all IT people should watch Pawn Stars, American Pickers or any reality show that is part negotiation. It will give you a feel of small things to help negotiate. If all IT people learned to negotiate better, everyone's salaries would go up. We used this in the BBS days. C-Net in the C64 days, then WWIV when I switched to PC clones in 1990. Both platforms had full source code available. It's where I cut my teeth. I have one of those keyboards and love it, but it's too noisy when sharing a room. It can also be used as a highly effective weapon if need be. I currently use the CODE keyboard. It's ok. I'm trying not to sound snarky, but: different strokes for different folks. Who are you to tell someone how to spend their money? Just basic common sense. Ok, that was a little snarky. I would love a phone that I could plug into a dock and use just like a regular computer. I was certain that's what Microsoft was going after with their Windows 8 release. I'm not sure why they aren't pursuing it. I think I read somewhere that Intel dropped their mobile chip line. But their memory is magical. It sure beats being in Europe 100 years ago. It was the Snowden revelations that finally had a serious affect on me. I still enjoy creating things, but the internet has soured. Work is up and down, mostly down. A new job at the right place will fix that though. Peak oil refers to production, meaning once we reach peak, we will never be able to extract more from currently known means. Oil is funny. There is plenty of oil, but much of it is too difficult to harvest from an economic standpoint. That's what makes shale oil techniques such a breakthrough. It's economically easier to get to what was once not. From Wiki. Peak oil, an event based on M. King Hubbert's theory, is the point in time when the maximum rate of extraction of petroleum is reached, after which it is expected to enter terminal decline. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peak_oil >It's also worth noting that "too difficult to harvest from an economic standpoint" is a moving target. Good note. Oil is fairly inelastic. I would say terminal velocity on that would be just before it costs the same amount of energy to extract energy. That can be converted to dollars just as well. That's a good thing about renewable and alternate energy, it erodes that inelasticity so when terminal velocity hits, we aren't all breeding horses again. https://metropolis.dysr.com - centralized, automated SFTP / GPG / Zip tool for Windows environments. I believe Agile (at least as thought of by management) is designed to make programmers interchangeable. If programmers are interchangeable, they are easily replaceable. We just started doing "by the book" Agile with daily stand ups. Now that you mention it, it does feel like I'm being micro managed. Put in your time every day so we can email everyone the burn down chart. Lets add some more pressure to the job if you are behind a day. There are no milestones, just an endless grind. I don't know why programmers don't push back against that stuff. Yes, that's also the primary reason EpiPen can charge so much for their device. Their competitors' products were blocked / backlogged by the FDA. http://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2016/09/01/49223579... I didn't intend to suggest throwing out the FDA. I was just making a point that, like everything, it isn't perfect and can be improved. The point that EpiPen was given temporary monopoly by the FDA was almost completely lost in most of the news stories I read. It's a facet of the story that I think is important, but left out. To be an informed citizenry, we need to know all the angles and be able to filter the BS. Kudo's to NPR for bothering to get the full story. I drive an SUV. I work 10 minutes from my house and remote 2 days a week. I fill up the tank of about 20 gallons once a month. Because I live in a hot state and if I walked or rode 10 miles to work everyday I'd stink to high heaven. NPR is also a good source. The GOP has been trying to defund them since Bush took office in 2000. C# is a lot different today than it was 7 years ago. You might be in for a shock. The nice thing is you can develop it today as you did 7 years ago, but with heavy use of lambdas and var, it reads almost like another language. WinForms are still the fastest way to develop complex applications as well. From soup to nuts, it's probably the pinnacle of front end development. Trends started going from WinForms to web around 2000 as pushback against Microsoft so here we are today. I still think from a business standpoint, it was a very expensive thing to do. Also, most managers won't act on anything they can't measure directly. I take it as an opinion. He's trying to sell that opinion. What he's leaving out is: 1. Leaky abstractions 2. Software bloat (using a massive framework to solve a simple problem) 3. Oops, I picked a lemon, now lets roll back all that glue code. 4. Code dependencies. 5. Upgrade hell. It's a fad, it too shall pass, assuming programmers still remember how to program non-trivial things after the fad. I used Thinkpads before switching to Macs in 2008 or so. I still have my 2013 rMBP and don't plan on replacing it anytime soon. The Thinkpads are/were great Windows computers. I'm not sure if that is still the case. I have one for work and the F2 key is already detaching and my nub mouse stopped working this morning. I suspect after being accustomed the MacBooks, any Windows machine will have irritating issues you will have to get over. I was always leery of Facebook and what it did with data. After the Snowden revelations, I only used LinkedIn for career related reasons. I make sure to never post too personal, identifiable information on forums. My real name returns google results, but they are very sparse. It's crazy out there and the consequences are real. As for the premise of the article, I can see how your brain craves immediate relief from boredom. That's really what it is, right? My work is fairly interesting to me, so I've never had the overwhelming and constant desire to distract myself from it. Perhaps a few articles here and there for a mental break. It has certainly given me a long and gainful career that I otherwise wouldn't have had if I had become a teacher or Accountant like I had planned. My work ethic was mostly shaped by high school athletics, but perhaps codified (pun intended) by programming. Swap out some brand names and that's almost exactly what I'm building right now. Micro services! Let's make everything like that now! I miss WinForms. It really depends on the state / region. He promised a lot of things. If I had to pick one of the biggest ones, it would be: Automation, globalization, and anti-unionization have been pushing down wages for 30+ years. Government policies by both parties seem to do nothing but speed up the process, particularly in globalization. The only thing the Dems had to offer was social safety net, but most people would rather have better paying jobs. The Republicans only offered rhetoric and an extra helping of anti-unionization. Also, I don't think a vote for Trump is for the GOP or their policies. The GOP was the platform Trump used to get elected (as he slashed and burned their policies). I think the vote was anti-establishment (anti-GOP and anti-Dem). It could be a sign of just how economically desperate many people in the red areas are. Also, it's very difficult / rare for a party to get a third term in recent history. Because most polls showed Hillary winning or winning by a landslide. I would buy a Windows phone that I could put on a dock and use like my desktop (but understandably slower). That's where it is going (or should be), and that is where MS has the advantage. Processor improvements are mostly going to efficiency rather than raw power these days, so time is on their side. Being able to carry your computer around and put it in a "desktop dock," or "laptop dock" would be amazing. It will make having separate phone apps and computer apps seem as kludgy as carrying an iPod, a computer and a flip phone was. They're really close too. Shrink the surface a bit, make it cooler and put a cell radio on it. Boom! Most of the things mentioned annoy me too and I've been doing this for going on 20 years now. Perhaps move into a different industry that uses tech but is not tech. Some companies appreciate 10+ year code. (Code you write that you expect to last 10+ years). Churn and burn code fits SV right now. VC's invest in hundreds of companies expecting only a few to make good money. It makes sense to only build enough product that proves the business model / concept. If the business model is bad, it's better to have paid less to build it than spend more for solid code. Solid code costs time and money. Traditional companies that use tech want a product build well that has low maintenance costs and will last them 10+ years. They are more willing to build a tight application rather than a loose one because their business model is already proven. Fear sells better than anything. You would think the liberal papers would get more clicks talking about how Trump was winning. Also, if Hillary voters think the election is in the bag, more would stay home versus if they thought it was close. Perhaps polling is just more or less accurate because fewer people take part in polls. It's based on assumptions as he described: "Economics has been subject to criticism that it relies on unrealistic, unverifiable, or highly simplified assumptions, in some cases because these assumptions simplify the proofs of desired conclusions. Examples of such assumptions include perfect information, profit maximization and rational choices." https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economics Try your team lead. Don't expect long philosophical conversations, but if they do a code review, make sure to ask "why?". Not like, "why, you dumbass?" but "why did you make that decision, what are the pro's and con's?" I used to send emails to my favorite professors just to say hi, or to ask questions, I'm sure they enjoyed the conversation as much as I did. This sounds like a place programmers go to die. Totally agree. Building a usable, shippable, commercial grade product and actually getting people to pay you money for it is quite an ordeal. An enormous amount of attention needs to be paid to get a product nobody cares about installed, even for free. Even after the sale, you have to provide support which will run at a loss until you reach a customer threshold. The SaaS and subscription model evens out the revenue spikes, but you still have to make the sales. A salesman, I am not. I suppose I should learn how to do it, but I don't have much passion for the sales side of business. FOSS folks probably wouldn't like my stuff. It's Windows based. The site looks fine. I can easily pay $0-$10 to get a super nice HTML5 site that would look great because it was made by a professional designer, then tweak it a little to make it look somewhat unique in a 10th of the time. Eye candy sells, but it is cheap. Most people would be better suited concentrating on back end abilities; it's generally a much more valuable skill set. I'm not sure where all this process came from, but it sure does cost the business a ton of money without much return. I would theorize it could be an attempt to abstract the developer from the business process so the business isn't so beholden to one or a handful of people. On a side note, I embrace source control. It allows me to run down a rabbit hole and not worry about having to get myself out of it. To the OP: Look at popular code bases and see how they are organized. Run your debugger through them and see how they work. Organization is the key to maintainability. DRY (Don't repeat yourself) and KISS (Keep it simple, stupid) are your friend. Like anything, the more you do, the better you will become. 6. Anything important is obfuscated anyway. Most of what we get now is mostly just emotional filler. And decades of people like Limbaugh blatantly misrepresenting issues like Sandra Fluke's testimony since the 80s. The "alt-right" news phenomenon isn't anything new. Hop onto any forum website's political section and you'll get plenty of links to crazy. Been that way since at least W. Probably since Drudge and the Monica Lewinsky thing. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rush_Limbaugh–Sandra_Fluke_con... I've noticed that ever since the election result, it seems like the NYT has completely lost their minds, nothing but doom and gloom. At least wait until something happens to report on rather than rampant speculation. I'm so sick of hearing about Trump. Isn't there any news fit to print? I remember when Hillary started using the term "alt-right" on the campaign trail, as if it were something different than the typical Fox / Drudge / Limbaugh drivel. It seems as though she was trying to protect the GOP from the master it created by disassociating it somehow. It's the same ole same ole, just evolved. Our company uses mostly legacy C# and .NET frameworks on premises with a mix of SQL Server and Oracle. We're building a new app using WebAPI / MVC with a SQL Server backend that will be hosted in Azure. For what it's worth, Ethics was a required course for an undergrad business degree in my college in the 90s. I'm not sure if it still is. Ethics is easily thrown out the window once some executives falsely proclaim that they are required by law to do what's best for shareholders. Since shareholders have a minimal voice outside large holders, it's easy for those executives to claim, "the shareholders want profits, period." Of course, they don't mention that executives want bonuses too. An interesting thing about ethics when you study History. When asked how they could indiscriminately kill Jews during the Holocaust, Nazis usually claimed the first few times were difficult, but the acts became a matter of course; normal as anything else in their day. In that same war, the Soviets committed brutal atrocities of the German cities they conquered, as did the Japanese in China. Every country has committed heinous acts in their history. Once it starts, inhumanity can spread like wildfire. We as developed world citizens believe we are civilized, and for the most part we are; but we are only a stones throw away from being capable of casually committing what we would think of as atrocities as the norm. I agree with you, but perhaps the novelty of those old games help to make them immersive when we were kids. Once the novelty wears off, they lost that feeling. I'm not sure why you are getting so many down votes, it's a legitimate point. We tend to forget that it was Obama who was in his second term when the Snowden revelations hit the papers. It was Obama who approved the drone strikes on US citizens. It was Obama who was in charge during Manning's court martial, conviction and sentencing. I appreciate the complexities of each decision, but it shows he understood and accepted the usefulness of the systems in place. Hillary is a hawk, I don't recall her speaking out against the NSA or drone strikes. I do recall Feinstein, a senior Democrat Chair in the Senate politicking for surveillance. It seems Trump is less interventionist that what we've seen in the past 30 years from both parties in Congress. Perhaps that in and of itself will lessen the massiveness of our surveillance systems, perhaps not. If you take a step back, realize that political parties are private entities that try to get their members elected into power, and they spend a lot of money convincing the citizenry they are the right choice. If it were Exxon-Mobile doing the same thing, you would have pause, even if they were saying the right things. I'm not saying that Trump's administration will not be a complete disaster, but that remains to be seen. Yes, I'm aware of that, but being Secretary of State and putting candidates in elections every year while only allowing 1 other real competitor (the other party) to compete are completely different levels. Imagine if there was the Republican party and the Exxon-Mobile party. Wow, I just saw that in the headlines. I suspect that's what Congress has in store for Trump if he gets out of hand. Either that or impeachment for something. They have their perfect guy waiting to take his place. >1) As a software person your are employed to Solve Business Problems - NOT to write code, NOT to write tests, NOT to hack on platforms, NOT to be Agile. Solve the problem (or add the feature) - never lose sight of this. I couldn't agree more with this. When I was very young, I secretly wondered why people would pay me money to play with computers all day. Once I understood why, I was able make myself more valuable because I understood why I was valuable. >I just throw crap at the wall and see what sticks, EE and stuff like that is real engineering. That's one of the things I really love about writing software. You don't have to plan too much before you start to see some results and so you can really get creative quickly. If your thinking was wrong, just undo and try another angle. I wonder how much of this has to do with the dot bomb in 2001. It washed a lot of my generation (GenX) out our technology. Triggered :) You can tell it was a tabloid style article by the headline: "Drug firms poured..." >Which is about 72 per year, per person. That doesn't sound unreasonable. I would guess the average prescription is 2-4 a day per person per year. You would think someone would be aware enough to do a code review of a newly hired junior developer pushing production code for the first time. It's a shame that this journalist, trying to make a name for themselves, feels it's perfectly OK to manipulate the numbers so that it sounds like it's worse than it is. When people read this dramatic account, who don't bother examining the numbers get it in their heads that "something must be done!" it's the people who are in chronic pain that suffer. Also, since this is coal country, I assume black lung plays a big part in the need for these scripts. As an aside, I have a family member who had a horrific injury who is on a pain killer script. This person isn't allowed to take an extra pill on days when the pain is worse than normal because the DEA is cracking down so hard on this, her doctor is afraid to subscribe over the government imposed "limit." Pretty sad. Her doctor even suggested she go to a pain clinic because he is concerned about getting heat for total subscriptions. Didn't we learn anything from the immensely stupid and still ongoing drug war? F k this journalist. Look at it this way, 15% of the US population smokes. Let's say they smoke a pack a day, 20 cigarettes. If I presented that data to the population as a whole as this journalist is doing, it would be "The US population smokes up to 3 cigarettes per person per day," which is technically true based on the math applied, but grossly misleading. 15*20/100 = 3. They are applying a number of a subset of the population to the entire population. It's very misleading. Edit: This journalist is also citing per year statistics, so take my math and multiply by 365, so that would be, "the US population smokes up to 1,095 cigarettes per person per year." The larger number implies that it is much worse. To add a little spice, I could say, "The US population smokes 1,095 cigarettes per year for every man, woman and child," which is exactly the same data set, but it's now implying that children are 1/3 of the people who smoke. Also most people don't envision a 17 year old as a child, so it further implies that young children (say 5-12) smoke. The saddest part of this whole story is that this is what we can expect from serious journalism in this day and age. Gotta have their clicks! Sedatives are different. Also people who are on painkillers lose the "high" after a while, so for the most part, they are normal functioning people, which is the idea. Also, as an aside, take into account that there are 5+ million car accidents a year. I would guess that is or at least is one of the leading causes of chronic pain in the US. I have a 2009 MacPro and Apple has marked it obsolete, so the latest OS won't install (without a little fiddling). I like the new MacPro (2013?) but the proprietary SSD socket is a real turn off as is having to buy two expensive CAD cards that I don't need. I was hoping the prices would come down on the used / refurb market, but they haven't very much. I've all but stopped coding with it (Xcode); the app store is too saturated to have a realistic chance of making money without a massive marketing budget. I can't bring myself to buy an iMac without being able to use it as a monitor once it's obsolete. Perhaps the Apple allure has worn off for me. If they could do this with a phone (x86/x64), or at least something with a cellular radio, they would hit it out of the park. I want a laptop that is just a dock with a phone slot in it. A desktop as well. Slide the phone in and instant form factor change with ports, GPU, extra HDD/SDD, etc. I think they spend a whole lot of energy on the iWatch and it didn't pan out the way they hoped. Is it possible for x86/x64 to approach the efficiency of ARM over time, or does the CISC vs RISC make that nearly impossible? I read a while ago that Intel abandoned their mobile chips. The broad, rapid American growth has a lot to do with the fact that Europe and the Far East was in complete ruins after WWII and the US was in the immediate position to rebuild Europe. Remember, right before the mid century prosperity, we were in a massive depression caused by the "Roaring 20s" which was fueled by another smoldering Europe. The time period before WWI; the late 1800s and early 1900s were pretty bleak. Before that, the North was fairly prosperous but the South was under reconstruction, so that region was pretty bleak as well. Of course, there is plenty of wealth to go around today, it's just concentrated due to a war on the middle class by industry, aided by goverment, dating back to at least Reagan. Let me clarify. The primary debt issuance was debt taken by people doing stock market speculation. The joke at the time was that if your shoe shine boy was asking you about stocks, something weird is about to happen. The agriultural overproduction was a result of the drop in market prices for goods, so the farmers ramped up production to make up for it, ignoring good farming practices, notably proper tilling and crop / land rotation which resulted in the deterioration of the top soil (dust bowl). All of this happened in the Roaring 20s. As far as before the 20s, you had WWI and the industry kings manipulating the markets. They were doing fine, but the people working under them weren't. This was the era of industrialization, child labor and The Jungle. It was wonderful if you were an industry titan, but bleak for most everyone else. Anyway, my point being, the great prosperity we experienced after WWII was more of an anomaly that anything else. I believe it was sustainable through smart regulation and government investment among other things, but interests have been working hard to bring us back to where we were before. IMO, this isn't good advise, it sounds like dating advise (don't call her for 2 days!). This is how I prefer it: 1. Recommendation from a friend. 2. Sit down over lunch or something and chat with the boss. 3. Decision to offer is made, start date and compensation is set. 4. Done. Any lingering, any delay only increase the chances of it not working out. I'm the same way. A full day interview is just silly, multiple day interviews, no way. Look at my resume, meet me, decide, make an offer. If it doesn't work out, fire me, but don't play this silly game of multiple interviews with multiple people that don't really talk to each other or coordinate. It makes the company look like they don't know what they are doing and/or are indecisive. You can keep that. I agree. If it's between two companies that pay "competitive rates," and one company wants me to interview for an hour and one company wants me to interview for a day, I'm not going to waste a day. If you were paying 2x rates or real equity, ya I'd slog through a day long interview, but I bet you aren't. What does your company have to offer that would compel me to spend 8 hours interviewing that another company doesn't? >who aren't interested in your company, just interested in a job Every founder thinks their company is great. People who want jobs will happily reinforce that delusion to get the job. Some companies are better than others, but most of it is really boring stuff. I guarantee that everyone working at your company is there because they need a job. I could see that in a similar manner of wanting to quit your job. You make moves so that it can happen quickly, you save up some cash, you make some calls, but you don't pull the trigger so to speak until you just can't take it anymore; something pushes you over the edge. But that doesn't really matter, does it? I mean we now know we're being spied on either directly, or indirectly (wink wink). Data collection is spying. Metadata collection is spying. It's happening; both parties vigorously support it; and it's most likely unconstitutional. That's what matters. I'll give it a whack: Management of local newspapers. Management of record stores. Management of video rental stores. Certain facets of network administration. Certain facets of software development. Preparing legal documents. Scientific lab work. Accounting. Investment brokers. Tax preparation. Marketing. Payroll. Basically any business app is only worth something because it makes workers more efficient through automation. There are a lot of business apps that 4 year folks use. Also, you are missing the point when you require "automated away completely." It's not binary. If getting something done used to require 100 people and now it requires 10, multiply that against 20,000 companies and you have a huge hole. The risk of automation isn't completely removing people, it's requiring less people across many career paths. This is true, but I assume you are referring to the Baby Boomers. That generation wasn't so much a bulge as it was a boom, meaning the boomers also had at least as many children as they were (average 2 kids per couple). When the next generation goes to retirement, it will be just as large. I guess what I'm saying is if you believe the participation rate will increase because a large group of people are retired and the next generation is smaller, it isn't. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demography_of_the_United_State... I loved Metallica until the whole Napster thing. Who am I kidding, their music is still great for hardcore heads down coding. Nine Inch Nails too. It's more how it was done. It was watching Metallica who made their money selling rebellion and raw emotion turn into litigious corporatists. It was a real generation clash. Image is everything. What are you a record company shill or something? Yes, you are correct, even accounting for immigration. GenX is of course larger than the Greatest Generation and the Lost Generation that preceded the boomers. We will get a little labor participation relief, but not much. GenX is still significantly larger than the generations proceeding the boomers. I never said I disagreed with their claims, I said I disagreed with the way Metallica handled it. It's the first approximation of the Streisand effect that I can recall. But I do disagree with the constant extension of copyright duration, which is a legal monopoly originally granted for 14 years optionally renewable for another 14. Now it's life of the author plus 70 years. This is of course mostly done for intrenched interests that can afford to lobby congress for their benefit and the detriment to society as a whole. As I'm sure you are aware, the concept of copyright is to grant temporary legal monopoly to incentivize and reward creation but to ultimately benefit the public by releasing it to public domain after 28 years. Now it can be 100+ years. All the benefit of monopoly, but no meaningful benefit to the public. If copyright laws were as they were originally intended, all Metallica from their founding to ...Justice would be public domain now. Finally, anything copyrighted after 1978 will probably never be public domain in our lifetimes. How is that beneficial to society? Monopolies are bad, especially life long ones granted by the government. Furthermore, copyrights for software are very weak. I can clone Excel all day long as long as I don't copy their code. Software patents were designed as a copyright of sorts for software ideas, but look at what a disaster that turned into. So technically, as soon as you or your company releases a product, I can probably clone it to my heart's content, unless you have a patent that will hold up. Why are you bringing up 15 year old talking points? It just goes to show much much Metallica is married to the idea of copyright rather than their music, again to their net detriment. Having a rich daddy is probably the largest influence in someone's chances of being rich themselves, at least in the US. I see money as freedom. My ultimate goal is to save enough so that I don't have to work. Eventually, that will be the case, hopefully not on my deathbed. If the majority of the population thought that way, we'd have an economic collapse though, so forget what I said. Can you give a breakdown of what you've found to be the percentages "the formula?" I'm honestly curious. I enjoy work as well. Eventually you will work at a job that was great, but through acquisition or whatever, it turns terrible and you will feel trapped because it pays well but the people you work for are less than ideal for many reasons. Most of the work we have to do is not life changing or world changing, or even makes the world a slightly better place for anyone other than the ownership. One day you might want to fully explore a new technology or framework, but your current work environment isn't interested and you aren't well versed enough, or there aren't any jobs in your area related to that technology. Spending time after work is an option, but when you get older and have a family, the harder that is. To me money is freedom to not have to work, or be able to work on what I want to work on, explore what I want to explore, etc. You're welcome, and for what it's worth, I wasn't the one down voting you. Ya, standard is 2 weeks starting off, then it increases over the years. You also usually have to actually accrue those two weeks over an entire year. Usually caps out at around 5 weeks or so. For me it isn't the PTO. Say I want to interview at 10 companies to see which is the best fit. That's 10 days of interviewing. If they are all 3 day interviews, that's an entire month. I get tired of talking to people about nothing after an hour. If someone wants to bring 5 people for me to talk to about smalltalk and nothing really of substance, I won't do very well. 20 years ago, a friend who worked for a guy who would hire 10 people then after a few weeks, fire most of the ones leaving just the best. I live in an "at will" state. I guess most people just don't have the stomach for that sort of thing, so they try to make up for it with 3 days of doing nothing really relevant to the job. >It's astonishing to me that I hit Ctrl-F and searched for "sandbox" and "software compartmentalization" and there are no hits in that doc. They use the term container. It's a subheading: 2.2.1 Operating System Containers "...Container-based isolation can clearly reduce the impact of software vulnerabilities if the isolation is strong enough." I think the idea of using micro services is that lessens the surface area of what you need to harden. In other words, it's easier to harden a simple service that just does one or a few things versus hardening a complex monolithic application. I'd liken it to OOP encapsulation or the idea behind linux executables. I don't believe economic collapse will yield a better society. If we can get from the consumeristic society we have now to a much less consumeristic one without the economic collapse, perhaps. Tribalism in politics. A strange game. The only winning move is not to play. It seems to me to be a bit of a guideline or general list of thinks to be aware of when devleoping. It's fairly short, at least compared to many government reports, so it can be digested quickly and put in the ole' toolbox. Half of the reason legalese is so complex is to attempt to cover all bases, the other half is so that lawyers need to be hired to translate it. Just put in simple plain language what you want to exclude. If you find someone violated your terms (most people do not read them), then it's on you to drag them into court and prove that they were a Trump supporter and to define that term. I think the history of anything is important. It helps the student learn why things are significant, what they changed, and how things were before it occurred. How about I deleted my Facebook account years ago because the likelihood the FB willingly gives any and all information, conversations, public or private to the government without a whistle of a fight. How about I deleted my Facebook account years ago because employers started looking up people's accounts, forcing people to friend them as a condition for employment. How about I deleted my Facebook account years ago because it's incredible foolish to have your real name and any personal details on the internet for public consumption. How about I deleted my Facebook account years ago because there isn't any meaningful conversation on there anyway and most people are just posing for the camera. How about I deleted my Facebook account years ago because some crazy friend of a friend passes masses of ridiculous propaganda all day long. How about I deleted my Facebook account years ago because it allows people to tag my name in photos they took that I don't want publicly available. How about I deleted my Facebook account years ago because I don't particularly want to be a product. How about I deleted my Facebook account years ago because I don't particularly care for Zuckerberg. I could go on and on. It's fairly trivial to record voice through an app in the foreground and translate it into text for data mining. I'd be surprised if they weren't. I'm sure if they were they would keep a lid on it for obvious reasons. It would be encrypted, so who would know? I'm sure Facebook enacts a non-disclosure clause for anyone who works there. After Snowden revealed what was not only possible, but what was going on, would this really surprise anyone? That was over three years ago, do you think technology hasn't matured? Do you think they wouldn't do it for ethical reasons when there is profit to be made? Hell, Samsung said they do it with their smart TV's. But their PR department says they respect your privacy, of course. Wink wink. https://www.cnet.com/news/samsungs-warning-our-smart-tvs-rec... >If Facebook had an always-on phone recording, people's data limits would be swiftly used up. Not if they were converted to text with the phone before they were sent. Text is pretty small. It's even a multitude smaller when compressed. It could easily be added to normal send packets without anyone noticing. Furthermore, when things are encrypted, it distorts the actual size of the message. I mean I came up with a way to do it unnoticed in a few minutes, imagine what a top team could come up with in a few months. I obviously don't know if it's happening or not (deleted my account years ago) but it isn't hard. >If it were true, they wouldn't so unequivocally deny it. That's a strange conclusion to come to. I think it was Shakespeare addressed that very thing in Hamlet. >There's far more harm for them deceiving customers than there is in them admitting to a creepy feature. If they've already deceived, then they certainly wouldn't admit it. If they stopped doing it, they could deny it was currently happening and not be lying. >I have $1,000 for whoever can prove this is happening. That number pretty much ensures anyone who has the ability to find out wouldn't bother. Personally, I think they might have toyed with it but abandoned it. The trick isn't collecting the data without getting caught, that's simple (as earlier described). The trick is taking action on the data and not getting noticed. If you use the conversation data as a weight to only be added to non-conversation data, you could do it completely unnoticed. In other words, gather conversation data but only apply it to data collected in other, less controversial means. So +1 for posting about Colgate, +1 for talking about it only if there is already +1 from the posting. Well, I'd be surprised if they hadn't researched it to see how feasible it was. >there's no way they'd be able to keep it secret, NDA or not, and there'd be a massive shitstorm about it. If a developer goes public with that information, their career is pretty much over. They get sued for millions of dollars and their life is pretty much over. The developers working on it could be led to believe they were working on something else completely. It only takes 1 person to pull the libraries together, and that would have to be someone you trusted. Coca-Cola protects their formula by having several vats of stuff, so to make Coke, you mix 1 part vat A, 2 parts vat B, and 1 part vat C and you're done (just a hypothetical). Some people knew what was in vat A, but not vat B, etc. The same thing can be applied to programmers. >there's a big difference between how people intentionally speak to a phone (e.g. making calls, FaceTime) and just ambient audio from a phone in a pocket or on a table. Siri can do it easily. You have to be in close proximity for it to respond. Say "Hey Siri" from across the room and nothing happens. Just check volume levels and that's it. Anything quieter than a few decibels and you ignore. No, but small messages would be bigger. I just did an example, I encrypted "This is Fran. How are you doing?" (My name isn't Fran.) It was 368 bytes, far larger than the original text of 34 bytes. I then encrypted the entire message you replied to and it was only 623 bytes. The original was 449 bytes. Also, you can further obfuscate it by playing with the compression levels and algorithms. The point being, the difference of 255 bytes is hardly enough to draw attention and hardly enough to hit data caps or affect battery life. >Why? I posit that a good portion of the customer fallout from this functionality has already happened since so many people believe the conspiracy. The quote is "The lady doth protest too much, methinks." I'm not sure if you are familiar with it but it means that when people vehemently protest something it usually means they did it. I actually read the link you supplied and I don't think they are currently doing it based on what they said, but they might have done it in the past and stopped once people started noticing. They could be sending it to a third party, which would make their denial true. They might not be doing it at all. Who knows? >companies can't just record your audio and then lie about recording it. Depends on what people agreed to in the terms and also what wording they used to deny it. I mean they denied they gave NSA direct access to their servers, but NSA had direct access to their servers. >Why? It shouldn't take any sophisticated technical analysis at all. It can be easily obfuscated using compression, encryption and when they sent the data. I touched on this in another post on this thread. They could gather the data and only apply it as a weight to an already collected data point that isn't related to the microphone. I posted this elsewhere also. Aren't conspiracy theories fun? >Have you actually worked in software engineering? There's no way this approach would be practical, especially not in a public company, with as many platforms and sophisticated tech like FB. This is a ridiculous conspiracy fantasy. Yes, 20 years. When dealing with a large application, it's broken into smaller chunks and each chunk has a team. It's called "divide and conquer" and has been a strategy as long as I can remember. You have an AI team and a UI/UX team, a data persistence team, a voice to text team, security / encryption team, multiple teams dealing with various middle tiers / micro services; all providing libraries and services. You have teams that don't even work for you that provide FOSS code. >This is a ridiculous conspiracy fantasy. It is but it's fun. >in order to sell this to clients That's the point, you don't sell it to clients, at least not directly, you just add weight based on captured conversations to existing "weighted preference" of the client. Do you explicitly explain every technical detail, line by line, algorithm by algorithm of how you acquire advertising data to your clients today? Of course not, they don't care, they just want to sell their wares. I mean Apple has secret teams by the truck load, and most things are leaked by third party manufacturers. I don't see how you can't imagine how feasible this is to do. >covering up a negative action is often exactly what lands people into hot water (see Watergate, Clinton, etc.). You are mixing up testifying under oath versus a PR release. Companies lie to you all day long in PR releases. If FB were to go under oath and state that, it would be more believable, but not completely, see James Clapper. I'm just pointing out how it's technically and orginizationally feasible to do this undetected. The only thing stopping FB from doing this is ethics and possibly backlash. Yes, but FB doesn't need to specifically listen for words and determine if they say anything, they just need speech to text, and only capture speech if the volume is a particular level. >You said yourself that Apple's notoriously-secretive stuff gets leaked all the time. Apple's stuff doesn't usually leak until it hits the manufacturers, which are third party. Apple itself is very good at keeping secrets within it's own company. One of the main reasons Snowden had access to that data is the NSA oursourced tens of thousands of tech people. If it's just one or two people, it's much, much less likely to be leaked. >without the engineering and product owners of the app knowing. You can sneak it into an app with just 1 engineer knowing. There are still 2-3 people who know the complete formula for Coke. You can get a SVP come directly to the developer and circumvent the product owners, or you could make a skunkworks team of just 1-2 people. Hell, FB manages to keep it's private keys private because only a select group of people can access it, let alone know where they are stored. >ad-tech clients do want to know exactly where the data comes from Funny, when I take out ads on FB, it doesn't tell me the algorithms used to determine who likes what, it just gives me the option on what demographics to focus on. I would venture to say not only is it technologically feasible and organizationally feasible, but they could do it without getting caught unless people start noticing ads popping up for things they never search on, and only talk about person to person. I think that can even be hidden by adding weight only to other weighted preferences captured through other means. Agreed. For people who don't know, HR is't like "Internal Affairs" like you see in movies, they are employed by the company to do a few things: 1. Create benefit plans. 2. Keep the employer from getting sued. #2 is particularly important. They are very risk averse, so they will take the quickest path to safety. Post something on social media that someone could take out of context or misinterpret? Fired. Shortest path. Criticize the company or your boss in some way? Fired. Shortest path. Say something overheard by someone else that might offend them? Fired. Shortest path. A potential hire says something odd to the HR manager during an interview? Denied, to risky. Something funny, at a company I worked for years ago, HR created a questionnaire to gauge morale in the company compared to other software companies. Every department was well below the average (meaning low morale) except the HR department which was well above. Beware. I often suggest to people wanting to get started working in programming to learn SQL. 1. It's easy to pick up but harder to master. 2. It's been around forever, it doesn't change much. 3. It's invaluable for reporting and analysis. 4. You can get a job with just that skill. I will parrot what a professor told me years ago. The hardest part of writing software is proper requirements gathering. He said it was like pulling teeth. By proper I mean the developer knows exactly what the client wants and the client knows exactly what will be delivered. A "meeting of the minds," I call it. I always tell clients this is the hardest part. It's not easy to make such a comprehensive list over such a broad category, so cheers to the author for trying. I think it's a good list, but to challenge myself, I tried to think of some things that he missed. 1. Encryption 2. Compression These might fit into another broad category like OS or Networking, but they are both distinct from those I believe. Something just occurred to me; encryption predates software so it's not a software innovation in and of itself. The most fascinating part for me is that 6 year old managed to find a way to circumvent biometric security without hacking off someone's finger: authenticate while the user is asleep. Necessity is truly the mother of innovation. These are good comments. >A righteous operating system should be a programming language. Like the Commodore 64, VIC 20, TRS 80 and many early home computers. >Any decent software environment ought to have a fully featured database, built in, and no need for a 'filesystem'. Microsoft tried to have MSSQL as a file system in Windows called WinFS. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WinFS If he's referring to non-relational, then most FS as we know it are key/value databases. You put in a key: c:\files\myfile.txt (/usr/root/myfile) and you get a byte array. It's more sophisticated than simple numeric tokens because it adds a 3d structure in the key. Part of the reason for these seemingly odd things is we stand on the shoulders of giants that came before us. Because of this, iterative technologies must be backwards compatible to survive. These are all important things but either fall under one of the broad categories or isn't a software innovation: Paradigms of programming, data structures, importance of the algorithm : Falls under programming although I'm not sure why GC wouldn't fall under that as well. Codd : programming (data structures) and transactions. He explicitly references databases in the transaction section. Binary: A hardware innovation. Virtual memory: Falls under OS. Automata: Falls under hardware or programming and possibly sculpture? IP: Falls under copyright / patent law. An aside: I've always known GIGO to stand for Garbage In, Garbage Out. When you are looking for something to do, don't make work for your developers (meetings). >Provoking a great power makes little sense for obvious reasons. It makes great sense for an autocratic-esque states. See Iraq (Sadam era), Iran, Russia, ISIS, DPRNK, Lybia, Grenada, Philippines, Al Qaida, Somalia. Instead of looking at your cruel leadership, you can blame all your problems and rally all your citizens against the US. He's complaining about the dishonesty and obfuscation of information from a democratically elected government. How can a democracy survive when they don't even know what's really going on? It's a legitimate gripe, but delivered poorly. I'm not excusing him, but he is a solder and a soldier follows orders. A team has to do what their commander orders, otherwise it would be chaos[1]. I think that whole thing was a fiasco, not only to go in it, but the gross mismanagement of the entire war. [1]There are of course limits, al la Nuremberg trials. I would recommend instead of completely ignoring the news, just stick to the 30 minute national news on CBS/ABC/NBC/NPR (maybe FOX). Everything that happens in the world in a day will fit in 30 minutes. Everything else is mostly opinion and speculation which serves the writers more than you. Strange, I'm middle class and I live in a city. There are other cities than NYC, SF, LA and Boston. >those cities don't have the same job markets Fair enough, but mid sized cities have jobs for plumbers, electricians, government employees, secretaries, marketing people, accountants, college professors, construction, biologists, vetrenarians, etc. The title, "The Middle Class Can't Afford to Live in Cities Anymore" is absurd. Sure they can, have you never lived in a mid sized city? Those horrendous commutes are more common to large cities that can't support the population demand. Mid sized cities don't have that problem as much. There are plenty of suburbs within a 10-20 minute driving distance from the city. Also, businesses operate in those surrounding suburbs. I like mid sized cities. Not too large, not too small, but just right. I do that too, but I have to keep in mind that most headlines are sensational. HN comments are great. Yes, but it will also lower the demand for organs due to less crashes with injuries. I'm not sure what the net would be. Narrowing the definition of "cities" certainly helps the title be closer to accurate. I found some information. The largest organ by far that is transplanted is the kidney. I also suspect most of them are from disease rather than an impact injury. https://www.organdonor.gov/statistics-stories/statistics.htm... Could be. I'm not sure if they are the most donated because almost everyone has a spare one, or because they are in the most demand, or a mix. I'm not sure if that is intentional or not, but these type of algorithms certainly favor someone who recently learned about them but hasn't had the experience to forget them. Because they are already incorporated into every framework that would use them, they are more "code trivia" for someone 10 years out of school. I second that. It's good to know what tools to use and why, but not necessary to know how to make the tools. The NYT staff seems to have lost their minds with the Trump election. They've turned into catastrophists, which isn't very useful for being informed. I don't have a reference but when I was learning iPhone development back in 2009, I read somewhere that it's best to learn things in the morning (when you wake up) because your mind is best at absorbing new things. I tried it out and it seemed to improve the pace I was retaining things. >Note that I don’t currently consider Windows a viable alternative. For the work that I do (Rails) and tools I use something *nix based is the best choice for me. For what it's worth Windows 10 now has a bash shell based on Ubuntu available. http://www.howtogeek.com/249966/how-to-install-and-use-the-l... I would guess having exclusive agreements with almost everybody. An adage I use is you should know all the rules so you know when and which to break. The compiler is fine with using GOTO, it's people that are not. Yes, but it will increase the cost to the scammers and filter out the ones that can't figure it out. Possibly have a reroute rather than a block so it's harder to detect. Reroute the calls to a voice mailbox that essentially saves to /dev/null. I think this is even more absurd than steroids. At least with steroids you're risking your health for your own benefit. With this stuff, you're risking your health for someone else's profit margin. Hey, as if willingly working 60 hours a week for no more pay wasn't bad enough. When are we gonna stop being suckers? I agree. I also think it should work both ways. The worst jobs I've ever had is when the sysadmins have the mindset where they own the servers and are unwilling to deviate from what they've read at the behest of the developers. "I will force AV on reads on the developer boxes." "I will install AV on the production DB servers without telling anyone in the development group, then make the developers prove AV was the cause of production slowness before removing it two weeks later." "I will force this crazy group policy on developers and when they complain, I will totally ignore them." A bad, or uncompromising sysadmin (one in the same) make development work a complete nightmare. I half believe the reason developers are embracing cloud architecture so much is to remove so many sysadmins out of the equation. On a side note, a tip for developers. Always make friends with the sysadmins. Buy them lunch or something. Right or wrong, they can make your lives much better or much more miserable. Most of the opinions I read consider the eliminating millions of trucking jobs would be horrible for the middle class and are for a living wage to attempt to combat it. >You chose to have kids and a mortgage. So did your parents. Would you wish this upon them? >if u really want a kooky old physical medium go with minidiscs! They were amazing! They were. I still have my old mini-disc recorder in a closet somewhere. Back from the days when the number of components in your stereo "tower" was a marvel. Record player on the top, dual cassette module with the soft open, equalizer with a bunch of sliders on it. Receivers with a multi-channel, digital sound level read out. The analog ones were even cooler. Single CD then CD carousel, 8 track, what? Speakers? the bigger the better! Gordian knot of wires on the back. Hi-tech, baby! Don't get me started on 80s boom boxes, or "ghetto blasters," as they were affectionately known. Probably get dirty looks for using that term today. Type faster, more compression and friction produces heat! All joking aside, I have the opposite problem. I'm always hot. Anyone who needs a title as dramatic as that is trying to sell you something. I'm almost certain the Apocalypse isn't happening this time. >In fact, technology does not improve the human condition in most cases. It erodes it. I agree with what you said but think this is a little strong of a statement. I guess it depends on what you mean by technology. I'd rather live today than in the 1900s because of medical technology alone. It's like anything. Technology just is. It's what people with free will do with it that can be harmful or helpful. With that said, I agree we should be more diligent to at least be aware of how technology is affecting us personally, then act accordingly. Thanks for sharing that passage. From what I understand, our Constitution is based heavily on the governance of Indian tribes of the time. I'm not sure how well that scales, since much if it is now gone. I was referring more to the Polio and TB and Smallpox. I believe estimates are 50-96% dead from European travels to North America. Crazy stuff. Spolsky should be required reading in software development classes. I wish he had time to keep it up. So what's the difference between that guy and the Onion? Both make money selling fake news, as do the tabloids. Did you really believe there was a warehouse full of Clinton ballots? Do you think everyone knows the Onion is satire? He said his intent was to make money. Do you not think the Onion has the same intent? They are both hyperbolic. You know they are both hyperbolic. Most people know they are both hyperbolic. His can certainly be construed as satire. He sure made the people who believed it look foolish, as does the Onion. >If you have a hard time telling the difference, I do not think it is their problem. Perhaps there isn't much difference. I asked what the difference was. The difference he came up with was intent. The intent was the same: to make money. >The other case you have the intent to deceive, to fake reality with the goal of changing people actions: deeply immoral. Here's a blurb. Real news, tabloid, Onion, or fake news? >Roger Stone — the D.C. insider who's exposed some of Washington's deepest secrets — was targeted for assassination! That's the shocking claim by the popular author and consultant to Donald Trump, who says that even the Center for Disease Control determined that he was poisoned! He's now gone public with his story of feeling stricken with a “routine stomach virus” in Dec. 2016 — before suddenly becoming exceedingly ill.” I guess the point I'm trying to make is this fake news phenomenon is nothing new. The only difference is one guy was able to make such a large splash. >You're obviously pretending to be dense I'm not trying (hah), I'm trying to have a discussion about this (not) new phenomenon of fake news and examples of where we are more accepting of it. I went to the Onion (haven't in years, not my type of humor) and it's obvious to me they are trying to be satirical. It's pretty over the top. But how about the other group I mentioned, the tabloids? They make money by deception and they do it intentionally. They also write articles about political figures. I guess why this matters is that Google banned this guy's site from their ad network and cost his domain property to lose $100K in value, when they same derision isn't extended to tabloids which do essentially the same thing. I think the biggest difference between this guy and the tabloids is that over time, we recognize the tabloid brands as being full of beans, but when individuals do it, we have no frame of context, no prior body of work to examine. That will be dangerous at first, but liberating in time when people start to realize how much horse manure is out there (and not just from the hard right types). The elephant in the room is of course Fox News. They've been publishing fake news as real since Bill Clinton. Drudge too. Limbaugh since the 80s. The danger in this is who decides what news is fake? How about that Trump dossier? Is that fake news? There is certainly no proof any of it happened and most of it is impossible to prove. Should Google ban Buzzfeed and NBCNews from their advertising network? I remember W. played a similar game. He would limit access to the press, which would cost the news agencies money because they couldn't cover the man. To get access, they had to have a history of printing favorable articles about the administration. The press will always complain about this, but apparently in W's case, it was more egregious. http://www.nytimes.com/2002/10/14/business/white-house-keeps... It was pretty obvious Trump is even less tactical about it than W though when he would refuse to answer the yelling guy's question because he disliked that they pushed the Trump dossier. An interesting aside, I was reading my local news this morning and there was a story about Yellen. She was reporting the unemployment figures. In the comments, someone disagreed with her unemployment numbers and labelled the article, "More fake news." I live in a red area. I'm wondering why the NYT would even push a piece like this. I'm not sure it's even newsworthy. This has been going on since our inception (check out Andrew Jackson's election). Are they trying to cast it against their own reputation? Are they worried about it? I was asking what the difference was because I wanted to have a discussion about hyperbole in the news; what's acceptable, what isn't. I think a lot of news outlets sensationalize the stories through insinuation and salacious headlines. I think that is just as bad as fake news because fake news is easier to spot. Sounds like a lot of people got their feathers ruffled about it. Either they are die hard Onion fans, or they are emotionally married to the argument. It's just politics man, everyone is full of beans. The second you become tribal, you're the sucker. Yes. You're missing a big one, their transaction / business system(s); What software actually runs the business. If it's a small shop, that would be inventory, vendor, customer management / POS. Any other company has their own flavor of niche software that is used outside basic every business software. There is some off the shelf software but they are mainly served to businesses that have a lot of competition: pawn shops, small stores, restaurants, etc. Everyone else has to mangle together what they can find if they can't hire a developer to build them one. If you mangle something together, you are more than likely to have scale problems when you least need it: when you are growing. If you reread my post, I said those types of business systems were sufficiently served by off the shelf software. It's amazing how flippant people are about other people's rights. Each major party wants to erode them. It's best not to get to comfortable with either. The author certainly wouldn't like it if his account was banned because someone convinced a moderator his words were poison. Take a step back. It's annoying that the English language doesn't have proper gender neutral possessive pronouns. The same could be said for people who allow themselves to be distracted by it. The English language is more than just a collection of words, it entails grammar as well. "Their" is plural. For singular, it's "his," "her," "its." For example, the sentence, "Pat has a flower. Their flower smells good, " doesn't sound right because "their" is plural. "Pat has a flower. Its flower smells good, " doesn't sound right either because "its" is reserved for things and not people. Also, the dictionary isn't a good source for grammar. It contains definitions of words, proper or not, like "ain't" and "irregardless." https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/irregardless?utm_... https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/aint No worries, I misinterpreted it. I think we derailed the original conversation in this thread. >English doesn't have the equivalent of Académie française, and even its edicts are well-regarded recommendations, not definitions. Even if it did, I suspect either the US or the UK would reject the country that wrote it. >They with a singular antecedent has remained in common use for centuries in spite of its proscription by traditional grammarians. I was being a traditional grammarian. "John has a flower. Their flower smells good," sounds as incorrect to me as, "John ain't got no flowers." For me, the more important the point I'm trying to make the more grammatically correct I try to be. Of course the spoken word is completely different. I think a message can get a lot of additional value misusing the language. Maybe I should just realize, "ain't nobody got time for that." Agreed, but it's because the following, resulting in the mangling of the language. I'm referring to formal writing style. Of course, my quote is starting a sentence with a preposition, which is also poor form. >Because he is no longer accepted as a generic pronoun referring to a person of either sex, it has become common in speech and in informal writing to substitute the third-person plural pronouns they, them, their, and themselves, and the nonstandard singular themself. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Singular_they Yes, maybe I'm missing something but from what I'm reading, he has a marketing website and a payment system to take payments for ?? what? Is there a product? I've always understood a MVP to be a product to have just enough features to add core value immediately. Bells and whistles to add more value are not included, but core value is. For example, if you are writing scheduling software, MVP would be able to schedule better than, say on pen and paper, or whatever is standard functionality in the current market space. Future value would be adding features to "cast a wider net," so to speak. Do people seriously consider MVP a way to pay for vaporware? Am I misunderstanding the situation? This is one of the main theories as to why Trump was successful in the US. The US economy can't properly support it's workforce fully. The Democrats offered social safety net. The Republicans offered tax cuts and deregulation to the business owners. Neither solved the underlying problem that the US economy can't properly support the workforce. People want an honest day's pay for an honest day's work as they have for millennia. Pride in honest, good work is important to the vast majority of people, especially in the US. That reminds me of when the CEO of Papa Johns was complaining about having to insure his employees via the ACA and the enormous cost the customers would have to bear: An extra 14 cents for a large pizza. These people just live in a different world. http://www.forbes.com/sites/calebmelby/2012/11/12/breaking-d... In many cases, I would gladly pay a few percent more to have jobs back in the US. It has a cascading effect that truly "lifts all boats." A hell of a lot more than corporate tax breaks. Actual slavery was worse because of beatings, and being torn from your family at a whim, and being raped, forced to breed, and a bunch of other things. Having said all that, the main tenant of slavery is being forced to work. It's not the same, but it's similar. Slaves that were treated relatively well were still slaves. Now, you can quit, but you can't stop working. It is absolutely a creative endeavor. The science and math are just the paintbrushes and canvas. First and foremost, add value to business by solving a business problem. Once you can do that, follow the DRY and KISS principles. I've noticed developers who can quote scripture (best practices), but can't solve a non-trivial problem. If you ask other programmers, you will get a bunch of answers. If you ask the guy who cuts your checks, a good programmer is someone who can solve their problems and make their business more efficient. Yes, the MacBook is the future air. I just wish they had put another port on the opposite side. I use a 2013 15" rMBP as my laptop. The only port I use is the magsafe. You notice them missing on the occasion you need them though. I haven't done it in a while, but when working for yourself exclusively, you feel more in control of your destiny. Even if you have n bosses and 1 fires you, you still have n-1 paychecks. If you have 1 boss and he fires you, you have 0 paychecks until you find another boss. I don't believe the majority of people think that way, or at least when it counted: in the 80s and 90s. Now, a lot of people have to buy from China because they can no longer afford the good stuff, even if it was available. I don't think anyone likes Edge. Agreed. It's like finding the perfect job that's perfect for 40 years. Never gonna happen. It's great to find a good job, that keeps your interest, respects you, treats you well, grows with you, is loyal, and gives back; but you're never gonna find a perfect job. Some people find what seems like a perfect job, then after a few years, they get bought out and aren't so perfect anymore. I played the field until I was in my mid 30s, then settled down. Never been happier. I hope it lasts, and I think it will. Also, beauty fades pretty quickly. Not only in the object, but in the eye of the beholder. The person is much more important. Also, it sucks when everyone hits on your girlfriend / wife all the time. I would say that would be just as unfair, but at double scale. I don't want to see higher wage stagnation, but less of it. The only highly paid professionals that are immune from this appears to be high level managers; high enough to control budgets / P&L. You're painting with an awfully broad brush. That same way of thinking can be applied against just about any group to increase misery. >But guess what? Iran was, but Suadi Arabia wasn't. There are the stated reasons why the US government thinks a certain way and there are the real reasons. Saudi Arabia is a big one. I suspect the real reasons is we have oil deals with Saudi Arabia and Iran has oil deals with Russia. Also Iran nationalized US interests in the late 70s with the revolution. The US punished Cuba for the same thing for 50 years (plus the missile crisis). The US isn't altruistic like they want people to believe, the US works aggressively for their own best interests. If they can paint an altruistic face on it, they will. The US is still can't let go of the cold war mentality, probably justified with Putin. Iran and Saudi Arabia fit into that mentality. Iran and Saudi Arabia are the two powers in the middle east: one is traditionally an ally, one is our adversary's ally. It's a natural law of geopolitic that the victors of a major conflict split into at least minor adversaries. The victors are the only ones who can threaten each others power and security. We saw this play out after WWII. Dan Carlin just released an episode where he explores this. I haven't gotten through it yet, but it's very good. http://www.dancarlin.com/hardcore-history-59-the-destroyer-o... >I welcome the next dot-com collapse, as only those who love their craft will remain No you don't. It's painful for the good ones too. I remember a fairly recent story about Disney laying off a bunch of IT folks. http://www.computerworld.com/article/2915904/it-outsourcing/... That time is very interesting to study. The economics of it are mind-bending. I think California has a ways to go before it becomes that economically powerful. "in 1860, the value of the slaves was “roughly three times greater than the total amount invested in banks,” and it was “equal to about seven times the total value of all currency in circulation in the country, three times the value of the entire livestock population, twelve times the value of the entire U.S. " http://www.pbs.org/wnet/african-americans-many-rivers-to-cro... You need to know your value. I don't know your ability, but you are probably being underpaid. >just index it to inflation It's so that politicians can fight every few years it needs to be raised and say, "vote for me, I fight for wages." On the other side of their mouth, on the years they don't fight for an increase, they can go to businesses, "donate to me, or I might have to fight to raise minimum wage this year." The minimum wage fight a few years ago is a prime example of this. From your link. >Most of the research has come from studies of nonsmokers who are married to a smoker. Those conclusions are also backed up by further studies of workplace exposure to smoke I suggest you don't marry a smoker, or work in a bar where they allow smoking. Otherwise, you'll be fine. You'll probably be fine either way. The increased risk is minimal (1-4%?) and requires years and years of constant exposure. Because that statistic was made up? You know you can still get lung cancer even without have ever inhaled second hand smoke. Because governments don't care about smokers, they just want the sweet, sweet tax revenue. It's called a "sin tax." and it's very regressive. It's so they don't have to tax the rich as much. >I'm not going to allow them to smoke. Same can be said for any dangerous activity. Like bicycling? As long as I pay for health care, I'm not going to allow you to do it. Driving? Hell no! You need to walk, and you can't use roads or sidewalks near roads. Only the rich can use roads, we're putting on a driving tax. How about prison for people caught smoking cigarettes? Societies do it for drug users. Whatever it takes, right? /s What difference does that make? I've read where tobacco is one of, if not the most addictive substances. I think you just have no empathy for people addicted to tobacco because you've been subjected to a relentless barrage of anti-tobacco propaganda over decades. No comparison to the cost of a bicycle helmet and the taxes levied on cigarettes. Depending on where you live, how about $50 a week to rent a government approved bicycle helmet? It's starts to sound much more unreasonable when you compare the taxes. >but if the equilibrium was $1000 per pack I wouldn't consider that unreasonable Ok, so you still haven't solved the problem, you aren't collecting any revenue, and now you have a pretty serious black market and all the crime, policing costs, jail costs and bribes that go with it. At what point do you realize it's bad policy to tax sin and really only succeeds in getting revenue from predominantly poor people? 1. You will never get all people to stop smoking. 2. Any effort to squeeze down the last 15% or so is the same folly that got us into the drug war. 3. The only thing you can reasonably do as a nation is to keep pushing out the commercials and hope for the best. Quit taxing the crap out of poor people. Quit acting like smoke is mustard gas. The problem is that many of the people who voted for Trump don't read any news other than news explicitly designed to make Trump or the GOP look good. It's not just hipsters ;) All joking aside, VB.NET has solved a lot of problems for companies. Half the population has an IQ at or below 100. That sounds great on it's face, but what would you train and educate the bottom half to do? Their PE ratio is over the top. I know Bezos reinvests profit, but that's always scared me, having invested during the dot bomb era. I stick to funds. Sounds like the companies you mentioned used protectionism as a crutch rather than an opportunity to catch up. I can see where that would be frustrating. Cheap good are also usually of inferior quality. Look at the stuff we made in the 50s, 60s and 70s. A lot of it is still usable today if properly taken care of. The cheap stuff we buy today is mostly disposable. The prices would be higher but the need to replace would be lower. Unfortunately we're in a downward spiral. Making cheaper products overseas lowers wages. People with lower wages are forced to buy cheap, non-durable products. Agreed, but the problem is that the economy can't support the citizenry. Learning an instrument is unlikely to change that for someone who doesn't have a job. You are absolutely right, but I think there are ways around it that Comcast and friends have figured out. Obviously carving out territories and sticking to your territory is a big one. No competition for what many consider a necessity. Imagine if the electric company did the same thing? What are you going to do? Live without power? I have no idea why this was down voted, it seems like it was a calculated decision. Litigation can destroy a company (just ask Gawker). Being responsible, legally with consequences, for monitoring the entirety of your site for age disclosure is expensive. Not only to do it, but the cost of litigation for when you miss one. That's probably a big part of the calculation. Someone suggested that it's because moderating is expensive, which is true, but IMDB has been moderating their site for a long time. I don't think the cost of standard moderation was a big part in the calculation, simply because they have been doing it successfully for years. I think they are also aware of the value of their message boards simply by tracking page hits. Having said that, public figures are excluded from privacies generally granted to the public. There are plenty of public records of everyone that discloses their age, even though they are not a public figure. To pass a law requiring IMDB remove age disclosure with consequences is very bad law. Not only that, the people that are the "victims" have the financial ability to litigate. It's even worse if other publications like tabloids are excluded from this requirement. I think one of the problems is that there's no centralized leadership from an encompassing GUI perspective. It's tribal. The kernel and RMS contributions of course has centralized leadership and are much more successful and coherent. I believe it is currently a minimum of $60K / year, which was established in 1989 and not updated since. Companies in the US (and the government too) tend to skirt laws justifying the misdeeds as, "we interpret the law differently." In other words, some shops will gladly pay a senior software engineer $60K a year, claiming they are something else like tech support. There are plenty of examples of other methods some companies use. By shipping jobs abroad, I believe most people think they are taking jobs held by US nationals and giving then to foreign nationals, regardless of where they fill a seat. I believe it's underpaid. I earn my company at least 20x my salary every year. If all the software developers and maintainers left, the company would cease to function competitively and probably collapse within a year. You have to understand how reliant companies are to their software systems today. The majority of the value of a Ferrari are in the materials and engineering, not assembly. The value software and it in general bring to a company are way more than the sum of salaries. A multitude higher. If it were actually based on supply and demand you'd think salaries would increase. I don't know how rare it is, but it depends on your perspective. If the IT departments ceases to exist all of a sudden, many companies would have to halt operations. What's the cost of that? What's the value of building a system that will scale when the business needs it, verses one that doesn't? What's the value of a flexible system that allows the business to perform multiple M&As without a hitch and pivot to market needs? Companies use software systems for a reason: they are very valuable. The more companies use software for competitive advantage, the more their competitors need them to compete. We're at the point where a company can't survive without a good system. I think many developers don't know their value. But you are also supporting the invasive practices by giving the manufacturers your money. I think you're definitely on to something. I think employers should pay a premium for H1B or any visa worker. If they truly need them and there is truly a dearth in candidates, they should be falling over each other to pay it. I think they want quality goods for a cheap price, but are easily fooled. I think most people want quality goods for a cheap price, but we are easily fooled. >And I suspect that for a "brown" skinned persons the south is not exactly a welcoming environment. That's very ignorant. I live about 10 or so miles from work. I live in a hot state. If I rode a bike or walked to work, I would stink and everyone near me would forget about the planet while experiencing their olfactory assault. I'd probably get out of meetings, but I wouldn't make any friends. It could be argued that the government should tax bikes and pedestrians instead, since they aren't paying their fair share of gasoline taxes that pay for infrastructure upkeep. I think the best idea is for people who want to ride bikes to ride bikes and enjoy their contribution to the environment without trying to impose taxes on people other than themselves. The suggestion from the OP, as I understand it wasn't incentivizing alternatives to driving but rather punishing car driving with extra taxation. I'm ok with the carrot, but not with the stick. The problem with taxation on things such as that is it's typically regressive, which is rarely good tax policy. Not only are you regressively taxing, you are regressively taxing people trying their best to keep their heads above water. If we really want to make a difference, electric cars should be heavily subsidized in the ballpark of 30-50%. Also have the government build out a charging infrastructure as part of the highway system. That would be a lot more bang for the buck against climate change than taxing waiters, clerks or everyday people trying to earn a living. I have a great idea, we should mandate 100% remote work whenever possible, and the savings companies get from paying less rents should go directly to the employees (minus a 20% management fee of course) who are now supplying their own work environment. If only .. My town is very spread out, I don't even work in the city. Companies commonly rent office space in the suburbs. Also, I consider 10 miles to be a very short commute and a huge perk. They've been trying to revitalize our downtown area for decades with moderate success. If you don't live in a hot state, you don't won't know what that's like. It's funny though, shortly after rush hour, our area has packs of people riding bicycles for recreation. I'm pretty sure most of them shower before dinner. It's the usual stuff: gas stations, grocery stores, restaurants, office parks. When you had to drop your kids off to school, did you just throw them on the handlebars? What happened when you switched jobs? Did you restrict your prospective employers to a 2 mile radius, or did you just buy a new house and have two mortgages until your old house sold? What you are saying is fine, but it only works for a select group of people (read: single). Trying to force everyone to do the same thing through punitive taxes is short sighted. There are much better ways to reduce the carbon footprint of vehicles than the just tax people who need them to get to work every day. Oh god, is that the next thing? Self righteous bicyclists? Give me a break. >Children can walk, or can indeed ride on bikes with parents So children should walk to school on the highway or a busy road in LA? I don't think that's a very good solution. I think you are trying too hard to justify your idea rather than considering a better solution other than "everyone ride bikes." LA is a very unique city. Look, if you want to wrap your life around riding your bike to work, more power to you, just don't try force your lifestyle on the entirety of the US population through punitive taxation. Also, if you don't like parking lots, don't live in a huge city. There is plenty of land in the US to live other than a big city. I would love to buy some acreage in the middle of nowhere and remote work all day. That would solve a bunch of problems. Sorry, it was another thread where someone was talking about taxation. >FastTrak is a nightmare. The answer is gasoline/carbon taxes, since you are "consuming against the environment" on a per gallon basis, not a per mile/per toll road basis Either way, if you are talking about removing subsidies that directly affect individuals, it might as well be a stick because it's a net negative. You should consider of something that is less directly harmful to people. Subsidizing electric cars is a much better idea because it injects capital into the market and saves people money on something they need to work. I'm going to stop contributing the political threads. Emotional people keep down voting me because they disagree with my argument. Same thing happens on the conservative threads where everyone is yelling at each other. I guess we can't break out of our political bubbles. Argue for the idea, not the party. >I consider that a subsidy for drivers. And people who order from amazon! >The whole point is that children SHOULDN'T do that, because it's horribly dangerous. However, that is exactly what any child in places with terrible infrastructure, who aren't driven or bussed, must do right now. Your argument is in favour of continuing this. So here's where I think we're differing. You are looking at the end result: no or very few cars, no need for massive infrastructure, redesigned cities for this new post automobile reality, much safer walking and riding, etc. I think that's a wonderful vision, but getting from here to there quickly without something amazing happening (like ultra cheap, ultra range, ultra subsidized electrics paired with massive economic growth to offset the lost jobs of the industry and all dependent companies, etc) would be too painful for the economy. Some of that vision will happen naturally, but like anything that useful, road vehicles won't go away completely. This is a pretty clever idea to solicit ideas for software. Has it been effective? >Speaking of "technical" questions - the good news is that there's absolutely no difference between Junior and Senior dev nowadays. Questions are identical so you can learn it once and re-apply for life. Everything you've learned in college is what will get you a job, even 10 years down the road so forget about your professional experience. That isn't even close to true. Perhaps I'm misunderstanding. Could you elaborate on this a bit? >You can't fail answering questions like "tell me about your project XYZ, what was difficult, how did you solve it". This is the most important question I ask, and you can absolutely fail it. I use it to gauge interest in the field. If people give me a ho-hum answer, I know they are in the field because they heard it paid well and will probably have no incentive or drive for excellence. Even passionate introverts will perk up when this question is asked. I can't overstate how important passion is to future personal development. On a side note, I haven't had to deal with a recruiter (for my employment) since 2001 (dot bomb) and that didn't even help me. I used a recruiter for my first and second job and haven't since (in 20 years). If you do good work, people will remember you when time goes by and your co-workers are at a new location looking for talent. I think you are sharing your perspective from large companies. Small and mid sized companies are often more competent in interviewing (and fun to work for) because they aren't shackled by some pre-determined interview "process." Do you have a sales and marketing structure in place? I don't have trouble with ideas, I have trouble grinding out what is necessary to get eyes on product. >It all comes down to writing code on a whiteboard or in a notepad. Thanks for elaborating but that's sad news. I thought we had all collectively decided this was a horrible way to interview people. If a company absolutely must have code written, assign all interviewees a programming task and have them submit it through GitHub or on your site. Something that shouldn't take more than 30 minutes for a moderate developer. Anyone who doesn't complete it gets filtered, and you get a good example of their thinking, style, sloppiness, comment habits, etc. If you think they nicked it from the internet, have them make a slight change. I've always considered the ability to be able to design a piece of software or module from nothing to something complete in a moderately elegant way was way more important than if someone had memorized how some algorithm works without ever having the need to implement it. It's akin to asking a painter how to build various types of brushes and how to harvest paint, or an author how to make pens. That ability isn't useless, but certainly don't make that the focus of your interview. I want experienced software designers, they can learn anything they are lacking with whatever stack we use in house in just a few weeks. I'll just stick to using my methods and wait until the industry catches up. :) There's an old quote I read and I keep it with me. It was for CEOs and it says, "You get what you incentivize." The hardest part of managing a group of people is incentivizing exactly what you want, yet so many people don't spend an ounce of thought tuning that properly. There's other people who believe process will fix everything, yet don't bother tuning their process. Many companies have fallen because the CEOs incentivize net without incintivizing quality, i.e. gut the company, get your bonus and get out. Yes and no. Crazy, made up deadlines will throw even the best developer off. They want to, fist and foremost get it done. If everything else is irrelevant, then that's what you will get. Of course that ends up being bad for everybody, but many businesses still don't have a clue on how to operate their most important department. Sometimes you have a hard deadline that you just can't help like a mission critical bug, or the VP of sales promised your most important client an impossible date and there are fines involved. I'm a firm believer of setting aside time for refactoring every X number of releases. That solves a lot of this. Sure, sometimes it's just a matter of survival. Get this code released by this date or we sink. That's an unfortunate place to be in, requires a lot of focus under stress and is rarely rewarded. It's gratifying for me to be successful in those circumstances, but too many of them and I have to find a saner place to work. Management starts to take miracles as the norm by planning them (if they even do) and it leads to burnout. >is the stupidest thing rationalists ever cooked up. Oh, you don't like bonuses then? Unsolicited, forced code review doesn't have much value that I've found, unless your team is fairly junior. Senior guys know what good code looks like, even in a crunch. If you hold forced, unsolicited code reviews with senior developers, you are really just throwing away money and aggravating people. It's just another half thought out process. A better incentive, in my opinion is: if you release a complete codebase with 0 medium and above defects by X date, you get a free week off, or something of significant value. A free, company branded desk clock doesn't cut it. (that's happened to me before). If a company is trying to save money by hiring the cheapest offshore developers they can, they are still really just throwing away money and aggravating people. lol. That is a perfect example of a poor incentive: cut costs without any regard to the resulting cuts in quality. Anyone can make a turd cheaply, but that's rarely what businesses really want. >But what we've found is a tyranny of the grossest: the loudest, most attention grabbing, least useful speech drowns out the quieter and more moderate voices. You have a point, but this result isn't so much caused by the defending of the freedom of speech, but more so the limited way we disseminate information on a mass scale: news television. Rational people have a voice, it's just investors won't pay millions to setup a news television show to disseminate it. Loud and obnoxious sells, rational doesn't, as sad as that is. It appears that way short term, but long term, having a bad codebase can retard a company's growth through lack of scalability and maintainability (read easily add/remove/change features). Companies spend a hell of a lot of money for growth. If they don't know how to manage software development, then the software will nullify all that cost spend on growing, because the system can't handle it. I am truly amazed at how bad many US businesses are at managing their software systems. It's as if they are considered an afterthought rather than the department on which every other department depends. It's simply old fashioned thinking. CEOs are typically older, and the current crop were trained before computers really proliferated business. I've given up on App store development. I wrote a handful of moderately successful apps in the 2009-2012 range, but the market is too crowded and the expectation of free, or near free software isn't profitable for the small team of "just me." They do fascinating work though. Making a living with Microsoft technology at my day job(s) for two decades, Apple stuff was a refreshing change. Women have been trained to be a timid, subservient partner to men for a millennia, and it's hard to get away from. The answer is the same for women and men: know your value, constantly strive to improve your value, and command that you get paid your value. Also, know your interaction with business is just that, business. Be more willing to cut a business relationship than a personal one. Don't blame yourself if someone doesn't see your value, just find someone who does. Disclosure: My wife is also a programmer. >Still, it depends on the specifics. I agree, the devil is in the details, but intentionally writing hastily thought out software is rarely a good option. Even for a POC or MVP, code is expected to be churned out fast, only to be heavily refactored or rewritten once proven successful, but that never seems to get budgeted and people end up building on top of that. I always go back to the KISS, DRY and YAGNI principles. They not only save overall development time, even in the short term, but they typically lead to maintainable, scalable, and expandable software. >I'm guessing you'd be equally amazed at how many people are embracing rigorous software engineering principles, and not ever reaching the point of getting a viable business off the ground. Yes. It's very strange the process business impose on software teams when the business is really just stabbing in the dark. I think it's because they don't realize software development is really an art rather than a science. >So, perhaps the best way to go about it is to sell "prototypes" at first Yes, I think that is a good method. Really everything is a prototype from a mile high view. Word 2.0 from today's view is certainly a prototype. A sellable running prototype. In my experience, business process means almost nothing in software development, it's the people. Good people are expensive but you will most likely fail without at least a few of them. Yes, sorry I should have been more explicit. Initial reviews have value (is this guy full of beans or does he know what he's doing), but constant reviews of senior developer code do not. If you've hired anyone you have to constantly do reviews for, you've probably hired the wrong person. I mean they should get what you are looking for after a month or two. Thanks, that was an insightful reply. It's like when the banks pushed off mortgage risk to the public market before the great recession. Companies accrue massive technical debt (risk), but push it on the buying company who either isn't competent enough to DD the software, or simply doesn't care. In the end, someone has to pay for that negligence, but it's like playing hot potato or musical chairs. Not only that, but her mother was brought up that way, and her mother, and her mother, etc. The Civil War in the US broke that mold without a doubt, as certainly did WWII, but the people who make the rules and make the propaganda love inertia and keep trying to push women back into that traditional role, even though it is unhealthy in today's knowledge economy. >I know exactly zero developers senior enough to have gotten over writing bugs. No one was arguing that. Code reviews aren't for bug discovery, though that can sometimes happen. It's a very inefficient way to discover bugs. Developers should test their code for bugs before completing the task and submitting to QA. QA is a more thorough than development bug / unit testing and includes integration. Betas (if applicable) are the final source of pre-release bug discovery. Spending a bunch of time on code reviews to find bugs. IMO code reviews should do two things: 1. Make sure the developer knows how to develop and is not being sloppy and not following whatever standards are set (comments, etc). They are essentially training wheels for new developers to the organization and junior developers. 2. Make sure the code represents what the developer thinks it does (sanity check). >But it's unclear how making dual-income the norm is "healthy" for anyone. It's already the norm and has been for quite a while now. I'm specifically speaking on women getting paid their value. I mean if both partners have to work 40s, then might as well maximize profit on that labor. I'd love if my iPhone had an FM/AM radio. I think it's silly that they don't put one in there yet, and I don't know of a good reason. The nano's have them. I'd be fine with the headphones being an antenna. Data caps, man. I need my tunes at work! Well, that's because companies can't afford to be as picky right now . Once everyone "learns to code." and there is a glut, you'd better believe degrees become more valuable. So if the developers knew to traverse a binary tree, how many of the 75% succeed? There is something I've mutated to my own liking called the 80/20 rule. In software, you will spend 20% of your time making the application 80% of it's maximum potential performance. You can then spend the remaining 80% of your time gaining the extra 20%. If that is cost effective to your company, then by all means do it. If it isn't 80% is just fine and you've cut your development costs by 4/5ths. For me, being able to "rote" an algorithm on some whiteboard falls into the last 20%, maybe. Collection.Sort, whatever it uses, is good enough. Hell, you get about 78% of that 80% by using indexes properly on your RBDBMS. In reality, no, but most hiring managers won't know how to tell the difference, so they'll just default to whether or not the person has a degree. Hell, I can't tell the difference between a good an exceptional developer until I've worked with them for a month or two. People with the silver 2009 Mac Pros are also mad because Sierra won't run on it. It will run on a 2010 Mac Pro which is, for all intents and purposes, identical, except a BIOS version setting. Apple decided 2009 users now has obsolete hardware. It's only 6.5 years old and mine is from obsolete. 2x4 3.33, 32g, 2x1TBSSD, 2x4TBHDD, USB3, GeForce 970. I would guess that politicians now believe (true or not) the most effective way to get elected is to pursue lobby money and use it to run scare commercials at people who are "political children," a Dan Carlin term. The fact that this is more effective than what you described is additionally troubling. I've been playing a lot of pool lately. A family member gifted us an Olhausen 8'. I played quite a bit in college. It's good, cheap entertainment. A little bit of exercise, and a great way to take your mind off whatever. If you are talking about technologies, WebAPI is what all the kids are using these days, it's a more clever implementation than web services (WCF). Who knows what current saplings will grow. I usually don't pick something up until it's fairly well established. The people with the wealth pay people for one reason and one reason only: they have to. Once they no longer have to, they will lobby the government to continue to lower taxes and squawk about laziness, welfare queens, and all that garbage. This will go on for a few decades until there is an uprising of sorts, then those with the money will return to giving everyone else crumbs, or just enough to quell the uprisings. This will probably go on perpetually. Could you elaborate? I was thinking along the lines of money as it relates to Maslow's triangle. The more money you have (or skills that equate to money) the higher you can go. Money is freedom, money is self esteem (for many), money is power. Lack of money is imprisonment, despair and weakness to even protect yourself from predators (metaphorically speaking). If 70% of the population is stuck on the first rung, nasty things are going to happen. Once creating automation can itself be automated, that will jump to 90-95%. For many, money is survival. It's just a convenient instrument to trade. If you are unable to make or have money, you are unable to accomplish anything you can't do by yourself (this includes shelter and sustenance which requires land). Also, wealth concentration globally is a lot different from wealth concentration nationally. In other words, if we follow globalization as it's been seen in the US recently, the owners can easily sell goods to offshore markets while neglecting the local labor market, allowing them to further diminish. The wealth class can (and do) simply pay the government for protection (police, imprisonment, military, etc). https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maslow's_hierarchy_of_needs Personally, I'm not so sure a living wage is enough to keep the population at bay. People need something to climb up Maslow's triangle that money is only a prerequisite for. People still need a feeling of accomplishment. Not when it comes to payroll, it isn't. You think companies are gonna start cutting payroll checks for charity's sake? They ship jobs overseas to get cheaper workers and skirt environmental protections, what do you think they are going to do when they don't need 90% of them? Nobody can predict the future, I was just pontificating, BUT the US government (both parties) don't really work for the American people. I'm talking Congress and the House, the ones that have the real power. The US government was setup by elites for elites. Why do you think white, male landowners were the only ones who could vote? It's in our foundation and has only changed in brief periods. I think a living wage will be required eventually, but you better believe the people who donate largely to campaigns will fight it tooth and nail. Not only that, they will make sure it's just enough to quell uprisings and comes out of debt rather than increased taxes. I agree with you, but those are the exceptions, not the norm and I was generalizing. Also, the context I intended was payroll or taxes. Carnagie did it because he believed rich people won't go to heaven. "He believed in the "Gospel of Wealth," which meant that wealthy people were morally obligated to give their money back to others in society." I'm not sure why Bill Gates does it, but I commend him for it. Also keep in mind, most of his charity goes over seas. Furthermore, Gates is worth around $90 billion. If he gave the entirety of his wealth to all US working people (about 150 million), it would come out to a one time payment of $600. The US is going to have to start keeping it's natural resources and stop giving it to companies for free or pennies on the dollar. You should see how cheap my state sells water to bottling companies that then sell it for a %1600 markup or something like that. For the same reason they fight it now, they don't like writing checks. I think you are pretending to be obtuse. Wealthy people can afford to lobby congress, poor people cannot. Congress (has a whole) rarely does squat unless they are paid to do so. Most, if not all lobbying is controlled by wealthy people. Not all wealthy people control lobbying efforts. Therefore, when 90% of the workforce is not needed, people who can afford to lobby congress (wealthy) will assuredly continue to lobby congress to ensure that the laws to deal with that problem don't affect their interests negatively. Paying what is essentially social security for everyone isn't going to be cheap. Paying 150 million people (approx workforce) $1000 a month would cost $1,800,000,000,000 a year, and that probably won't be enough. This is not limited to the GOP and there is a ton of historical evidence of this. The middle class has been stagnant since Reagan. Globalization, trade agreements, ignoring the minimum wage limits, increasing visa limits, not prosecuting employers who use illegal labor, weakening of unions, not allowing the government to bargain on drugs they purchase through tax dollars, not allowing people to buy drugs from other countries, extending copyright monopoly durations, etc. None of those things help the middle class, they only help the corporations and people who lobbied congress. Here is a list of the top 20 lobbying groups / people. I cannot see of any (except the AARP) that has citizens interest's in mind when they lobby. I certainly don't see any who would lobby to increase their taxes to support a living wage. These organizations are all controlled by wealthy people. https://www.opensecrets.org/lobby/top.php?indexType=s In short, wealthy people and organizations lobby congress because they are the only ones who can afford to. Large companies that lobby congress are controlled wealthy people, are they not? Great comments. I understand your comments on money, but I suspect other modern economies will fair the weather much better than the US. The US wealthy have diversified their wealth in physical assets, gold, foreign currencies, etc; things that have intrinsic value outside of the US. Not only that, they can continue to manufacture in foreign lands and sell to foreign markets. Capital is mobile, labor is not. What they almost certainly won't do is voluntarily give their wealth, without a fight, to combat mass unemployment. They will lobby hard against it (my original thought) or just leave the country. The Great Depression saw a peak unemployment at around 25%. That took 10+ years, some arguably unconstitutional laws and a massive, global war effort (with destruction of many competing economies) to get out of. That was in a time period when both the political parties actually wanted to solve the problem. In the worst case scenario, with near complete automation and offshore labor, you'll be looking at around 75-90% unemployment in the US in a fairly rapid time period (10-20 years?). We've never seen anything like it; not that quickly. I'd like to think we would figure out how to adapt, but we've had a serious political discussion about climate change for going on 10 years now, and the US has barely come around to agreeing it exists and is man caused (and I'm being generous) let alone an actionable plan to retard it, let alone reverse it. This denial and inaction is caused by the very same forces that will cause inertia when figuring out how to combat a US economy that can't support a fraction of the workforce. We recently had the worst financial crisis since the great depression. Who got bailed out and who didn't? I understand why we needed to bail out the banks, but about the only thing the average homeowner got was weak refinancing laws that were abused by the wealthy banks! Furthermore, we haven't taken any serious measures to prevent it from happening again. What measures we did manage to take (Dodd-Frank) are constantly being picked away by those same forces. We've had middle class wage stagnation for going on 30 years now and the electorate keeps voting for people who do things to perpetuate and accelerate that stagnation (both parties), thanks in part to misinformation and secrecy funded by those same forces. As far as political shakeups, Occupy Wall Street did nothing. The Tea Party was absorbed then gradually extinguished by the GOP. The most recent political shakeup the US electorate could come up with was electing Trump. I don't have high hopes about him solving our upcoming economic problems either. What we've been through in the last 10 or so years isn't even the scary part if my dire prediction comes to fruition. I don't think our political system is healthy enough to deal with what might be coming. PS: This was a lot longer winded than I anticipated, so apologies if it reads all over the place. >The '30s here were not deeply structural or were they? That is, during the Depression, there was always the potential to climb back closer to full employment. Yes and no, I mean knowing the outcome certainly makes it seem that way. We certainly didn't have the economic knowledge we do today. 10 years of working at the problem had modest results and then a second recession occurred. The war spending was really what got us out of it. We supplied, at a nice profit, war material to England and France for two years before we got involved. Back then, they (Hoover admin) believed the economy would take care of itself and did nothing (sound familiar?) Finally, Hoover (who was considered a brilliant businessman at the time) decided to enact a protectionist import tariff on Canada which was met with a retaliatory tariff on our goods and that was akin to throwing gas on the fire. A funny anecdote: Congress didn't do much about the dust bowl in Texas/Oklahoma until a 10,000 foot dust cloud was blown all the way from Texas/Oklahoma region, across half the continent, settling in Washington DC. http://mallhistory.org/items/show/274 >Imagine the difference between well-fed activist headed to the pub after a protest vs. millions of displaced with no hope and nothing to lose. Yes, I envision this as well, and on a massive scale. With the current militarization of the police in even the smallest towns, I fear, based on history, the local and state government would crack down hard on the protesting, a la Chicago riots in 1968 or the union busting in the early 1900s. Based on how authoritarian and stubborn the US government has become, it won't be long before they get involved and throw what remaining constitutional protections we have out the window. This could go on for years. Propagandists will continue to pit poor against poor along racial lines as they have been since after Bacon's rebellion and as they do today. Violence will begat violence and it might come closer to a 1930s Soviet landscape than we care to imagine as our government will see the protesters as "threats to democracy," and the "anarchists" moniker of the 1900s will come back and need to "be dealt with harshly." It will look foreign where you have the wealth class, the political / enforcement class, and everyone else. Only the last class will be the vast majority of the population, and as you said, starving. Not only starving, but oppressed, harassed and imprisoned. I don't trust our current government culture to handle this gracefully or intelligently. The biggest difference between now and the 1930s is that in the 1930s, the population trusted the government to act in their (citizen's) best interests, to their best ability. I don't think we're anywhere near that today. As an aside, the Civil War had the benefit of a country versus a country; blue uniforms vs. grey uniforms. With this, if it comes to that, it would devolve into gurilla uprisings, not unlike the Arab Spring with the outcome of either side winning looking pretty ugly. I saw a photo that hit me like a brick. During the protests in Oakland, I believe, a young protester was wearing an Arab head scarf fashioned into mask like you would see in an ISIS video (Shemagh). I hope that wasn't a foreshadow of things to come. >Nobody actively tried to make look stupid or applied ad hominem attacks, it's an earnestness here that I admire Earnest gets worthwhile work done so keep it up. Yes, I really enjoy a good, thoughtful, intellectual discussion on the internet. This was the best discussion I've had in a while. I prefer discussing via typing rather than speaking, because I have time to research my own assertions as well as other's. HN is truly a pearl in a sea of mud. Speaking and lobbying are completely different things. You and I speak, ExxonMobile lobbies. Guess where half of congress (slightly more) currently stand on global warming? >They'll also donate large chunks of their wealth to charity because only the most heartless wouldn't. Heh. Now who's generalizing? (sorry, a little snarky). There's a little over 500 billionaires in the US. Gates and Buffet are on record pledging to do this, as are some of their friends. That's a whole lot shy of "most." I'm in a similar boat. I'm just tired of working for other people. I was an athlete so I have it ingrained in my brain to always aspire to greatness. I'm stuck doing mostly boring web CRUD apps (new team, new project) where I was building complete automation systems with nearly full autonomy. Unfortunately, the US isn't really a meritocracy. Leadership positions come from who you know more than what you know. If you don't feel like playing the dating game, start your own thing. You'll definitely not be bored. Also, you could work for a small company where they don't really know what's going on. You need to earn trust with the ownership by solving easy low hanging fruit that really earns / saves money. Don't go too small and make sure the company is profitable / well funded / proven business model, otherwise you'll constantly be bailing water. Typescript is a type safe language that "compiles" into javascript. The Microsoft implementation compiles on save, so you work in your file.ts and a program running somewhere fires when the file is saved and converts it to file.js which you would distribute. I haven't used it yet, but the demo from Anders looked good. It's an attempt to fix the "loosey goosey" nature of javascript. I would be great if browsers supported it as a built in language. https://channel9.msdn.com/posts/Anders-Hejlsberg-Introducing... If you watch the video, you'll notice the argument notation is name: type rather than type name. I think Anders is reminiscing about his Delphi days. >How much can the government be stealing from you if you have no money? John Oliver did a good breakdown of how municipalities do pretty nasty things when you can't pay your tickets. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0UjpmT5noto The problem with the theory of communism economics is we've only seen it implemented a few times, and they've all been terrible. Communism, I believe, was to be implemented in a post industrial country. When Russia implemented it, they were pre-industrial, and during a massive war. As an aside, Germany actually shipped, by train, an exiled Lenin to Russia to destabilize it during WWI. Term limits to check-and-balance power is a pretty good solution. The trick is to make them long enough so good people can do good things, but short enough so that bad people can't do permanent damage. Not every industry has to be capitalist to have a capitalist economy, just like having a pure democracy isn't the only way to have a democratic political system. The trick is finding the bugs and fixing them. I don't think you can reasonably compare the suffering of any capitalist society with the suffering of Soviet Russia, especially in the 1930s. The only concerns I would have is I believe you have to debug the javascript rather than the typescript. I think they went to the "visual" moniker when IDEs started to become GUI (Windows vs DOS) based. It's been years, but I remember having to position controls using coordinates in code when tinkering with Visual C++. It certainly didn't have drag and drop like Visual Basic did at the time. I'd like to think some of this has to do with the fact that she forced all remote workers to relocate or leave. Like it or not, there are a handful of tech people in every organization that holds quite a bit of their company on their shoulders. When you indiscriminately gut your workforce with something as arbitrary as that, you're asking for trouble. I always thought this referred to abstract computer science concepts like : constant vs literal vs variable, scope, composition vs aggregation, encapsulation, function, procedure, polymorphism, interface, loops, accessor, mutator, class vs object and instantiation, abstraction, linked lists, arrays, hash (not so much hash), recursion, etc. I consider these names to be beautiful and succinct and a lot of thought was put into them. Does anyone actually remove the tablet portion of these class of laptops other than to say, "and do this and it becomes a tablet." To use while commuting (like on a train/plane?), or ease of lugging? I would think once you get to your destination, you're now stuck with it rather than a laptop, unless you have a dock. What's a good setup for these? I think they're interesting, I just don't get them yet. It is certainly capable of making a good album. I'm in the same boat. I switched around 2008-2009 to jump on the iOS app wave, but am more interested in Windows since 10 and Azure. I still think their rMBP 15s are the all around the best you can buy. I haven't tried the track bar version yet though. Also, OS X (or whatever) on a rMBP is still great for surfing the web. The zoom with the trackpad is flawless. >There's not a stanford & Berkeley right there This is absolutely a fundamental reason: higher educational system. Atlanta (maybe Texas) is the South's version of SV and it has Georgia Tech, Emory, and others. If a municipality wants to be a top tech city, it needs the colleges and universities to support that. The general rule of thumb is if a politician is pushing a law to "protect the children," it's a tell that it's a bad law. That's the only way they can sell it. By bad law, I mean permanently lose your rights kind of law. There have been many, but the war on drugs is a big one. It led to the militarization of the police, no knock raids, out of proportion sentencing, stop and frisk, asset forfeiture with no evidence, aggressive prosecution, etc. These laws that were sold to protect children against drug dealers creep into other offenses as well, like RICO and of course the patriot act. Terrorism is another big seller. >And now we find that when it comes time to actually use these tools to protect the children, the secrecy of the tools is more important. I don't want to get into too shaky ground, but if you can de-emotionalize the issue, prosecuting the consumer of the material isn't directly protecting anybody. That picture was taken no matter how many people look at it. You wouldn't expect the government to prosecute everyone who looked at the stolen pictures of celebrities that came out a few years ago. The government is now using this to legitimize surveillance, actively attempt to circumvent security (which is illegal), and to hide the circumvention methods. That's bad for everybody. Child porn is horrible, and horrible things happen to children, but an authoritarian government with massive, legal surveillance power is worse. The road to hell was paved with good intentions. >States have since cracked down on prescription opioid abuse, creating drug-monitoring programmes and arresting unscrupulous doctors. So if you look at the chart, when they started doing this, heroin overdoses skyrocketed while pill overdoses stayed about the same. They doubled the deaths with their crackdown solution, as if that has ever worked. Where do you see any evidence of that? I was, and I think the penalties and number of people in "the system" for drug offenses is significantly higher than it was in the 80s and 90s. We now have more people (not percentage of people) incarcerated than any other country, even China. The rhetoric may be softer, but I don't think the judges are. Here is a year over year incarceration map. http://www.businessinsider.com/how-the-war-on-drugs-changed-... Here's prison population by country: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/shared/spl/hi/uk/06/prisons/html/nn2... Incarcerate is the only hammer many of our state governments will even consider using for most social problems. The quickest path to success is having rich relatives and friends. Everyone should just pursue that. All joking aside, even if they are placebos (and Myer's Briggs certainly is), whatever it takes to motivate people towards excellence to me would be a positive. Years ago at another company, we got acquired and had to port our shrink-wrap application from Oracle to Cache and support both. It was a horrible experience. The cache sales support guy bought our lunch a lot though. That's something. I think those people think in terms of how much they can fit into their monthly income rather than how much the financing is going to cost them. In other words, if the person make $2000 a month and has $800 left over every month, a $500 car payment is ok and the 14% rate doesn't even enter into the calculation. It is if it doesn't actually solve the problem it is being sold to solve. You've accidentally hit on a problem with much of the complexity of laws in the US: states have autonomy on a lot of things. Healthcare is a big one. It's regulated by the states. Insurance companies incorporate by state. Each state has it's own regulations. Some states are gun friendly, some are not. Although our federal government yields a lot of power, constitutionally, it doesn't have as much as its seems. It's an interesting model. It was more like the EU in it's inception than today in that each state was it's own country under a thin umbrella of federal government. The outcome of the US Civil War changed that significantly, but not enough to have a coherent, omnipotent federal system. (The EU doesn't have one either; each EU country controls most of their own sovereignty). One main difference is US states can't secede from the US while EU countries can. Another issue is free borders between states. If state A enacts universal healthcare, how does it prevent the sick inhabitants of neighboring states B,C,D,E from emmigrating and bankrupting the state? This model poses all sorts of problems. Even colleges have to deal with this. If you live in the same state as the college for a year, you are considered a permanent resident and get a significant tuition deduction (like 75% less). There are hundreds of examples of where autonomous states with free borders cause administration headaches. Imagine if the EU decided to have a governing body that took taxes and distributed services, like healthcare, military, infrastructure, etc. It would have to cut out parts of the tax code for Greece and add parts for France, etc. Not only that, but by industry. Then tack on special interest lobbying. It would be a mess. Not only that, what if 1/4 of the countries didn't have universal healthcare? >People have an absolute right to be religious if they want to ... But they shouldn't expect to be respected for it ... Indeed, they should expect the opposite: to be mocked and laughed at. Many people find religion for many different reasons. To categorize them all as people to be mocked is equally doltish but the opposite to religious people telling everyone they are going to hell (for whatever thing they don't like). Your statement is an equal but opposite reaction to that which you loath. No one likes a rabid conservative, no one likes a rabid liberal. Rabid is rabid regardless of what comes out of their mouth. >idea of "free speech" has been intrumentalized by a lot of people to shield themselves and the absurd views they hold I think you are practicing what you are preaching. Perhaps I did. When someone mentions religious people and anti-vaxxers in the same thought as people who expect to be mocked, it's difficult to not see some underlying scorn for religious people in there. Also, religious people have been mocked, enslaved, imprisoned, tortured and killed en masse for what? 6000 years now? The two recent genicides that I can think of: Germany and Serbia weren't done by religious people. Do you have any examples of genocide in the name of religion? Crusades maybe. That's a good point. The more we learn about psychology, the more we realize a lot of criminal behavior is based on a chemical problem that is usually treatable. Adam Lanza comes to mind. What he did was probably the most horrible thing I've heard of, but the illness that caused him to do it was treatable. https://www.nytimes.com/2014/11/22/nyregion/before-newtown-s... The prison system in the US is supposed to be to rehabilitative rather than punitive. We aren't punishing people, we are fixing them. At least that's how it was described in the 80s. Based on sentencing in the last 30 years, that's hard to believe anymore. It's remarkable. The whole Lodsys et. al. thing terrified me during the App boom. Why it was terrifying is because it costs trolls very little to file a suit and would cost me hundreds of thousands to defend, even if their patent was crap. Unfortunately, I don't think Microsoft is offering legal assistance, which would make it really amazing. I think Elon Musk has a bit of the reality distortion field around him like Jobs did. If you take a step back and look what he tries to achieve vs. what just about every other business (tech or not) does, it's a stark comparison. Musk no longer represents himself and his companies, but he represents a future where we can do things we thought were just dreams (cheap space travel, electric cars that perform better than internal combustion types, ubiquitous solar power, etc). That's a lot of future from just one guy. That's a great analogy. Its as if programming moved from creating to assembly. (The act not the language) Bingo. It's a way to arrange three dimensional data into a string, just like XML is. It's more pithy and saves bandwidth money. I can see the conversation now. "If we build this as an open office, it's cheaper AND better? That's a slam dunk!" 6 years later ... "Turns out it's only cheaper, not better. Hey, cheaper is better right?" Being able to yell across the room while sitting down is more efficient than having to stand up first. Efficient collaberating. This is a good metric. It's also the only metric we track. Science! /s What you are referring to is a "cube farm." Businesses have somehow discovered how to make working conditions worse. The best method (for maximum sustained productivity) I've experienced is 2 developers to an office. For me, it's actually best if the developers aren't on the same team so they won't often interrupt each other. Either way is better than a cube farm and certainly open office. It's significantly cheaper than an office per developer, but nearly as good. It's great to collaborate and all, but that should be done at a scheduled time in a scheduled place. The negatives of open space is why libraries have a STFU rule. >IP is fraud. I wouldn't go that far. IP is a carrot for development. Imagine if you spend a decade and $100K developing an idea, and just when it started taking off, Oracle or somebody copied it and took the entire market. That can and does still happen, but at least you have legal recourse with IP laws. It was originally a way to foster innovation for a maximum of 28 years, then the works would enter the public domain to be improved upon. Over the years, the copyright duration has become ridiculously long, negating the social benefits of it's existence. The fundamental concept is sound, it's when it's perverted to help the wolves rather than the sheep that it stinks. So, if I pretend to be interested in Polo or golf, the chances of getting a better salary increase. Check. >You just provided a subtle clue about your gender. Wait till they talk to me on the phone. That will be a huge clue. I've always been fascinated with sailing but have never done it, so I'm going to put that in my interests next time I update my resume. I will need to remember to remove competitive spitting. It's the "race to the bottom" mentality and that's a big reason we got here. I heard it a lot when politicians were giving away jobs by embracing offshoring and union busting. "Your pay cut in half? That's nothing, so and so has it much worse." Have any data for that assertion? >Jobs killed it not because it was bad, but because Flash was fast becoming the platform for the web. It had already become the platform for the web. I read somewhere that Adobe outsourced all their development sometime around 2005. By the time they needed to pivot and make it lean, they didn't have the knowledge anymore. I don't know how true this is though. It was also a memory hog and wouldn't run well on a first generation iPad. Jobs used H.264 for video and it ran much better than Flash. That's on fleek, whatever the hell that means. Nothing is a panacea, but what if just 10% of people remoted instead of driving to work and back, lunch and back 5 days a week? The middle east also has a bunch of money to spend with US companies. It's an opinion piece, and that's usually what everyone says, "It's an opinion piece, it's not news." I would hope a newspaper would require their opinion authors to verify their supporting information at least. I understand that opinion pieces are meant to sway readers one way or another, but they shouldn't be allowed by the company to be underhanded in doing so, willfully or not. The piece of misinformation you cited wouldn't sway everyone, but at least readers would be free to decide themselves in an informed manner. I mean that's why I read stuff, to be informed, it makes it useful to me. It just goes to show how entertainment based (tabloid) US "news" has gotten (all denominations.) What happens when the business outgrows what AppBuilder can do? I would assume that's a ground up rewrite. Seems like it's kicking the issue down the road and accumulating technical debt along the way. I mean grow in complexity, not scalability. The crux of the issue, and why all of these type things fail to gain enough coverage to concern me, is business grow in complexity. Each. Individual. Business. Cumulatively it's exponential complexity. These type solutions are general solutions designed as one size fits all. In reality, that usually covers small businesses and for a short period of time. All businesses are niche. Wordpress, Wix, Access, Oracle Applications, etc. were all thought to solve the problem of development expense and they have all failed. I mean they get some coverage, but once a business grows in complexity, they quickly become obsolete, or in the case of larger apps, configuration is more complex and error prone than developing the application. They probably don't pivot very well either. Maybe Google will figure it out, but I don't think they will. Last time I built something in Access was on Access 1997. I believe it had about 100 concurrent users and over a gig of data. Those both exceed the hard limits of access at the time so I had a single read/write database on a share and multiple read only databases on shares. I had to split tables among multiple database files as well. My direct boss was the CFO and he was cheap as hell. It's amazing the things we can come up with when we have to. Yup. Perfect example of burnout. He doesn't care because he's burned out of it. Pretty common. As a warning, the longer you are in that situation, the longer it takes to get out of it; just like gaining weight. >During a meeting last week I realized: I don't care about our product or it's mission anymore. Burnout. >I would rather be watching TV with my girlfriend or literally doing anything else. Burnout. >I think I lost my faith. It's not burnout, I work 40hr weeks. It's burnout. >I have no idea why there is such a backlash against interviews. What's so hard about studying for a job you want? That's a really good question and I had to think about why I don't like interviews. 1. It's an interrogation and the stakes are extremely high. There are so many aspects of it you don't control. Some guy had a shitty morning, or just doesn't like you, dropped your resume on the way back to his office, etc. 2. It's completely phony and it starts with the first question, "So why do you want to work at generic company X?" "I need money," is not an acceptable answer. Now I have to be phony and tell them why their company is awesome (it's not) which makes be feel like a kiss ass. I have to pretend to be excited about working at a boring ass company. Just shoot me. 3. We have to do it, unless we have rich parents that died young like Batman. 4. The person or people that are interviewing you have no notion of what you've accomplished aside from skimming your resume. All the hard work I've done to produce miracles in the last 20 or so years means, really nothing. 5. Companies only reward tenure at that company. It signals the start of something new but that's typically a bad thing when it comes to work. Less vacation, less credibility, less influence, etc. 6. You really don't know if the person or people you are interviewing are bozos or not. It doesn't matter, they cut the checks, they have the power. 7. As the article insinuates, they're fairly pointless. >A little off topic, but a functioning welfare system has the potential to allow people to take the time to find the right job, rather than be pressured into taking the first thing that comes along. It's a question of balance So does having 6 months of income saved up, but we don't teach any type of finance in high schools. I understand that some people with jobs don't have that ability, but the vast majority do. Don't forget rampant offshoring in the early aughts. No, the stuff you know will be ancient soon enough. I would recommend keeping up with the new way of doing the same ole shit though. It's hard to find. Even NYT does this as opinion pages. Go to their home page, it's got a significant area of opinion. It gets progressively worse the further down the line (of news companies) you go. The problem is news agencies is the only way to get information. Spicer doesn't invite "regular dude Joe." We in an information desert. You give them a task, point them to the source code that the task involves and let them figure it out. They can ask questions here and there, but they won't learn unless they are ass deep in the code trying to figure out what the hell is going on. I mean the world was educated through text for over a millennia. It works. >Turn her 180 degrees on the other hand and it's clearly conveying the message "brave women lead the way of capitalist progress, and is backed up by the strength of the finance system" Or girl who isn't paying attention about to get wrecked by a bull. Spending $350K to build a statue to illegally place in front of a stock exchange is a horribly bad investment. He may have made profit, but it probably took a long time. It's unlikely that was his prime motivation. If it was, he got extremely lucky. Artists typically think in terms of making great art rather than making money. He should have taken that $350K and put it into stocks in 1987, he would be much better off. I suspect he had other motivations. You certainly make a good point. I would say hands on mentors are much more valuable in hands on skills, like an electrician or physician. I think programming falls into a less hands on skill like Math, Philosophy, or writing. You can have a Math mentor, but you gain most of your knowledge from reading what your mentors have written down. I'm afraid their culture is too far gone and it will be a long, slow descent. They're news fodder now. Yes, but it doesn't have to be in person, it can be in text. Something like electrician or plumbing probably requires hands on mentoring. Many times, the person who wrote the original code is long gone, so there isn't a mentor. The original point I was trying to make is you don't have to be "in the office" to learn programming stuff. An example of a non-liquid asset would be real estate. This is exactly how I feel. The news is so sensationalized it's ridiculous. As a thought experiment, read the news headlines from a Trump speech, then watch the actual speech. They focus on a sentence or two and ignore the rest of the speech. Yes, he said something stupid, but what else did he say? Perfect example is the Spicer gas thing. Had he said Hitler didn't use gas on the battlefield, he would have been completely right. In WWI they used gas a lot and everyone expected Hitler to do so. Many theorize it was because Hitler himself was gassed in WWI. What else did Spicer say? You'll have to watch the press conference to find out, the news sure isn't going to tell you. That's subversive as hell. I don't particularly care for Trump, nor any politician for that matter, but I don't like being treated like a child by the news (left and right). For what it's worth, many companies have been using H1B to lower wages. That's all that's on their spreadsheets. They're sold on other things like, "you can ramp up when you need it," and, "you never have to worry about losing people because we have redundancy and will train the new person," but that's all BS. I think it will raise US wages and equity packages for at least the next 10 years or so. 10%, 30%, 50% maybe. I'll take that. They've been suppressed for 20. I've listened to it several times. WWI is my favorite war to study. Carlin's podcast on it should be a national treasure. I've bought his whole collection and they are very good. Much better than audiobooks which are usually dull and monotone. During WWI and WWII, the US made a fortune selling armaments to the allies and then joining the war towards the end. In WWII we claimed an equal share of the spoils, at least in Europe. England, France, US and the USSR split the spoils of WWII but the USSR definitely deserved 3/4 of it for their sacrifice. I always akin it to tag team wrestling. The first guy beats the other team almost silly, then tags out and the fresh guy comes in fresh and finishes them off. An interesting anecdote, France weathered the world depression of the 30s much better than other countries because they kept getting reparation payments from Germany. Yes, but the US was staunchly isolationist during that period (since it's founding). In fact, the founding fathers wrote extensively about not getting involved in European wars; military isolationism was in our DNA. That's hard to believe today. Wilson actually campaigned on an anti-war platform (as did FDR). Look up the definition of isolationism. Isolationism doesn't mean never projecting military power, it means not getting involved in alliances that don't serve, or barely serve our own interests. George Washington's farewell address addressed this: "The great rule of conduct for us, in regard to foreign nations, is in extending our commercial relations, to have with them as little political connection as possible. Europe has a set of primary interests, which to us have none, or a very remote relation. Hence she must be engaged in frequent controversies the causes of which are essentially foreign to our concerns. Hence, therefore, it must be unwise in us to implicate ourselves, by artificial ties, in the ordinary vicissitudes of her politics, or the ordinary combinations and collisions of her friendships or enmities." Thomas Jefferson said that one of the "essential principles of our government" is that of "peace, commerce, and honest friendship with all nations, entangling alliances with none." Monroe: "In the wars of the European powers, in matters relating to themselves, we have never taken part, nor does it comport with our policy, so to do. It is only when our rights are invaded, or seriously menaced that we resent injuries, or make preparations for our defense." Seward: "defending 'our policy of non-intervention—straight, absolute, and peculiar as it may seem to other nations'...[t]he American people must be content to recommend the cause of human progress by the wisdom with which they should exercise the powers of self-government, forbearing at all times, and in every way, from foreign alliances, intervention, and interference." Here's a Wiki on it: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_non-intervention... You seem to be arguing that the US projects military power in it's own interests. That's undeniable, but claiming that as a counterpoint that we weren't isolationist in the 19th century is not what isolation means. For recent examples: invading Afghanistan was for our own interests; we were attacked by a group sheltered by their government. Iraq was not. Syria is not. Balkans in the 1990s was not. Panama was because of the canal and trade routes. WWI and WWII ultimately was in our best interests but it wasn't obvious at the time, particularly early on, and the cost was immense. Right now, we are so intertwined in alliances that if just about any country goes to war outside of sub-saharan Africa, we are automatically at war. Most software back then was openly pirated and traded. Even non-warez BBS's had pirated software in the 1980s. It wasn't even considered a bad thing, just, "I have this, want a copy?" or "I need this, anyone have a copy?" We had Commodore meet ups at the local library and everyone openly copied software. Local governments had little idea what a computer even did. The SPA hadn't been considered or was in it's infancy. Computer nerd was barely a term yet. It was our own little world. We'll just have to agree to disagree. In my experience: 1. "Why" is the most important question you can ask, and understand the answer to. 2. If someone is defensive to being asked why, it's because they can't answer it well. 3. If you can't answer it well, you haven't thought it through enough. Yes, those are all problems with asking why and usually show up in a bad environment. Even with all that said, it's the most important question. Your list is a great example as to why having a toxic work environment will kill innovation; because people are afraid to ask and understand, "why." 1. The "how" is often formed by the "why," as in "why are we writing this software?" What problem are we solving? If you can't answer this well, the "how" is irrelevant. Don't get me wrong, the "how" is important too, but the "how" is dependent on the why. 2. I agree some people are dicks about it. The best way to counter that is have a good answer to the "why," then ask the person if they have anything to add. If they are just doing it to be a prick, they usually don't have an answer, or come up with something stupid. If they have actually been thinking about it, they might contribute something you haven't thought of, and you'll just have to deal with their abrasiveness to get it. 3. You absolutely need to think about your "why." If you don't have a complete answer, then say so, but add that you are still "chewing on it." It is intimidating, that's why you should always have a good answer. It's like saving money by not changing your oil. They don't know what the hell oil does, just that it costs money every 3000 miles. They tried not changing it one time and nothing happened, so it must be an unnecessary expense. Like not changing your oil, it's not something you can recover from. Yes, but H1B can stay 6 years, so it's not just 100K, it's 100K x 6, or 600K. The end state of free market (as in free of government regulation, not free to compete) is monopoly. Capitalist societies understand that and regulate to ensure freedom to compete. Europe is much better at this than the US. In the US, the two primary parties collude to ensure that a third party will never gain control. An example is they both have contracts with the news organizations that televise the debates excluding a third party without a significant (millions) of supporters. There's only 6-7 million tech workers in the US, so that's around 10%. Here's a link I found on STEM statistics: http://dpeaflcio.org/programs-publications/issue-fact-sheets... From what I understand, DevOps is when a single person or team is responsible for developing the software; standing up , configuring and maintaining the instances it runs on. So the person or team is responsible for not only the software, but everything it takes to run successfully in a production (dev/qa/etc) environment. It stands to break the wall/barrier between development, DBA, and NetOps. It's actually empowered by cloud services which are easier to stand up / maintain than a local infrastructure. I hope it's not dead, it's super efficient. It does take a person / team who is willing to learn the nuances of network / database administration though. It's nothing new, but it's new to employ at larger organizations which typically silo development, database admin and NetOps. Often times, companies in the US lobby for regulation that adds barrier to entry. Of course economies of scale greatly contribute to barrier to entry, forcing an entrant to have large volume to even compete. I've read where large companies sell products cheaper than competitors can buy them wholesale. Once there are a few large competitors, mergers happen resulting in monopoly or near monopoly. Of course industries like food service don't have monopolies, but they don't pay very well. They are also geographically restricted. I don't really care about those companies, they don't contribute much to the middle class. Google is an effective monopoly, Amazon is certainly headed that way. Facebook is pretty close. Microsoft would be except the rare occurrence of someone writing a free operating system that was very good at the dawn of the internet age. Airlines are effective monopolies in their selective hubs. Monsanto certainly. They don't have to be the last company standing to show monopolistic tendencies in my mind. Microsoft wasn't technically a monopoly in the 90s, but it might as well have been. Absolutely. It's the Tata's that ruin it for everyone. US agencies did a piss poor job of keeping them in check, or they were told to look the other way by Clinton/Bush/Obama. Either way, I think salaries will be going up for all tech people, H1B and domestic. Also, it should be a lot easier for new graduates to get their foot in the door. This is a long time coming. Not only that, it's much harder to move around different companies as a manager. That's one of the reasons I stay away from it. Also, I don't like listening to people bitch about petty things. I manage small groups of people but I'm always deep in the code. Also, most places want you to be a manager only. If you don't code every day, you lose it pretty fast. A friend of mine who is a VP had that problem. He got stuck in a shitty company and felt trapped. He jumped without a parachute but luckily landed. This. Most development is CRUD and is trivial. Write a DSS and/or automation system that is bulletproof and saves millions and it's significantly more difficult. The difference between using something like Biztalk and writing something like Biztalk is orders of magnitude more difficult. If you are using someone else's framework for the majority of what your application does, that's not really software development. I know many people won't like hearing that. He's one of the greats. Gates famously wrote "If you think you're a really good programmer... read (Knuth's) Art of Computer Programming... You should definitely send me a résumé if you can read the whole thing," "It took incredible discipline, and several months, for me to read it. I studied 20 pages, put it away for a week, and came back for another 20 pages. If somebody is so brash that they think they know everything, Knuth will help them understand that the world is deep and complicated." His books are probably the most owned, least read volumes since the Bible. I find that if I walk 30 minutes, 3 days a week, I feel significantly better. I've been going to the gym lately and feel even better than that. The point being, is we've become so lethargic that 30 minute walk, 3 days a week is a great start and easy to accomplish. Saying something you would think is harmless might very well lead them to suspect you. It's not the police's job to decide your guilt or innocence, it's their job to collect evidence and find someone the state can prosecute. Even if you are innocent, it will cost you hundreds of thousand of dollars and being arrested and innocent goes on your record. The justice system in the US is completely broken. You should be very afraid. Lawyers are usually on an hourly rate. $200 - $500 an hour is what I've experienced, but I've never employed a criminal lawyer. Lawyers get expensive when they have to do trial because of the time the trial takes and all the discovery (research) that goes into it. In Hoc Signo Vinces! >I don't at all see the ethical analogy between luxury athleisure and payday loans The "athleisure" market has bilked people out of $35 billion dollars a year using offshore sweatshops to turn $1 into $20 a pop, mainly by amplifying people's insecurities day after day after day through mass advertising. The federal government owns quite a bit of state land. I would like to be able to purchase some on the cheap like they did when they were trying to develop new territories in the 1800s. This will probably come out like crap: State, FederalOwned, TotalAcreage, Percent Nevada 59,681,502 70,264,320 84.9% Utah 34,202,920 52,696,960 64.9% Idaho 32,621,631 52,933,120 61.6% Alaska 223,803,098 365,481,600 61.2% Oregon 32,614,185 61,598,720 52.9% https://ballotpedia.org/Federal_land_ownership_by_state It's more than large profit margins, it's the constant deluge of propaganda every day that gnaws at people's insecurities. I'm too fat, I'm too skinny, I'm not strong enough, I'm not active enough, I'm not healthy enough, I don't exercise enough, I don't hydrate enough, I don't eat right enough, I'm not pretty enough, I'm not handsome enough, I'm not popular enough, ad nausium. Every day, to an entire population, for generations . There's a saying in business, you don't sell product, you sell emotion. They are selling, "I want to feel better about myself." They can't sell that until they knock people down several notches. That's what it takes to get people to pay $40 for a shirt then can get for $7. Just about everyone alive has grown up with that. Let that roll around in your head a while. I think it's worse in scope and what it does to the population. I've never been screwed by a payday loan service, but I've certainly been subject to that type of advertising for as long as I've been alive, and it's gotten progressively more sophisticated. The bad thing about centralized internet is it makes some mail servers much juicer targets than the decentralized mail servers of old. I decided gmail wasn't for me when I read they harvested your emails for ads. 1GB in 2004 sounded so enticing too! If you are technically savvy and have access to a static IP, I highly recommend setting up postfix/dovecot and registering a domain. It's fairly straight forward for technical people. You can have it setup, soup to nuts in an hour or two. There's online docs everywhere. It's probably not going to be as secure as a gmail, but it's a much smaller target. Most internet providers will give you a static for an extra $5 or so. "Silicon Valley" touched on this last week: “It’s a VR play,” Bachman says. “That’s the frothiest space in the Valley right now. Nobody understands it but everyone wants in. Any idiot could walk into a fucking room, utter the letters ‘v’ and ‘r’, and VC’s would hurl bricks of cash at them. “By the time they find out it’s vaporware, it’s too late. I’ve got to get into this.” Initially, yes, then networking effect and shrewd business practices (ensuring barriers to entry) ensure that they stay on top. I mean petroleum to power cars was a great, cheap product when it started as was the incandescent lightbulb. Coal was far more price effective than wood / steam turbines by a long shot. Yet we still use them 100+ years later. Why? Because the people that produce those technologies don't want to go out of business and they do everything their war chests will allow to make sure that won't happen. There was a lot of hype, but from what I understood watching the experience videos, the first experience is amazing, then boring because there isn't anything else to it. Like a boring game with great graphics. I suspect once better games or software are written for it, it may improve. Perhaps training and whatnot, but I don't see what it offers over headphones and a big monitor setup, other than nausea, hot eye sockets and possibly a headache. Like I said, I haven't experienced it yet though. Maybe I'm just getting old and crotchety. AR is also interesting. I'm not quite sure how much more helpful it would be over your regular ole' eyeballs. Maybe identifying wildlife or something. Currently a HUD for cars is the most useful thing out there and it's been around for years. It's not groundbreaking though, I can just look down a few more inches. Also, you can't do much more with a HUD as far as information goes without distracting the driver. I would definitely like to identify speed traps before I get there. The police have been trying to collect revenue around my neighborhood (for my safety of course) and I almost became a donor. AR reminds me of the segment where Colbert made fun of the "tech" cup that was able to identify and confirm what you just poured into it. http://www.cc.com/video-clips/9nzwjt/the-colbert-report-vess... IMO, for something to really matter, it must be related to: communication, automation or transportation. (CAT) I just made that up, so if someone wants to put that in a textbook or something, I want credit. You can just use "Clubber." Also, their cellular network idea was pretty good, but it would make much more sense to do something like that out of WIFI because there isn't a centralized provider to snoop and restrict bandwidth. I don't want to spoil it, this season is pretty good. I don't have that problem and my mail PTR doesn't reverse to my mail domain, it reverses to my ISP. Maybe because I have a really old domain. I was thinking about that and it would have to be perfect if it traced the actual road. Imagine if it traced slightly off the road or into another lane, the first person who would follow it into oncoming traffic would put an end to the whole project. Maybe recognize and highlight exit signs that you need to turn off on. It's usually high on the windshield and therefore not as distracting. Parking assist is another thing that isn't quite right. It alarms me when I'm still a foot or two away. When I turn it off, I park much more precisely. It probably made a hell of a lot of money though, selling to car manufacturers. There are several reasons that come to mind: 1. IP ownership - many companies include total IP ownership during your time of employment. 2. If it's a soul sucking place, you'll burn out quickly and won't want to touch a computer, even if you love coding. 3. Making some company 10-20x your salary is disheartening. 4. You are at the whim of your bosses. 5. Many companies make getting anything done a huge pain in the ass. Over zealous security policies, over tight virus scanners choking your development box, requiring shitty company hardware to develop on, some DBA rejecting your SQL because he decided everyone should do it this way this week, network guys not fixing a horribly slow network, etc. There are advantages, of course. The problem is you probably will never be able to get a business up and running while working at another job, it just takes too much attention. VS code is a snack for Linux and Mac developers. It is intended to lure those people to the Microsoft (and Azure) platform. They are able to do it so well, so quickly because Windows Visual Studio has much of that functionality already in it. I suspect VSCode, just like NETCore will become their standard. I'm sure they have a path to switchover. They are banking on Azure now, so anything that pulls people to Azure is what they are investing in. The biggest difference I can see between the Gates/Balmer era and the Nadella era is Gates/Balmer refused to do anything that would in any way endanger their Windows platform. This made them a ton of money for many years, but stole from their future as Linux took over the server side. I didn't mean to imply the code was the same or the editor was the same, but that the VSCode team have access to the original source code for all the compiler and intellisense algorithms that were already written, tuned and figured out. I down voted your post too. You told him he was mansplaining and to please stop. How does that help anything in the discussion? I appreciate the wage gap problem, but throwing terms like "mansplaining," are typically done by garbage websites trying to get clicks by stirring up gender tensions. It actually stands to freeze progress rather than further it, but hey, ad revenue right? Yes, I would also like to know how doubling the work force as a factor in pushing down wages is a fallacy (particularly in the 80s). I understand it's a complex problem. Another factor in stagnant wages is automation and much of what we tout as worker productivity isn't necessarily workers working 10x faster or harder, but automation allowing them to get 10x more done. Think in terms of Excel vs "running the numbers" manually, databases vs. file cabinets, etc. As an aside, part of the reason the VA is so inefficient is that many of their patient records are (were?) in file cabinets. The worker doesn't do 10x the work out of pure skill (though learning to use Excel is part of it) but the investment in licenses and software done by the business. It's fair to say if the business invested in building a software system, they should reap the benefits of the productivity it yields, even though that stagnates wages. I also believe a worker who understands Excel should have higher wages than one that doesn't, though today, it's a requirement for a job in accounting. Yes, unit tests have their place, but you have to understand why they are needed. To me, it's secondary and has tones of bike shedding in it. Writing tests is easy, mentally. Getting a good, simple, YAGNI/DRY architecture is more challenging and requires several iterations, something that is resisted if you have to rewrite all your unit tests. Let me put it this way, if you write an architecture that you later don't like, you would be more hesitant to scrap it and start over because all the additional work of the unit tests (especially if you're on a deadline). That's bad. To write a good architecture, a developer must be willing to realize he could have done it better and be willing to tear it down instead of build around the bad architecture. That's how you write 20 year code, which should be almost everyone's goal. The beast never starves because the GOP feeds it when it's theirs. They complained endlessly about the debt, but once they are in power, they are proposing the largest tax cut we've probably every seen. It's all a lie. For what it's worth, I'm all for reigning in government spending and power. Sounds like we are ratcheting up another drug war. Also, military spending of WWII got us out of the depression. We haven't really stopped and no one really knows what would happen to our economy if we did. I would like to see some of that diverted into more important things like health care. Of course the whole prison concept is very, very expensive. We house more prisoners (total, not per capita) than any other country in the world. How much does that cost us in money and liberty? http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/shared/spl/hi/uk/06/prisons/html/nn2... Yes, the idea that business is any better at not wasting money is a fallacy, particularly large, cash-cow businesses. But your point is right. The incentives for budgeting, at least at the government institution I worked for years ago is if you don't use it, you lose it, so it leads to completely using the budget every year regardless of if it is actually needed or not. A good example of this is all the union busting the GOP were championing in the 2010s or so. The police and fire unions supported the GOP and the GOP went on to reduce some of the power of the worker's unions. Scott Walker is one of these politicians. The police and fire unions were left unharmed and are still strong. There could be an argument that the strength of the police unions are partially to blame with the issues we are having with police shootings and lack of prosecution, among other things. Reference books, MSDN CD's, newsgroups, etc. That's what was really alluring about Amazon in the early days: they had the latest computer books. I have a bookshelf that's over 6' high full of old computer books. Probably $5K easy. Strange that this was down voted. Do people honestly not think armed insurrection is not a possibility in the US? It won't be grand, but it could certainly happen in pockets of desperation. In my experience, fresh graduates may (arguably) run faster, but they don't know which direction the finish line is. I've never used one, but I suspect one of the benefits is with the CPU on the screen side, you don't get bacon legs like you would with a traditional laptop. Yes, I think this very thing when people try to commoditize software components by analogizing them to a wheel. It works in some places (I wouldn't want to write a custom Redis or an RDBMS) but in most places, it falls down. All the people I've heard use that analogy don't know what they're talking about when it comes to software development. I think it comes from the "Taco Bell" MBA types. They're the same people who think WordPress will put all web developers out of business. It's frustrating to see the art of software development regress so much. Unfortunately most businesses these days rely on MBAs to make those decisions. Most MBA tracks don't even offer software development courses. They offer Accounting, Finance and Marketing, but not software development. That's funny because all of Accounting, Finance, Marketing and especially Operations run and rely on software systems, many designed and/or customized in house. It's a huge gaping hole in management knowledge in the US and it shows. http://www.hbs.edu/coursecatalog/ Guild. Like the Screen Writer's Guild, Actor's Guild, etc. We had a guy who was an OK developer, but he read all these articles about this and that. He decided to make a 2 page application "micro serviced." It contained 56 projects and counting. For a 2 page application. It was the most convoluted piece of garbage I have ever seen. It was 4 projects per entity plus a few shared projects: the Dtos, the data, the WebAPI, and the tests; all for each entity. I wish writers would stop diluting the word addiction. Go smoke a carton of cigarettes a week for a month and you'll see what addiction feels like. Habitual is the word they are looking for. >Don’t trigger the decay model of trust — why is management tolerating this shit?! I can't reiterate this enough. Once company I worked for fired the COO that had built the operations when he had serious personal issues that bled into the working environment. I knew it was a serious company after that, I could imagine how difficult it was and he created a great operational culture and working environment before his issues. Fast forward a few years after an acquisition. The new owners have so many Bozo's in executive positions the place is toxic. Is replacing people with automation at $0.10 on the dollar ethical? That, in a nutshell is what software developers do. >If the contract says "provide service X with 99.999% availability" If you read those contracts, you have to read what the consequences are for breaking that uptime guarantee. Usually it's something silly like 10% off your next bill. What's always worked in the past is hire good people, pay them well, treat them well and train them well. Pretty simple. Authoritarian type companies tend to do poorly at that though. >With all due respect I would never hire someone who has been arrested for meth and heroin because it screams potential problems. Is there a term of limitations on that? What if it was 7 years ago? 10? 20? I understand your point of view and it's rational, but as time goes by, do you think it becomes irrational? I played 5 years of football in middle/high school as a defensive and offensive tackle. I played hard and hit hard but fortunately never had a serious injury. The only one I had was a torn rotator cuff in the last game of my senior year. I was ok with that because it got me out of wrestling camp. I didn't want to play at first, and was forced in 9th grade (2nd year). Apparently my grades were better when I was busy after school. I got to like it after I improved. I'm also a geek; have been since 3rd grade. I'm glad I did it though, it gave me much confidence and it's good to work and excel at completely different disciplines. It also showed me what hard work really feels like. As one coach said, if you can make it through practices, you can make it through anything. That's stayed with me and helped me get through a lot. Go check out the clinic. At least get an evaluation. I wasn't aware these sort of things were treatable. After reading of all the problems with concussions that can affect any level of player, it would be silly not to, especially if you are experiencing symptoms. Your weight loss is startling. Good luck. >And the answer is a resounding no. Agreed. Apart from understanding logic, complex math is such a small part of development. I would say programming requires the overlap of knack for math and a pure creative interest like painting. That's much, much rarer. During the dot boom, there were plenty of CS grads, but after the dot bomb and the market dried up, people lost interest. Also, the pay and incentives aren't nearly as good as they were during the dot boom. Add off shoring, constantly pushing down wages, and the fact that most US businesses make programming miserable, that's probably most of the big picture. They're all made up terms that are mostly meaningless. You are assuming the companies care enough. Their current strategy is petition the government to open offshoring quotas. That's much easier and cheaper than actually figuring something out. >Every time you get dragged through some pointless, patronizing and degrading interview process that assumes that you don't know your stuff - you can thank the cheaters and fakers, and the fact that our industry doesn't have the will to root them out. Not only that, but it devalues and dilutes your own degree, which is significantly more damaging monetarily. By using the term "freaked out," it implies that automation isn't anything to worry about. The difference between now and then is the scope and the speed. That's what really kicked this epidemic into high gear. The government decided to "crack down" on pills and now all the people who were hooked switched to heroin, which is harder to gauge dosage because it doesn't say right on the bottle. I don't think our government is humble enough to admit the mistake, so many more people will die. Not only that, if someone has a leg injury and works doing roofs or tiles or is a plumber, it helps them get back to work faster. We have nearly zero safety net in the US. For those that don't know, September was when all the freshmen would get their first access to the non-commercial internet in college. It was a pain because they (we) had to learn all the nuances of how to interact with the people already on it. Newgroups, IIRC, etc. Eternal September is the term for when the internet went commercial in 1995. Wow that happened 27 years ago. Time does fly. I certainly don't see this as exclusive to Silicon Valley. I think it's widespread in corporate America. So if say China were to commit to something with more teeth, the US would in essence be complying since we buy much of our good from there. Would that be a fair statement? Hah. Damn rum. >"Being stuck in problem solving" IMHO is a veritable source of professional happiness I agree, but it's because the reward is so great. I would imagine it's a different feeling if I was fixing someone else's (say offshore team) bugs all day. Do you do scrum where you work? >So what if low birth rates break their system? Birth rates fund our social security system. It keeps the "Ponzi" scheme going. I think I'm having a hard time with it being called a Ponzi scheme. Had an individual invested the amount they put into SS into the market, it would not be a Ponzi scheme, and is essentially a 401K. Is SS is only a Ponzi scheme because of the way the government manages it? If I take a step back and government takes money an invests it into the growth of the GDP, is it no longer a Ponzi scheme? Every two weeks sounds great. At my last company "they" decided to do scrum. We had stand-ups daily (with 2 developers) and it was horrible micromanagement. They send out our burndown chart every day and if we were behind, the "scrum master" would constantly ask why and if we would make it on time. We had to do estimates and story refinement for hours. It was a huge mess. I quit and will never work for a company that is like that again. I can see the similarities, at least with a pyramid scheme (which I think is synonymous). Current "investors" are paid by future "investors." Current investors being people collecting SS, future investors being people paying into the system. When it was first enacted, the "current" investors at the time hadn't put anything in (obviously). I know that's a huge oversimplification. As GDP rises so does the tax revenue (assuming politicians stop cutting taxes) so I understand it's a little more nuanced than a simple scheme. Also, when we had a SS surplus (in the 90s?), the politicians of course spent it all while increasing the debt. I don't think there is anything inherently wrong with the way it works financially, as long as the government manages it properly, which they aren't. That's not true. If it nets a return greater than the costs, then the costs don't "cost" anything. Think of it this way: do you think having a large college educated population is a net good or a net bad for the US? I would imagine getting a 14th place ribbon is akin to having to wear a dunce cap. Talking to old timers when I was young (I'm getting to be an old timer), they were all graded on a bell curve in college: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grading_on_a_curve That sounds great when the tests are hard, but when they're easy, if you got a B and you had the lowest B, it would turn into an F. Of course, the worse students (relatively) would flunk out of school. If you were in a batch of really bright students and you were one of them, that would suck. When I went to college, I remember professors only applying the curve when everyone did poorly on the exam. For what it's worth, my wife recently completed her college degree and it was about the same in difficulty as mine 20+ years ago. A half joking response (only half), I would say your own code you wrote a year ago. I do the same but I also have VMWare Fusion for when I feel like doing Windows development. I created shortcut keys that match Xcode, so instead of [End], I use Cmd ->, etc. and they feel quite natural. Call waiting will take you down every time! :) I believe the process goes something like this: 1. We find human remains we can date back 100,000 years. Press release that we know humans are at least 100,000 years old. 2. We find human remains we can date back 150,000 years. Press release that we know humans are at least 150,000 years old. We were wrong about #1 (sort of). 3. We find human remains we can date back 200,000 years. Press release that we know humans are at least 200,000 years old. We were wrong about #1 & #2 (sort of). This particular skull is apparently slightly elongated compared to than of modern humans, so that is spawning some debate, which is good. I don't know if some would consider this a parent species because of this, but probably. An interesting paragraph I read in one of these articles on this recent discovery is that fossils this old are difficult to find because it requires an dry, arid area to survive. Assuming that humanity started in Africa will probably never be disproven because we would need to find a fossil older than 300,000 years that's not in Africa. I assume we think this based on the only evidence we have: we've only found the oldest fossils in Africa. I would guess that's up to each researcher. When I was familiarizing myself about some of this on Wikipedia, I noticed that by the time homo erectus came around our predecessors already knew how to control fire and make clothing. Yes, it's the soft questions that really answer, "will this guy excel," for me. I'm on a sabbatical and I'm using the time to develop a product, because that's what I like to do. I want people like that. Imagine if we had such a staunch advocate for other constitutional rights, like privacy and right to protest? Yes,they are, but with the NRA, politicians are scared to pass any restrictions on gun limitations, effectively stopping it before it starts. With the ACLU, politicians are quick to erode our other rights and only compromise after a long fight leaving us with fewer rights. Over time, our rights are fewer and fewer. I always ask myself what would a WWI vet think of our current state of rights? I think the ACLU does a great job, but they aren't as effective as the NRA.