It's a step forward for RepRap...but to be cruel, this is like your disabled child learning to use a spoon at age 6. I love the project a lot; I was friends with one of the founders ~15 years ago, until we got separated by geography. He had an amazing hack/DIY ethic then, and clearly still does - I'm very impressed with what he's achieved. But as you can see from the RepRap homepage, funding comes from donations, t-shirts and kit sales. Ideologically pure DIY is laudable but we've all seen software projects that were a triumph of individual achievement and a true labor of love, but where v1.0 finally landed with an interface that was >5 years out of date. The problem at bottom is that RepRap can't do things on a very fine scale, and you can't build a new RepRap from an existing one - you can make bits, but not the motors or the extruder, which are exactly the (relatively) expensive and hard-to-source parts in shortest supply in places like Africa. Given the increasing quality and affordability of commercial RP and 3d printing machines, it might make a lot more sense to raise a few hundred k or a few million in capital, buy the good commercial stuff, and skip several generations, just as the OLPC was (presumably) designed on the most up-to-date computers available, rather than being bootstrapped on 8086 machines for reasons of ideological purity. Reprap is a great venture, but it's never going to get there by itself, and the founders are never going to dirty themselves asking for a big check in exchange for any kind of commercial license. It's held back by it's 'techno-Amish' origins. Or in short, their lack of interest in scaling up limits the hardware's ability to scale down. I talk too much. I am now :-) and I think their emphasis on low cost and general utility (as opposed to self-reproducibility) will net them more users and $. I've also been following the Desktop Factory, who promise 3 desktop printing for $5k: http://www.desktopfactory.com/ Still vaporware commercially speaking, but ti doesn't hurt that they look a Real Company. I hope I don't sound too down on the RepRap or on you for posting it. I've got a classic case of the 'introverted total DIY = unfinished project' myself. Right back to the days of MS-DOS, every other OS version from Redmond seemed to garner contempt, only for the complainers to be mollified by the version that came after (and claim credit a la 'finally Microsoft has listened to what people like me have been saying since the release of FU-DOS 4.0...'). Vista hasn't been a failure for MS, just not an obvious success. 'Failure' brings to mind things like OS/2. For >20 years now, I've just been in the habit of preferring the odd-numbered versions, and assuming that the even-numbered versions were meant as incubators for the next major shift (most recently, from 32 to 64 bit computing). At first I thought this was due to ham-handedness at MS, but nowadays I wonder if it isn't the actual strategy - the pattern has repeated so many times now, perhaps it's because it actually works for MS. Notice how aggressive advertising on Vista's behalf only began last year as W7 was going into beta. Thus, I predict that Windows 8 will require a minimum of 2 cores, 16gb of RAM and a 1gb Graphics card, leverage virtualization technology for application switching and be decried as a hugely inefficient and pointless attempt to recycle server solutions onto the desktop for no good reason. When Windows 9 emerges, there will be many headlines of the 'Microsoft desperately needs to recover from the disaster that was Windows 8...' variety. I'm not so sure about that. In California (and in several other places I've lived) the odds of winning are written out on the back of the ticket. Sure, a lot of people believe in not-systems like studying past numbers or drawing numbers from their dreams or casting spells; but deep down I think most people understand 'odds of winning = 1 in 57 million'. Lottery addicts certainly can't do math since they waste a lot of money on tickets. But a good many other people just buy one a week or just occasionally, eg when there's a particularly large jackpot on offer. This isn't so irrational; a regular player will make a few bucks back over the year on small prizes, and the risk/reward ratio improves for a big jackpot even though the odds don't. It's worth recalling that while the odds on any individual ticket are awful, enough people are playing that people do win big prizes on a semi-regular basis. For small-spend players who can afford it, and may think of it as semi-charitable given the uses to which lottery profits are put, is it really any more irrational than certain kinds of insurance? Easy. You already had that knowledge and just didn't apply it, for one reason or another. You know when something is cool in your chosen field(s). If you're a geek, that means when you first encountered a modem, IP, Linux or Google, depending on your age. As Pirsig - or rather, his muse - says in 'Zen & the art of motorcycle maintenance': Quality is what you like. Everyone has in-depth knowledge of something , even stupid people; so when the 'woah, cool ' reaction takes place it's just a matter of relating it back to your area of knowledge and the significance thereof (obviously, if your specialty is knitting, carbon-fiber knitting needles probably won't make the front page...but then, there are a lot of knitters out there....what do I know?). You can, and do, sense the potential easily. It's the 10% inspiration. The reason most people, myself included, don't capitalize on things like this is because they are unable or unwilling to commit the money or time. Kinda like romance, you know pretty fast whether you'd like to sleep with someone, but committing to seeing them daily requires a decision, and many of us are nervous of risking the money or time involved; indeed, nervous in proportion to our ability to be carried away on a wave on enthusiasm. In this case, I recommend setting a limit of time and/or money to invest, and a cutoff date by which you'll give up if it turns out to suck. Yes, amateur programmers will soon run up against the limits of their knowledge; a few will go pro, others will give up. But the most important outcome will be from non-programmers and non-designers coming up with paradigm-busting ideas, which will look like crap at first but turn out to be important later. It's a perennial issue, but not a very important one. Fears that 'I'll be left behind if I don't take xxxxx because everyone else is' are overblown, and balanced by fears of 'I'm only productive because I take cocaine, maybe I actually suck' or whatever. I've always liked recreational drugs, and a little boost at a critical moment can enhance work; but since one's body quickly develops a tolerance it's not compatible with any long-term work consumption (as many have found to their cost). Many (most?) articles about drugs posit some kind of linear relationship between the input and output, whereas the reality is nonlinear dynamic system with a complex feedback loop. Thus, I love a big mug of coffee every morning, but it's not so much that it makes me super-productive as I get a bit slow and crabby on the days when I skip my coffee. It doesn't give me any edge over a non-coffee drinker. On the other hand I don't get a caffeine hangover or crash, which would be a risk with a more potent drug if I took it regularly. Anyway...the article assumes there's only one kind of enhancement. A good scientist or engineer is just as likely to have a brekthrough idea while decompressing on the weekend with a beer or a fattie, as when sitting at their work station. Same reason many people get their best ideas while walking, soaking in the tub, or whatever. A foolish article - why the graphic about browser wars, when the real comparison is between Office Enterprise and things like Google Docs (who will surely be competing against Oracle + Sun now)? Yes, the OS is less relevant now as many users don't need more computing power than a netbook + SAS can provide, but it still matters. High-powered consoles won't kill PC games, I doubt I'll be editing HD video over the net any time soon (although I wouldn't object), and no large corporation or medium is going to outsource its operations to some third-party provider of cloud services. Just because something is commoditized doesn't make it irrelevant. Cars are functionally identical for 90% of drivers but people still have preferences there. There are similar devices and ideas, aggregated here: http://www.patentstorm.us/patents/6670894.html Personally, I don't see much hope for something that requires you to maintain a mental picture of a qwerty keyboard while you type. I do about 85 wpm with 10 fingers but when I try to type on the surface of my desk I just get lost, even looking right at my keyboard 3 inches away from my fingers. Bosh. the cost of the settlement was relatively paltry. Microsoft could throw a budget of 10 times the amount at it if Bill Gates woke up with a bee in his bonnet tomorrow. sounds like Freud's temporary conviction that cocaine was the key to liberating man from his natural limitations. What goes around comes around...I guess writers like these articles, because we're always on the cusp a social change, and there will always be new people trying drugs for the first time and getting some positive benefits. tl;dr; 'intellectuals get high like everyone else - film at 11'. I wish PG Wodehouse's estate would put this lame trdemark out of its misery. Ask.com has no discernible reason to go on living: I predict they'll get asset stripped when the economy turns, assuming their server hardware is worth selling off. Let's perform a little experiment... Search the web for 'why is ask better than google' » Result #1 Is Ask.com Better Than Google? Like you, I've been watching what looks to be a very powerful campaign by Ask.com quoting a bunch of folks I know as saying that its search engine is better than Google's. I'm a big Google user and have developed a set of skills that allows... http://www.technewsworld.com/story/commentary/53184.htm.. . Result #2 Why is google better than ask jeeves? From: Recommended Search Engines UC Berkeley - Teaching Library Internet Workshops Google alone not always sufficient, however. Less than half the searchable Web is fully searchable in Google. Overlap studies show that more than 80% of the ... http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20080311053.. . Result #3...oh wait, that's it. Hmmm. That would be interesting, for sure. I like some of the design tools found in ps3 games - and yet again, I wonder why game consoles aren't made more expandable. I'm sure it would transcode video faster than my PC, though I've been disappointed at the scanty amount of code produced for Linux on PS3. I thought there'd be a much more robust hobby scene around it by now, but Sony's decision to wall off the GPU alienated a lot of people. I have to admit that articles like the above make me feel somewhat better about my failure to accumulate any significant financial assets over the last 20 years. Not having enough salted away is somewhat worrying, but if I'd watched it evaporate I'd be going long on assault rifles right now. I say no. even the intense technophobia of man like the Unabomber indirectly generated a level of economic activity that would have astonished people of a pre-technological society, and when he issued his manifesto the Internet was using training wheels compared to today. I don't have direct experience, but on the purely practical level: a. you could do worse than learn to use sketchup. I can't tell from your description how complex or mechanical your 'thing' is. If it's beyond your capabilities, advertise for someone to do it, but have them sign a 'work for hire' agreement which includes a rigid confidentiality clause. b. it's hard to say because I can't tell whether it's a widget (handy-shaped thing) or a gadget (handy single-function machine). If the former, look into Rapid prototyping and/or 3d printing. If the latter, research similar products, find out what class they are described as, then investigate manufacturers in China.* * Who will probably ignore your confidentiality clause, foolish roundeye. I'm sorry this is so hand-waving, but I honestly don't know whether you're making a plastic resistor drawer or a self-regulating soldering iron. It might be worth advertising for an electronic engineer to do some consulting, executing the above-mentioned work-for-hire agreement, and asking them to evaluate the functionality of your prototype. Best of luck. It sounds like great fun until your rapid transit pod plunges into a bath of superheated magma. Vomitous fellow passengers would not be my primary anxiety about this mode of travel. I have chronic case of ADHD (medically diagnosed) although I am not currently taking any drugs for it. Good habits help as do good tools (Gmail has literally lowered my blood pressure), but the most important aids are an understanding but challenging partner and/or employer. I don't think of it as a disorder but as a condition, neither good nor bad; I'm lucky enough to have a high IQ that allows me to exploit the upside and try not to use the downsides as an excuse for inactivity. Good second link. I have nothing bad to say about Dr. Hoffman's 'problem child'. Excellent points - wish I could vote it up twice. Ultimately there is an economy of trust, and most people are poor economists. I share your regard for Gracian, despite being lamentably bad at such calculus. The best advice I ever received is to associate with successful people (however you define success) and be helpful when given the opportunity. Owning your failures is always more satisfying than trying to assign them to someone else; sharing credit for your success is always more attractive than trying to hoard it. This kind of wealth is independent of your bank balance. apparently those where nicotine consumption is socially acceptable are winning Nicotine consumption is at least as acceptable in poor or slowly developing countries as in well-developed ones. Lots of people smoke in Egypt, Greece, and France, but none of those countries is a trailblazing economy. France has many virtues, but is arguably excessively paternalistic. Sure, you do have a point. I just had a cigarette, so I am in no position to argue :-) That said, at 38 I'm painfully aware of the deleterious effects of smoking for the last 2 decades and unable to be flippant about this. On a broader level, it's worth considering that something like 40-50% of tobacco sales in the US are made to mentally ill people, who find chemical relief therein, but aren't necessarily better off from doing so. One might, with equal or greater historical basis, argue for the success of tea-drinking societies. Or marijuana. The bottom line is that the most productive people in society will find ways to leverage productivity out of drugs as much as anything else, while the least productive will substitute the feeling for the practice. Twitter seems to me to have much more in common with IRC than Facebook or Myspace; the primary difference is the persistence of identity across the system. Sorry, I meant in social terms, rather than the technical or business model. The way I see people using Twitter reminds me of the social dynamics on IRC, just on a much larger scale. Well, I do feel it's a bad thing. Cigarettes are so far down the scale of drug delivery methods that I feel we have an obligation to do better. Surely something similar to an asthma inhaler that delivered a hit of nicotine or similar would not be too expensive to develop, and could provide mental relief without the same physical costs. Obviously, I have a chip on my shoulder about these issues; you're not wrong, I'd just like see a better ange of therapeutic options. Fonts are very different from stock images. They provide texture, not content: nobody goes to a web page to read 'Lorem Ipsum' written in an attractive font. I'd say a font is similar to the film stock on which a photo is shot. There are lots of cool and distinctive film stocks out there...but Kodak doesn't collect any royalties on the tasty silver halide look of an Ansel Adams photo. There are a lot of things you could do with it besides games. Math, other kinds of data visualization, and so on. even on games, not all games re performance oriented; 2nd Life looks stupid but a lot of people like it. I wouldn't be surprised to see Google's failed attempt to copy it revived soon. Interesting. It seems to have got stalled in the gray area between the right to sell cigarettes as a commodity and the argument to have tobacco regulated by the FDA: http://articles.latimes.com/2005/oct/30/business/fi-chrysali... If only more people would reply inline! It's the one huge downside of graphic email, most people never acquired the habit of line quote/answer. I find it incredibly rude to get a 200k email where I have to keep scrolling up and down to older stuff to see what's being referred to, when inline quoting would be so much more efficient. the worst demographic are older (>35) users who came to email late. Younger people are more succinct and early adopters of email are still efficient. Oh well, get off my lawn. This is interesting to me since he's my mayor. Of course both in Ca in general and SF in particular, the main candidates have been known for months, the announcement i just a formality. It's notable how strong a statement the selection of Twitter makes, though. Marshall McLuhan rides again! Um, around town? I don't know if this would cope with the hills of San Francisco, but the reason I don't own a car is that I rarely go past the city limit. Of course this is useless if you live in the country or some sleeper town where you face a long commute to work. Fine, it's not aimed at those markets, any more than city dwellers are the prime market for full-size pickup trucks. Sheesh - they even call it a ' neighborhood electric vehicle'. I do think the graphic design of the thing is sheer genius. If the price is right and things are sufficiently maneuverable, then great. Not so smart, however, was choosing the same name as a poorly-perceived grocery delivery service: http://www.peapod.com/ It's not worth $39, certainly not $49. I haven't even used it, just looked at your web page: but I have a strong professional background in this area, so I know what it does. There are many shareware programs which do this, and others are free: this goes double for plugins, and there's a better than-even chance that a musician who likes computers already has some kind of multitrack software which accomodates plugins. They likely also have a hardware audio interface with a special low-impedance input for plugging in a guitar and got equivalent software for free. So that's black mark #1 - you're not offering much new functionality. Black mark #2 is your interface. It is beautifully clean, I applaud that. However, while an audio waveform is wonderful for engineers, it's not so much for musicians. It might be better to generate a low-resolution spectral display, by applying (say) a 256-band FFT which won't cause any computer to break a sweat but would give a more musically meaningful presentation, and set you apart from the competition. As you have already implemented pitch-independent time stretching, you probably know how to do this. Personally, I would not waste so much space on the album art either, but that's me. I'd like to see you add some more features, which wouldn't break your interface. While decomposing a a piece of music into polyphonic pitch information is hard (see http://www.celemony.com/cms/index.php?id=635 for the technology leader), deriving the 8key* of the music from a relatively coarse FFT analysis is not so difficult. Having the key signature, and indeed the bpm, appear on the left side or over blocks in the audio display should be easily achievable and would add a lot of value. Another thing you could do is offer a button to extract or remove the top (usually vocal) melody line. This is easy: take a stereo file, invert one channel, and add it to the other. this will give you a (mono) karaoke track, since the vocals are almost always panned to the center. You'll lose the kick drums and bass too, but you could limit to the bandwidth of the human voice. Invert and add the karaoke channel to both sides of the stereo waveform, and you'll get only the center, allowing the musician to either copy or accompany the lead vocal and not much else. There's nothing more complex than a multiply-add operation going on here ((waveform.position.leftchannel.samplevalue * -1) + waveform.position.rightchannel.samplevalue ...etc.) so you should be able to do this in realtime with virtually no performance hit. Finally, consider taking the live stream of input from the microphone input (eg the guitar), FFting it, and doing a loose correlation with the FFT of the playing track to derive a little 'accuracy' meter. Of course there will be much more audio information in the track unless it's also an acoustic guitar solo, but the frequency response of the live input should be a subset of this as long as the musician is playing in time. When they start to drag or lead the backing track, the energy of individual frequency bins will exceed those of the backing track. Sorry for being so harsh, but I do think you're asking too much for something that most people will perceive as little more than a 'hello world' audio program. If I were you I would protoype the functionality in reaktor or some other visual-programming tool, add some more useful and unusual modes of display or operation as above, and then bring that back to your clean interface. Capo is selling to a market that includes folks who (and I'm included) would easily throw an extra $100 into a guitar because it has a nice rosewood back & sides versus mahogany. Yes...but the guitar will be seen/heard on stage. People will generally spend a lot more on their t-shirt than on their underpants or socks. Nobody with an interest in musical performance wants to advertise the tedium or difficulties of musical practice, so because that part isn't glamorous. So don't base your price point on appealing to the musician's ego about investing in themselves. Motorola used to do devkits for their 56k series that featured USB or RS232 connections to a box containing the DSP and a pair of audio i/o jacks with average DACs. This plus a front-end DSP environment like http://synthmaker.co.uk/ would sell like hot cakes. Update to this now please: http://www.ece.ucdavis.edu/vcl/asap/asap_demo_boards.html Agreed, a lot depends on the price. However, you can't take a 50cc scooter on the freeway. If the price/TCO is right, I could see these selling as fleet vehicles for, say, mail delivery. Those little 'smart cars' from Mercedes and others seem to be doing OK. I don't own a car, so to me a car fit for a road trip and a little runaround-town vehicle are two completely different products. I'd rather own the latter and rent the former once or twice a year. edit: the proposed $20k isn't a winner, though. I think this kind of vehicle needs to be shooting for $5-7,500. Well, you're right to feel proud. It's a fine and refreshingly hype-light product. The only change I'd like to see is a simple application included that takes a common 3d file format (blender, pov or something) and spits out a rendered bitmap. Instead of waiting for developers to add Caustic support to their 3d apps over the summer, this would allow a 3d artist to start saving time tomorrow, even knowing that that it wasn't optimized. The little app displayed in the video demo would be more than sufficient, it just doesn't seem from the website like it comes with any ready-to-use tools for the non-programmer. Nokia says they're not aware of any software vulnerability, and I believe them. But if some essential information is transmitted in clear and can be read out or blocked via a small hack to the phone's PCB, then it would be a hardware vulnerability, no? People like hard-modding old digital synthesizers, and a phone is just another kind of DSP device. You're going to have hard time cruising at 100 mph if everyone around you is doing 50. And to stick with the road metaphor, while you could go find some isolated piece of highway and scream down it at maximum speed, you won't necessarily find many people interested in following you (or in academic terms, appreciating your result). Perhaps having a high IQ slows down some kinds of learning because the holder tends to discount advice that is not presented in an intellectually compelling fashion. Telling a high-IQ child to behave a certain way 'because I said so' isn't terribly convincing. Even though the advice itself may be valuable, an inability to articulate why will hinder its delivery. Or the old question, if you're so smart, how come you ain't rich? Smarts often don't correlate with savvy (or IQ != EQ or however you want to express it). I'd happily trade some of the former for more of the latter. For reason and other, I've never been able to exploit my IQ to the extent that I'd like. From an evolutionary POV, the number of past sexual partners is the number of women who 'voted' you to have mating potential. Women grant more weight to other women's evaluation of you than they do to what you think about yourself. 'Strue. I do get frustrated with the registry model, although I've gotten good at dealing with it. On the other hand, custom GUIs help to improve Linux penetration, since many people are intimidated the command line or configuration file editing. I like Win and Linux, Mac seems to me to combine the worst of both. Sure, it's personal. Application compatibility matters, Linux lags badly on video & audio editing tools. When I first ran Linux around 1993, what really annoyed me were Emacs & vi. Sure, they're powerful, but extremely alienating to new users. DOS had Edit, or Windows 3 had Notepad. Ubuntu and like distros succeed because most people just want to drive without learning how to be a mechanic. Linux's biggest problem is people's perception that there's no 'standard' distribution and that they're going to have do an awful lot of icky maintenance. That's who all those 'Hi! I'm a Mac' commercials are aimed at, I guess. Those who are suffering in ignorance are not power-users-in-waiting. There is no such thing as 'sound money'. Being on a gold standard is not a panacea: you're just exchanging one kind of debt marker for another. The US was on the gold standard in 1929 and other countries were on it much later. Booms and busts will still occur. As soon as you move away from a barter system and give up trading bullets for beans, then whatever you substitute, whether it's gold, greenbacks, or cowrie shells, is someone's obligation to pay - with a bank or government treasury acting as their proxy. The Dutch Tulip mania in the 17th century is a case in point. No matter how treasury power is configured, it will be open to abuse. This is not to dispute your valid points about moral hazard. However, the 'sound money' meme is nothing more than a fetish which appeals to people who have trouble dealing with the abstractions of economics. In the simplest possible therms: gold is only valuable because a lot of people believe it to be so. Blaming the Fed for everything is a rabbit-hole down which intelligent analysis goes to die. Countries with an independent central back are almost always more stable than those where the government has direct control of the money supply. Today's outstanding example of that is Zimbabwe. And so, AngelFire had finally triumphed... Is it me, or do all portal-type services seem to go through the same curve, since CompuServe to Facebook? Unified interface and handy tools excite early adopters, interest scales in sigmoid fashion, plateaus, and diminishing returns set in as the signal-to-noise ratio declines, followed by profitability. It seems to happen over and over again, like waves on the seashore. Many people clearly want a 'home' on the net with a structured community...much the same way people like suburban tract housing with homeowner's associations. Every few years someone makes fat money by finding a new way to cater to these people, few of whom want to maintain their own domain or pages. Numerous me-too sites grab a small slice of this (like facespace.com...really). 5 years later, it's like that nightclub down the street that used to be so cool. Absolutely not. The financial crisis was an inevitability from September 2007. If anything the oil crisis slowed down or even softened its impact in 3 ways: a) it vented liquidity from the dreadfully overheated mortgage market b) it deflected attention onto oil companies even though most of the change in oil prices was driven by merchant bankers looking for somewhere to park cash c) it created a high degree of demand destruction, slowing the economy down significantly This didn't drive us (or any other country) into recession, but rather caused us to take a closer look at the drivers of the economy and realize that the real estate bubble had already peaked. My personal opinion is that if it hadn't been for the oil shock the financial crisis would have come 3-6 months earlier and been even more stabilizing. I did a lot of research into this last year for a documentary, but shelved it due to inertia and changing events. I feel strongly that the oil crisis happened because of the deeper financial crisis, but still can't decide if it was a naturally emergent symptom or a wholly engineered plan B which succeeded in staving off total collapse. Or somewhere in between. already: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=576053 Google should buy it for Docs - looks like it was designed with their API. The help page (Learn more) is also a model of clarity and good documentation. Excellent work. Please take my comment as a truism about evolution rather than women in particular. The extremely superficial explanation is my view of one strategy among many. Primitive strategies are none the worse for being primitive: though no guarantor of success, they're often adequate. thus the number of citations of a science paper is not a direct reflection of its quality, but not irrelevant either. I was surprised to discover that market traders, far from being tight-lipped about their strategic overview, spend a lot of time calling each other up when things were slow to ask what their competitors thought of the day's financial 'weather'. Google's Pageranks are similar. And so on. It is true that a fairly non-promiscuous person will likely be a better parent and thus a desirable match. Nevertheless, some competitive genes don't hurt. Also commitment after experience is more interesting than commitment by default (see daily YC thread on how 'Windows users only like it because it came with the computer they bought'). This is all ^his fault. http://docs.google.com/Doc?id=dd93s8qb_37dqrnxjdk It's not just Time and Newsweek. I get complimentary subscriptions to both Fortune and Money, and I find it almost impossible to read either of them. It's like a bad television transcript. (17 page rant about the failings of most media and media consumers implied) :blush: thank you. Just some ideas that were kicking round while I was failing to do much work today. You've inspired me to develop it further though. http://synthmaker.co.uk/ http://synthmaker.co.uk/about.html This tool is designed for audio DSP, but is not limited to that. If you're interested in this topic, I recommend downloading the trial, putting it in advanced mode, and just futzing about for a few hours. It's very accessible and fast to work with, and could be adapted to quite a lot of non-DSP tasks. I would love to see it generalized: the modules within are how I feel libraries should present. Draw graphs for data flow or complex functions, open up a code box for tight procedural stuff. Perhaps not what the author had in mind, but audio synthesis of this kind is event-driven, asynchronous and features a high degree of interactivity, so it may be worth further exploration. Please email if you know about this kind of cool stuff in other contexts. Thanks - no need to apologize. I do think you overlooked 2 things (or I didn't bring them out strongly enough): 1- entertaining doesn't have to be expensive to be impressive 2- throwing a dinner party or a garden party is a cheap and effective way to network But your point is well taken. There is no revenue to speak of at present. Also, that's what I inherited. I agree 100% on the website. The dead pages are due it being recently hacked/restored :-( But it's very much brochureware. I've had a lot of resistance to changing that, but your comment helps a lot. "Exciting new challenges that allow me to maximize my potential!" As an introvert, I'm wary of requests to articulate such things on demand. I'm probably not going to tell an interviewer that my greatest pleasures include cooking with my girlfriend or getting baked and playing with synthesizers. Video editor here. I much prefer it to a generic box or circle. Maybe an egg shape would be equally functional and prettier, but I liked the immediacy. Agreed. The program is overtly cost-conscious and I've made a lot of changes to bring out the 'caring and sharing' values of having guests to dinner rather than the aspirational ones. all the feedback from you and others has been studied carefully, and gratefully. I hate the phrase 'jumping the shark', but Gizmodo is doing it. That week-long listening special was the most naked display of commercial self-abasement I've seen in a while. If you have some money to spend and you really care about the sound^, you'll get the most bang for your buck by going to a professional music store and buying the kind of gear used in studios. Strangely (or not), you'll be hard put to find singe channel/speaker cables costing more than $50 in any recording studio unless it's in a huge room needing a long run. I know nothing about your home of course, but when it comes to speakers you basically want them to be heavy and have big woofers. Many studio monitor speakers are powered, with an amp built into the speaker cabinet. In practice, this usually gives better results than a separate amplifier. Mackie Truth monitors will fill an average room and are very accurate for about $1000. At the higher end, Genelec and ADAM are considered the truly desirable names to have. I particularly love the sound (and look) of KRK speakers. If using a subwoofer, 18 inches is fine. More is for reinforcement, not fidelity. Buy good stands which you can fill with sand to damp vibrations. Speakers should be around the same height as your head in the room's sweet spot, and basically form a triangle with your head as the third point. The bigger the sweet spot, the better the speaker. You must have carpet; a bare wood floor defeats the purpose. Nor do I know what gear you own, but prefer things which offer 'balanced outputs' - they reject interference and electrical noise far better. If you like records, get a technics SL1200 turntable and an Ortofon needle, for about $1500 altogether. If it's good enough for the world's best DJs, it's good enough for you. CD players from Marantz or Denon are excellent. Ask in the store about your mixing/source selection options, or we'll be here all day :-) ^ First, ask yourself honestly if looks matter. I love the look of studio gear, but that's because of my background as a sound engineer. Not everyone shares my utilitarian sensibility. Draw a floorplan/make photos. Go to Guitar Center and say you have a home recording studio and you need some acoustic foam and some bass traps (for the corners). Depends on your room, but $500 will buy you a lot of foam. Basically you want to break up the standing waves between parallel reflective surfaces. Hardwood floors are the worst culprit, along with windows. A sofa helps a lot. So do big heavy wall hangings if you're into that. Lastly, don't put your speakers in the corners or right back against the wall. It makes them sound boomy and results in muddy bass. The same is true if they're too near the floor. Also, try soundonsound.com for tips on acoustic improvement. Learn your room first: if you can make cheap speakers sound better then so will the pricey ones. Spend most of the money on speakers. If you absolutely must have control over the tone color via an equalizer, Manley is a good choice. Back in the day, CompuServe, Delphi etc. used to charge for connections by the mnute (not to mention for emails). Major phone companies like Verizon etc. still segment customers dependent on whether they're calling inside or outside the network (as if I care what carrier someone else sues, or are going to ask them to switch for my benefit!).I hope this model is doomed. I'm glad the current administration is committed to a broadband plan for the US, although I'm worried that the FCC has set it sights far too low. Personally, I'm OK with some taxes going towards this; Broadband is nowadays as important as a well-functioning road system. It seems to me that the poorer or less economically developed parts of the US would derive big long-term economic benefits. http://www.fcc.gov/broadband is the central FCC page for the electronic superhighway and related policies. Though very dull looking, there's a lot of substance at the links on the left. A reasonable point. Then again, drug use is arguably the primordial hack to your own wetware, and drug policy indirectly says something about how the state approaches individual cases it might not understand - consider the history of PGP, or whether Linux would have been developed in the US. So I vote for relevant, although only very peripherally. This is an intellectually lazy position, like dismissing a the findings of a scientific paper on the basis that the authors began with a hypothesis and sought evidence of its truth. Of course that happens, which is why the quality of sources and methodology should be taken into account. I haven't real the full paper yet, but the sourcing is impeccable, using government statistics and peer-reviewed papers rather than private surveys or anecdotal evidence. Agreed. I was scared of C for a long time, but it's actually a beautiful language. Deitel & Deitel's 'C; How to program' is a fine tutorial in both C and structured programming. YMMV. I think they supplement each other. Wikipedia is a great place to go explanatory material; statistics are a part of that but if you are really interested in the numbers behind something you'll probably follow up the citations. Alpha looks to have great potential as a tool for statistical discovery and analysis, but I rather doubt it auto-generate tutorials on what data mean or why they matter. It would be nice if Wikipedia can improve the quality of its articles by linking to Alpha; I hope Wolfram research won't exert a propriety attitude to its search results, but will make them available with something like a creative commons license to the extent that the original sources are in the public domain. I think that's just an attempt to make it easy for people to relate to. Think how useful a similar system might be in a hospital or lab setting, to say nothing of the more abtruse applications that only a physicist might think of. It might have relevance for things from inkjet printers to the way chemicals are deposited on wafers for chip fabrication. Remember that the physic are independent of the medium; water is the reference liquid because of its ubuity, but with this information you could equally well predict the behavior of other liquids by just altering the coefficient of viscosity and the density of the surrounding medium. I'll hazard a guess that it plays a role in cloud formation as well on a much slower scale. Phorque, this is just commentary on the same story (RR prints first circuit) you posted the other day. That was worthy of note, but commentary on same doesn't really add anything and this particular article is really lightweight. More like '5 reasons why Mac is no longer impractical for developers'. I think the only absolute benefit it offers (which is driving some people to it but curiously isn't mentioned) is being able to develop iPhone/iPod apps. Not hating on the Mac, or anything - competition is a good thing. I just didn't care for the evangelista tone. Thanks, I found this valuable. It's a good advert for Wolfram too; he's a lot more personable when he's talking about something else besides his resume :-) Famous people's communications are most often handled by others, which is part of what creates a perception of social value - you can't reach them directly. If I was well-known enough to have millions of people projecting their personal thoughts onto my image, I wouldn't be in any great hurry to take on a high-maintenance communication channel either. Once you do, you're kinda stuck with it. 1:40: trying to hide from my increasingly obsessive fans. LEAVE ME ALONE! It doesn't remind me of the iPhone so much as OS X. I'm uncertain why they would want to associate their new product with Apple's visual branding. I read the thing twice thinking I'd made some mistake and this was an Apple-led joint venture. Maybe it was a 'because we can' thing, but if I was Palm's head of marketing I'd be ripping someone a new one right now. I like the idea, but not the faux-wood visual interface, which reminded me of a Flash game at first blush. I think the weak part is you're offering coupons, rebates and special offers. These are already used and abused by many websites, and my first reaction was 'meh...more spam' - which is unfair, because such things do offer a value to the consumer...but it's just that I seem to get special offers when people have something they want to promote, rather than when I want to buy. Suggestion: give users points, then let them claim the rewards they actually want. This would be a source of more saleable data in itself. Alternatively, give out cash. Since the amount owed to any individual user is miniscule, you could adopt a lottery model and give 1 user out of 1000 a $100 every month, or whatever your numbers allow. It's a good concept, I just think you need something to set yourself apart from other information marketing companies and give you an unusual angle. It wasn't about women (to me) - I would have had the same reaction if it was gay porn. Or if it was a talk on security and featured photos of real life cops and criminals breaking the law. I'm sure it's a great database, but the visual baggage wound up being a major distraction. We shouldn't try to 'fix' things that aren't broken. I don't know how you got into hacking, but... Didn't strike me as Windows-bashing. I'd object too - if the university wants to use only certain tools, they can provide them (and have the responsibility for being able to load & export Excel data with OpenOffice). If the student wants to use other but equally powerful tools, it's not the university's business. I suspect this was dreamed up by accountants rather than faculty. What I meant to say (but did so poorly) was that requiring a certain software platform is like requiring certain brands of paper and pencils to be used for note taking. I draw a distinction between course materials and the tools used to study them. Using Excel spreadsheets as teaching/submission materials is fine by me, but it's not their business how the student deals with that, eg by using alternative software. I don't see why students should be required to only use Windows, any more than why they would be required to only use Dell laptops. FWIW I'm happily using windows right now...by choice. If you already enjoy membership in a specific in-group (whether that's the celebrity circuit, tenured faculty, holders of elected office or any other fairly elite social network), then the chances are that other people need to contact you than you needing to contact others. Nor do you necessarily need to leverage technology for a competitive edge to the same degree if you're already 'made it'. Some people are just conservative; apparently Donald Knuth gave up using email and spends his time writing 'the art of programming' and building pipe organs. Other people are unaware or just not interested. Anyway, I'm sure lots of famous people who are interested in the net make use of it, but choose not to advertise the fact. There are social networks exclusively for the wealthy and famous, such as asmallworld.net. Deterrence is unlikely to have much effect (especially given the facts of this case) and if they lose, which I think they will despite my not being a lawyer, they will have shot themselves in the foot. So far they've picked on exactly the sort of people who could be bullied into a settlement. Lessig would love to make a test case out of this. the irony of picking on Lessig himself (as opposed to whoever mixed the muppets with Anime) is too rich for words. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=586445 In other news, truth still stranger than fiction. Not what you were looking for, but Excel has long had a feature that allows you to assign names to ranges, and it's a big time saver. alternatively, you might like to check out Mathematica. Rubbish. If people have plenty money to buy laptops for themselves, they'll still buy netbooks for their kids. In fact the relative lack of power will be an asset, since parents won't want to think they're buying one so the kids can run Crysis. IANAL...but fuck that. I assume your previous communication about the 'unofficial version' was in writing, at least by email. So legally, they don't have a leg to stand on because they've already folded and accepted your right to supplement their service with your little app. I(f they had strenuously objected straight out of thegate that would be a different situation, but they've already committed to a course of action and now they're backtracking. You can show you dealt with them in good faith (I presume) so I think you're quite safe with 'thanks, but no thanks'. Needs moar audio equipment. Tried 5 different items, found all of them on google. Obscure, I know, but that's why I like search engines. Great concept though, bookmarked for future use. Don't know if it would help to scrape results looking for .pdf extensions. We're just not as smart as he thinks he is. Not much. As long as you have a fence to stop them running out into the road, goats will just wander around and munch grass all day. As will sheep. They need to be checked by a vet a couple of times a year. You guys are confusing the requirements for industrial farming (where you're committed to deliver a certain amount of milk or meat every x weeks) with the basics of animal husbandry. As long as you don't have so many goats that they eat the grass faster than it grows back, everything will be just fine. Keeping animals on a free range basis is extremely low-maintenance and low-impact. They just eat, poop, sit around and reproduce every so often. It's not a multi-day journey for the truck, whereas the lawnmower is likely to be running all day for several days. The distance is irrelevant, since a lawnmower can't travel at the same speed as a truck. Additionally, lawnmowers generally use 2 stroke engines which are inefficient and extremely noisy. You get greater economies of scale at a central power plant than with numerous distributed motors, plus you only need to install one set of scrubbers. Joule for joule, it's cleaner to run an electric motor on AC than to run your own generator. Looks like it has great potential. I hope there will be an API and am really looking forward to trying it out. The dynamic parsing aspects of it are what appeal to me. Some searches I plan to try when it's live; (some company) revenue - and I hope to get graphs for past years, and a pie chart for the current year, given that all that info is in a [public] company's 10k filing. Napoleon relationships - hopefully I should get a tree showing positive affiliations with Josephine & others, negative ones with Wellington & others, and ambiguous ones with with Talleyrand etc. I can think of a lot of others, but I'm keeping my mouth shut in case they have commercial mashup potential :-) I hope there will be an API or licensing terms which offer a low barrier to commercial entry. While New Zealand is not a world hub of IP, this should be closely watched. It will be extremely interesting to compare the terms of the 'rebooted' legislation with the existing incrementally altered system. I can't guess whether it will cut down the typical 'function creep' of incremental legislative extension or result in a major rebalancing in the same direction as the function creep (ie on behalf of copyright holders). I'll be surprised if it results in a tilt in favor of consumers. To the extent that HN has members or members have contacts over there, I hope someone will advocate alternative models such as Creative Commons licenses and similar, and argue on behalf of their legal utility. Another copyright issue that is little discussed is that of authorship. In Europe, if I write a book and you buy it, I may sell the copyright to you outright but I retain the right to be identified as the author. In the US no such right exists. I'm kinda stating the obvious here, but I hope people will pay close attention to this. It's not often the legal codebase is thrown out and rewritten, and this is a 'use it or lose it' situation for NZ citizens, whose participation and reaction will be closely studied by legislators and copyright holders elsewhere. Given the depressing manner in which US legislators have catered only to large copyright holders to undermine the original intention of the copyright process and basically cut off the natural flow of IP into the public domain, this has long-term implications for all of us. Well, insofar as the doppelganger and I have sepata experiences, our personalities have already begun to diverge. Now, if the doppelganger whipped out a pair of EEG helmets and demonstrated that we could sync our experiences - eg, I take a sleeping pill and let my doppelganger go out on the town for a night, but I can easily 'catch up' the following morning - then i'd think about it. I don't see a whole lot of hype. As for the AI part, I think you're just rehashing Searle's Chinese Room argument, which has been shot down a long time ago. No, what we need is a cheap EEG device that exposes its raw data and comes with a basic API. A closed system will live or die on the quality of the release software. An open one will be slower to take off, but see much broader use. So it is, but isn't it a little more MetaFilter than HackerNews? At the same time I can't help a mild feeling of 'Say it ain't so, captain Obvious!' You only have to sit down with a good nature or anthropology documentary to see our social structures aren't all that complex or different from 'primitive' ones. ¯\(º_o)/¯ Study short report here: http://www.scribd.com/doc/14828519/ While I also have reservations about dosing the water supply, I don't think flouride is such a bad thing; and the study suggests that micro-doses as described seem to reduce the rate of suicide by up to a third, which is nothing to sneeze at. Some illness and suffering is caused by modern life an technology (on a personal level, I think our emphasis on getting up early and minimizing the amount of sleep we need is a very bad thing). While it needs a lot of further study, I wonder if rather than looking at something like this as a prophylactic, we should ask if it isn't rectifying an induced deficiency. Name: Green Scorpion Organization: The Justice Society Of Justice Irrelevant...but awesome XD Mrs Browl questions the credibility of any superhero without an archenemy, though. That seems reasonable enough. I didn't glean anything from the linked page other than what the thread title is. On a slightly related note, I saw that when Sweden overhauled their pensions systems a yer or two back they basically defaulted people to joining one of two state-run funds and gave everyone a list of alternatives and an easy 'opt-out' clause (opt out of the state-run fund; you have to pay into some sort of pension by law). This, too, seemed to work well for most people without unfairly restricting the liberty of those who would rather manage their own financial affairs. Yes. I was much more impressed with the 3d page header than the actual content. Good job. This is what 'visual programming' is supposed to be like. It's not a bug, it's a feature. I actually mean that, it strikes a balance between 'sure, do your thing computer' and 'no, I would like to specify exactly what should happen'. This approach has been built into Windows for a long time and I like it. I have a mix of hardware in my computer and some I configure automagically but some I need to set up manually. I suspect the blogger cited in the OP has never had to do technical support for a living. That's between the people who made or refer to the map and the people who were/are discriminated against. You don't deal with unpleasant history by erasing it and pretending it didn't happen. On the more serious issue of actual genocide, the most bitter political feuds are between the people who were hurt by it and those who want to pretend it never happened and needn't be talked about. I don't think it's poor editing on the part of Google at all. Poor editing would be altering the historical record in order to assuage the feelings of one group who might be made uncomfortable. To run with your example, if you're going to alter the map why not go the whole way and replace 'negro' with 'happy black people live here'? It's a sad but seemingly universal fact that when one social group oppresses another and later people ask 'why are the conditions of (oppressed group) so awful?', the self-serving response of oppressing group is 'they choose to live that way', ascribing their negative situation to some inherent defect on the part of the oppressed. And not publishing them (or worse, editing them as suggested above) would make Google complicit in pretending the issue doesn't exist. LOL, no it isn't. I moved here from Europe with half that amount, twice. If you want to have your own apartment and stuff, then you need $1500/mo unless you get really lucky. If you're OK with roommates, you can do it for $1000/mo and have money left over for entertainment/parties/fast times. Besides, the point of moving to a cool city at the age of 18 is to get into trouble, no? Look after your property, don't be too trusting, practice safe sex and and avoid over-friendly strangers whether on the street or behind a desk etc. etc.. Don't assume that coming to Sf will launch your career or you'll find a pot of money, treat the $3000 as the price of a useful learning experience and if you do luck out regard it as a bonus. Take the train or fly, buy a bicycle or walk and take the bus. This city isn't that car friendly but the transit is alright. You're not coming here to sit in traffic or improve your parallel parking skills, are you? Thought not :-) I don't, and could tell you bad stories about it. I used to manage another hostel (below) and we got quite a few 'refugees' who had had a bad experience at the Mason one. I rate the International Guest House at 2976 23rd street. Call ahead and see if they have a spot free. There's only room for about 24 people. It's cheaper, there's free coffee, and if you have the right attitude it's easier to extend your stay (frankly, this basically depends on whether you're cool or not). It helps if you make up some BS like you just came back from Europe or something - they want you to have some evidence of internetional travel if space is at a premium. Downsides/danger include attractive people of both sexes, easy availability of booze and weed, failure to complete coding projects because you stayed up until 3am the previous night. The main benefit is that the place is low turnover, so your friendships there aren't transient like at a lot of bigger hostels. Mind you, I haven't kept in touch for about 4 years, and lots of places go through different phases. ... if we conceive of a being whose faculties are so sharpened that he can follow every molecule in its course, such a being, whose attributes are as essentially finite as our own, would be able to do what is impossible to us. Respectfully, the main difference between you and an atheist like myself is not that I consider the universe random or lacking pattern, but that I don't equate order with agency. From Pi ; 'My new hypothesis: If we're built from Spirals while living in a giant Spiral, then is it possible that everything we put our hands to is infused with the Spiral?' Isn't that what he's doing? I took the article as a piece of marketing, written so that someone who identifies with that problem will pick up the phone to have a talk with him. I like the cut of your jib, young fellow-me-lad! Definitive proof that just having the t-shirt doesn't mean you're cool. I don't know whether to be depressed or amused that a degree from Stanford is good for becoming an internet mall cop. A triumph of form over content. Well, nothing wrong with signaling that you as a business person have decided to focus on value-add. Honestly, many business books are thinly-designed resumes so you could do worse than coin a few buzzwords and just write a book with some provocative title like 'Escaping the foxhole, or how I learned to love the recession'. I was going to be snooty about this, but on reflection the existence of Minix is a good thing for mission-critical applications like medical, military or scientific computing (eg satellites). Likely, the performance advantages of Linux's monolithic kernel have been obviated by the advances in hardware performance over the years. The maintainers don't sell themselves very well though. It does give off the flavor of ivory tower academia despite the apparent concrete benefits. Tannenbaum's public comments that he doesn't know who is using Minix (and by implication, doesn't care) isn't a very good advert for it. Do HN readers think there's a demand for apparently-bulletproof *nix, or are other OS offerings already good enough for anything that isn't classified? !most != any IANALP Wow. That's a display of humility and responsibility you just don't see very often. Though the original conflict was avoidable and unnecessary, an apology like this - for anything - shows real character. Kudos. I don't know. It just seems like it would be a natural candidate if the claims about the size and fault-tolerance of the kernel are true (as opposed to reinventing the wheel and writing everything from scratch). I wonder if this helped to inspire/would dovetail with Ubiquity. I use Chrome rather than Firefox but I hope Ubuity will get ported for this browser when Google opens up the plugin interface. Something missing from this article and the commentary: B & H specializes in professional a/v equipment. Sure, they sell to the general public and they sell many consumer-level items as well. But go look at their web page: http://www.bhphotovideo.com/ "The Professional's choice' - lots of high end cameras and camcorders, and so forth. A majority of their customers are highly knowledgeable as well, and they have a long-established reputation in the pro film/video community as a reliable supplier. That means they can sell a lot of items with a huge markup, because the customers are not looking for the best deal, but are willing to pay more for both customer service and equipment with lots of features. Although B&H caters to the general consumer, they probably don't make their biggest profits in that sector. This is a very significant difference, and rather undermines the analysis in the article. It's like comparing a Ferrari dealership with a Ford one, or a professional medical supply business with a drugstore chain. There are useful lessons to be learned, but they're very different business models which (as commented) don't necessarily scale to different markets. If B&H were primarily targeting the general consumer, the overhead costs of educating every potential buyer would skyrocket. Incidentally, the bit about the item being delivered to the counter where it is inspected, and then delivered to the point of sale etc. gave me quite a chuckle. Minus the high-tech and conveyer belts, this was exactly how department stores in the Soviet Union operated when I visited there in the 1980s. In fact it was one of the things you'd find in guidebooks - 'those crazy commies - they hate capitalism so much that they make the process of buying something wildly inefficient!' I would never have imagined I'd see this model praised in the pages of Inc. Chrome isn't open for plugin development AFAIK, is all. And I quite understand them not bothering with IE. I didn't mean to suggest that the Ubiquity team were trying to tether anyone. One wonders if the user who deleted the article was sufficiently jealous of Fravia's reputation that s/he would rather delete the article than improve it. Though poorly sourced, the deleted material hardly qualifies as 'fanboyism'. True, but that's a process rather than a normal retail model. I mean, compared to pick something off the shelf and take it to the register. Did she? Here at work it's wider than my 1024 x 768 screen. The screen is suck, I admit, but this particular 'puter is mostly used for administration. And reading HN, of course. That could be hard without color. I'm not sure I buy this, since the pdf ability (finally, duh Amazon) will compete with many of the textbooks. I still fail to see why the thing has a keyboard. Just give me a USB port and let me plug one in, or something similar. 40+ buttons means 40+ things to go wrong. Waste of space, components, and maintenance overhead for a search function that could be implemented many other ways. I'm afraid the thing reminds me unpleasantly of the IBM PCjr. I like it, but it fails to load 3 out of 5 times when I click on a Posterous link. First day traffic blues? Being around people all your own age is not a luxury, it's a trap. There are vast numbers of interesting people at all ages. Just surf around and let it happen to you - unless you have clinical social phobias or suchlike it'll take care of itself. You will sometimes be bored, demotivated, or lonely. This is the normal human condition. 8-O Excuse the long comment, but... I'm a producer on a scrappy little TV show (local, trying to expand). This is startling, because I just finished work on a business plan today and our business model is produce show, sell ad spots direct to likely candidates, and buy airtime to increase reach. I'm really not sure how I feel about this. I may be able to use it (particularly to use the pricing estimates to reverse-engineer the viewership revenue possibilities for TV show in the genre I'm producing, as well as to identify which slots are most effective - Nielsen already produces such data, but it costs a fortune), but it's also very tough on me as a producer because I don't have a network deal of any kind; furthermore it makes me much more dependent on a network owner while cutting me out of the loop completely as a content creator, strongly reinforcing the position of the distributor (not unlike how your iPhone app doesn't exist for commercial purposes if you're not in the app store). I applaud Google for automating the ad-buying process, and I presume that due to their sheer size they'll be able to secure very good terms and make profits on relatively small margins. But our existing plan of generating maybe $2m/yr in direct sponsorship sales 2 years from now is probably in the toilet, because if I were an advertiser it would probably be vastly simpler to just use this new tool and have a dashboard with analytics and so forth than to do special deals with niche content providers (like us). It's not going to disrupt the TV/advertising business overnight, of course, but this is going to be the talk of the industry over the next 72 hours. I have to say I feel like I just got sucker-punched. It doesn't help that my boss is an old-school ad guy who finds Google docs mysterious. (Strangely, the 'ad creation marketplace' (hook up with a producer/camera team) goes to a dead link. Mini-fail, there.) Well I have my 'who cares' password, my 'like this site' password and my 'involves money' password(s). Strangely, my HN password isn't the same one I use for my bank account. More as I get it - I think I have a case to apply (see other comment on this thread) no, they're mostly controlled by the cable service provider or local broadcast affiliate (who, naturally, take more than half their content from the network provider). Thanks, checking it out now. ^ & v, it's nice to know I'm not the only teevee person here. I felt a bit guilty showing up to the last HN meetup in SF given that the I currently program an average of 2 hours a month :-) Google could step in that second market if they play it right. I would love to be able to upload complete episodes to YT and sell ads against that - our show is local but of general interest (cooking, basically). I'm looking at just breaking it into chunks and creating our own YT channel but the exec isn't terribly web-savvy so I'm probably going to do it on my own time and keep my mouth shut until we have >10k views. On a more general note, this has significant long-term cultural implications, which I'm surprised nobody is discussing. At relatively small cost, one could (say) place commercials at a particular time slot in a major metro for viral effect. As a silly example, imagine 750k people in NY are watching the evening when they get a 30 second message along the lines of 'the cake is a lie'. Less amusing examples crop up in Gibson's Neuromancer (disinformation in an ersatz news format being used to cause a riot) and Vinge's Rainbow's End (subliminal information used to activate a preprogrammed behavior; see also http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toxoplasma_gondii What's interesting to me is that the current commercial message pipeline has a degree of editorial oversight, albeit a weak one; automating the process subverts that to a degree (although they'll check for basic FCC compliance), which opens the possibility for both greater creativity and for abuse. I expect this will first manifest in the form of political speech, which isn't subject to normal commercial considerations and which attracts more funding than arty experimental stuff. Interesting, notwithstanding the questionable statistical methodologies. Asking HN: do you think e-books are overpriced? Several writers I know say that at most they get the same royalty on a Kindle copy as on paper - or sometimes less; the excuse being that the whole book has to be re-typeset for Kindle etc. While arguably valid for some books with complex layout, I find it very hard to credit for things like novels etc. I sometimes take old public domain books in .txt form from Project Gutenberg, reformat into more readable font etc. and output a .pdf for printing or laptop reading. This rarely takes more than an hour or two, and indeed many public domain or obscure books are available from Kindle for $0.80. So I wonder where the money is going when an e-book sells for $9.99 and the author informs me he's still getting the same ~$0.50 per copy. Quite, and the same used to be an iron rule of journalism. The whole benefit of (any-)pedia is to guide you to those sources by presenting them in a meaningful context. I get just as irritated by people who reflexively say 'you cited wikipedia LOL fail' which is usually an excuse to avoid reading something that contradicts or undermines their argument. Entertainingly, if you give the same person links to the sources cited in a given article, they'll just as often complain about 'ivory tower elitism'. teh stupid, it burns :-( A valid point. I don't mind hoaxes too much though, because a) they incrementally improve editing standards on WP and b) I'm starting to think that the form of someone's reaction to WP tells you a lot about their thinking process, or lack thereof. You're not wrong. I am less than enthused about this, since I enjoy above-average hearing (and have leveraged this professionally for the last decade as a sound tech). I already have to put up with enough noise pollution: this is about as attractive to me as laser-based iris scanning would be. It sure beats stopping to find and then read the list of stations and fares printed in 8 point type on a sticker that is attached to a random spot on the front of the machine. Great work, but I'm not hopeful about it getting past the lardass bureaucrat brigade. Not to mention the need to add 5c to your ticket if you want it back at the end of the journey - say for expense or tax deduction purposes if you are making occasional but expensive long-distance trips for work assignments. I've spent >$300 on BART fares for a month-long project before, and if you exit the station with the exact fare on your ticket, there goes your receipt. For plastic yes, you're right. I tend to use cash for transit fares, I don't know why. I must have some mental block about it, because I'll even leave the station to go use the ATM, then come back and make change and then put the $5 bill in and grumble about having a pocket full of quarters. Oh well, I fail. Well, you never know. If the universe really is holographic and we can find a way to move within that, then locality might come to seem like a quaint concept. I had a near-death experience some years back which left me with the gut feeling that our space is embedded within 5 dimension. It was pretty strange, but that's another story. For about 5 minutes after I came round I could see around things. If you think that sounds weird, you shoulda seen it from my side. I just had a site offer to hook me up with Friend Connect. First time i've seen it deployed other than as a test...and it works pretty nicely. Chrome doesn't render it properly though., which is a surprise. Awesome advice. I'll just tell the landlord, supermarket, phone company, and other suppliers that I'm trying to sell my product before I've raised money and they should be proud of supporting a venture whose founding members and first hires are all willing to work for fresh air. Sorry for the snark, but I'm in a position like this just now. I am in fact working for nothing at present and stretching out a small personal windfall in order to do it. I'm lucky and grateful to have the freedom to do that. We're not a tech startup so our needs are a bit different from grab laptop, update SDK, churn out code - but even so, unless you happen to have deep pockets it takes time and money for any business to make its first sales (which in our case are b2b and thus not free for the customer). I could not and would not do this if I had kids or if Mrs Browl didn't have a good job that allows me to risk my time participating in this venture I'm working for. The concept is great. The execution...has room for improvement. I would have called it an educational example of what's wrong with textbooks :-) Good link though, this is a serious issue. As a european I'm horrified by most of what I see about the American school system; conservatives and liberals both seem intent on wrecking it in different ways. Examples like this make me wonder if the purpose of k-12 isn't so much to educate as to act as an obstacle course for the less fortunate. I also wonder about the price of textbooks here. I'm more familiar with college than k-12 books, but the prices here are a major scam. In Europe I can walk into a bookshop and pay about $30 for an (American) book that sells for >$100 here. Over there the academic books are almost always cheaper than the 'introduction to learning X in 24 hours for complete dummies'. In fact, I ended up owning a bunch of textbooks on subjects that interested because they were the affordable option. The first time I went looking for a CS book here in the US I nearly had a heart attack. The problem is going to persist as long as education is a state matter but economics leads most states to play 'me-too' and go with whatever is selected in Texas. Kickbacks by academic publishers to selectors (which I hear sometimes takes place) should be prosecuted criminally. Textbooks should be certified by a panel of relevant academic associations, eg the AAAS or other well-established groups - not the 'Brand New Hisotrical Revisionism Society'. Those are just my superficial reactions, and not very good ones. I was uncomfortably reminded of programming books by this article. There's a lot of junk out there...makes me think of how many programming books are built around things like administering a payroll system, which coincidentally involves nothing more complex than arithmetic and the most primitive kind of database. If you're a self-study sorta person like me, it's a real pain in the ass for find good tutorial material. Do we need books, as such? Or, do we always need educational material to be in book form? I love books, they were my best friends in childhood. And I am a bit of a traditionalist about education - snooty about handwriting, spelling, grammar and numeracy (educated in Ireland, where the education system was design by priests). But for learning, we are grossly underusing computers. Much educational software just looks stupid. And while India and other places are trying to focus on the idea of one laptop per child, the US is awash in expensive and bad textbooks. this points to a further slide in our future economic competitiveness. "Lights Out" is a badly-written, breathless, and confusing book on the conflict between our evolutionary capabilities and post/industrial environment, from living conditions to diet. It's absolutely awful...but well-sourced, and broad in scope. I hate recommending it but if you can make it through the cringeworthy tabloid prose the second half of the book contains a decent academic bibliography. Edit: two writers, one academic and one popular. bad combo. From personal experience, I can say that the compulsion (to have sex) remains but the pleasure doesn't, resulting in a lot of frustration. I prefer the mood swings. I'm pretty skeptical of this as a therapeutic option for p.e.. Not to get into an argument not medically qualified, but as some who has extensive experience with both recreational and clinical drug use, asciilifeform makes some good points here. Yes, it's absurd that psychiatry often doesn't involve any blood tests, which really makes to hard to take seriously as a medical discipline. I've had both good and bad psychiatrists, but it's hard to escape the conclusion that 'fill this prescription, tell me how it's working in a month' is not much more than licensed drug dealing. SSRIs and suchlike are designed to build up their effect over time rather than supplying instant chemical gratification, which is a good idea, but as medical tools I think they're fairly half-assed. Between study, experience, and practice at observing my reactions, I feel moderately competent to monitor my own brain chemistry, at least as well as any lay person can. Mapping out the metabolic curve of a drug in the body isn't so terribly hard and SSRIs feel very much like the chemical equivalent of treating the symptom rather than the cause. In short, they seem to flatten affect, such that the amplitude of yuor mood swings is reduced and you don't care how you're feeling to the same degree as normal. On several occasions I've taken a course, been quit disappointed, and come off them - subsequent improvement, if any, has more to do with increased self-regard for having taken action to address the problem. I do feel, strongly, that dopamine deficiency is part of my particular problem - and as pointed out, the clinical options there are somewhat limited. It's on reason I still smkoe; nicotine is a very effective dopamine agonist. Unfortunately, it's brought me to first-stage emphysema and every time I light up my lungs ask me why there isn't a better way. Although I have been diagnosed with moderately several Adult ADHD (via interviews and tests...another example of the medical catching-up psychiatry needs), my doctor's been rather reluctant to break out the Adderall or suchlike because he worries there might be a potential for abuse. At his hourly rate, I don't argue, but frankly I'm OK with it because it can hardly be worse than tarring my lungs. My past experience with illegal stimulants like cocaine is that they're quite enjoyable but don't exercise any significant compulsion on me. I took the latter semi-regularly for a while but got bored with staying in and having the same wired conversation with my roommate, so I just dropped it. Just my anecdotal perspective. I find it depressingly easy to understand why so many people wind up 'on drugs'. They work, but it's infra dig to start your clinical approach from there. That's all true. But nobody says 'oh, you're addicted to blood pressure regulators or (other medication for chronic conditions)'. Informally, my experience is unhealthy levels of dependence seem to manifest in people who don't have a deficiency in the first place. Unless one's neurological deficiency is really severe, one often develops a methodology to live with it. Absent that know-how, it's a lot easier to overdo it and end up in the ditch. I haven't; I work as a producer - in practice, a manager - for a small TV show that's currently on hiatus due to money problems. I'm not a business person or an entrepreneur, and pretty terrible at making money (just don't have the instinct for chasing it), so the only business I've 'launched' is my freelance work. My skillset is rapid technical ability, creative communications (ranging from manuals to PR copy to video editing), and crisis management. I get lost or cause trouble in big organizations, am a valuable catalyst/trauma specialist in startups, and do best at assembling things where the pieces are lying on the floor and everyone else is confused about what to do next. tl;dr - unworldly troubleshooter. Right. To make more product (in this case, a cooking show), I need to hire people and equipment. there are limits to what's possible with energy and good will alone, and asking people to intern or work for equity on mission-critical tasks (rather than strategy) is often a false economy. At present I'm arguing that we're budgeting too much on sales and promotion (although it's very important) and not enough for the actual production costs. Not unlike coding, there's an unfortunate perception that enthusiastic and creative people are worth less than the revenue specialists. There's a reason for the stereotype of the sales guy who makes 10x more than the engineer who delivers a functional, reliable product :-/ First-mover disadvantage: customers sometimes believe they own the product and shouldn't have to pay for it, though. If it seems obvious, it will be devalued. Thus the many companies which make something cool on the internet that's popular but hard to monetize. Cool, but one of the weaknesses of Wi-fi has turne dout to be the security. Of course you want your connection secure. And of course you don't want some creepy guy surfing kidde porn from your IP. But as implemented, in a lot of places there's extensive wi-fi connectivity and unused internet bandwidth but it's all private. How great would it be if every router gave 90% of the bandwidth to the owner and leaked 10%, with some sort of packet-tagger to say 'mobile origin'. We nearly had public Wi-fi in San Francisco but one group of citizens wanted it publicly owned or nothing, and wouldn't tolerate a private service subsidized by ad frames or similar. Classic case of perfect as enemy of the good. Community peer wifi has been tried but I signed up 18 months ago and heard nothing since. The idea is good, and we all know games are a source of great UI innovation too. But the G-word is likely to be a problem for them. Most people think 'game theory' is what happens on ESPN at half time. It's a scam. (To those in the same situation) Talk to the competition before they see one bank get away with it and go all cartel stylee, blaming market conditions. Banks and other similar businesses don't want to compete on substance, but on style. IANAL, but it appears their argument is that you are exploiting their mark as part of the commercial service your website offers. It seems legally sloppy and you're correct about it not really being DMCA material, but I'm not so I'd go so far as abuse. It is a given in trademark law that if a mark is not aggressively defended by the owner then they have only themselves to blame if it is later misappropriated. Trademarks don't enjoy the same absolute protections as copyrights do. They don't want to dilute the secondary meaning of the trademark, which might (theoretically) happen if they let you keep giving it out at your site. Out of curiosity, why not something like Mathematica? Original w3 proposal (ahem): http://www.theregister.co.uk/2009/03/17/verity_stob_glb/ I'm tired of these overwrwought comparisons. The legislation certainly needs work (which is the point of committee and congressional votes), but there is a qualitative difference between writing '(public figure) is a doofus!' and '(private individual) is an evil person who strangles kittens' and conducting a campaign of character assassination. At present, one can leverage the internet for unfounded personal attacks to a far greater extent than the law provides remedies to defend against them. Our libel and slander laws are written for a simpler age where publication carried an implication of editorial control. You're probably not going to find civil remedies adequate if someone has already falsely identified you as a child molestor for the lulz, say. Aside from the substitution of editorial viewpoint for any actual reportage (eg, quoting some lawyers who specialize in first Amendment cases on what the implications might be), this article and others seems to depend on ignoring the first paragraph of the proposed legislation: "(a) Whoever transmits in interstate or foreign commerce any communication, with the intent to coerce, intimidate, harass or cause substantial emotional distress to a person, using electronic means to support severe, repeated and hostile behavior , shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than two years, or both." There are legal thresholds for intent and severity which would have to be met before any criminal case would stick. Everyone keeps focusing on the 'electronic means' as if the act of closing a circuit is the focus of the legislation, rather than a sustained campaign of personal attack which a jury would find intolerable. Those bleating that Sanchez doesn't understand the internet seem to have an extremely poor grasp of the legislative process and the scope and history of the first amendment, which is not invalidated by any given piece of legislation. Wolfram|Alpha isn't sure what to do with your input. Like I say, I'm still finding out how to parse queries effectively, particularly for comparison data...in between working (cough). He's right. 'JFK' gives me: full name | John Fitzgerald Kennedy date of birth | May 29, 1917 (91 years ago) place of birth | Brookline,Massachusetts,United States date of death | November 22, 1963 (age: 46 years) (45 years ago) place of death | Dallas,Texas,United States Oh, and (like many topics) it also offers a Wiki link in a sidebar. All I can say is 'it's different'. Wolfram said this morning that he is not seeking to compete with Google, about whom he spoke generously. Rather, his goal is to provide a fast interface to a wide range of computable data. As an example of its quirkiness, 2 slices of swiss cheese + 1 leaf of lettuce + 1 quarter pound burger gives me a USDA style nutrition label. If I add bacon it says it doesn't know what I mean :-) C'mon, you think I didn't try all those :-) Until I get home (and can fire up Mathematica) I'm not sure how to do such symbolic queries. It's not Deep Thought - I feel like getting the most benefit from it would require some kind of Regex. Might be me. They haven't put the FAQs or tutorials up yet. I do feel a lean towards computable rather than retrievable data, if that makes sense. I just started with that example as something I knew about that seemed to typify the popular imagination of how it might be used. Some caveats, by the way: - it IS a preview: not everything is switched on - it's NOT pretending to offer natural language processing for general queries - they're NOT pretending to be a better Google or Wikipedia - I don't know what I'm doing: I'm in Fisher-Price mode, and there is a learning curve. I am quite impressed, and also confused. You mean, how long is a piece of string? I got some...interesting results by exploring these terms; for example, i was able to get a scatterplot of infection rates vs size of population in Africa. On the other hand, I can't seem to pipe data into a map to save my life. Maybe that's not switched on yet, some things explicitly aren't. More info tonight or tomorrow, after I've tried running Mathematica at the same time. They should put forward computer scientists to refute this, rather than business representatives. Oh well, we can laugh at their ignorance but it's easy to miss overlook the fact that companies in a large fragmented market sometimes gouge consumers for years and falsely shift the blame for high prices onto whatever government happens to be handy. Having worked for some privatized utilities over there, management is often focused on accumulating as much money as possible rather than improving service for the consumer. Oh OK. I thought it was a rather abstracted joke =) After thinking about your query, the only good idea I had was to take something like a large open source codebase and write a program to search for string/char declarations. It'd probably be faster just to try your idea and see whether it helps or not :-/ Oh, and nothing about that on Alpha, sorry. I did ask it 'how long is a string' for fun, and it suggested that the length of a given random string is 12. And who am I to argue? My cash flow projections. 14. It was a Vic-20. Cassete tape storage, 3.5k of memory. It did have a wicked fast centipede game, though in Ireland I wasn't able to find any decent books on writing machine code instead of BASIC. And Gridrunner. Oh yeah. Although I'm a classical liberal (as in, I believe in markets rather than command economies), McCullagh would have us believe that private companies are uninterested in monopolies or locking in their customers - and while he provides examples of where lock-in has failed, it's alive and well in other spaces, such as cellphones. McCullagh cites Hollywood lobbyists' influence on copyright law, while skating over the question of how a libertarian approach would help - indeed, I suspect it would wind up as a land grab on the public commons, with the first to digitize getting ownership rights, much as a copyright photograph of an old painting gains rights for the photograph (even if it has no original content). Though he's right about the weaknesses of slow-moving legislative supervision of fast-moving technology, his conviction that it'll just work itself out seems rather Pollyannaish. Michael Heller's tragedy of the anti-commons analyzes the problems of fragmented ownership from an economic rather than a philosophical perspective, and points up some flaws in libertarian theory; http://www.wdi.umich.edu/files/Publications/WorkingPapers/wp... Monopolies of physical items and commodities are hard without government backing, but software is not so clear-cut. Bear in mind that anyone with copyright or patents relies on the government (either directly or indirectly via the courts) for enforcement anyway. The tragedy of the anti-commons as it relates to copyright is that very little older content has entered the public domain since the 1920s - I cannot legally cover A Gershwin song for money, say, even though the man is long dead - and much energy, both public and private, is wasted on nonsensical interpretations of things like the DMCA. If you are film producer (say) trying to cover your legal bases by licensing any and all copyrightable material that appears in your film, it can get very expensive. Oh please. Only ~75,000 people live in Andorra and 80% of their economy derives from tourism - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andorra . You might as well compare the USA with Brunei. Well, here in the US I believe we spend more (as a function of GDP) than the French do, but the results are less good overall. India spends relatively little but they have a different philosophy about medicine (I don't mean 'alternative' medicine, but health administration, scheduling etc). I think our heavily private system is failing in the US for two reasons: 1. health consumers can never be fully informed without getting a medical degree, and indeed they can't get access to facilities or tools without one; and 2. healthcare isn't an asset that you can choose to buy at a given time. You can't decide to have your heart attack at 30 when your recovery prospects are very high, or to postpone developing a chronic condition while you make more money to buy better health insurance. Ill health is, to a large extent, something that happens to you rather than something you can plan for, notwithstanding the benefits of maintaining a healthy lifestyle. With limited knowledge, limited ability to make decisions, and limited ability to schedule your healthcare spending, it's very hard for normal market conditions to prevail. Though one can buy insurance, there is a massive gulf between the information available to the supplier and the consumer, and suppliers leverage this to give consumers a poor deal. This is an important point. Sometimes we read about people here being banned from using the net (sometimes for things like soliciting minors, but also just because it's regarded as a 'luxury'.) As well as being very hard to enforce, it's not unlike house arrest. Like others here, I have difficulty functioning without net access. And it's pretty much an economic essential if you want any kind of a decent job. this is a naive viewpoint. government is not necessarily an 'other' which impinges on us; rather, it's an organization to which people can outsource the largest scale tasks, such as infrastructure or military defense. It would be nice if all commercial exchanges were mutually beneficial, but they're not. There are graphic clients available, in various stages of maintenance (see the Wiki article on NH). But I keep going back to the text version. It's like porting Pacman to the Quake or other 3d engine - you don't really gain anything, and arguably the visual distractions get in the way, over-emphasizing the limitations of the square grid and limited view. Additionally, the isometric 3d of some ports makes it too easy to step into the wrong square. When I was in High School (80s) I used to sneak onto the campus of the local technical college to play Hack. Wikiocracy: instead of electing legislators, you use a wiki environment to build a corpus of legislation and manage legal cases, with limited commit ability (eg no more than monthly or so...don't want to make long post). For a small fee, contracts can be registered and arbitrated like a private arbitration service, minus the expensive pay-to-play which usually decides on behalf of the larger entity. It quietly supplants the the private and later the public legal system by providing a superior open source alternative. Already exists. These are the norm in Europe, I have no idea why they're not popular in the US. We Europeans enjoy mocking antiquated American home appliances and can't believe you still use stovetop kettles and blenders from the 1950s. http://www.gelighting.com/apo/products/appliances/clothes_ca... It looks like a regular washing machine, you just put your clothes in the front, set the buttons, and 2 hours later they're clean and dry. It's awesome. A small game programming library/module which just exports your score, and allows you to see your rate of progress in different games over time. Sort-of exists: http://www.xbox.com/en-US/games/y/yitm/ and several others. I'm always into stuff like this as I'm in film/tv production...and things like this are a great excuse for, er, not going out of the house, raising real money, hiring real people. But there's a vaaaaast price vs. quality gap. As in, to look convincing you need a greenscreen studio and a team of professional CG technicians to come to your house :-) Find out how much space they propose to fill with your content - half a page, say. Find something similar in around the same place in the paper (the advice column or whatever), check on the advertising section of the website(or have a friend call them) to see how much they are charging for the adverts surrounding content of that size. ask for about 2/3 of that. for example, you give them 1/2 page of stuff every week, and it's surrounded by 1,5 pages of ads, which they sell for, say, $1500. They pay a 10-15% commission to their sales person for selling the ads, and want to make a similar level of profit for themselves. So ask for $1000. They'll probably say no and you'll have to negotiate...so your trade-off will be 'OK, you want to pay $500...but in return I want a 6 month commitment and my logo/website address in the top left of the box'. Researching how much they're getting for the surrounding space should give you a ballpark idea of what the content is worth. I don't think I've been especially lucky, as I've had 3 of them at different times and they all worked OK. Caveat: they were all in Europe. Perhaps the ones sold in the US are deliberately sucky so as to drive you into wanting two specialized units? Edit: might be a 220v vs 110v issue as well. EMP guns FTW - http://www.guardian.co.uk/science/2004/jul/12/sciencenews.cr... Bonus: they scare luddites, who are convinced these are used all the time to kill people the Illuminati hate by making them fly in a small plane during bad weather first. Yeah better. I just grabbed the first linked that looked relevant. I was amazed anyone would not know about these. She grows and sells organic food. So being registered as a farmer, she probably has to show where her resources are coming from or be fined. This is a really interesting article. Tradable resource rights are often touted as a solution to environmental overuse but this is a good example of how they can go badly wrong. Well, anti-trust cases do depend on evidence of collusion between market participants, rather than pricing information alone. As Adam Smith said, men of the same profession seldom come together save with the intent to defraud the public. WTF. If they're not supplying the broadband (which they're not) then they don't get to collect for it. This is so irritating - it's this sort of thing which casued me to leave the country. The Irish government figures that since it's an island, they can just use the geography to squeeze people for anything, especially when times are tough. Be interesting to see how this would stack up against the recent EU decision to make internet access a legal right (not free as in beer). I'm guessing EU law would trump this transparent attempt at a shakedown. Automated namespace pollution. Wonderful :-| It's interesting. But (regarding parenting): "Have they established rituals that force you to delay on a daily basis? Do they encourage you to wait? And do they make waiting worthwhile? " In life, delaying gratification often pays off - but only to the extent that the provider of said gratification is competent and trustworthy. There are also times when it is genuinely better to take the money and run. Your bank, for example, has little interest in giving you a fair deal, but instead offers financial instruments with superficially attractive terms while burying numerous modifying clauses in the fine print. An employment contract from a major corporation can be similarly unfair. My first cubicle job came with an employment contract that asserted ownership of any intellectual property I produced during my term of employment. One example that springs to mind is Shuji Nakamura, who has been a major innovator in the field of LED diodes (specifically, he's the engineer who made high-intensity blue light available on the cheap, so if you've got a Blu-ray player you should thank him). For this, his grateful employers bestowed upon a bonus of...$180. He sued and eventually ended up getting $7 million. A TV license, or the need to buy one for having your computer connected to the internet? Being Irish, I have a particular problem with the way it's implemented at home because the license fee is onerous but you have to put up with ads as well, so you get the worst of both worlds. I'm in favor of public broadcasting but I feel it should offer value for money. I lived without television for quite a long time, and would be quite happy to do so again, since the main benefit of a large screen to me is the ability to watch movies (on DVD). So I am rather hostile to the idea of having someone come to the house and insist on looking around to see whether I have a television or the not. Collecting a license even if I don't own a TV is just insufferable. It's a very ethical stance. Terms like this could also act as a poison pill in the event of an acquisition where the buying company only wanted to kill off a rival technology - a kind of 'use it or lose it' provision. How many really believe the story about selling his old (presumably worn) clothes back to J Crew to raise his seed capital? I'm guessing the truth is that he pitched a J Crew board member by including 'the clothes off his back' as a jokey item in his business proposal, but that's not the substantive part which got him the check. Sorry, I'm getting a 'rich dad, poor dad' vibe off this guy and his site. Don't agree. The law is interpreted, not compiled; this is one possible interpretation of what I admit is a farily broad statute. But let's be realistic here, if you twitter your other half with 'working late, will eat from freezer xxx snookums' no jury is going to hold that against you. Uploading >700 porn pictures at work, even of your own sexy self, is asking for trouble. You're laying your employer open to all kinds of liability, to say nothing of it not being anything like what they pay you for unless you're in the porn business. The guy is irresponsible, lacks common sense, and is trying to wriggle off the hook on a technicality. Let's not make a hero out of him, and let's not extrapolate the worst possible future from a single case, because the likelihood of anyone going to jail for checking the sports results or reading Google news on the office computer during lunch hour is vanishingly low. It's this kind of stupid 'but nobody told me I shouldn't' bullshit that leads to the imposition of idiotic HR policies in the first place. And uploading 700 kinky pictures of yourself from work is sane? The best practice is to conduct your sex life at home instead of the office. But if you read the text of the law in question, it covers a variety of offences including computer breakins. Your perception is that hacking is the focus of the law and it's been misinterpreted to include this other activity, but in fact hacking is only one of several things covered by it. It's Ohio revised code 2913.04.b: 'Unauthorized use of property - computer, cable, or telecommunication property' and is available here: http://codes.ohio.gov/orc/2913.04 Am I the only person here who took the trouble go and read it? Quite. This is very different from Alpha (and somethng I've been waiting for from Google for a while). Alpha's not trying to be Google, and this doesn't look like google trying to be Alpha. You know what Alpha reminds me of most (as a tester - try it out yourself on 5.18)? 'Insert Field' in MS word, where you can insert the date & time, or a reference to a cell in an Excel spreadsheet, or some other piece of external data, and have it automatically update every time the document is loaded. It's sort of like having widgets but being able to call them up with a simplistic natural language interface. Not all of Earth's people will appreciate this, but it will probably be popular in . (see?) Average Karma per utterance would also be interesting. Or, indeed, per word. The end of prohibition is one obvious example. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=580842 -> http://www.allosphere.ucsb.edu/ But it's so cool, it's worth posting again. "Tracy Schmaler, a Department of Justice spokeswoman, said it was because 'a malicious code was found contained in a Web ad on Drudge.' Schmaler also said the request to stay off Drudge wasn’t politically motivated and said it was sent only to the office in Massachusetts. She also said other popular sites were later found to have potential viruses, including ESPN.com. " I'm not seeing the political motivation here. I have Chrome set up to auto-black anything with shady code, and have had it trigger on a whole variety of websites, including political sites of both left and right (edit: based on the ads, not the content). There's a lot of malware out there. While I'm not into the 'mixologist = artist' thing myself, in an age of abundant content it's a valid choice. If you're writing a consumer application and there are great libraries available for much of the functionality, you'd probably use them, right? Is it so bad to do that with music, especially when ~80% of pop music is just a thinly-disguised rearrangement of the same 3 chords? This has been my problem during testing. I'm very impressed with the quality of the curated data, but getting at it seems very hit-and-miss. I gave the exdample a week or two back of searching on 'Orson Welles' - you can ask 'who directed [OW movie]' and it'll tell you, but 'what movies did OW direct' (and yes I tried many variants) always gets you an error. In this respect it feels like the sort of thing that has always annoyed me about expert systems: it's useful to the extent that you are already familiar with what data is curated therein, and want a handy way to look it up, but rather frustrating for surfing and exploration. I do like it...but I can't help sharing some people's view that it's sort of an ad for Mathematica. It will find a use as citation source - you can embed statistics or factual info in your web page and reference Alpha, in relative comfort that the data there is factually correct. On the other hand, the lack of specificity in the citation info means it won't be quite adequate for academic use, at least not just yet. Might be that its best market will be among high school students who will a) buy Mathematica later and b) grow up with Alpha as past generations did with their slide rules or TI calculators, and stick with it as it evolves. I didn't take time to play with the API yet - superficially it looks flexible, but I'm only a hobby coder. Much depends on where Wolfram draws the line between openness and proprietary use. Mmm, kurtosis . I like that word too. I don't think there is going be a Wolfram|Beta etc...although you're not the only person to interpret 'alpha' like this. True. If i could write constitution 2.0, I'd include a requirement that all legislation come with an expiry date. I upvoted you because I think you raise a valid point, but I still disagree. Personally, I know where you're coming from; I make electronic music as a hobby, but I can't bring myself to use samples because then I feel like it's not me any more. However, I don't see it as theft, any more than I see a production of a Shakespeare play as theft. Stealing is when you're dishonest about the source of your raw material and represent it as your own creation. An interesting juxtaposition of known material is a commentary in itself, regardless of whether you like it; and the guy's career is as a producer, not as a musician or composer. For that matter, both Mozart and Bach were regarded by some as mere hacks, appropriating or accepting tunes from others and applying mere technique to arrive at elaborate (but not fundamentally complex) arrangements. I'm unsure why you seem so personally offended by this, to the point of finding it indecent and dishonorable. I've been blatantly ripped off by a (book) publisher in the past, and it made me mad, but not to the extent of rejecting an entire branch of creative technique. Can you explain, without the invective? Patents used to be tools of inventors and now they are tools of lawyers. Depressingly true. Mrs Browl works for an electronic discovery company, whose service is to organize huge volumes of documents for legal cases, and it happens that many of these are related to IT patents. For obvious reasons I can't discuss any specifics, but even casual shoulder-surfing has resulted in a great many eyerolls. To me, a major part of the problem is that while the profession of law purports to be based on reason, it lacks a proper axiomatic framework and success frequently depends on the exploitation of ambiguity...and sadly, many lack the critical thinking skills to deconstruct arguments made this way. If I were ever unlucky enough to be defending myself in court, I'd seriously consider opting for a trial by judge rather than by jury. I would far rather have one intelligent person evaluating my case than 12 random folk. You raise an interesting point here - why is Kenny G's clarinet so insufferably cheesy to so many (including me), but Danger Mouse doing the same thing with a drum machine is hailed as a visionary (though I'm personally indifferent). I think the difference may be that while DM is no different, his contributions are at least contemporary; that doesn't make it better, just more fashionable. Clarinets used to be fashionable, and Kenny g's stock-in-trade is musical nostalgia: so nostalgia^2 is not an improvement to most people. On the other hand, this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EJ9iNoTKMAs (same song mashed up with Radiohead) presents the same melody in a different but interesting harmonic context - that is, in the same key but with different chords behind it. To me that's innovative, although I don't personally like Radiohead. On the other hand Kenny G's clarinet vampings seem completely unoriginal - as someone who uses sequencers because I'm poor at actually playing bass or piano, he's much better than me at operating his instrument, but isn't doing anything remotely novel with that ability (like introducing new rhythmic or harmonic tension, he's just echoing what's already there with a clarinet). Although we disagree, I think your points are interesting because I find myself wondering about things like this when I reach a site that mashes up (say) Craigslist with Google - is there really anything original going on here, or is it just digital glue, something the browser will do by itself in a few years? D'oh. Thank you. One question I couldn't answer from the front page was whether this is aimed at regular users or is a business-to-business product - I sense the latter, but it's not obvious. Please repost when your demo is functional again. All good advice, but things are not as simple nowadays as they used tobe, and penalties for what used to be minor errors ypeople made occasionally are now severe and cumulative. An interesting summary of how the legal environment has tilted against consumers is here: http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=1262477 I've never downloaded pirate music or movies. Software, yes. But I have worked in the music business. Looks, all but the most successful recording artists make nothing off studio albums. The money comes from live performance and (if they're lucky) radio royalties. Revenues from CD sales or the like make an absolute pittance - most of it gets eaten up along the distribution chain, billed for marketing or whatever, and the the record companies engage in a great deal of creative accounting. If you ever read up on contract law in the recording industry you'd be horrified. Your dollar spent in a record store benefits the the artist to the tune of about $0.01. You want to really support someone you like, buy a ticket and go to hear them sing/play, for which they'll get a decent percentage of the ticket value. Arguably not: http://arstechnica.com/media/news/2009/04/study-pirates-buy-... One reason that people listen to music for free online (which I usually do via YouTube) is because the selection of music on radio is dreadful - most commercial radio is owned by the same handful of companies, and it's the same greatest hits mixed in with the latest heavy rotation day-in day-out. I don't even own a radio any more - and as an ex-DJ, I am pretty sure I have spent far more on music than you will in your whole lifetime. Indeed, but there are two qualitative differences: the GPL's terms are fair, and those who get sued for violation are actively making money out of the copyright infringement. So are some music and video pirates, but many more are just inclined to share, same way I used to put songs on cassette tape for friends in the 1980s. If they do, it'll just die because it's not Safari. It makes sense to build the functionality on a platform where people are tolerant of incremental improvements. So MS explains this in a simplistic and patronizing manner to their general customers without going into all the technical details...details that 95% of them probably don't want to know. Meantime, the price of 64-bit Windows is the same as 32-bit windows, and last I looked MS would swap your Vista DVD for free on request if you realized you should have bought 64-bit. So why do I care? Although the intent was comic, the best verbalization I've ever heard (and one I now use frequently and effectiveively) is 'wuh wuh wuh something dot com'. Everyone gets it, and for people who hate writing down URLs (because it's techie and unnatural to them) it gives them a cheap laugh which puts them in a good mood. Now that I have made you aware of this, you will be unable to get it out of your head. Spatially locate and manipulate the sources of energy (e.g., cut or shred to size, grasp, lift, and ingest) Supportive though I am of the technological goals, their overview documents are a conspiracy theorist's wet dream (chainsaws? scary robotic heads? angry-looking tree-eating robots?!). Someone needs to give their marketing people free tickets to the upcoming Terminator movie and explain that most of the audience are there to root for the human character. I, on the other hand... For some reason, though, 'who was Ozymandias?' goes unanswered. I am a huge fan of such tools and have been using various different ones for a long time. Supercollider is one of the best...but like Max and Pd, it really needs a graphic makeover. It is possible to do this without compromising flexibility, as proved by Reaktor and even more impressively, by SynthMaker, which manages to provide (relatively) quick audio gratification from an engineering standpoint but is also hacker friendly (just add a code module and hack away inside your own scope). SC is for certain the most open and extensible of all these systems, though, and is certainly more fun to get to grips with than CSound. However, I wonder to what extent the code-first audio environment is really useful for learning, teaching, or hacking about with audio synthesis. Certainly one wants quick access to the code level if one is serious about DSP; on the other hand, these kinds of environments are not such a good way to get a feel for audio, since th code level puts a big layer of abstraction between you and the sound. The 'knobs, switches, and modulation cords' approach used by most commercial products may seem quaintly nostalgic for the days of big analog modulars, but it's actually very efficient. There's also ChucK, which I haven't got around to playing with but really like the look of its clean code, and Impromptu (ditto) which looks awesome but is evil because it only runs on Mac and I'm a PC. By the way, Ableton's Live (a very very capable audio workstation package) will be getting Max/MSP integration later this year, which is a Big Deal if you like low-level synthesis. Sorry for the long post, this used to be my professional area but I could never figure out how to make money out of my love of producing quirky and interesting sounds :-/ Yeah, but I don't really know any game programmers, ads for sound designers were rare, and when they did exist they wanted you to have a degree or so (which I don't). So I went into film sound instead, then to producing. I have no idea how all the people who do 'sound installations' and so forth (most of which don't engage me very much) get famous enough to charge high $. I'm not really the self-promoting type, though. Oh yes you should. They (publishers) set the price of things, so if they're not having to pay for any of the things that they always said makes printing books so expensive, then it's reasonable to ask where the money is going. 'Formatting for e-book'? don't make me laugh, that's trivial in the case of something like a novel which is just a long stream of text with occasional chapter headers. The fact is that publisher want to obscure what a small proportion of the cover price usually goes to the author, because with the advent of E-Books it's a valid question whether authors need publishers the way way they used to any more. Edit: this isn't the whole story of course - naturally, a book does have value to the reader (though it's not always obvious until after you've read it!). Also, having been screwed by a publisher in the past I'm a little cynical about the breed :) Follow-up; the latest version of Max (5) is a lot more usable. I was thinking of v4 when I wrote the above. The majority of people are much, much more interested in clothes than websites. Do you think fashionistas and clothing obsessives are a bunch of pretentious wankers? Well, that's how the general public feels about online designers. Very few people think, or care, about user interfaces, but everyone has the experience of wearing clothes, so such information seems vastly more relevant. Webnotes Pro: PDF Annotation - Up to 500 MB (about 2,500 PDFs) The typical .pdf I encounter is a lot larger than 200k. What else...ah, the pins on sticky notes caused instant cognitive dissonance. As did the pins on highlighting...maybe just lose the damn pins. I like it. I don't see myself paying for it. But I would encourage others to use it. It's good as a demonstration of your skills, but perhaps it should be a sub-page on your own site rather than having its own domain, since the functionality is kind of redundant. Add Celsius temperatures please. Farenheit is sooo 19th century :) [SanFranciscoFilter] I don't know how much of an issue this is in other places, but Mrs Browl and I were discussing yesterday how useful it would be to have a San Francisco weather map that shows you weather in different parts of the city - it's not unusual for me to look out the window and find chilly fog (in the Sunset) then go to Potrero Hill and find it's a scorcher. Or the other way around. If you could find multiple SF weather stations and make it into a widget or iPhone app or whatever, there would be a local but decent audience for it, because a single forecast for SF is basically meaningless. You don't have to. They can push it to you with an update, and damn near everyone has it installed already. PR is hyperbole of course, but they do have a very large installed base, who are used to it being on their machines even if they're not sure what it does. The trick will be to invite users in such a way that it doesn't look like a browser popup. What, no comments? Both sides have some valid points. From the NSF point of view, it is hard to teach abstraction and they also want to develop teaching materials that don't rely on expensive and proprietary educational toys. Then again Bogost reasonably asks how you can expect kids to stick with the program when you move from the toy to a screen of code. I wish he had explored his alternative ideas further (although the comments do pick up where he left off). Computer games can definitely be used to teach basic concepts, and indeed some very good games have used programming-type puzzles as part of the gameplay. A kid-friendly programming interface, to me, could just be a skin on a full programming environment. As you would complete basic programming tasks, you could then unlock higher level features. 0.99? That's useful to know! Sorry about missing the Celsius link. Woah! Day.YouMadeIt = True Oh no it isn't. I'm not going to reinstall multiple versions to check every one, but 2.0.180.0 has no problems whatsoever. So there. Although I find it inspiring that King (who is a very successful person whether I like him or not) was broke at about the same age I am now and still went on to become rich and famous, going to the track and lucking out at 100:1 odds was not the life-enhancing advice I was hoping for. Ugh, carrier contracts. Why do you Americans tolerate these lock-ins? One thing I miss about Europe is that you can just buy the phone you want and take it to the carrier you want. This is why I use MetroPCS. It's not the world's best service and it only works in major cities, but I pay $50/mo for unlimited voice/text and I have no contract. If you want the blackberry I think the unlimited data plan is about $75. Perhaps not hackerish, but beautiful design work. Nicest money I've seen since the Dutch guilder went out of circulation. One small change i'd made (for blind people) is to have the notes slightly different sizes. This is the norm in Europe and it works fine, without hindering ATM machines when depositing cash. Zzzz...the first article I read like this was written in the 1970s. I am so tired of this formula... Thought you'd seen it all when (someone) did (that thing) (within the last year)? Think again, because (specific technology) is changing the way we (do something) faster than ever before. Imagine a world where (well known person) does (the same thing with technology). Or where (those kinds of people) do (something else with technology). Or even (well known event) is (different with more technology). But will things be better or worse? (something) would be awesome. But maybe (something we value) would disappear. One thing's for sure: before long (repeat half of first paragraph) will seem like (some old example of technology chaning something). And maybe we'll (have some emotion) while we (do something familiar with new technology). The best (or worst) example I've seen of this kind of lazy journalism was an article in the Economist speculating that musicians might one day take performance-enhancing drugs. You don't say. Probably if you don't mind rotating it around. I spent a summer working as a mover once it's surprisingly easy to get a sofa round corners. So unless you have a very small hallway or a very large box, I'd guess yeah. It would help if you told us what was in the box, but I understand if you're under NDA :-p Since the rejection is based on the results of a search, it looks like a deliberate attempt to torpedo the review process - maybe on the basis that they don't want users going to content that isn't monetizable? Perhaps a good response would be to put apple on the spot by 'complaining' that Safari (or some other iPhone app) gives access to salacious parts of the Bible or some other cultural shibboleth. With cases like these, Apple is setting themselves up for a class action suit or FTC review. Given that people pay for the development tools, these kind of rejections seem like a deliberate restraint of trade. I really want a cheap tablet. I've been looking at laptops with the reversible screens (or whatever you call them), but have been put off a little by the size and weight. People said netbooks were a waste of time too, and that anyone who really wanted a laptop already had one. True enough. I've given up trying to figure them out, and instead am thanking myself for not getting caught up in gold rush fever. I'm too thin-skinned to deal with this sort of thing. I didn't mean to direct that at you personally; just that I heard plenty of sniffy remarks about the early netbooks. Tablets have been around for a long time, but there were many missing ingredients that are now present: - cheap and compact wireless networking - relatively cheap and robust touch screen technology - decent-capacity flash memory and low-power CPUs/chipsets I worked in hardware sales for several years the main obstacle to tablet adoption was poor interface and weight of 3-5 pounds, which is a lot to keep parked on one arm. As for uses, I can picture many (which is why I want the thing). Here's a few, all of which are predicated on the idea of something light, cool and with similar processing power to an Eee: - reading in bed. I like reading in bed, but not the weight or head of a laptop. - casual browsing on the sofa when watching TV and I just have to have a snuggie or shamwow :) - reading gmail offline or pdfs on the bus (~2 hours per day) - working on a film or TV set, where it could replace a clipboard/binder with a full script, call sheets, contact lists yadda yadda (I hate the wasteful and time-consuming practice of dumping all that info out to paper when 90% of the time it's not necessary, and 95% of the time there is adequate power around to run a small server with wi-fi) - weighs substantially less than a large textbook and fits in my bag more easily (I'm happy to have it in a binder like a pad of notepaper) The Kindle DX is much of the way towards what I want, but the screen is still small and I'd like color and some light functionality. I'll read off a magazine-sized screen for an hour or two. The rough size of a clipboard and weight of a thick magazine work just fine for me, I'm happy to lug that about. They're not the only ones hovering around that space. The Crunchpad was aiming for $299 and I'd buy one in a heartbeat if it came out tomorrow. If a first product strikes a chord, there'll be multiple competitors under $500. $10 says these things will be all over the place in 18 months. I'm poor, so $10 is the most I can throw away on a vanity bet - but I am confident that if tablets with about the functionality of an eee/ipod touch (don't care much about 3g modems etc) come on the market for under $500, they'll see a high rate of adoption. I'm at gmail if some third party wants to be referee and take $10 via paypal. [specious]and do we want to let that happen again , only with greenies?![/specious] I'm sold, good find. I wonder waht the costs and hosting requirements are like? You'd think this would be a no-brainer for both municipalities and chambers of commerce. The imagery is great for consumers but I can see the 3d models being useful for everything from traffic simulations to real estate development. It's like Google Earth on crack. http://www.c3technologies.com/en_demo.php for demos (plugin must be installed) The 3d is a little ropey when you zoom all the way in and set the view angle very flat. Things like cars and trees sort of rise out of the ground as if they were hills...and that sounds much worse than it is. I'm amazed. Now if you used these 3d heightmaps as correlation data for some 3d analysis of streetview images we'd be in James Bond territory. Also http://www.c3technologies.com/en_documentation.php?id=1 Currently, 10% ROI + 1-2% equity (suggestions welcomed). Now The $70/45 pound is bullshit. Even if you don't pay people (you can get away with this because everyone wants to be in movies), the rule is that you at least feed them and pay for their transport costs (bus tickets or gasoline). Unless you are exceptionally good at scheduling, you'll have them there for a full day which means feeding them twice. I guarantee this thing cost at least $10,000 in food and expenses. What it probably means is the filmmaker spent $70 and scrounged up the rest from his parents and friends' parents. Even if you do home cooking, feeding and stumping up bus fares for an average of 20 people a day ain't cheap. I hate these kind of stories because when you're trying to raise money for a low-budget movie people say 'well X was made for $150', while many of your suppliers (particularly suppliers of locations, which you can't afford to build) hear 'movie' and think you're going to drop thousands per day. Buro9 has a point though. Where else can I get hard-to-find used items? (article) " it was generally the entertainment and excitement of the chase that brought a buyer to eBay in the first place." Um, no...it was the prospect of getting something I want for cheap. Craigslist sometimes provides, but - at least here in the Bay Area - it's become hopeless for things like computer equipment, having been overrun by spammers from China, something CL seems disinclined to do anything about. Mind you, they are owned by eBay... Well, working for free or deferred pay (if the film gets sold) is common at the bottom end of the business. So I'm prepared to accept that the labor outlay was $0, since in such cases there's an agreement that nobody is owed any money unless paydirt is hit. And equipment may be owned or borrowed - after all, I have 2 cameras that can shoot video, and a fast computer, so if I began shooting something lo-fi tomorrow I'm already equipped. But still. I've been using Chrome almost exclusively for about 3 months now. I do miss the rich selection of Firefox extensions, but the upside is that the core functionality feels so fast and reliable that my overall browsing experience is much better. And I'm using the Dev track, so 'fast and reliable' includes the expected hiccups you encounter with a weekly development build. Yes, it's imperfect (#1 annoyance: too few configuration options), and yes I think they need to do more to speed up the extension development. But I do love the fact that a page can blow up or die without taking the whole browser down, and that load/new incidence times are close to zero. As a beta tester for the original Mozilla when there were about 10 websites (and I was too unimaginative to exploit it profitably), I had trouble selling people on the idea at first, because that functionality existed (in distributed form) with WAIS, Archie, Veronica, and something else whose name I forget right now. There was a parallel with the problems you mention in that the www looked like eye candy but didn't deliver much obvious new functionality ; however, the eye candy served the important function of making things much more attractive and accessible to an audience, whereas effectively using the services mentioned above required a kind of command-line machismo that most people had no wish to acquire - and so those services which delivered information of equivalent or better quality to that available on the web withered away because their cost:benefit ratio was too high. I think TB-L is on the right track here because although much content of value is silo-ed in multiple ways, once there is enough good open-source (or 'linked data' or whatever you like to call it) material available, people will either abandon or never get into the websites which provide it. My bad. I mis-remembered as if they had purchased a majority stake. No real war on drugs, a very strong public service ethic (they have by far the most polite police I've encountered anywhere), and they have high expectations of themselves as a society. They are quite conformist but more in the sense of liking to be like each other, not punishment oriented towards people who are different. Anecdotal impressions of course, and superficial ones at that - I lived there for a few years but I'd need pages to write about them. If you ever have a chance to work/study/live there for a year, I'd say jump at the chance. It's not heaven on earth by any means, but Dutch people and society are worth getting to know. The AA is the closest thing to a generic battery. I often work in remote locations and more of my gear (also including cameras/sound equipment) that runs on AA, the better. A UPS style big battery with outlets is a worthy alternative, but they typically weigh 30 pounds, you have to keep track of more cables, and can attract suspicion from airport security. I'd way rather have a few hundred AAs - yes, I do recycle batteries, and use rechargeables, but in a work environment you just want to be able to grab fully charged ones, fast, even if that means recharging said few hundred after the job ends and you get home. On a more general level, I like it that they've designed the RAM and CPU slots to allow easy upgrades. At a $200 MSRP, I would certainly get one (or even if they drifted up to $249). The specs are very good for such a small machine and I wish them every success with it. I'd rather a cheap general purpose solar-panel/ crank-handle/ battery combo. Or those bags I've been seeing recently with solar panels worked into the flap. You can't depend on the back of the screen being pointed directly at the sun enough of the time. In hot countries you might well want to get into the shade before sitting down for an hour. I get the impression this has already been posted on 4chan... A weak article, but the story is interesting. It has been better covered in the Economist: http://www.economist.com/finance/displaystory.cfm?STORY_ID=1... http://www.economist.com/business/displaystory.cfm?story_id=... And if you are really interested in capital machinations and strategy, I would recommend reading all the Economist stories in chronological order (use Google rather than their lamentable in-house search engine) for the blow-by-blow treatment. It's a great story which will likely become the subject of a book next year, and might even make a good movie. Sadly, one German investor was so badly hit by Porsche's aggressive financial strategy that he committed suicide after losing billions of Euro when Porsche made its famous 'short squeeze' play. IME 'you're overqualified' = authoritarian management. A classic book worth reading is 'On the psychology of military incompetence' by Norman F. Dixon, if you don't mind extrapolating the observations to other contexts. "Program a map to display frequency of data exchange, every thousand megabytes a single pixel on a very large screen. Manhattan and Atlanta burn solid white. Then they start to pulse, the rate of traffic threatening to overload your simulation. Your map is about to go nova..." I post to draw attention to the visualization technology, rather than the political aspect, by the way. Your chimpanzee murder examlpe seems at variance3 with your first comment above: I don't know any animal, other than humans, that will kill another animal just for the sheer pleasure of it. That seems quite morally corrupt. Animals kill other animals for what appear to be rationalizable reasons, food, competition, self-preservation. Obviously this is only a casual conversation, but you argue that unknowns in animal communication may obscure a greater moral sensibility (than that of humans), then provide an example of apparent immorality, which seems to refute your original contention. You make interesting points throughout, but they don't seem very coherent. Can you back up and clarify your thesis a little? I can't decide whether you're trying to tell us you're so rich you read in the pool or so busy you read in the shower. This sounds eerily reminiscent of the objections, including muscle pain, I heard to PCs going mouse+GUI in the 1990s (also yesterday here on HN :) ). Multi touch (which has been absent from this HN discussion but is present in Win7) allows many possibilities which are unavailable with a mouse and is what delivers the win. Yes, interfaces will have to change and evolve - snapping will be more important than ever, a mouse is still more accurate for fine work (but so is a stylus) and it's going to take time to figure out how to communicate interface information when we can't necessarily rely on having a cursor. But we'll get there. Early WIMP systems were pretty lame too compared to what we enjoy now. Kinda neat. Name/star ratings overlap logo box border in FF 3.0.1. App category link is well placed but maybe too small, ditto under the toolbar; my first impression was 'bunch of random apps, how do I sort these?' Too many featured/recent/popular; how about only 4 in each, and rotate/fade them in and out, let me then go to the relevant page to see all recent or whatever. Logo/tag cloud section is a bit too big IMHO. It takes up 1/3 of the window on my work monitor. Well, there are a few things where you pay first - books, as you say, but also movies, theater, fast food and so forth. Unsurprisingly, this involves high marketing and a tightly controlled supply chain to be profitable, or else a very qualified consumer (no way am I going to pay >$30 for the privilege of reading a paper in Nature or something that I might find interesting, but if I was a specialist in that field that would be different). I don't worry about the free/non-free thing. I see lots of stuff on the web that I'd consider worth a nickel, a dime, a quarter or even a dollar. The issue for me is that I am not going to get my credit card out and go through the 2-3 minute process of submitting all my billing information for such a tiny amount. Affiliate and adwords-type stuff is faster and better from the consumer point of view, but of course that often results in content degradation: as pointed out on HN recently, why write expertly about an obscure topic when there's more money to be made writing crap about a popular topic. The form for searching out plane tickets and such was the only thing that jumped out at me. It might be a winner if they make it very easy to buy things through the search engine page...eg you search for 'Great New Movie', get a list of cinemas local to your zip, pick the theater+showtime you want, and then get a 'buy' button, all without leaving the search environment. But things like that have been tried many times before. And I'm sure Google could resurrect Checkout or Wallet or whatever it was called. My understanding is that this is just 'a' waves client, just as there are a bunch of quite different applications that let you use Twitter or GMail in a variety of different ways. I think that's a bit like saying that there's no point in painting pictures when you could just use a camera...this is obviously a labor of love. Incidentally, if you ever get to the Computer History Museum in San Jose, they have an original computer from the Apollo missions there...which is also a bunch of wrapped wires. Gave me quite a shiver to imagine 3 people trusting their life to that. To a large extent this piece is PR for the upcoming Global Humanitarian Forum event. But in poorer countries there's less infrastructure to buffer people from a harsh environment, and problems tend to go unaddressed for longer, potentially leading to catastrophic failures like the collapse of the water table, so they're trying to highlight stuff that would be Big News if it were happening in a wealthier country. It is pretty much linkbait though. I'm with you on that. I'm trying to think of a way to tweak Gmail so so stuff from mailing lists can sit in my inbox long enough to be noticed but then be quietly auto-archived if I haven't looked at it after 24 hours. About half of what I receive ought to come with an expiry date.Also...er, [redacted]. You're right on the money: your momentary attention to a HN post has a value, and that accumulates with authors you like - you're more likely to upvote someone who has already impressed you. What if tipping is free for the consumer of a blog or video or tune, but the tips are redeemable for a discount with online retailers? Tips and/or comment depth presumably have some kind of analytic value and might be orthogonal or inversely proportional to the the kind of SEO-hackery designed to pull adwords bidding. #6: you just invested all your spare capital in Facebook. It won't go to court. Nothing of any value stays on w* without proper citation (so there goes libel), and since there's no financial consideration for participation in or use of w* the CoS can't claim injury in the legal sense. They do have awesome videogame-style powerups, though... http://carolineletkeman.org/sp/images/stories/claims/eternit... I thought it was OK, maybe we're just jaded? Well, I'll nominate http://www.crowdspring.com/ for cheap-n-cheerful logo or other design. You can always do a makeover later. Depends...how small can I print them? Better than most 'how to be successful in 10 easy steps' presentations. The most impressive aspect was listing early failed ideas and what was learned from them. I'm still not sure I see the point of Scribd, because I had no problem reading PDFs and the like on originating sites before it came along, but hey. Also, we desperately need a new namespace. I am so sick of cutesy homonyms. It's like that phase a few years ago where all edgy books/movies/ articles had a title of the form 'Verbing the Noun'. You have not gone nuts; that's when you give the voices greater priority than your external sensorium. But such symptoms could (at worst) be a sign of schizophrenia or Tourette's syndrome (particularly the profanity and involuntary vocalization). There is much good advice above. Have a chat with a psychiatrist - call a few of them in your area to find out what they charge, and pick one you that sounds busy but pleasant. Don't feel bad about trying another if you leave the first meeting feeling unsatisfied in some way, that's not unusual. Setting some time and money aside to visit a doctor and having their number handy can be a good stress-reducer in and of itself. There isn't a pharmaceutical 'magic bullet' for this, by the way. Your brain chemistry is as individual as you and your thought processes, so whatever therapeutic approach you adopt, if any, will require some experimentation and patience. Meantime, don't stress too much. Learn about the voices if you can: do they have persistent identity? do they respond to question or challenge? do they remind you of anyone? If you set aside some quiet time and just listen to the chatter, does anything of substance emerge? Having some experience with this, the best analogy I can make is that it's your regular dreaming process but with the volume turned up so that you can still hear it from the next (waking) room. I'm sure you can think of coding analogies too. Doesn't mean you're broken, and it's not necessarily a one-way thing either. It may just as well tail off in its own time. Also, another vote for The Origin of Consciousness in the Breakdown of the Bicameral Mind by Julian Jaynes; Daniel Dennett is also worth reading, and so is Stanislaw Lem. It's a 50/50. I quite agree that the internet is a mind-blowing thing, and I had to smile when I went to see Star Trek last week and couldn't help thinking that my phone is smaller and more functional than the Starfleet communicators (although I imagine the latter have better signal quality and the battery doesn't go flat every day). But our physical environment changes a lot more slowly than our digital one. I don't get a 'woah' moment as often as I'd like, but things are improving slowly. Certainly, some of this is down to my individual design sensibility. As context, I felt 'disappointed in the future' a lot during the 1990s, until one day I opened a magazine and saw a picture of the new VW beetle. Actually, 10 years on I still think it looks futuristic. I think efforts along these lines are hopelessly misplaced; all it's going to produce is a simulation of an autistic brain. It's not without scientific value but it's not going to cross a threshold and say 'hi there!'. When reading proposals for creating AI, few researchers discuss (at least publicly) the idea of simulating hunger or pain. How are we going to create intelligence without simulating qualitative experiences which give rise to the basic drives of avoidance and desire, which intelligence helps to fulfill? At the risk of stating the obvious, a cat brain is about 3 orders of magnitude smaller than a human's, but most will agree that a cat has personality (maybe mice do too, but I've never kept one). What we really want to create with AI is something that has enough personality for us to form a relationship with it which does not require us to pre-abstract our communication. So we would be far better off building something about as capable as (and no more dangerous) than a cat, and building 10 of them, which we can then play with and try to train. We can probably dump a whole lot of brainspace since we don't need to simulate the full complexity of an endocrine system etc etc; but we do need our ACats to have enough autonomy to get itself into trouble. We are never going to develop a machine that thinks if we don't give it something to think about, and it will never have anything worth thinking about if it doesn't have a sense of self, and it won't develop that without having to make decisions which feed back its qualitative experience. I am not an adherent of Searle's Chinese room argument, but on the other hand asking the guy in the room whether he prefers noodles or rice is devoid of meaning if he subsists on an endless supply of burgers and fries; all you get int hat case is an expert system which parses Chinese but has nothing of note to say in that language. I'll tell you two things that are wrong with your site for free. You allow people to shop together. In general, men compete to display their technical knowledge about things in which they are interested, but don't shop socially. I like sharing my knowledge with friends, but not with strangers or I'd pursue a career in retail. I tend to note things and hunt for them later. Mrs Browl likes to know what her favorite suppliers have on offer and forages about until she finds something that interests her. They're equally valid but quite different selection strategies. Women love shopping together (frequently without any impulse to buy) because they learn about their friends by seeing what they are interested in. So I think your business model is much more interesting to women shopping for clothes than men shopping for digital cameras. If you buy into this idea, then your target market is female friends separated by geography, not men who would be equally happy working at Best Buy. Now, your 'big elephant leading little elephant' logo reinforces your site title 'browseology', which is presumably the study of how to successfully browse Amazon for shopping purposes. For men, you're putting them in an inferior position, implying they have less knowledge and bruising tender egos by suggesting they lack browseology skills. For women, you're suggesting that they are elephant friends. Women like elephants, but they don't want to identify with them. The idea and the technology both have merit. But the social contract you present to potential customers is a double fail. So: rebrand. You could do worse than grab a few co-workers, load up on weed and beer, and lock yourselves in a room for the weekend with a TV that tunes only to Bravo and TLC, to immerse yourselves in gender stereotypes. Picking a fight would have been writing off $10,000 in publicity expenses and then filing suit against Google for infringing on your IP. Alternatively (and also not recommended!) would have been to pick a fight with Jeff Bezos by claiming that 'Amazon is making people lonely and exploiting their isolation for profit'. You would get nowhere, of course, but it'd get you lots of free publicity. Minus the political connotations, I'd agree. Clinton was indeed a lawyer, but then so was Nixon. Carter came from an engineering background; one could argue that Reagan's shift to personality politics was an elevation of style over substance. So my point is not that his politics are wrong, but that they were of the moment and plenty of competing or complementary interpretations exist. We have painted ourselves into an unproductive corner with too much litigation and an over-emphasis on economic productivity where groundbreaking ideas which don't have meaningful analytics yet are considered too risky due to lack of quantifiability. One man's political effeteness is another's tyranny of the market. Perhaps, too, there's an awareness that we're running out of land and (most) resources have already been claimed/ allocated, so it's harder and harder to suspend disbelief in muscular external technology, at least for the near future. I noticed the most recent Bond movies focus on villains' ability to manipulate the commercial and legal environment rather than building improbably powerful hardware. A mentor of mine once wrote that 'politics is the stench that comes off a decaying religion'. Neither social institution has much of a plan for adapting to innovation, other than asserting the right to control it. Good point. On the other hand, if you've got some breathing room to see how practical it is, it's conceptually pretty simple. Start by finding out why they want to go Linux rather than using something like Quickbooks (which is not that expensive overall). Then start hacking something together with MySQL to see if you like it. I'd lean towards using python because it's friendly, but C remains popular on Linux. There's a book called Beginning Linux Programming by Stones and Matthew which is a great introduction to the operating environment and key concepts, and nice to read. The use an example database application of a CD collection/music store, developed/extended in a variety of programming contexts and languages. I'd say obtain the book and curl up with it for 3 days, it's worth owning a copy anyway and you'll know after a few days whether tis feasible for you or you're entering a world of hurt. Just think of it as micro-blogging...all the admin is handled for you, so it's an easy way to post a simple thought/question/interesting link. I don't use it much either, but I've overcome my initial skepticism. Agree. If Robots can work on more than 1 wave at a time (eg manage/monitor input on one wave and send summary updates to another) then it also opens up possibilities for lazy distributed processing applications. A (superficial) look at their proposals so far gives me the impression that the robots will make great quick-n-dirty FSMs and DSPs. There are many commercial opportunities here, but I also think think there's massive potential for pro bono and free-not-as-in-beer projects. Good questions. I don't agree with the practice of releasing mugshots for charges. If you're found innocent by the court, your mugshot is still out there on the net making you look like a criminal. It also seems to me to bias trials in advance. I don't understand why this practice hasn't been ended by legal challenge. I don't think much of an article that uses the word 'surface' as a passive verb, as is 'Bing does more to surface information you're probably looking for...' ...uh, no. Surely the level of regulation he advocates seems excessive to you, no? (I have no particular opinion RR's actual recommendations). Usually the point-of-sale software, card readers, and receipt printer come as a package, and don't play particularly nicely with 3rd part equipment. You make a good point, but part of the reasoning behind modern receipts (of the kind you hate) is that thermal paper involves the least amount of operator overhead - put in a new roll every so often, no need to worry about separate ink cartridges etc., plus they're fast. If you want to propose an alternative, I'd start by obtaining a copy of Quicken POS (a common piece of software) and a consumer photo printer, to see how practical it is to print out custom receipts. Then you could look into commercial volume printing solutions and see what sort of budget you'd be looking at. Searched favorite obscure techno band. Returned Obscure Band homepage. Compare Google: returns wikipedia page. Damn, everything I love is going mainstream. Anyway, mildly impressed. Click top Bing result. Dead link. Accept Google's suggestion. Redirected to actual live page. The end. PS: My girlfriend asked if it they called it 'bing' because it makes a 'bing' noise when you search. I laughed but then I thought this would be amusing. Anybody know how would I set about doing such a thing? I'm not a web coder. iWAR? 'blint' is pronounceable but doesn't actually mean anything. The same is true of my username, for that matter. 'Performant' doesn't have any etymological basis, nor does it fill any real need; such words only serve to highlight their employers' lack of vocabulary. Children make up such portmanteau words on a regular basis, but this is generally the result of ignorance rather than originality and is generally curable with the help of a dictionary and thesaurus. English has such a massive vocabulary that if you need a new word and you're not writing a fantasy/sci-fi novel, then it probably means that you weren't paying attention. demographic is an adjective, like financial . True, people say financials when they mean financial (statement)s , but I share the Economist's dislike of this linguistic slop. Consider also that the written word still enjoys somewhat higher esteem in Britain, where the Economist is published; it is by no means uncommon to find corpses in the gutter of London's Fleet Street in the early dawn, driven to suicide by the shame of a misplaced apostrophe. It all depends on the sense with which you approach something. I have been a loyal reader of the Economist for a decade now, and have arrived at the point of finding competing publications almost unreadable due to the poor standards of writing and the substitution of affectation for real style. On the other hand, I also enjoy reading 4chan and post there occasionally - sometimes in clear English, sometimes in LOLspeak. Though many there are undoubtedly only semi-literate, many others are simply having fun at the expense of others (as can be seen by the relatively correct use at Encyclopedia Dramatica). If you use the 'wrong' misspellings at 4chan - I kan has chisburgar , say - you'll just get laughed at. Surprisingly, it runs quite smoothly on this crappy little Athlon 64 (about 5 years old, 1gb RAM) here at work, in FF 3.0.1.0. Not as smoothly as on my home machine, but not enough to be annoying either. Excellent work. I am not sure about the name, I presume you are trying to say 'almost like being there?'. It probably doesn't help that today's top story is the sad news about that missing plane :-/ ...one feature request would be some kind of feed/download option for the stats window at the bottom...though for the few who'd be interested in doing math on it, I suppose it wouldn't be much more effort to just go to Twitter directly. I found myself wondering about the absolute numbers represented by the graph, though. With the camera and internet play (see the other family) it's going to be bad for that segment of the TV market, because it'll be easy to set up tournaments with cash prizes. Way more people will compete to win $1000 than will watch TV to watch someone else win $100,000. On an unrelated note, I wonder if/how they're going to prevent it being used for porn. Obviously they won't allow porn games but the video chat + bored teens makes that kind of activity pretty much inevitable. Fights are most bitter when the stakes are low. Let's face it, the value supposedly comes from the quality of the answers rather than the questions...although from the site owners perspective, the questions are time candy which keeps the users hanging around the website. Raw #s at http://www.naa.org/TrendsandNumbers/Advertising-Expenditures... - the meat is that total newspaper ad sales in 2005 were ~50b and now it's ~30b - while some of that is obviously recessionary, many of those advertisers are never going to come back now that they've discovered the joys of digital. As well as it being easier than ever to publish your original content, it's also become easier than ever to book advertising. The company I work for is based in old media (TV) and working on strategy in bundling TV ad sales with radio and print for niche markets but it's not a viable long-term approach - I do learn interesting things about how the ad biz works, but some days I can't help hearing the subtext as 'this slide rule will still work when your calculator batteries have died'. Your target market is musicians. As said above, the iTunes model will work - indeed, so might an iPhone app. But also, consider making it a VST plugin (VST = virtual studio technology, free SDK from Steinberg) It's the industry standard for non-pro users and works with all music recording/editing platforms on both Mac and PC. These kinds of users have no problem downloading & installing, and are more likely to pay - your pricing is quite reasonable, and moving what you do to VST shouldn't involve much overhead, the DSP will be the same. Make an option to output the chords to MIDI, which should be trivially easy. Better yet, make lite and pro versions - lite version maybe only does major chords or doesn't output MIDI. 3 websites (kvr, sonicstate and createdigitalaudio) will reach 90% of the plugin community. I'm at work so I can't test it out (and gave up using WinAmp long ago anyway) but I wonder how it copes with techno or orchestral music? I like making electronic stuff, but I just don't have a very good ear for chords and would love to have this as an analysis tool. Feel free to email. Saying 'don't put your hand on that stove or you'll get burnt' is not a threat to grab your hand and hold it to the stove. True, but that cuts both ways. Twitvid.io xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx see below xxxxxxxxxxxxx hasn't been in existence very long, so there is no way they can argue their domain is an established mark. Twitvid.com could point to the early registration (and possibly the date of their purchase of it) as evidence that they planned to move into this space and had to move up their launch schedule in response to twitvid.io. Trademarks are quite different from copyright, where proof of authorship is all; given the relative youth of both sites, I wouldn't rely on a legal remedy if I were twitvid.io. If nothing else, one would have to ask whether the cost of defending the mark would exceed the cost to buyout the .com, and indeed if/why not this was budgeted for. Just noticed that twitvid.com (not .io as I mistakenly noted above) actually has an active trademark application on the name Twitvid. Specifically, it's their parent eatlime.com, an existing video-sharing service that has done the filing. So I don't see much hope for twitvid.io leveraging their http://venturebeat.com/tag/cotwitvidcom/ I don't mean to be an ass, but if you couldn't meet the asking price for twitvid.com that ought to have thrown up a red flag. Did you have market research/business intelligence on your competitors in the video sharing space before launch? No, people do not smoke 'to be someone'. That's a wild generalization. It may well have something to do with why people start smoking, but very little to do with why people keep smoking. I smoke, but frankly I'm embarrassed about it because my reason for doing so is purely addictive. I find this especially ironic considering that I have used most illegal drugs but have never had any serious difficulty when I decided to quit doing so. I'm thinking about the e-cigarette thing because it offers a viable harm reduction option more likely to result in a permaquit. What you say is all true, but only for stuff that comes from big-name bands or artists with the potential to be one. I do think there is quite a large community of bedroom producers/artists out there that will never get near a record deal or anything more substantial than tiny sales on iTunes or views on YouTube - less good musos who can't easily make out the chords (like myself) and those in the less profitable musical genres (electronic/dance and metal) where there are many, many more amateurs or hopefuls than successful acts. Anyway, I think there's a definite market for this plugin among the bedroom set. AU users (who I forgot abuot because I'm not a mac owner...oops) are more likely to pay money than VSTers, but a friendly Lite version will definitely drive sales of an affordable Pro version. The Pro Tools folk will have little to no use for this plugin - let's face it, if you're paying for PT, you probably don't need the computer to help you with working out the chords. I think you're being a little unfair to Windows audio though. I used to produce on a full-size Pro Tools HD rig, but at home I've always been a Win/PC guy and don't find it limiting. I think the lean to Mac is just because they were the leader in that space for such a long time. I was really surprised you didn't mention Ableton Live in your otherwise excellent roundup, though of course that's much more for dance than other DAWs. It really is a pity. The Commodore PET was the first computer I got to use at high school, and 2 years later I persuaded my parents to buy a Vic-20 (though with hindsight, I should have asked for the Spectrum, which would have made me a better programmer). The C64 and 128 were very good for their time, and the Amiga (bought by Commodore in 1985) still has many fans; for a while it was the affordable option for 3d graphics and video mixing. It's still a bit of a mystery to me why Commodore failed to crack the business market with it. Maybe their success in the home computer space diminished the brand in the eyes of potential buyers, or maybe it was because Commodore's board decided to focus on profit-taking after ejecting Jack Tramiel, and failed to dominate against the Atari ST (which was what JT sold next after getting the boot from his own company). Excuse the run-on nostalgia. When I was a teen, Jack Tramiel was a hero of mine, and he enjoyed the same kind of status that Bill Gates or Steve Jobs has - a ruthless businessman whose recipe for success was making technology affordable and accessible. Back when computers seemed like exotic and opaque toys (I grew up in Ireland, so in the 80s the computer revolution was just beginning), Jack Tramiel was pushing out fun and affordable machines, but they and he looked respectable enough to be part of the 'sell' to skeptical parents - 'the company is called Commodore Business Machines, Dad! It's not just for games, I'll have a career!' I knew little or nothing of business, but I knew Tramiel was a businessman who listened to his engineers and his customers, and that meant a lot to a young geek. He was really ahead of his time. A few things left out of this still-good article, which take the blame off Enterprise Software Companies (somewhat): 1. Google runs its own servers, and has been quietly building a cloud. ESCs have traditionally installed their systems on corporate networks by necessity. It would probably not be easy for Google to offer 'Wave in a Box' and stick on shelves at Office Depot, or come in, install it, and then walk away. If I had suggested to a corporate client in the 90s that they put their mission-critical enterprise software on an IBM or MS server somewhere in Montana they'd have asked what I was smoking. My current non-tech boss still wants everything emailed as a Word document because he 'owns' MS office and the hardware it sits on. He simply doesn't get the concept of Google Docs and is hostile to the idea of not knowing 'where his files are'. Because it's free, in his mind that means it lacks value. 2. Enterprises are about work. Wave is innovative, but as with many other net things, 3rd party innovation will play a key role - and the 3rd party innovation comes from people playing with freely accessible tools, and re-purposing them in unforeseen ways. Now if you work at MegaCorp and you've just installed Softosaurus across your enterprise, with all the huge deployment and training costs, the last thing you are going to do is say 'play around with it - it's OK if it breaks, as long as it does so in an interesting way'. If you find a way to set up Notes such that it allows you to play Tetris, this is more likely to get you fired than to earn you a personal espresso machine and a pat on the back. Innovation within the enterprise is disruptive of the enterprise's goals, and looked on with extreme suspicion. When I was still working for multinationals, I got disciplined more than once for over-customising my workstation because my increase in productivity came at the expense of the standard build... 3. and violating the standard build is an intensely political act, because it implies that someone in a decision making role was wrong. This is client-side politics: deviating from the decisions of the IT strategists is looked on as hostility to their goals, and thus towards those of the organization. Of course, when I was in tech support I regularly moaned about users who wouldn't do what was good for them, so I'm guilty too. The bottom line is that enterprise clients do not reward experimentation or innovation until they see the resulting productivity elsewhere. Curiosity is not a valuable trait, what they want is focus and diligence. You can't really blame enterprise suppliers for choosing to cater to this primary demand of their customers. Build spaceport: You do not have enough points to do that. It is very impressive, although I would have liked to be able to rotate around the compass - but presumably they are using the fake 3d to keep load times down, especially given the potential for traffic spikes on the Chinese internet. Obviously there is some potential for painting over any underisarable information (no half-finished buildings here, everything is neat and shiny!), but there is also utility in the 'cartooned' abstraction. I wonder to what extent it was generated vs. hand-textured. Also a good excuse to repost this: http://www.c3technologies.com/ (warning, noisy video autostart). Astounding working demo under 'Reference' menu. I am getting tired of the cutesy easter eggs on Alpha. I suppose it's good for marketing, but every time I see one it reminds me of how limited expert systems are and makes me think how shallow their lexical analysis is. 'What is skynet?', like many other things, produces only an error. They really need a query builder and refine search tool. It's hard to browse the data to see what's there; every time I search I feel like I'm throwing dart while blindfolded. Additionally, when I mistype things like 'us pgdp / population' it comes back and asks if I meant 'US population'. What I want is a little form saying 'hmmm... US [pgdp?] / US population ?' where [pdgp?] is an edit box where I can correct my typo. I approach fixing broken things by beginning with the assumptions that they are designed to work, and that examining each subsystem for damage will get me there. In the example above, 'US', '/' and 'population' are working query terms, so why doesn't W|A keep those current while highlighting the need to repair the meaningless 'pgdp'? Ray Ozzie certainly seems to be changing their corporate culture for the better. On the provided examples, Natal looks like an unambigious winner if it delivers; Sideshow looks more in the pattern of MS delivering an awkward implementation of a basically good idea. Let me rephrase that. Sideshow looks stupid and the name invites mockery. Make it a tablet touchscreen and say it's the future of the mouse, and then please send me one if this turns out to be profitable. From : http://www.eng-tips.com/viewthread.cfm?qid=246491&page=1 Again, any single box is not the problem. It's the receiving end. Picture the FAA receiving 8000 planes worth of a minimum of 88 data streams at 50 Hz at 12 bytes each. That would be a minimum of about 4 Gbps data stream, and allowing for collisions and whatnot, you're around 20 Gbps datastream capacity. Guess where the hackers are going to concentrate their efforts. And given the large number of access points required to make that all happen, guess how often the database will be compromised. And it's really quite good: I got meaningful results on a wide range of topics of varying obscurity. A few outright failures, mostly on complex terms; eg 'california TV stations' gives me CA city information. I sent my list of 12 suggestions to the labs team: highest priority were share/export to docs|base, and entering search terms or [sublist search] in individual fields. If they can make it social and create 'trusted tables' there's the possibility of having users curate a lot of data for them a la Wikipedia. Remind me not to hire you for anything mission-critical. For this to be true everyone would have to wear one, and the plane would have to break open in mid-air. Obviously, structural integrity is an asset more often than a disadvantage. You won't be able to engineer this unless everyone sits in mini capsules and the plane like a ballistic missile with MIRV. The costs (in planes accidentally exploding over false positives and spewing out their encapsulated passengers) vastly outweigh the benefits. I see the USB port is still there :) Wonder how they will handle storage - suppose I see an image I want to save or stuff I wish to copy/paste and send via gmail. I get that there is no local storage but I hope it will allow inter-process operability. Mrs Browl and I are also going. The optimal viewing spot is on the lower right side of the baseball diamond. At the expected price point, or at all? Could you articulate why? Oh yeah. I meant save-to-picasa or such, not locally. Sorry. Oh, there are a few such companies. Can't think of the names right now, but I did some research into this over the winter. A big problem is that the asset creation is very expensive, and balancing the economic factors is much easier said than done. If you are interested in this, Richard Bartle, inventor of MUD, is the leading thinker in the field. The best technical system that I know of is the stackless python one developed for Eve Online , which I believe is profitable but has only about $300k players. Mind you, with that number it's insanely complex already. I had to stop playing, because to do so well requires the same level of commitment as a full time job. No. It's not just the dev team, it's the players. They think they own the dev team. http://www.mud.co.uk/richard/hcds.htm http://www.themis-group.com/uploads/Pitfalls%20of%20Virtual%... http://eternal-lands.blogspot.com/2008/03/mmorpgs-economy.ht... http://eternal-lands.blogspot.com/2008/03/mmorpgs-economy-pa... http://www.devmaster.net/articles/mmorpg-postmortem/part1.ph... The canonical book is Richard Bartle's Designing Virtual Worlds . The first essay is from him, and a classic known by all MMO developers. The next three are an academic essay by Bartle on virtual economies, and a two-part essay by Radu Privantu on the day-to-day practicalities. The last is also by Privantu, a ~5000 word post mortem on the genesis, growth and maturity of Eternal Lands, a simple but moderately successful fantasy MUD. There's about a full day's worth of reading here (or two if you read it carefully), but it will pay for itself many times over if you are ever thinking seriously of starting or joining the dev team of an MMO. Many of the lessons therein could easily be extrapolated to other online contexts, especially those built around a persistent social model. http://www.stackless.com/ stackless python See in particular the articles about Eve, who co-developed this to produce a non-sharded world (in other words, one that isn't split into virtualized incidences walling players in different 'dungeons' away from each other). Eve can get away with fudging some of these problems to an extent because it takes place in space and so travel is achieved by use of things like warp gates and hyperspace jumps - you can just fly off into space with normal engines but given the astronomical distances being simulated this isn't practical for actual travel, only for tactical combat advantage (scouting or sniping at enemy ships). As with a most other online games, players tend to congregate around a central point because of navigational and trade benefits. In Eve's case this is a system called Jita which regularly had 500 ships in one local volume, leading to horrendous lag. Load balancing can become a particular problem and so does client bandwidth since you're suddenly trying to feed everyone 1000 vectors per second. I have mixed feelings, in that I'm Irish and I'm not so in favor of high corporation taxes, but rather higher capital gains taxes on profits realized through share ownership (trying to balance fiscal &social responsibility with enabling business). but taxes are ultimately a philosophical issue to which there is no correct answer. Although This will likely not make a big difference to anything in the long run, it shows Ballmer to have a political tin ear. This is not a good time for a rich CEO of a rich company which accounts for a lot of H1-Bs to be complaining about the pain of paying taxes. Average joe and Jane have little interest in the niceties of economics or technology, and will read this as 'Evil megacorp blackmails government and hires only cheap foreigners, also Vista sux'. MS is the 800lb gorilla of the software world, but the US government is the 800lb gorilla of the, er, world. Playing standard Ballmer hardball at a time of skyrocketing unemployment is a bit like the car bosses a few months ago taking private jets to ask DC for more money to build cars nobody wants to or can afford buy. Good reason or not, it's wildly insensitive to the political mood. Well the non-sharded aspect takes 3 forms: - totally dynamic load balancing on the servers - cross-game chat at all times - cross-game market (well, there are multiple regional markets but distance is part of the game mechanic). You could always move to Somalia. One does have a vote in most societies (though being Irish in America, I don't), and basic services are there for the asking. If you don't like the cost/benefit ratio in the society you're in, you can try to change it, or leave; unless you're unfortunate enough to live somewhere like North Korea. Government is not some exterior entity, it's the expression of the people at large. Of course, that's problematic because we (humans) ran out of spare land some time ago. If you were part of one tribe and defeated by another here in the US >500 years ago, you could go elsewhere and either establish yourself there or regroup and take back your ancestral land in another conflict. But against European colonists with superior technology, it ended up as a string of lost conflicts. The colonists in turn were opting out of their default social contract, and established another where there was weak opposition. Technology doesn't make people nicer or fairer, but is used for competitive advantage when fighting over resources. If the South had had better technology (including the socioeconomic kind) they might have secured their desired border and prevailed. If/when it becomes practical to colonize other planets, we'll do the same things as before on a grander scale. you cannot make contracts in gold, and expect them to be enforced. Two flaws with this argument of Nozick's: 1. by accepting or requesting external enforcement of your contracts, you're opting into the general social contract; 2. well of course people wanted to use gold to settle. the claimholders had got there first and there was a lot of gold to be had. If California was a separate country, it would have just resulted in a social contract where only gold was acceptable, because that suited gold-holders. You know, if you happen to sit atop a diamond mine, then you probably think everyone should be willing to accept diamonds as payment. If I sit atop a diamond mine and you don't, you probably feel otherwise. Well, the interests of small and large groups of people do not always align perfectly. Ain't life a bitch. Headlines aren't journalism, particularly on a magazine. It's OK for me, but you want a fair bit of personal information. Do you need to know my age? No. Add a privacy policy. Giant graphic obscures your info. I didn't really want to scroll down to find out what. Otherwise home page is good. I'm not sure what it is you're offering that I can't do with, say, OpenOffice. What makes your apps different from/better than existing desktop software? 'They' in 2. being the people who controlled the alternative money supply, ie the gold. C'mon, don't you think there might have been even a little bit of self-interest at work there? Nobody started it that I know of, it's just an obvious example since Somalia hasn't had a functional government for a while now. It's the nearest thing to an anarchic society going at present (as opposed to a small community within a wider society). I don't really know level of minimal government you have in mind; I'm guessing defense and courts and police, but I can't help feeling that much of what government does in the name of regulation is to agglomerate court precedents. As any society with writing progresses, refinements to their civil code are going to accumulate. I think liberatarians would do better to provide examples of economically diverse societies and show how a minimalist approach provides better results over the long run. Well, that's a pretty large assumption. At least in american English, the phrase 'this _____' is commonly understood to be self-referential in some manner unless some other context has been previously established. For example: This sentence contains ten words and is a true statement. If you haven't read Godel, Escher, Bach , now is the time. "Om nom nom." "Crunchy, aren't they." It sounds like a losing proposition, but it isn't, necessarily. A record label can hook someone talented up with word-class producers, session musicians and recording facilities, as well as setting up collaborations with established artists. Some people can produce a great song in their home studio, but many can't. Mariah Carey has a superb voice, for example, but as far as I know she doesn't play any instruments and her interest in technology is limited to playing video games. A 360 degree deal can be a good option for a performer armed with a decent manager. The teevee and the music industry likes to lump everyone together as 'artists' but the reality is that many excellent performers aren't especially creative and just happen to be lucky enough to do something well, without necessarily being driven to explore any new musical frontiers. for this kind a of person, a managed career makes vastly more financial sense because they don't have a big prospect of making money from licensing their own tunes. And next time we have a crash due to obvious human error, the question will be why we spend so much money on technology if it can't be used to save lives. I'm not denying the observations made in the article - they could be well-founded, and such questions are worth exploring. At the same time, I can't help reading it partly as filler material, and partly as an excuse to bash Airbus (a fashionable choice in some parts of the media, because they're a state-funded enterprise and even worse, they're French ). I'm not carrying water for Airbus, they have had their share of problems. But it's rather unfair to point out that they also have a very good overall safety record. Of course, statistics are abstract whereas tragedies are very very personal. Very interesting. It's fascinating how many of these undercut themselves by making the information hard to parse or in some cases actively sabotaging the person's prospects. Sean McNally's RPG character sheet in particular tells me he's not serious, doesn't use a spellchecker or perform proofreading, gets himself into trouble on a frequent basis and is deeply insecure about himself. Also had to love the last one for Sofiane Yaya, which urged me not to drop it as litter in a public place. Mentally, I did the responsible thing and put it in the trashcan as suggested. I took 'brand name' to mean any college with an excellent reputation in its field, not just the private Ivy League colleges. A degree in physics from UC Berkeley (semi-public) is nothing to sneeze at, for example. No, but I have felt inferior for not going to college. For a variety of mostly personal reasons, it didn't seem like a life-enhancing decision at the time (~25 years ago, in Ireland). I found this article deeply significant and easy to identify with. I was particularly struck by the example of Steve Jobs, but don't know enough to tell if it's an accurate characterization of the man or not. It would be nice to hear about this from other HN readers, as it would any insights on how to leverage this particular skillset. I dry up and wither on my own, but am very good at refining something by gradually eliminating its flaws in pursuit of a collective win. The author's experience of being told by all and sundry that he was terribly creative while being acutely aware of the flaws in his own work ring very true for me. Indeed, this particular combination can be quite oppressive as people form extremely unrealistic expectations and then express inordinate disappointment when they go unmet...and meantime, one's real skill (which is diagnostic and often therapeutic) is widely regarded as a form of negativity - in extreme form, this manifests as anti-science claims founded on the idea that doctors have a vested interest in keeping people sick, or the like. Surely what you want is the best data about good places to start a company. The real answer: it depends on your criteria. Delaware is the cheapest place to incorporate, but nobody knows where it is. Nevada is the best place if your business involves lots of cash and/or hookers. Silicon valley may still be the best if you want to meet like-minded geeks. Hollywood stays in LA both for the infrastructure and the weather. Michigan has great incentives right now if you don't mind the cold winters...see the problem? Although I'm a fan of Nolan Bushnell, this kind of blog posting is so lacking in content as to be useless. So regulation is onerous in California - fair enough. When did the burden of regulation reach a tipping point that made it too much of a handicap? how was it in the old days? What regulations, specifically, are the problem - taxation, employment law, consumer safety, or what? California's government is the problem. The state is business-hostile. It is merit-hostile. It has the highest tax rates and returns less in services to its average citizens. Massive pension abuses are not dealt with. One wonders if California's emphasis on citizen democracy is at the root of the problem. It's certainly left us with the best democracy that money can buy, which turns out to be a pretty bad one. I was more thinking of the property tax caps (which may not have been such a good idea, but are hard to change) and the fact that you can get just about any old BS onto the ballot with 500,000 signatures, which you can collect for 1-2 million. Meantime, it takes 2/3 of the legislature to pass a budget and it's been late something like 17 out of the past 18 years. I do approve of the idea of ballot initiatives, but between one thing and another it's made our state terribly unwieldy to govern. Either, and occasionally both, my favorite example being 'this sentence no verb'. There's a big difference between being able to find a way out of a given paradox and in being able to generalize that insight to makes statements about computability (or proofs, in the context of mathematics). There are some interesting ideas there. I'm not in favor of the sometimes-suggested solution of splitting CA up into smaller states, but along these lines, I can't argue with the observation that our US senators 'represent' about 19 million people each, whereas a senator from Montana represents fewer than half a million. It wasn't always as dysfunctional, or the debts as yawning. CA's fortunes tend to swing with the economic winds. When things are good, you can make a ton of money here, and that tends to make people forget what it's like when things are bad. This is also how our property market came to be sooo overheated. An excellent post. As we all know, there are times when it no longer makes sense to keep maintaining legacy code which has begun to collapse under its own weight. In that spirit, I invite HN readers to look into the Bay Area council's proposal for a constitutional convention: http://www.repaircalifornia.org/index.php Politics is an awkward subject, as evidenced by the often febrile debates here over libertarianism, the role of government and so forth. But those of us who are residents of California owe a lot to the state - not to be confused with The State - and as hackers, pride ourselves on having the energy and insight to make things work better. Rewriting our socioeconomic source code is a messy and likely thankless task, but no less worthy of our participation for that. I strongly disagree. Incidentally, while this may be new since your first message, there is disclosure on the landing page which I found quite adequate. I notice Google leads by a significant margin. Is Bing looking better than it really is? Who knows, but while I don't plan to switch away from Google, Bing is OK by me - the quality of results are pretty good and its fast. Yahoo not so much (and I got no Yahoo results to my tests at this site) but I'd given up on Yahoo search before Google came along. You assume it's a one-off search and that the users are simply licking randomly on whatever they see that's immediately interesting. I see no justification for this assumption. Personally, I did what I did with any new search engine: perform 10 searches on topics ranging from topical to deeply obscure, and look at the first 5 results for each search to evaluate the quality of both the returned sites and the text clips for each. If this was the subject of a paper submitted to the journal of information processing, you'd have a valid point. But as a 'what happens if...' experiment on the web, I'm just fine with it. And your basis for asserting 'arbitrary and one-off searches' is...? Actually, my impression after reading the piece, is that his response is 'we are sheep with guns'. I've met two types of gun enthusiasts: the ones that like hunting o other sport shooting and are basically nerds who like throwing around statistics and how-to tips, and the ones that believe a Mad Max dystopia is coming any day now , or are possibly convinced it's already here, who strike me as a bunch of paranoid lunatics. A gun is a perfectly valid home defense option, but the dystopian crowd always seem to be waiting for some kind of reverse rapture in which they'll finally get to show how well-prepared they are. They remind me of the martial-arts types that talk endlessly about what would happen if they were ever to get into a fight, but don't feel comfortable riding public transport. Microsoft Research has developed an interesting experiment along those lines, which unfortunately remains offline, although someone has registered the domain: http://research.microsoft.com/en-us/projects/blews/ Elitist jerks who like to believe they're superior to the great mass of people. I, on the other hand, didn't bother because in my infinite wisdom I already knew this fact to be true :-) Once you've established yourself as a genius of some sort, you get to go all Zen, and write columns like 'Remember to tie your shoelaces because if you don't, you might trip - now, what are your business's shoelaces?' The more glaringly obvious your insights, the more you'll be lauded as someone who cares about 'the little guy' instead of some high-falutin' elitist. Journalists love this stuff because 'guru' articles write themselves... In person, Godin is a chameleon, alternating between monkish calm and bursts of hyper-creativity. He looks at my voice recorder with amusement. 'Do you ever listen back to more than the first 15 minutes?' he asks, eyes a-twinkle. No, I sheepishly admit. [...] As I leave, I feel a gentle hand on my arm. 'Your shoelace is untied,' says Godin. I look down and he's right: it is. I kneel to re-tie it, an almost automatic act; but as I stand up, a wave of realization bursts over me: this is the lesson he's been trying to communicate for the last hour. And it's one that I'll never find in my voice recorder. Your argument seems circular, to say the least. You could contact YC and ask if you can put in $100k. Or sit down by yourself or with a friend, and draw up some rules: max commitment to any one venture X, min equity requirement Y, time horizon Z. Say you decide to start by investing $50k in $5k chunks. Then read HN and similar as you already do, waiting for things that set your spider-sense a-tingle. Interview them, see which ones excite you, throw some bucks at the ones which won't let you sleep at night. Then your job is to check in with each of these 10 for half a day each week - not too onerous for them, not too consuming for you. Assume that 7 of them will fail, 2 will survive but not thrive, and one will still keep you awake at night in 3 months. Investing $50k in your gut instincts with the knowledge that you'll likely lose 80% of it will probably teach you more than 20 books or seminars. Edit: the failures will of course result in a variety of emotions, but as long as they fail in an interesting way they could yield great new friendships and contacts. Your second round of (say) $100k will be better invested, and the result of that process will guide your third round of $250k, by which time you'll either have found your feet or lost your shirt in the process of looking for them. Edit II: it may sound stupid, but you could also purchase/establish a small coffee shop with fast internet and a good tech library: give solo programmers a place to hang out and hack and later marry them with a business advisor of your own choosing. :-) No you didn't use up the space, but I have been looking for ~$250k+ for the company I work for. This is NOT a pitch, I don't think it's suitable for or interesting to the OP (non-tech, big chunk of change, old media business model). But I would like to ask the OP what kind of overall return s/he hopes to make on a low-mid 6 figures investment, and how soon. I can always use guidance into an investor's goals. There's only one way to find out. After all, you're not asking them for money; it would be more like an internship. Best of luck whichever way you jump, it's nice that you want to reinvest in your community. A particularly amusing example ripped from today's headlines...your tax dollars at work: "Pres Obama you got nerve while u sightseeing in Paris to tell us 'time to deliver' on health care. We still on skedul/even workinWKEND." More at: http://voices.washingtonpost.com/44/2009/06/07/irked_grassle... /background: http://www.politico.com/blogs/anneschroeder/0309/Grassley_th... I share the feeling of optimism, but must point out that the European Parliament is where a lot of good ideas go to die, and it has little in the way of real power. Members include representatives of parties who wan to leave Europe and other relatively fringe thinkers. So it's significant, but not momentously so. Indeed. 25 people who'll give you a page of detailed feedback once a week could save you months of frustration and wrong turns. If your site depends on a networking effect of some kind, you might be able to recruit Alpha testers who'll agree to roleplay all being interested in the same topic. I wonder whether they are really that concerned about content, or whether this is a not-so-subtle message to people who might feel tempted to resurrect the 'spirit of 68' amid the economic doldrums. I think he's trying to say that postmodernism is a critical methodology, rather than a collection of assertions - much as science is a systematic way of developing knowledge, rather than just the sum of its various axioms. ThomPete, you might find it instructive to consider that the major problem of postmodernism is its' adherents seeming inability to make simple declarative statements. Of course, simple declarative statements are often freighted with unspoken assumptions, and unpacking and analyzing these is a postmodern exercise in itself, particularly that of Jacques Derrida and the deconstructionists. But where many postmodernsists go wrong is in the attempt to make fully qualified and narrowly specified declarative statements, which end up being almost impossible to read. In their zeal to avoid implying anything or having their intentions misunderstood, postmodernists frequently alienate their audiences with discourse which resembles cultural autism. This creates the impression that post-modernists are actually in love with the comforting certainties of modernism, but have seen the negative results of too much certitude: they would still like to establish definitive truths, but have decided to do so very very carefully. I am not against post modernism, which I believe has many interesting things to say and provides useful tools with which to understand the world and our place in it. However, a critical framework that is so woolly and inconsistent as to be useless for practical communication of ideas does no service to the truths it was designed to express. European Union =/= European Parliament. I suggest that the EU Commission and Council of Ministers, along with the European court, have more influence on the development of the EU than its Parliament; which is not to say that the European Parliament is entirely toothless. The election of a Pirate Party member to that body, while interesting, is likely to have only marginal effect. I suggest you ponder the rest of that wikipedia article, or since you live in Europe, look at its day-to-day workings for a while. As a fellow European, surely you are aware that in practice the EUP is a punching bag for national governments and widely perceived as a sideshow, which is why nations fight tooth and nail to preserve their commission representation. Given its inability to propose legislation, it is hamstrung compared to a typical national legislature, not to mention being riven by petty disputes of language nationalism and so forth. With the best of intentions, how is the new Pirate Party member going to bring about a provocative debate on the meaning of copyright and intellectual property when everything has to go through a tabling committee and debates normally impose a 1 minute time limit for speakers. Hell, I'm an ardent europhile and even I think it's politically moribund. One upside of this, though, is that I ever move back to Europe I'll consider running for a seat...I figure it ought to be relatively easy to get elected given the general public apathy that prevails around euro elections :) Is the accreditation for the first class retroactive then? Oh absolutely. And it's a welcome counterweight to the fringe right-wing parties (I'm looking at you BNP) and the various communists. Well, you're certainly making his point for him. Vaksel is wrong, but so are you. If you were renting you wouldn't have any equity to appreciate (in the form of title to your house and the difference between what you paid for it and the current market value) so it would never be in your pocket to begin with. If you make a sale, you've committed yourself to making the lie come true (or at least hiding it's lack of truth). Say goodbye to your development schedule and/or your tech support budget. Of course, hardcore sales people who don't mind lying will cheerfully say 'all's fair in love and war, and no battle plan survives first contact with the enemy!'. Lots of business people love war metaphors because competition justifies all sorts of things, and when someone asks whether customers are the bombed out civilians in this scenario they can say 'it's only a metaphor, don't take it so seriously!'. If it's a question about your product, don't, although it's OK to say 'were looking at it - and that's all I can tell you'. If it's a question about your company the answer is don't, but nor should be afraid to assert your privacy. If it's output rather than response to a question (eg a whiff of bullshit in your sales literature, I'd say avoid anything more specific than 'our product is the most awesome' that can't be justified. tl;dr it's ok to lie to competitors, but not to your customers. I'll bet. good article, and your product continues to look interesting. I'm browsing the SDK documentation and would like you congratulate you on its accessibility. (for context, he's talking about: http://www.pittpatt.com/ ) But nor would you get any benefit if the value of the property you were renting had appreciated, though obviously this is balanced out by not having a millstone around your neck when property values crash during a recession. Having both bought and rented, I don't think there is an unambiguous financial benefit either way. Renting gives you more temporal freedom (as in being able to just walk away and move to a better place or another country), a sensible buy can give you more financial freedom (as in a large chunk of collateral). FYI, doesn't work in Chrome (3.x). Good concept though. Indeedy,and I believe some are available. However the bike in question is only $900, which is really quite competitive. If you don't mind looking French, they also make a scooter-format velo (like a small scooter but with pedals, which is even cheaper). http://www.pacificebike.com/bk1.html True. Too bad about the tabloid-style typography and literary style, which does serve a purpose of highlighting the takeaways but also gives it an air of sensationalism. True enough. I'm using the Dev track version which has some hiccups. Want home delivery of the print paper? That’s $145 a year. Want home delivery and online access? That’s $245. And if you want just online access — to an electronic edition that duplicates the appearance of the print product — it’s a whopping $345. So it costs me $100 more p/a to not get the dead trees delivered to my door 6 times a week? I read the article three times to make sure I wasn't the one smoking crack. Seems like a rather suicidal market strategy. So you invite people to pay 2x to fly with FlySafe (perhaps an existing airline with n outstanding safety record that rebrands itself), milk the resulting controversy to sell tickets for a while, only to later have every untoward incident, no matter how trivial, spun into a damning indictment of your business philosophy? No thanks. Furthermore, the first time such a company did have a fatal or obviously dangerous incident, they'd go insolvent immediately. I see the point you're trying to make but it's simply impractical in a mass market like commodity air travel. Uber-expensive executive flying, perhaps. Now I'm confused. I am on the same build (3.0.183.1) and no bookmarklets are working for me at all, despite multiple reboots and upgrade checks. I'll post if I find a cause, but please disregard my original (edit timer expired already). I assume so, but I really wonder how they expect to sell this to their customers (apart from a few emigres with intense ties to their place of origin). That their online subscriber visits have dropped by 66% even before the paywall goes live isn't encouraging. Unfortunately, I find that all too credible. Shenanigans or not, it's easier than ever to start a career in showbiz these days. In passing, while playing with Google Trends, there seems to be a long term inverse correlation between media coverage and search volume for terms such as 'study' and 'research', as well as for the term 'statistics'. http://www.google.com/trends?q=statistics,+study,+research&#... The annual cycle seems to correlate strongly with college schedules :) And until that pilot landed in the Hudson, I'm betting you never thought too much about birds getting sucked into jet engines (I certainly didn't). Perhaps the conclusion from this is that there isn't really much utility in your being aware of it, since you're not a pilot. That is to say, the knowledge is of little benefit to you as a consumer because the weight of this particular factor in the overall safety of air travel is not that big. Like say you design software for something critical like medical devices, and one of these fails and somebody famous dies or a bunch of people die in different places. Suddenly everyone is talking about unit testing and software verification as it pertains to your field, someone with a talent marketing starts up safercoding.com and so on. I'm not sure the stock of human knowledge has really gone up. Back in the 1970s little motorized scooters with pedals (or little pedal scooters with motors, depending on your point of view) were popular in France. They may well have been popular elsewhere in Europe too, but stuck in my memory ever since because I never saw one until I went on a trip to France. They weren't popular in the British Isles. At first I thought it was just another of those 'ask the intarwebs!' sites where people just twitter or post to each other, but on further inspection I was very taken with the scoring system and the ability to rate the poster's good and bad reasons. It looks like quite a bit more work to create the question than is usually the case, which might be a disincentive for some - although it will also help them to focus on the issue at hand. The layout is a little confusing at first and god only knows why you made the search box background color to dark grey against a black background - I found myself wondering why there was a search button with no search box until I looked more closely. I think you could use a one line explanation like 'Our members help you rate and discover your options' on the landing page, because it took me a couple of minutes to realize that the stars and ratings were functional rather than mere window-dressing. your 'about' page does this very well, why not use the top two elements from that (title and icons)? It also wasn't obvious to me that the 'good/bad because...boxes were text fields at first. Stick a flashing cursor in them or something, because they look like headers. For a site with so few questions and needing a network effect to take off, I'm already impressed and think you're onto a winner here. I would even suggest spinning off a 'pro' version aimed at business or other markets so that professional users who could really gain from this won't have to encounter questions of the 'how does I shot web' variety. Also, find some way to embed it besides the x-posting to twitter, FB and LI. And why aren't you posting 'How can we make CrowdMind better?' as one of your featured questions, you silly-billies!? Overall, excellent: simple but not shallow. No, it's not just you. Mrs Browl and I felt similar disappointment...as she said, he only had to get one wheel to move and then connect others. Which would still have been aesthetic rather than functional, but would have served the function of showing you it was alive. Perhaps in version #4. No, that's shipping. Although somewhat sympathetic and agreeing that Google really ought to consider having a proper customer service policy (instead of just making PhD types do some as part of their training), I think the Mr Greenspan is a fool for rushing into print before receiving and cashing the check. Indeed, I find myself wondering if a similar degree of over-confidence is the root cause of his other negative experiences. His HuffPo articles seem united by a certain 'screwed again' theme. You would think a graduate of Harvard with extensive experience of legal conflict would know that until the check clears or the date passes, an appeal is always a possibility. Well, one of the peculiarities of small claims court in CA (and maybe elsewhere, I don't really know) is that you aren't represented by a lawyer, which is why Google's representative was only a paralegal. Naturally, it's an imperfect system. However, I share your view that he should have asked for a continuance, and that he could always have talked to a lawyer for general advice before going into a court. By that logic, google's decision to appeal the case has done him an enormous favor, giving him double the material. However, if you read carefully you'll see that google called him up to say they were going to send a check, and then he went into print with his story before they did so. If he had waited until the check cleared and then wrote 'how I sued google and won', he'd have the moral victory, the publicity and the money, because paying out money constitutes an acceptance of the court's judgement and abrogates the right to appeal. Although you raise some valid questions, a legal staffer's 'low blow' in a court is not commensurate with the policy of the company. Our adversarial court system unfortunately rewards such tactics, and it's not like there was a board meeting in Mountain View to establish the paralegal's courtroom decision tree. Correct, but if not appealing the decision following the publicity splash Greenspan made with his first article would have encouraged thousands more micro-suits, each of which costs Google time and money to respond to. Winning their appeal is likely to reduce the number of litigants to a trickle rather than a flood. Because they're expecting to get a goodie bag at the end of the presentation and are expressing their desire for it to contain a lot of expensive new stuff. Actually, this is one reason I prefer quiet sports like snooker. I prefer watching games of perfect opportunity and turn-based play to games of denied opportunity, and games based on positional advantage to speed of execution. It occurs to me that this creates an incentive for black hat hackery: you are my competitor, so I arrange (at arm's length) to artificially inflate your traffic, make you anathema to Google (perhaps by using gratuitous and obvious SEO aimed at your domain), and then exploit your declining revenue/search placement to improve my own market share. It's a bit late for that. http://cadie.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ His blog ( http://www.randsinrepose.com/ ) is just as good, which is to say very. No, it's cool - good article in fact, although I'm not sure I see a clear path to monetization in there. After all, one could do a facebook addon called 'you'd be perfect (for each other)' and let people play matchmaker for fun. On the dating-as-sales-generator, Mrs Browl keeps telling me to set up 'forgetfulguy.com' so you can put info about your significant other and it will remind you to buy flowers and so forth. Maybe she's trying to tell me something... Looks pretty good, seems fast and responsive (not bad considering I'm in the USA). The PDF idea is very good, I'd make the 'download catalog' a bit more prominent for customers. Dashboard tools and floating menus worked great. One thing I couldn't easily see how to do was change the skin of the page, ie the colors and fonts etc. The catalog edit looked good but the graphics widget didn't seem to do very much. Still, these felt like things that haven't been fully implemented yet, but if they're done to the same standard as everything else I'd say you'll find success with it. I found it extremely fast, intuitive and responsive, which is more than I can say for the site I manage at my job! Honestly, 4chan just reminds me of alt.* in Septembers. I'm not a regular visitor, but at least 4chan doesn't pretend to be anything other than the filthy underbelly of the net, and the community there has both a sense of humor about itself and genuinely likes kittehs...plus it has the merit of being funny if you're willing to accept the possibility of being offended. What's really depressing to me is going to visit the San Francisco Chronicle website, CNN or wherever, and seeing the comment space overrun by arrogant idiots who think they're superior to 4chan, or would if they knew about it. I would far rather be trapped in a lift with a bunch of /b/tards than the over-earnest moralists (of all political stripes) that attach themselves like limpets to the mainstream news and political sites. I've been thinking about this for a while. What it needs is shareable trust networks, so you can see ratings weighted by the votes of those who you particularly approve of or despise. Attempts at objective moderation just end up creating echo chambers and/or popularity contests. I have discovered a truly marvelous proof of this, which this thread is too small to contain...but I am making notes to write it up in some useful form. I have my doubts about whether the Mturk payments are going to attract moderators capable of handling more than the 'LOL I TROLLED U' comments, though. It seems like more of an anti-spam/swearing tool than anything likely to elevate the quality of discourse; that's useful enough in and of itself for quite a few sites though. I do think it's fairly pricey. 15k messages/mo ain't much on a busy site. Some political blogs rack that up in a couple of days, but I don't see them putting down several thousand a month for crowd moderation. buyitwhen.com I've had this idea that when you see things you don't want to pay new price for, you can look them up, enter the price you'd prefer to pay, and get a notification when a merchant hits that price point - best for technology and gadgets where the price tends to fall over a predictable curve. But I've been too lazy to build it out. I'm reconsidering after seeing the other day it gets 400 monthly uniques just for existing. It also has the merit of sounding vaguely naughty without actually being offensive :-) Alternatively, users will notice sooner or later that Vine is less about trusted reviews than 'Actual customer testimonials!!1!' and ignore or even avoid such products. Now maybe it's just me and the mass of people are gullible morons after all, but these kind of initiatives have a poor history on the internet compared to tabloids and TV. Or so I thought until I discovered the secret to making REAL money - and now I'm going to share it with YOU. When I used to work at PC magazine, (in London, ~1993-4) we never gave anything back unless it was a prototype or something. Just as well, considering the pittance we were paid :-) It's ali- I'm not a fan of Seth Godin either, and my first instinct was to comment that 'Godin linkbait must die'. But I do agree with his points, although as usual the analysis is shallow. Something that deserves more attention is the fact that the textbook industry in the US runs like a cartel (as alluded to above, with professors requiring a particular book for which they get free copies, and the proceeds from which help to pay their salaries). In Europe I preferred buying college textbooks to learn programming, because they were cheaper and better value than the commercial offerings, without the fancy graphic design covers and marketing outreach. True, but not referencing Google? I think a marketing 101 text probably needs to say something about the importance of having your website be discoverable in an internet search, or at the very least review how the commoditization of online advertising has led to a shift in the landscape. It's better to title self-sourced posts as 'Ask HN: help me hack...'. Also, perhaps you could explain briefly what your objectives are. Lots of luck! Well, that's just great, but in the meantime I'd settle for being able to use it without number portability. It's still not available to the general public. Indeed, in fact they'll probably install IE8, firefox, and something else, so the end result for the consumer won't be all that different. Although I'm basically pro-regulation (that is, I think governments should be able to act on behalf of consumers when they're being given a raw deal), the EU is going overboard with this. Microsoft is not such a terrible ogre and doesn't make it difficult for me to use alternatives to its own software. OK, so I'm a nerd and Joe or Jane Blow doesn't know that well why one browser is better than another or how they might benefit. But I don't see how that's Microsoft's fault, nor do I see how they've done ~$1.5 billion of damage to consumers. Is everyone in the EU $3 worse off because of IE? Really? I can think of a LOT of businesses that have done a lot more damage - to the environment, indirectly to people's health, and so forth - than Microsoft has. (long rumination on anti-trust regulation deleted, but) it rather disturbs me that the two biggest fines levied for supposed malfeasance have both been on computer corporations, who do more than most industries to democratize innovation and economic opportunity. I feel the EU is just demanding these big fines because the companies can pay, rather than because of real injury they have created. A typical American cellphone contract is far more economically punishing than the lost productivity due to having to install a non-IE browser by your own damn self. Well MS have said they won't bundle it, but apparently this isn't good enough for the EU, who want them to include competitors' browsers - although which ones? Can I sue if they don't include browlzilla? I wouldn't use IE if you paid me but I support Redmond on this one, they've done enough. Indeed. I'm subject to depression, and though this can and has led to negativity that later translates into negative outcomes, I've found it far better to accept my periods of gloom and just acknowledge the fact of my thinking patterns than to try to replace them with ones I don't buy into. It's not that the optimistic views are wrong, necessarily (or that I'm universally pessimistic), but some approaches just reek of bullshit. I'm all for the 'little engine that could' approach of giving yourself permission and encouragement to succeed. But quite a few of the modern motivation gurus seem to espouse a sociopathic level of self-regard that reminds me of religious fanaticism. Don't even get me started on the 'God wants you to be rich' people. I thought that at first too. Then it struck me that if every student has one there's not much incentive to steal. Cellphones were desirable objects for many thieves a few years back, but between location tracking and the sheer ubiquity of the things, a cellphone is no longer an obvious grab. So then you fall back to the location beacon in the device. you go to schoolbook.google.com/patio11 and there a worm trail of where it's been for the last 24-48 hours. Oh look, it is at Sidney's house. I've been on the beta test, but so far it looks like a solution in search of a problem. We think that you will love Hunch. It may not be awesome yet -- a lot of people have to contribute to it before it knows much of anything. But it will be awesome later. Love it anyway. Love it now. I'm just not that into it. A reasonable point, but whereas you can go out and buy a new computer or operating system tomorrow, you can't just wire your house up to a different telco. Infrastructure is complicated. If private enterprise were the easy answer people suggest, surely we'd all be enjoying ultra-high speed fiber broadband by now. I hope that as this technology becomes more widely available we're not trying to funnel it down to a single set of coordinates and one click. SO much fucking bullshit. The 1st amendment says that CONGRESS shall make no law limiting freedom of speech. Facebook isn't the congress, it's a private company; one which apparently thinks the revenue from a few neanderthal racists outweighs that which might be lost from people who take offense. Facebook can do what they want, just as PG can wipe my account for swearing on HN if he sees fit. They own their site, which now includes playing host to a bunch of Nazis, most of whom would be happy to see Mark Zuckerberg die because of his surname. I fucking hate September. GTFO my lawn. Looks good, but it's unclear from the website where they're located - would appear to be Greece? It may benefit them to make that clear, not least since it would affect the legal environment. render the full 720p image remotely Ah, there's the rub. It may be rendering a 720p canvas, but for all we know it's rendering a filthy blotchy version of it - much like streaming movies sounds great (and is good as far as it goes), but when you put the image next to a well-mastered DVD - never mind an actual HD system - the differences are painfully obvious. Similarly, if you've ever uploaded some pristine video, which you know very well, to YouTube and then looked at it a few hours later it looks pretty hideous at the normal quality, and only OK at the high quality. In both these demos the video looks fairly smooth and responsive, but all the same we're seeing OTOY as filmed on a screen by a camcorder and then further compressed by YouTube itself. I strongly suspect that an uncompressed (or non-lossy) capture from FRAPS of the actual video in the browser window will make the difference pretty stark. I would love to be wrong of course. The other thing I wonder is how this is going to scale and what they need at the server end (I sure can't see this being peer to peer). It does make a difference if the server side is running an nVidia Tesla (~$1500 and up) or some similar graphics powerhouse to do the almost real time compression. It's still impressive, I like the concept, and they sure took on a big challenge. But I'm not expecting Crysis on the iPhone anytime soon. On a side note, although gaming has the most obvious market and monetization potential, what I find exciting about Otoy are the possibilities for film and scientific visualization. I have investigated that old web page. Everything old is new again, eh? I was actually disappointed with the final design; it reminded me unpleasantly of the fake handwriting/signatures on direct mail (an advertising trope I particularly despise). But I'm grouchy that way. Well considering they're pretty much saturating the airwaves with commercials, it'd be pretty shocking if they weren't. Considering that most people neither know nor care what an algorithm is, I wasn't surprised. Ask made the classic mistake of talking more about possessing superior technology than the supposed benefit to users. Well there goes my lunch break. Day. Week. Godammit. This is really interesting. I've been trying to come up with something similar for use in forums but it's really aggravating as everyone insists on using a different format to store everything. I miss usenet :-( As a sideline observer (but one with a lot of exposure to hedge and VCs) I think it may also be good for the beneficiaries of the capital - 'start as you mean to go on', and all that. As you say, it's not like you're going to have to get some bureaucrat to approve your investment decisions. Most of them, but it's not the same - that usually lists top posts only. I'm interested in the thread structure of all the comments and such. It's doable, just a pain in the ass. Fully agree - a one liner at the top of the page saying 'you can help support this blog by buying from this link' or so takes only a moment and fully informs the visitor. I did think the list of books would be better described as 'how-to' rather than educational. There are some great choices (and I own a few of them) but educational suggests something a little more intellectual and less of the moment. Re: 'The Obsolete Employee' Very instructive, but also good perspective like how until the industrial revolution, there were no employees: everyone was freelance. Really! Who knew feudal Europe was such an entrepreneurial paradise :) A great list for the hardcore scientist or mathematician, but I'm not sure about the value of (say) Convex Optimization for a wider audience :) I find the Economist book reviews (or if you're pressed for time, their end-of-year roundup) a great balance of accessibility and intellectual depth. This is much, much better than the cliche title suggests. Definite improvement :) Didn't know Mr Stubblebine was here. Good job, sir. prohibited from using a computer I know, it sounds like something from 1987. I imagine that right now it's a condition of his bail rather than a sentence subject to appeal. 'The IT Crowd' spoofs threatening ads about file sharing. You wait until someone's aggressively shorting DavidSJ.com. By whom? Nirmal, who created the tool, but whose work could be easily copied? Google, who have no control over which feeds people choose to subscribe to? Me, for just installing it? Actually, I might well prefer just the first paragraph and/or the top 3 three comments - I don't know yet whether I want the full articles. However, I don't think it's as cut-and-dried as you say. These debates will continue until online publishers come up with a convenient and affordable micropayment system. I'm not opposed to advertising per se, but I am against visual the clutter it often entails. And sorry to HN designers, but the same applies to a lot of websites. Less is more. Obviously by Nirmal [...] Really? But Nirmal has no way of knowing what articles people will see fit to post to HN. How can he negotiate permission with all possible content providers, given that I may link tomorrow to a brand new blog created later today? I question whether he scan truly be said to be publishing, when it appears that the feed in question simply reformats without asserting any ownership over the content or monetizing it in any way, and involves no editorial selection on his part, something I consider a defining feature of publication. The San Francisco Chronicle made a similar announcement earlier this year, trying to turn it into a marketing hook with a new look too. Readers were unimpressed ( http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article/comments/view?f=/c/a/2... ) and as of last week they have been reverting to the old design for some sections. It doesn't help that the Chronicle has one of the worst websites I know, which makes it a chore to follow a story that was on the front page of the dead tree version. It's a bit late for that now. I don't see them recapturing their former (market) hotness any time soon. Although that's partially due to weak management, I think with the recession biting virtual worlds are too expensive an indulgence for many, not least in terms of time. I'm a little perplexed that you'd refer me to the dictionary definition rather than one from statute. This is the satutory definition of publication: Publication is the distribution of copies or phonorecords of a work to the public by sale or other transfer of ownership, or by rental, lease, or lending. The offering to distribute copies or phonorecords to a group of persons for purposes of further distribution, public performance, or public display constitutes publication. A public performance or display of a work does not of itself constitute publication. It was this definition I had in mind when questioning whether Nirmal's feed meets the legal threshold for publication. I'm not considering his work exempt under 'fair use' tests, but rather because Nirmal's involvement here is limited to disintermediating the gap between feed reader software and end content. The lack of monetarization by Nirmal has legal significance, as does the unavailability of the content in human-readable form on his website. Nothing. It's commentary on my part on the the possibility of ironic unforeseen outcomes. Sorry, I didn't realize this might be misleading. (post-edit: Original title was 'Bernie Madoff Financial Accounting? SF City College...') A glass of whiskey and a few pages of HP Lovecraft always does it for me. But the dream, the dreams... Seriously, a drink and a bit of light reading followed by 5-10 minutes of pillow talk works fine for me. I avoid the computer for at least a half hour before going to sleep: it's the routine of settling down for the evening that helps me sleep, rather than any individual components. The reading material is usually something I've read before rather than something new which I Must Complete. Yeah a big drink will do that. If I'm having a nightcap then it's just a thimbleful rather than a tumbler; I like fine whiskey, and it's sufficiently expensive that I restrict myself to little sips rather than full measures. Interesting idea. Actually, I don't want to know that on waking up unless it's really urgent. I'd rather read it, because I don't like noise in the morning. What I would like is an alarm clock with a graduated volume control, as opposed to the silence followed by loud noise that usually prevails, and which is guaranteed to put me in a pissy mood. Mrs Browl has a blackberry, which sounds so obnoxious out of the box I had to insist on changing the alarm sound. Party@Fujifilm though - their Velvia stock is regarded by many photographers as the Kodachrome killer. Ah, what I meant was one that starts quiet and gets gradually louder, as opposed to one that SUDDENLY GOES OFF AT FULL VOLUME. I do like the sleep.fm idea though. I make my own, though on occasion it's embarrassing to have sci-fi alien noises issuing from my pocket. I like it. Only negative for me was that it didn't seem to recognize my open ID (@gmail). But I did find it fast and intuitive. Too bad I'll never be able to sell my technophobic boss on it (who tends to sit at his desk and dictate micro-edits to marketing copy but also insists on receiving everything as email attachments). I have some textual suggestions, but I'll add them directly on your home page when I get to the office later :) On a more general level, perhaps you could aim the community version at the wiki-using market, which might speed your adoption. You're onto something here - and Google has already digitized many, many books. This has enormous potential value as a collaborative endeavor; Google might not object if they were made a party to it and the search conducted at a low intensity. Alternatively, some kind of peer-based comparison a la BOINC ought to be possible. It has value beyond simple plagiarism detection. Quite. It's like saying the Honda Civic is no good because the Terex Titan (world's largest truck) is so much more powerful. Mind you, I have heard exactly that argument from protectionist zealots. Much more expensive? I've used MetroPCS for years and I just pay a flat $50/mo., which gives me unlimited national calling, texting, voicemail etc. If I had a blackberry I think the data plan is about $75/mo. I might possibly do better on some other carrier's plans, but the convenience fact or having a flat fee and not having to keep track of minutes is worth a few bucks to me. As indeed he has (see last comment on OP link). James Cameron has earned the right to take as long as he wants on his projects; he has one of the highest signal to noise ratios in Hollywood. To play Devils' advoate (although I think this is an excellent essay) I think the point of the toaster project was to question the amount of effort that goes into producing cheap toasters, which are of relatively narrow utility. There's a lot you can do with a pencil, as with any general purpose tool: the production of pencils (or keyboards, or CPUs) is an example of capitalism at its finest. A toaster, on the other hand, sacrifices flexibility for efficiency. It's faster and uses less energy than opening up your stove and making toast on the broiler (a Good Thing), but that's all you can do with it - toast bread products. If you want to have egg with your toast, it's no help at all (unlike your stove, which allows you to cook things in many different ways). If you follow the toaster approach, you end up with a kitchen full of one-purpose appliances which are individually excellent but ultimately cater to peoples' inability to cook. At some point it's worth asking the question of whether having multiple specialized appliances is really more efficient than having one or two that can be turned to many different ones. If you look in the kitchen of a diner or restaurant, there are relatively few fancy appliances but the cooks really know what they're doing. There's room for both approaches. Programming everything from scratch without libraries would be terribly wasteful. On the other hand, you probably wouldn't respect a programmer who relied solely on library functions and was unable to derive any algorithms of their own, no? tl;dr headline says it all, except for this: "Markets tend to buy on rumour and sell on facts," [Nasir Zubairi, a trading product developer] said. This deserves widespread replication. It isn't. But there's more to life than hacking, and I spent just as much time trying to perfect my moonwalk one teenage summer as I did trying to get my programs to run. As if "global industry" exists only to create "toasters [etc.]". You mistake me. As with things like CPUs, stoves are fantastic general purpose tools for preparing food and worthy of industrial effort. Toasters do seem to pass that test as well, because most western households have a toaster or something similar. In that sense the market has spoken. But it is reasonable to ask how much bang for the buck (and also for the environmental buck) the toaster delivers compared to other food preparation tools. I suppose your view of the price:performance ratio is strongly correlated with your personal toast requirements. The thing about a film like Titanic (and most other films in the epic genre) is you know the ending: the boat sinks, almost everybody dies. 'Personal heroism overwhelmed by unfortunate circumstances' is a pathetic narrative, in the most literal sense of the word pathetic: pathos is a literary device of reflecting a characters problems in their environment, eg it starts raining to show someone is sad. Normally this is terminally cheesy, but when its set in the context of a real event it's rather different. Films like this are not meant to leave you feeling satisfied. You're welcome to email me if you want to vent on what you disliked about it. I work in film/TV so I'm quite interested in people's point of view. What problem was Seesmic purporting to solve that justin.tv, stickam, and various others weren't? My, it does go on a bit, eh? This sort of thing makes me wish the patent office could charge extra for unreasonable workload. Agreed. I look forward to a future paper on the personality characteristics of academic psychologists, although I suspect I might have to wait a while for that one. Be warned, doesn't like 64-bit Win7; tacket capture driver doesn't work. Nevertheless, looks sufficiently awesome that I'm going to dust off an older machine just to play with it. How many more threads on this nebulous question?! http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=661030 http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=679886 ...and several other related threads. Here is the answer: Yes, if enough people adopt it sufficiently fast. But they probably won't. The end. Here is the meta answer: if sufficient articles are written on the subject, recession-weary programmers will learn the new thing to gain an edge because they're worried about developing for a dying platform, and the more innovation will take place on the new platform than the old. In that regard, the recession is good for HTML5 because it raises the economic stakes for developers. Clicking: The Repetitive Task of the Cyber Age There is a good point in this paragraph: in an attention/information economy, the act of selection has both a primary and secondary economic value. The primary economic value is satisfying the consumer's desire for information, the secondary is satisfying the information-providers desire for information about the consumer. Although the secondary economic value of a single click is almost infinitesimal, the number of collectors is relatively small. There's more to death than just getting old, and expecting to buy one's way out of it with technology is a bit over-optimistic. You don't have to accept it passively, but nor is it fundamentally awful. One might question, for example, the overall value of medical enhancements which lead to gerontocracy, and the subsequent economic and political disadvantage to the generation that comes along afterwards, a problem that the developed world is beginning to experience. It certainly requires a strong inner drive, but we don't always choose our drives. Some artists are wise and talented enough to also operate a business career, but the Van Goghs of this world don't always get to enjoy the fruits of their labors. Mind you, I know some rich people that are so money obsessed they don't enjoy the fruits of their labors either...I'm thinking of one guy who collects fast cars but can rarely tear himself away from the office in order to drive them. Doctorow is a professional writer. Is it too much to expect he write what he actually means? I'm envisioning a 22nd century Geraldo moment..."now, using this self-aware quantum computer we can finally, after many years, see inside the encrypted hard disks of Cory Doctorow, a mystery ever since a meteor fell on his lawyer's office during the reading of the will and destroyed the keys to his encrypted data! We're loading the files...it's a huge PDF! That was a popular 21st century file format, folks...let's read...hmmm....well, obviously this isn't as exciting as we had been led to believe...er...well, back to the studio!" Dyson seems to have a talent for engineering the (retrospectively) obvious. Every time I see the advert for that vacuum cleaner with the ball instead of wheels I feel like a complete idiot. His mild, avuncular gaze gently reproaches me for not solving the problem when I had so much free time available. This will still keep the professional conspiracy theorists in pizza and beer for at least a year. I suspect the documentary will play up the secrecy angle at the expense of the science :-/ Am I the only person that thinks their silly name didn't help? OK, lots of sites have silly names, but whereas Hulu had a big ad campaign to make sure you knew it was pronounced 'hooloo' rather than 'huhluh', Joost is just confusing. I assume the correct pronunciation is like 'juiced', which makes me wonder why they didn't buy it (juiced.com is just parked with generic ads). Maybe it's because I'm European, but whenever I see the name, I can't help reading it as 'Yoost' (this is how it would sound in Dutch, and the company is Dutch). If I were Latino, I might read it as 'Hoost'. It just doesn't feel comfortable...talking about it with a friend over the phone last year went like this:'-You spell it j o o s t. - Say what? -like boost with a j. -oh...that's stupid'. I realize this seems like a trivial complaint, but I think there's a fine line between a clever name that uses the momentary 'huh?' reaction to become memorable (eg google), and one that just creates confusion. Great article overall, and a cautionary tale of what can go wrong with the 'just do it' approach. Quite so, but those solutions are very expensive either in terms of up-front costs or labor to apply. This has a 'just works automagically' aspect that's going to make it very popular, enough that it might well show in camera firmware within a few years if it can be sufficiently optimized. Although this will be greatest interest to indie film and TV makers right now, selling to that market is a loss leader for most companies - the big bucks come from hobbyist consumers that want to shoot pictures or video but are happy to get an assist from the camera - hence the obsession with good autofocus on most camcorders, whereas pros are willing to pay a lot more for manual control of the focus plane. This is instant Win for whoever implements it first - it'll make consumers feel like pros, and it will save pros LOTS of money. It's quite reasonable to assume that with further engineering and sufficient computer power, many of those distortions will be ironed out. The cost of digital post-processing is in constant decline, whereas the cost of shooting with a steadicam/ dolly/ crane on set is more or less constant. All of these require expensive, bulky, and highly visible equipment for one thing; for another, any time you take the camera off a tripod the cost goes up because moving the camera adds 3 new vector variables to the shot calculus, requiring more takes for a good result. I see this being an instant hit with low-budget shooters who are prepared to lavish time on getting it right and are more concerned with energy than perfect fidelity. Later there will probably be rough-quality realtime preview on set followed by near-perfect post rendering. The writer only mention's Adobe's involvement in passing. Personally, I think it's a lot better than Final Cut's motion smoothing filter (although the latter has the advantage of being available now). Bad news for Apple. It's a subjective impression, but I feel that FCP is steadily losing ground to adobe in this market. tl;dr it's not what your neon sign says, it's the fact that you have a neon sign. Good article, but in the case of Understanding Media it is very much worth the time and effort to read the original. I cannot praise it highly enough. Eh, I agree with all the problems people have pointed out...but it still kicks ass. I can't properly articulate what it is, but it's the same thing I liked about Google 10 years ago. It knows what I want . I love the interface, in fact, it's superb. I will use this every day, and I am very hard to move on search. Faults: search text too big, looks fisher price. Does not respond dynamically to my selection, should refine further. Still, awesome. Don't agree. Oh well, each to his own. I strongly agree. There's a license fee in Ireland too (where I'm from) and they do the same thing, one sentence news feeds. If you're getting funded by mandatory public contributions, then you don't really own your content, the public does. I don't care if the BBC's management wants to drive people to their website. In fact, I don't care about the wants of the BBC management at all. Besides, the textual news content even on the website is pretty shallow. People will still visit the website to get more information by watching a video. That's quite true. I like the idea (since I'm in film myself and I hate begging people for money), but yes, it does seem like something the SEC would disapprove of, which is why most internet film fundraising requests non-refundable donations in exchange for collector's editions and stuff like that. Edit: well I guess their lawyers are sure of what they're at. I hope they write about or open source their process, as I'd far rather raiser cash in micro-amounts based on the strength of the script etc. than sit in investor meetings. Why would be the price be higher when the supply is abundant? I'd have thought it would be a lot harder to find an Elvis ticket 32 years later. And looking on eBay, Elvis tickets are worth quite a bit more than suggested - several hundred dollars, competitive with MJ tickets (I compared completed listings). One factor in favor of Jackson tickets is that the generation that cared most for Elvis is that much older and probably doesn't use eBay as much. Hrmm. Many essays extolling the virtues of grit (see 'current issue), but how are they measuring it? Why do people have grit in some situations and not others? Do people with especially low self-esteem have more or less grit? There's a lot of hand-waving going on. The most useful article of the bunch seems to be this one, focusing on how to develop and extend one's persistent side: http://www.incharacter.org/article.php?article=151 It's not that simple. Yes, counterfeiters are being crooked, but they can not simply compete on merit because they don't have a branding and advertising machine available to them. I'm not talking about the existing brand strength Apple has a result of their past efforts, but about the resources available with which to launch a product, which can eclipse the development costs. I would buy a phone from Obscuro Corp if the price was right and the physical quality felt good, I'm willing to take a risk on a new market entrant if it won't cost too much. But Obscuro Corp doesn't have the resources to tell me about their smartphone, get equal display space in retailers etc, so it's easier to surf on an existing brand instead. I have a friend that used to sell handbags, both knockoffs and original designs (usually from the same manufacturer). The quality of the knockoffs was very very good, as was the quality of the originals, and of course the price for the latter was much lower. But his customers almost exclusively wanted the knockoffs - and although it went unspoken, they knew perfectly well that they weren't real Louis Vuitton or Coach handbags. People are generally not that stupid as to think you can get a real Rolex or LV purse for $50 from some guy on the street. In cases like this, the desire to make a powerful social statement by carrying something which is superficially indistinguishable from the expensive brand is more important to the buyer than the actual value. Some buyers are victims of deception, to be sure. But a great many would rather pay $200 for a low-functioning fake iPhone than $150 for the exact same device minus the branding (even if it's good value at that price). So if you have the equipment, skills and capital to make a 'miPhone' but nobody is interested because you're a nonentity, what other options do you have? I'm not endorsing the practice, but I do think it's an inevitable response to the power of the branding industry. This kind of thing happens in nature all the time, look at the angler fish. I explicitly said that such copying is crooked and I don't endorse it. I wrote to analyze, not advocate. I would rethink your remark about 'a stupid fashion statement'. I am not into fashion, but it has considerable utility. People make displays of wealth to attract a desirable mate and also to increase their social status. In many environments, dressing well and carrying the 'right' accessory conveys an impression of success which may be key to getting a promotion or closing a deal. Superficial it may be, but it works. In this context, the features of the iPhone are no more than distracting toys. All that matters is the display, which can be effected by having a secretary or colleague call you in the middle of a meeting so you can pull out your expensive looking phone and say you're too important to talk right now. And yes, people do things like that. It's the exact same reason there are so many ads for teeth whiteners. They don't help you chew better, they help you look better and therefore better off. So why is Jeff Atwood using Windows instead of Linux to run his database server? Not complaining, but presumably it delivers something that the open-source alternative doesn't. Olympic sprinters wouldn't qualify, even though being competitive at that level requires extreme dedication. But you make a good point; I suppose it's one reason many employers look favorably on resumes which include sporting hobbies. This is only true if you are the owner of or have a deal with the distribution pipeline ahead of production. The indie route, flawed as it is, is to produce the film (as in, end up with an answer print or digital master in a industry-standard format), take it to festivals and film markets, and sell it to distributor. The distributor will put up the money for P&A, and keep the lion's share of receipts. Many indie producers lack a proper distribution strategy or fail to budget properly for post, mastering, or marketing - which can mean marketing to distributors as well as the general public. but if you have a good post crew and you have budgeted for your deliverables, then $25k of the $250 for marketing may be enough to get it sold, assuming a great script and the approval of the film gods. Of course, the likelihood of the investors making any actual profit on such a deal is very small, since the makers have now exposed their production budget and the distributor thus has no incentive to pay more than that unless the film is awesome and a bidding war ensues (you might as well buy a lottery ticket as count on that, of course). Equally, it's very unlikely they'll be able to negotiate a percentage of gross and it will be a long time before they see any net. On the upside, the marketing method is already generating buzz for the film at almost no cost, simply by virtue of us discussing it. You can make a film for very little and go straight to DVD. DVD is where the real money is: the theatrical run is unprofitable for a great many films, but it validates the film as a Real Movie in the eyes of the public, and there's a very good chance people will rent a film later even if they're too lazy/cheap to go watch it in the theater. Without a theatrical release or prominent festival entry it's much harder, but not impossible, to make money by releasing on DVD. A $250k film can break even after 3-5 years if it's of middling quality; the distributor may pay $75k up front and then royalties. If you have the required craziness to make a sub-$50k film that isn't irredeemably crap, they'll probably buy it outright - and as a producer or director, it's better to have something out there with your name on it, even if it is mediocre. It's a lot easier to get money for the second film, when you can truthfully say 'my debut film, derivative horror flick , is distributed by Lion's Gate'. All true, but you can make those rules work for you. First, genre expectations are different. Generally you need a famous name attached to sell a movie, and you can't get one. But horror fans don't care much about actors. (Neither do sci-fi fans, but sci-fi is exponentially harder to pull off). And fortunately, horror fans like bargain-bin, formulaic movies. There are plenty of horror and no-budget festivals, so if your film is not total crap then you have a good chance in being selected for one. That'll help you get more money from the distributor, but if you don't succeed it's not too much of a loss. The union doesn't matter too much. The lower your production budget, the less likely they are to bother you. SAG (actors) has a very cool deal for no-budget films that lets the actors work for free or minimum wage. Writer's guild just does not care below 6 figures. Ditto for the crew and camera unions. Of course the less you have to spend the less you can get in the way of experienced people, but if you have a few enthusiastic key people who are willing to shepherd some enthusiastic amateurs, you'll be fine. RED One is an amazing camera, but I wouldn't use it for this kind of project. It's still pricey, and says that you have money but you're not willing to spend it on the crew. For the dirt-poor filmmaker, what you want is a Panasonic HVX or similar that shoots 24/5P and which can put out or be converted to something that looks fairly decent at 720p. And a friendly producer. If you turn in a film that does not completely suck for under $50,000, you can probably sell it for enough to get your production costs back. I looked at the agreement and the law firm. They have no background in entertainment law and it shows. I hate to be the bad guy and am not a lawyer but even I can see it's a ticking time bomb. I don't know about securities, but I do know a fair bit about entertainment contracts. In the event that any of the principals is reading this, read clause J again. That is the least of the things wrong with it. (Can't edit any more) after taking a bit more time to look through their offering, I retract my statement about the lawyers. Legally speaking, it's radioactive. The upside is that the sums solicited are so small it's probably not worth suing over. It doesn't have anything to do with how long it takes - you wash the dishes for as long as it takes for them to be clean. When they're done, they're done. What he's talking about (and I first experienced this while washing dishes, strangely enough) is the startlingly different mental state that develops when you stop thinking. Stop thinking about whether the dishes are clean enough or not, you can see that. Stop thinking about whether it's fun or what you could you would rather be doing, which is only going to distract you from what you're tying to do now. Washing the dishes requires paying attention but not much in the way of cogitation. Instead of splitting yourself in two, just give the mental chatter a rest and look at what you are doing. Very true, but then much of the marketing and entrepreneurial fluff that gets posted here is neither news, hacking, or especially useful from a business standpoint. A few people treat HN as their personal viral marketing vector.