The specification for this standard, along with the fields, lengths and meanings are in this document: http://www.iata.org/whatwedo/stb/Documents/Resolution792_Jun... Also W/m^2 Really? Mini-hell? He posted a request for the author to take it down, the author agreed in the very first reply to this request, and as far as I can see, it was acted upon in less than 12 hours. The flap that followed was a disagreement about the style of Zed's request. A semantic argument, which is pretty far from an ongoing personal torment. I'm not defending Martin, by any stretch. I'll agree with your assessment there. On the other hand, I don't think Zed should be particularly surprised by his reaction. Nor do I think he's ignorant to its cause. I've had power transfer switches fail more than once. Just because you have a redundancy available doesn't mean you are reducing failure points in the system. "Maybe some people had pointed out the problem and the fix before.." How modest. Or, run egress traffic shaping. Put a hard limit on the upload rate from your PC to your device, put this at about 98% of your actual "line rate." Problem solved? You do the egress shaping at the router, not on each individual machine. And you shape the entire interface, not individual traffic flows. As far as jitter in the outgoing rate, that's what the buffer is there for. What shaping helps you avoid is: a) filling the buffer and those side-effects and b) prematurely filling the buffer at a high rate while the rest runs at a low rate. I've been doing this in my home networks for years, and this is exactly what egress shaping does for me. The local router drops packets, the internal clients back off. The reason he had those problems, I'm guessing, is that he never setup traffic classing filters. Generally, I've never run _just_ TBF/HTB + SFQ. I've always run them hierarchically, HTB on the top interface, then several HTBs feeding into that one. Each of the lower HTB queues has a different amount of "flow" allowed to it. Once you approach it this way, it all works rather nicely. As the multiple queues allow you to spread bandwidth, but also priority into the higher level queue. I can run telnet/ssh sessions during a torrent swarm with no issues. In my experience, they're available as soon as WBEZ finishes airing them for the first time. They don't have battery backups? The rate card can change as often as the ratings are released. From an "old media" perspective, pricing is pretty volatile. I'm not entirely sure what you're trying to accomplish, but the USPS TIGER database can (sometimes) be useful in this area: http://zip4.usps.com/ncsc/addressmgmt/tiger.htm It depends.. if they're issuing /64's, they're actually issuing networks, not host addresses anymore. I'd rather not have my entire network be renumbered every 6 hours when my DHCP updates. Precisely.. I'd also like to know under what circumstances this would actually be used, and be a useful safety feature to have implemented. At the very least, there should be a significant warning in the cockpit when "dual input" mode is active. That is an incredibly dangerous "feature." What? The attackers had an easier time because hijackings didn't usually involve flying into a building / killing everyone on board. Prior to 9/11 most hijackings were about taking hostages, flying to a friendly country, then awaiting your ransom. As a passenger, your job was just to sit tight, don't do anything stupid, and wait for the resolution. The hijackers didn't have to socially engineer anything, they just relied on the assumptions of the time. After 9/11, passengers got more aggressive. The shoe bomber and the underwear bomber were shut down and restrained by alert passengers. I would typically agree with you; but the thing that I have really enjoyed in the transition to iproute2 is that ip handles all of: link state, address configuration, arp, tunnels, routing, transformation and a few other obscure things. It brings these together into one tool and unifies the argument syntax for all of them, I find it much easier to play with the network stack using 'ip'. If it's about violations, or money, I can't strictly tell; it's one of those things that depends on who you talk to: http://lwn.net/Articles/475901/ That they use the money for "good things" is great; however, if you're trying to get greater compliance then perhaps this approach is flawed. If they're placing too high a monetary value on non-compliance with the license, then you could easily see why these companies would push back and seek these types of alternatives; or flat out deny the use of (L)GPL software in their products entirely. In the end, this is probably the opposite of what the SFC intended and may result in the loss of their greatest legal tool. I think the problem is that you honestly believe that he was genuinely telling people that they should die. It's an expression, and not terribly uncommon, either. Leadership doesn't require politeness. Fairness is probably what you really want. Sorry to be snarky; but, compare $0 (Audacity) to $225 (reaper), $500 (cubase), $600 (vegas), $130 (Propellerheads). Not an uncommon story, I suspect.. but, Roger? You can.. at least I do with UPS all the time. It's called "hold for pickup." You put your name and phone number on the package, but use the address of the UPS shipping facility itself. When the box arrives there, they give me a call, let me know it's waiting, and that I have 5 days to come pick it up. Yea.. I do have to drive to pick it up, but at least I'm not at the mercy of the driver's schedule. Once it's there, I can get it when it's convenient for me. I see his argument.. but why not just partner with ISPs? If HBO doesn't want my $8 directly, then why not let AT&T (or whoever) charge me an extra $8/mo along with my DSL (or whatever) bill and get HBOGO? It would be nearly identical to their current model, but with different types of subscriber organizations distributing their content for them. I'll wait and see how Netflix does on producing original content; HBO seems really good at it. Over the years they've shot some amazing shows and the product speaks for itself. Even though I am a current Netflix subscriber I would still easily add HBOGO to my monthly bills for premium access to their content. Also.. their largest carriers also serve a lot of cable internet, for most it wouldn't be adding a competition so much as adding another way to get at subscribers money. I'm not so sure they would be in a huge rush to drop them. I wonder if it be possible to utilize something like the http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interplanetary_Transport_Networ... to get to the edge of the solar system with low energy requirements, and then burn the engines when you're out near Neptune? Maybe I'm missing something, but why would you patch SSH instead of just using something like pam_mysql and nscd? Why should the browser be required to deal with this? They used javascript to build up a giant page, why don't they use the same facilities to cull the parts of the page that have already scrolled off the top of the screen? Everyone wants rich apps in the browser, but no one wants to pay the price of it. So.. does that mean that we committed "acts of war" without any congressional approval when we unleashed Flame and Stuxnet on our "enemies?" It wasn't even clear this was a slide deck until I looked at the URL. RFC6296 (NPTv6) makes a reasonable case for address independence and points out some issues with PI. http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6296#section-1.1 I'm not anywhere near the firewall team, but my company seems to struggle with blocking these services quite a bit. In particular, google drive is very hard to block: they use HTTPS and they don't have a fixed set of addresses that the service is delivered from. Their solution? Add a GPO to all our windows machines to force a '127.0.0.1 drive.google.com' entry into all the HOSTS files on our network. Moving away from proprietary standards, to open ones, is a declaration of war? Wow. Could it be that Google is tired of paying to license a technology that has free alternatives? Especially considering that they will keep the proprietary option for its paying customers; this seems very likely. That's what this seems to be, I've even noticed that the first ring may even sound a bit different from subsequent rings. I think the first layer ring is the actual call setup being attempted across the cellular network. Once the receiving phone is located and receives the signal that a call is incoming, you begin to hear the second layer ring. The dial tone actually ends after the first digit is dialed. However, this is a significant digit, especially for older equipment. If you pressed 0, you would get the operator immediately. No phone numbers could begin with zero. If you pressed 1, you would be connected to a long distance trunk and an area code would then be expected. No local prefixes could begin with 1. If you pressed any other number it was a local call. Also, on analog networks, maximum modem speed was 56kbps. 64k was the theoretical maximum, but the FCC placed limits on the amount of power you could have in certain frequency bands on the line -- hence 56k was the maximum speed. On a purely digital network, like ISDN, you could receive 64kbps on each channel. No, she used the distortion to decode the specific subcarrier that holds the RDS information. This had nothing to do with the decryption, as the data decoded at this step would include regular RDS/RDBS data along with the _encrypted_ TMS data. The decryption is performed in a second step. The reason she had to do it this way is because most radios do not provide a convenient way to get at the subcarrier data. Only if the OCR couldn't process it, although the OCR has gotten a lot better so the "Remote Encoding Centers" see a lot less volume. You could always tell when your mail failed the OCR in the past because it would have a faint orange barcode printed on it -- this was used to track it through the human encoding system at the RECs. I wouldn't be that sure. The NSA made DES _more_ secure in the 1970s by influencing IBMs design of the S-Boxes, regular cryptography research didn't even discover this until 1992. This means that the NSA understood differential cryptanalysis 22 years before non-NSA researchers did. Their ability to brute force is meaningless if they have techniques to obviate it's necessity. This seems to take the long way around. I wonder why they didn't consider just using the firewall to control network traffic; unless you really need your applications to be completely unaware of IPv6, but so far, I've not experienced that problem. Also, requiring root privileges for launch is a bit of a burden in some use-case scenarios. EAS has so many weaknesses, I'd actually qualify this as the least worrisome. The way we deploy any computerized equipment that is a part of our air-chain includes firewalls and only allowing connections to the necessary servers for CAP type alerts. Every EAS receiver is typically monitoring other stations in the area for EAS relay. We actually have a tuner tuned to another station in the market and if we hear an EAS alert go across the air on their station we simply relay it. Due to the FM capture effect, it's _very_ easy to attack this channel; especially because there's _zero_ authentication on these incoming "relay" messages. Even worse, some types of messages are setup for "national relay." This system was tested recently to ensure that a message could be relayed like this from one end of the country to the other -- and yes, it can. So, if you construct the right type of message, you can have it broadcast over _every_ station in america. Except the mouse doesn't know exactly where it is on the screen, or how it's concept of CPI (counts per inch) relates to pixels on the screen. Mid-Range Estimates: Engine: 300 to 450 pounds Transmission: 120 to 140 pounds Gas Tank: 20 to 25 pounds Radiator: 20 to 30 pounds So, roughly 460 to 645 pounds. Add 110 pounds for 15 gallons of gas. The comparison is a little more difficult than this though, because the batteries just store energy. The Model S still has a (416hp) motor, there are a few other differences (regenerative vs standard brakes) and equivalencies (inverter vs alternator). A Chevy 383 can make about 400hp+ in about 620 pounds. If we choose all our numbers for comparable cars that are highly in favor of the Tesla, we're still only likely going to match the weight of the Tesla's battery pack alone. The Model S curb weight is 4,647 pounds. A Cadillac STS, which is 5" narrower but very nearly the same in every other dimension as the Model S is only 3,922 pounds. That leaves the Model S 725 pounds heavier, still quite a bit of difference. Fortunately, microcode updates are not persistent across boots. To do that it would require some type of persistent memory on the CPU itself. You could open the chip and look for memory of this type, it requires certain special features to operate, and they're somewhat easy to pick out of a chip shot. There's also an engineering reason to avoid doing this: persistent memory cells based on silicon have a limited number of write cycles. With current materials in the CMOS manufacturing process; to be a little nitpicky. Specifically, it was extended to 1522 bytes in 802.3ac. I think they're more concerned with their reputation and the perception of their internal practices and controls, and most importantly the value of their "technology." Just read the second and third sentence of Goldman's reply. Wasn't he doing this for the entire time he was employed at Goldman? They only checked _after_ he decided to leave? To #3: how many exploits do you think you can fit in 383kB? That being the amount of free memory in his BIOS dump. Even assuming that you could find unused space inside other modules then how many exploits could fit even in 4MB? To me it depends; a simple exploit, sure. The air-gapped ip over bare audio seems like it would take a fair amount of processing on its own, unless the system libraries provide signal analysis functions. Also, unless it can just decode raw bits and somehow shuffle them to the network layer of one of the existing adapters you're going to need quite a bit of code to handle that part of it as well. The less energy you use to lift the weight, the more time it takes to move that weight; if it takes you 10 times as long to generate the energy as it does to use it, then you're going to need massive generation capacity to get anything appreciable happening in a reasonable time frame. Gold is rare. Gold is used for things. You can argue about the _scale_ of the value, and whether or not current market conditions truly reflect the value of an ounce of gold, but that does not remove the fact that it is an actual resource, limited in availability and has practical uses in and of itself. Sure, but it still has no utility on it's own. Interesting point though, because it brings up a weakness of bitcoin in general; the same weakness that got us off the gold standard in the first place. It can also be viewed directly in the 'psql' shell with '\df'. According to the UPC it is a PSCBLU-025003, which is marketed as the Satellite C855-S5343. I don't see the UPC being associated with any other product. Entering this information into the warranty information page on Toshiba instead states it was purchased Feb 24th 2013, and the warranty expires on Feb 24, 2014. It's better than SysV init, but there are a dozen other init's out there, all with different properties. Not everyone cares about "linux on the desktop," and not everyone thinks that freedesktop.org is doing the best job as far as that goes either. I'm not trying to be snarky here; but systemd is hosted on freedesktop.org, is it not? That is its primary place of development as well, no? Admittedly, I've always associated systemd as a project as part of this nebulous "effort" to bring linux on the desktop forward. I also assumed that's why they went to the trouble to integrate systemd into dbus so heavily. I have read some of Lennart's essays -- but I generally strongly disagree with his conclusions, so I haven't been paying attention for a while. I think his solutions are over complicated and rely on too much impenetrable technology to actually save me any time. The arguments have been made elsewhere, so I won't go into it that deeply, but I think departure from the "unix way" is folly and will only make administration more difficult. As far as getting used to it goes; this is still unix. I can still install whatever initd I like after the fact. Which I do. Yes, this means I have to do more work than I would have to do if I relied on vendor packages, but we generally use custom packages for all our critical services anyways. Since we're going to have to deal with it whether or not we're using systemd, and we're already rolling out a non-standard initd to our distributions, we don't feel we have to make any investment in learning systemd. Well.. Lennart points this out, then walks right past it. The problem isn't the init, or the boot process, or any of that. The problem is the reliance on 'fstab'. This is where Lennart/Freedesktop kill me; rather than notice that the underlying mechanism should be replaced, they figure they should just build a better mousetrap on top of it. If you want to make linux more "desktopy" without screwing around too much with stupid initd decisions, then fix some of these broken underlying mechanisms. Unless he's really suggesting that my big problem is that my /usr partition might be on a removable device. daemontools has the best philosophy for this in my opinion: just start the service. If the prerequisites are unavailable, the service will just terminate. If that happens, wait one second, then try start again. It's perfect. No stupid 5 minute timeout like sysvinit, no stupid dependency management like systemd/upstart, very little to consider when adding new services. If you want to use it as your init.. just look into 'runit-init'. I've been using this for 4+ years, and it's fantastic. It's a design that's iterated over many decades, and it hasn't always been easy for them; the payment network is huge. Plus, if you think security is bad now, remember that before this we were writing checks for most transactions. At least with credit cards I can discover fraud usually the same day it occurs, and they are far more convenient that checks ever were -- as someone who has used both, I'm not all that bothered by the current state of the system. NAT64? It's still an absolute mess. From http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NAT64 : "Not everything is accessible with NAT64, such as SIP, Skype, MSN, and sites with IPv4 literals.[a] However, 464XLAT RFC 6877,[3] which uses NAT64, allows for such protocols over ipv6 only connections." Some people make the following distinction: when pronounced as a word, it's an acronym. If it's not, then it's an initialism. Offer free copies yourself. Degrade the quality, embed advertising and maintain a solid back catalog. That kid? No, the enemy is the people who hired him, gave him no oversight, had no auditing or controls on internal information and encouraged him to continually exceed his authority. Include the team of shameless government managers, many who swore an oath to uphold and defend the constitution, turning this operation and all these databases over to a third party and these kids. The fact that this was released to the "Computer History Museum" was apparently missed or not understood by the majority of the audience. I've brought up the S-Box strengthening several times before, but it's important to note that the NSA pushed IBM to reduce the key length in DES. IBM wanted 64 bits, NSA wanted 48, and we all got 56 as a compromise; not entirely egalitarian work. These people are also isolated from the internal agency narrative, I imagine that can help quite a bit. They're fucking around well beyond PID 1. Default binary log formats. This odd binary messaging bus with god awful reverse domain names, a shifting binary protocol format that injects itself into the kernels standard text-based messaging formats. I find the whole dependency system completely bizarre, because to truly implement it, you have to hook into _everything_ and make it part of this odd binary mess they've created above. I really don't understand the route they are taking, I see the system becoming less capable and more fragile with this type of engineering being encouraged. ISO 9660 is 2352 bytes, actually. The logical size is 2048 bytes, but the other bytes are needed for error correction and other headers. If they're all recording sound, then an automatic alignment using "impulse" audio incidents might be able to work. Just a more advanced version of the "clapperboard" technique from early cinema. That is, if the cameras even have that much jitter or drift at the recording framerate used. Well.. if it hadn't been for the cock-sucking bubble in the 90s, they might be alright today. For commodity resistors, sure. There are high-performance resistors though, and they are usually packaged with a manufacturers mark (e.g. some of Vishay's line). Also, the resistance of the resistor is only part of what I care about when I specify the part. Temperature co-efficient and the technology behind the manufacture can matter quite a bit -- and those are harder to test. On some platforms, malloc(3) and free(3) are implemented in terms of mmap(2) and munmap(2). Which means, if you go beyond your buffer space, you'll end up in an unmapped page and cause a SIGSEGV or end up in NULL data. Since they used the freelist/malloc wrappers, they avoided this trap. Plus, IMO, if you're implementing a freelist, you're implementing 80% of what a malloc is anyways. It's _mostly_ freelist handling, the only way to add memory to a process aside from mmap(2) is setbrk(2). There's no way to give memory back, so they only thing left for a malloc implementation to do is create a freelist to reissue memory previously freed. You can say you're still backed by malloc(3) if you want, but you're only getting the setbrk(2) handling and throwing away everything else it's trying to provide you. What I was trying to convey is that if you say "I'll just implement a better freelist" you're really just fooling yourself. What you are doing is re-implementing most of malloc on top of malloc, poorly. If would have been better if they had gone whole-hog with a malloc library and built it from the ground up for their specific purposes instead of half-assed "freelist speedhacks." The 8080 had a 16bit address bus, though; which is what I always assumed was meant by referring to a machine by it's "bit count." I believe you would use it to determine a random outgoing port to use to contact the DNS server; this prevents spoofing. However, the port space is only 16-bits, so how you map the outputs of the MT into that space would have the biggest impact -- but you're right that's it's probably best to avoid it entirely. It depends largely on the type of blast, an air blast, which is the most destructive to property and buildings is the least contaminating in it's effects; e.g. Hiroshima and Nagasaki. However, if you let the bomb detonate very close the surface, you get less destruction in terms of the blast, but you get insanely high radiation levels for a long time afterwards. Analogous to Chernobyl. It's a little scary, but this particular attack is only viable against AES-128, and to a lesser extent AES-192. Using the full number of rounds in AES-256 makes cache timing attacks much less likely to succeed. For right now, it does not matter. Their goal is to fix the project from a security point of view, and it would be impossible if they tied their hands with that during the course of development. In the future, you can expect the same deal as OpenSSH, OpenNTPD and all the other OpenBSD software that _eventually_ gets ported to other architectures when it reaches a point of stability and safety that it makes sense to do so. Not right away, it will just be slightly less accurate. Ignoring all other sources of errors, for extremely high precision work you still might want to correct for the relativistic difference in time between the satellite and the surface; but in a post-apocalypse setting, I don't think you'll mind the small drifts. There's still plenty of other maintenance, like delta-v maneuvers that need to get done or the system will eventually fail. Likely within a year. It was sequential but bank-addressed. The AGC had it's own assembly language[1] and was a pretty recognizable general purpose computer[2] for it's time. 1: http://authors.library.caltech.edu/5456/1/hrst.mit.edu/hrs/a... 2: http://authors.library.caltech.edu/5456/1/hrst.mit.edu/hrs/a... There are other benefits. It's a federal crime to tamper with US Postal mail or private mailboxes. It's also a federal crime to commit fraud by using the USPS. It's somewhat like fax, there are differential legal protections in place that make it a preferred service for certain scenarios. Well, he built his empire on Emitter Coupled Logic. He didn't have the limitations of CMOS to deal with and so parallelism wasn't as necessary for continued computational power. The jury made a number of findings in the case, one of which was that the warning on the cup wasn't large enough nor sufficient enough to convey the dangers of the temperature of coffee that they serve. I'm sure they also took into consideration that Stella Liebeck originally asked for $20,000 for damages and had tried to negotiate several times before the case went to trial; she clearly went to some length to avoid this. What warning difference? It's hard to find any definitive answers, but the case happened in 1992. Based upon my own recollections, this was the time where every fast-food chain started putting warnings on everything. McDonald's even added warnings to their hot apple pies and other "served hot" foods. Would Liebeck have acted differently? That's not the objective of the jury in this case, especially considering that McDonald's conceded that their warnings were likely inadequate. To the extent that it is relevant, the jury did find Stella Liebeck 20% at fault for the accident and so the damage award was adjusted accordingly. I don't know why, but I felt compelled to make it spin. http://jsfiddle.net/X53Ju/7/ I've switched to 'most' instead. You can use to scroll left and right in the document. From http://www.axionpower.com/Technology : "Our test protocol requires a complete charge-discharge cycle every 7 hours to a 100% depth of discharge. During testing, our laboratory prototypes have withstood more than 2,500 cycles before failure. In comparison, most lead-acid batteries designed for deep discharge applications can only survive 400 to 600 cycles under these operating conditions." The interesting part about their batteries isn't the lifespan, it's the lifespan under 100% depth of discharge. You can easily get around 2k cycles out of a flooded cell lead-acid battery, but you can only go down to 60% discharge and you must carefully monitor the battery chemistry to get prolonged lifespan. Along with it's high current capacity, this would make it an interesting battery for renewable energy storage more than anything else. It's too bad they don't have a solid datasheet for their product yet. I'd like to see their figures for internal resistance, self discharge and performance over typical operating temperature ranges. Until we get to see this data, it's hard to say if this will be a profitable product. Serious question: are you sure you'd actually be happier? I like efficiency as much as the next guy, but that doesn't mean that I'm looking forward to companies more efficiently marketing to me. Especially if it's going to be constant. It can go both ways. When I was researching for the next car I was going to buy, I started getting a _ton_ of car advertisements; however, most of them were useless. What their simple algorithm failed to notice is that I was looking at a very specific class of cars, and I spent more than 1 hour on several manufacturers websites doing research and had mostly narrowed in on my choice. The proper move would be to see that and advertise different dealerships to me, but I only got ads for other cars that I already decided I _didn't_ want. Also, I like to research, in general. Which means I can often come across and get deeply into some very odd subjects and it seems there are some odd correlations out there in society. For example, after doing a bunch of research on different world religions and their origin stories, I started getting ads for the Mormon church, and strangely, for all types of gambling websites, destinations and attractions. None of this advertising was of any use. Also, isn't that one of the yet unrealized capabilities of a drone? You can have a control unit embedded with the forward observer so they can directly control the drone. Depending on their design you could have them land at the nearest FOB or directly at the line and re-arm it as desired. It doesn't have to have weapons control, even. If it's limited to an "AI scout" role it could just loiter around, find potential targets and flag them for a human operator. If the targets are reviewed to be valuable enough you could take manual control and fly an assault mission. That's the inherent risk of using a third party to host "your account" on a proprietary system. I have sympathy for all these artists, I truly do, but what were they expecting? Well, that and the fact that they didn't pay for the item in the first place. Any arbitrage beyond that is just cream on top of the price of the item anyways. It's worth pointing out that those numbers are of _ideal_ RPM and ideal power draw, real world results will vary significantly. Not quite. The current IPv6 global unicast table is a bit of a poorly planned mess. http://www.iana.org/assignments/ipv6-unicast-address-assignm... In 2006 they also gave ARIN a /23 and APNIC a /20. Then, one month later they expanded some previous RIR allocations into /12's; separate from the previous two allocations I mentioned. They are also allocated in a seemingly random order throughout 2000::/3, which they've decided to constrain their allocations to for some reason. To the point that the linux documentation project still recommends the following as an ipv6 default route example: /sbin/ip -6 route add 2000::/3 via 2001:0db8:0:f101::1 Yea.. it's /workable/, but a lot of decisions with respect to IPv6 feel like wasted opportunities that have only slowed adoption and promoted general confusion. Is 'extern "C"' still a thing to avoid name mangling? Some C++ features are easier not to use than others. So, what happens when they hit 21m bitcoin and mining no longer offers a reward? I think the big problem with semver is point 2 in their summary: "MINOR version when you add functionality in a backwards-compatible manner" That may make sense for very large software projects or operating systems where backwards compatibility is a huge concern, but it's not a good fit for the majority of software projects. This is especially true when these projects aren't compiled and thus don't even have an ABI to worry about. This view on versioning I think comes from a time when most software was compiled and when compiling that software would take a _long_ time or require downtime; thus protecting ABI compatibility was worth the effort. For modern projects that are in an interpreted language, I think constraining the middle version number to "non-breaking" changes is silly as it's copying a concern that no longer applies. It forces you to choose between "bug-fix" and "feature" releases and pace your project development in a rigid fashion that may not make much sense. Also, I think it's ridiculous to require anything other than big-fix releases to be non-breaking in the first place. If 1.6.x worked for you, why are you even trying to use 1.7.x if not to access new features? If that's the case, you're going to be editing your code again anyways. Worrying about a release manager automatically pulling a 1.7 codebase to upgrade a 1.6 codebase is silly; why is the package manager doing this in the first place? Don't we? I thought this was just called "static linking." Well.. this is a black market with no ability to self-regulate. So, the prices are going to be incredibly low compared to their everyday value; to be a bit crude, these are crackhead prices. It seems like they really wanted to push multicast as a "first-class" mode of the protocol, and by weaving it into the core of IPv6 they've forced everyone to have a somewhat exercised implementation of it in their stack. From "New Jersey's Further Reply," this part caught my eye: "For example, Mr. Fakhoury's Certification describes how Plaintiff discovered that the Division issued subpoenas to the New Jersey Coded Websites, Plaintiff's state of mind upon discovering this information, and Plaintiff's decision to send an email to its entire list of users." WhatsApp is highly price-competitive with the native offerings, particularly in the markets where it is most popular. It also benefits from wide cross platform and cross network availability. While the UI for Talko might be slick, there are already very similar and competitive offerings to Talko that operate on multiple platforms (e.g. Voxer) that have failed to take any market share the way Talko apparently hopes to. If they're going to be successful, it will boil down to marketing more than anything. Storage overhead. The loopback device is still a block device, if you skip this step, you don't have to waste the block overhead when storing a file that's smaller than the block size. If you're going to store a large number of small-sized files, this fuse sql bridge could be a win. I agree that the current Formula E pit stops look absolutely silly; however, considering that refueling has been allowed in some F1 seasons, would you accept a battery-swap style pit stop? The access to a large back catalog of CBS shows is, for me, a worthwhile feature. http://www.lysator.liu.se/c/bwk-on-pascal.html It's a hobby horse by this point, but it makes it clear that the Pascal of 30 years ago is not the Pascal of today. The same can be said of C. These languages have evolved to be where they are today, mostly because hardware has evolved to be where it is today. Castigating past decisions as laziness really seems to be ignorant of this process, what it involved, and why it was necessary to make the decisions that we have up until now. Engineering, on the whole, is the art of compromise. How is that a win? You've frustrated criminals for all of about 5 minutes. Further, you've alerted them to potential problem areas to avoid in the future. Congratulations, you've just made a smarter criminal. It also doesn't help that the FBI is a public institution and is required to respond to FOIA requests. The FBI does way more damage when it swings and misses than simply not doing anything at all. > And yes, many times, it's a square. Are you sure? In my experience, it depends on the context, but the pixels themselves are _not_ always of equal height:width ratio. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pixel_aspect_ratio I'm not trying to take the piss here, but why would you use a real-time protocol to stream to an archive? And why SDR instead of a dedicated tuner/decoder? "And yes, many times, ... " I took it to mean, "yes, many times over." As in, without a doubt, all pixels are square. My error. > You probably know this, but repne movsb is actually a fairly slow approach to copying data compared to the various SSE assembly implementations that libc and friends have. That used to be the case. As is mentioned, modern processors have fixed the 'rep' prefix to be much faster. Under linux, if your /proc/cpuinfo shows 'rep_good' in the flags section, then your CPU is of this newer class. If they're worth printing under your masthead, then yes. 1) It's a decent one-shot coffee maker. 2) You can buy reusable cups[1]. [1]: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0051SU0OW Personally, I think qbittorrent is a better general suggestion. http://www.qbittorrent.org/ Yes, but it starts with the premise that these are alternatives. If anything, I think these are things that are good in _addition_ to our current system, but as a replacement I think it's a bit of a pipe dream. Further, I take issue with the whole notion of the United States being a society "dominated by the police." It looks like we have just the right amount[1], so it seems to me that the issue is lack of training, accountability and open reporting combined with effective police review that are likely to be our problems. 1: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_number_of_... I don't mean to be flip, but police do not have the power to imprison people; it's Juries and Judges do that. You would, at minimum, need a new interface framing and command format; as it is, something needs to handle the SATA commands on the other end of the bus and translate them to operate the flash. This would likely require new interface ICs on motherboards and PCI cards to handle this, either that, or you run everything over USB3.0 (which is only 5GB/s). You're missing the context. Susan Thunder is http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Susan_Headley . She was a prostitute. She was an adversarial figure in the phreaking scene at the time. I'm not saying it's right or wrong, but this is a small slice of a much larger scene. Really it's a bunch of people trying to impress and out-do each other. "Dave Starr", "Susan Thunder", and "Roscoe Dupran" tangled with each other through almost any format available to them. Here's more old-school sources of all this rivalry: http://www.flyingsnail.com/missingbbs/ http://phrack.org/issues/10/2.html Hmm.. never seen it done that way. The typical way[1] is to view the difference of phase rather than frequency. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goniometer_%28audio%29 It's not really the vehicles. It's the loading docks, the fueling stations, the truck scales and all the rest of the infrastructure that supports trucking. All of those are going to need to have "automated truck" support as well, not to mention, when an 18 wheeler blows out a tire, you need some skills to bring the truck to a successful stop, but even more skills and equipment to effect the repair. Mining operations are easier because they work on their own property and aren't required to mix with other passenger vehicles. I know you said "eventually," but I suspect that it's going to take at least 50 years before we're anywhere even close. > True, but that's skill most drivers don't have. [...] after major failures (quadcopters with 3 props, planes with 1 wing) that humans can't handle. These are decent examples, but don't most of them only account for the safeyy of the controlled vehicle itself? I mean, it's impressive that a quad copter can land itself after a partial failure, but can it do it over a crowded city? With a hazardous load? Can the control software understand NFPA 704 of it's own cargo, plus the cargo of other vehicles near it and make appropriate decisions? All of this possibly near the maximum weight ratings for it's transportation type? I'm _all_ for automation, and I think it's the next most logical direction of our society; however, I think people tend to underestimate the totality of challenges involved especially for cargo transport. > Do they? If you want them to be economically competitive, then yes. The largest current expense is the driver salary, mostly due to the low quality of the working conditions and extended stays away from your "home." If you're still carting people around in the truck, then you will have a difficult time competing with large personnel and technology expenses. What I'm trying to suggest is that a fully automated nation-wide delivery service is going to be exceptionally difficult and will take a long time. This is mostly from the perspective of OTR/long-haul transportation. You'll likely see faster adoption on smaller scales such as in-city delivery services like grocery delivery and the like. It will blossom outward from there but it's still going to be a very long process. If your logistics operation allows for that, sure; most do not. You want to do as much work with as little miles as is possible, so turning the trucks over quickly is important. > What I mean by that is if the most cost effective big rig truck gets say 10MPG then that cost gets built into the market rate. If a new truck design gets 15MPG and costs more you can figure out the costs vs what's out on the market and see if it's an improvement. I see your point, but that's a particularly poor example. Most shippers will pass the fuel costs as a "fuel surcharge" on to the customer. If you're an owner/operator, this is the most lucrative part of the business, and is really the whole reason to be an O&O in the first place. Trucking is just a really strange business. If you ignore their enforcement letters, then yes, they can come and just confiscate your equipment; not an uncommon end for a "pirate" FM station operator. > if you try to run Mac or Linux software on it, people laugh at you like you're insane. We make good use of cygwin at our workplace. While it's not a perfect solution, it's very easy to install and use. It's incredibly useful to run linux/unix applications "inside" a windows environment. As has been mentioned, the boilers themselves do not heat up that quickly; however, you _also_ have to mix the pulverized coal with hot air and then pump it into the firebox for combustion. If you're coming up from a cold start, you're going to need to pre-heat the air, probably with electricity and/or natural gas. With this in mind, it's not so much that they don't generate power right away, it's that they don't generate enough power to overcome the cost of their initial inputs. From a power plant perspective, you aren't "started" until your output power is larger than your input power. They may have added the functionality by now, but when I worked on the system, it only encoded the destination address. They don't take pictures of the mail for fun or for tracking, it's purely for sorting. You want all the mail in a letter carriers truck to go into the truck in the order it's going to be delivered in for efficiency. So the system was in one of two modes, destination address coding or return address coding. Which mode it was in was determined by the mail processing plant itself. Also, it only photographed letters that did not have a presorted barcode printed on them. If it already had a barcode it just got sorted immediately. I'm not sure what there really is to tap into here. This is sort of a dumb question, but why develop omnidirectional treadmills instead of omnidirectional footwear? Small nit: S-1-5-18 is the SID+RID for "NT AUTHORITY\SYSTEM". S-1-5 is just the "NT AUTHORITY" prefix. I2C clock-stretching is also a weird thing to have to have to engineer around. > But, I'm not about to toss out the legal system because a criminal had a shitty time in court. Fuck this guy. I don't think anyone is suggesting anything other than reform of how we prosecute laws in this country, there is an obvious imbalance at play here and cases like this highlight the problem. Second.. sure, fuck that guy; but what about his family? His children? The community? Just because you put one person in jail does not mean that suffering and loss ends there. What is the function of the justice system? To fulfill our base needs for revenge? Or is it a tool to improve society? If it's the latter, then "fuck that guy" is not a useful response. The children who are going to grow up without a father, yea, I'm thinking about them. Who's going to raise them? A single mother, if they're lucky. Think she's going to have an easy time re-marrying with an ex-con husband? How about getting a good job in the era of background checks? Think she was highly educated to begin with? Taxpayers at large are going to foot most of bill for this domestic disaster. Further, these children are now more likely to end up in jail themselves. Now society gets to pay another $30,000 a year per child to house, feed and care for another inmate. This isn't strictly touchy-feely stuff here, there's a hard cost to society when you jail people without any thoughts towards true justice. It's stupid, ineffective and perverse. > but what about the real kind? You mean the kind of child abuse that's been occurring for centuries before we even thought up the electron? Or are just worried about how these images of abuse end up getting distributed? If it's the latter, then fine, censor the internet. If it's the former, you're going to need a more comprehensive plan. > On the whole, however, I agree with the initial point about how the peripheral economies built around servicing human truck drivers on their routes will take a hit. I'm thinking of all the towns on the way to Watertown from Minneapolis that would probably evaporate if they didn't have the trucks running the daily on the 212. Are they going to stop the trucks? Are self driving trucks going to be able to carry more load? Are we going to change highway rules to allow more than 80k pounds total weight for a single tractor/trailer? Are the trucks going to be electric or have vastly improved MPG? No. So there will still be the same amount of truck traffic as well as the same amount of fuel being sold in nearly the same locations. Perhaps restaurants will take a hit, but fuel and servicing will still be utilized for quite some time. > I'd imagine it would be profitable to install larger gas tanks in autonomous trucks. To a point. There are still limits on the total weight of the tractor and trailer (and fuel). So, the more you scale fuel, the less load you can carry. There is a tradeoff, and it's _not_ much more beneficial than where we are today. Considering most trucks take a 300 gallon load out already. That's already 2,600 lbs of fuel or 3% of your total weight limit. If we choose a low value for the average MPG, let's say 5, then those 300 gallons of fuel will get you 1,500 miles. If we choose a high value of 70 miles per hour average speed, then it will take you 21 hours to deplete your fuel. So, when I examine this, I don't see a case for much larger fuel tanks than we have today. The economics and realities of trucking are already very well thought out; more so than most people seem to believe. I've said it before, but short other technological advances and human needs, I think we're at least 20 years away from fully automated trucking. It's hard to say exactly, but the tractor usually weighs around 25000 lbs. You can probably save around 2000 to 3000 lbs of that. If you do remove the operator completely you're going to end up creating other jobs anyways, as now you're going to need people to respond to flat tires and other load issues, you're going to need marshalling yard with load masters, you're going to need more humpers at each location. This also ignores the case where loads are directly delivered to a customer. I work in radio broadcasting and the 53' box freight truck will drive straight to our transmitter site, even the ones up on mountains. There's _no_ driverless trailer that's going to do that and help unload the item. Also, since the transmitter is one of four destined for other customers, there would be no one to supervise us around other loads that we don't own and aren't covered for. So, you'd need to create secondary hubs that can handle these types of deliveries with smaller trucks, hence, more jobs. This is what I meant earlier, the logistics are really well nailed down. Owner operators of trailers make a lot of money because they solve a lot of problems all at once, are independent, and usually make a fuel surcharge so the price of gas impacts them far less. If you remove them, you're going to need a whole bunch of other infrastructure to replace what they do. The system is labor efficient already as computers have already impacted all the secondary parts such as freight bookers many years ago. Someone elsewhere mentioned companies making their own fuel dumps, which is _highly_ optimistic due to the way the current industry is arranged and the overhead and regulations involved in managing fuel tanks. Right now a dispatcher has software that can track their trucks with GPS, get fuel prices at all US locations from corporate fuel vendors, estimate current fuel volume on the truck and determine the optimal place for the driver to refuel along with the optimal amount for the driver to purchase. The message to the driver is usually communicated automatically through a message system installed in the cab, the driver can use the same system to communicate their actual mileage and fuel volume which gets factored back into everything. With newer trucks, the driver doesn't even need to input this information. Sorry for the ramble, but this industry is pretty complex already. I'm not sure having fully automated trucks is a near-term reality, nor am I sure that the companies involved are actually aiming for that. There will be a slow shift of _certain_ types of loads into full automation with the last mile being driven the way it currently is with a very gradual shift to full automation as technology advances to meet these secondary demands. He who controls the alfalfa controls the universe. It can never help you to be interviewed without an attorney present. It's probably been seen many times before, but I do enjoy this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wXkI4t7nuc > unprivileged contractor like Snowden could find out It was my understanding that he was employed as a system administrator and had nearly unlimited access to NSA files. This is according to an unnamed NSA source in this piece: http://www.forbes.com/sites/andygreenberg/2013/12/16/an-nsa-... > I think credit should be given for the standards-based, open architecture approach. True, but then the decision to expose FPGAs as part of the programming interface was absolutely wacky. FPGAs are some of the most proprietary devices on the market, usually requiring a vendor toolchain to even produce working bitstreams for the devices. They defined the interface at the wrong level. They should have developed something like an MII interface and focused on open framing and message protocol formats rather than on open source waveform generators. > For a trillion dollars, you can overwhelm enemy air defenses with cheap, primitive drones in a saturation attack. For a few hundred dollars I can jam your communications channel(s) to the drones. Asymmetric warfare sucks. > The problem is that once we're talking tens of millions of dollars and up -- no, you can't. Sure. If you're willing to build a new GPS system, because that's decently jammable for cheap. Also are you proposing that all the drones will be individually piloted on missions as they are now? If so, I don't strictly have to jam the drones on the battlefield, I can just jam your satellite uplink or physically attack your operations centers. Add the cost of a plane ticket. So far, we haven't used these weapons against any military that could be considered our peers. I wouldn't be so confident in our operational deployments without anything to base it on. Why? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Power_steering#Electric_system... Plus, the vehicle can park for you. Clearly it has the raw hardware to allow for this. If you're having hardware memory issues, your system is already in an undefined and unstable state. If you send it a SIGTERM, it runs your shutdown scripts and reboots. If you send it a SIGKILL, your kernel will panic. As far as I remember, this isn't any different from init. The OOM killer will _never_ take PID 1. In runit all PID 1 has to do is run the service scanner. All that has to do is open directories and fork/exec the individual service managers. If it fails, it will try again in 1 second, forever. No complex logic needed. Just keep trying. In practice, it works surprisingly well. If the individual service managers fail to run the startup script, it will try again in 1 second, forever. It works very will for most situations, but you _can_ customize this behavior easily. This simplicity is really helpful in an actual emergency because you don't get emergent behavior, like init deciding that your service is flapping and holding it down for 5 minutes. Anecdotally, I've been using runit exclusively on all my systems (around 25 physical systems and 20-100 virtual ones depending) for at least 8 years now and I've never had a single issue. The biggest problem I have with the design is that it puts your log services in a second level "behind" your main services, so you can sometimes miss that your log service failed to startup for some reason. This can be a real pain if your service uses blocking IO for it's stdout/stderr logging as it can cause the service to hang seemingly without explanation. > As those threads say, many Unity games run well in other browsers, but since Chrome is dominant in the market (over 50%), poor Chrome performance makes Unity look bad. But this isn't Unity's fault. If your product runs poorly on the dominant market platform, then that _is_ your fault. Especially as Chrome provides source, a reasonable community centered around that source, and strong developer tools to allow third parties to achieve superior performance on their browser. It's understandable, but the Unity developers made a guess as to the future state of the market and that guess was wrong. There are 510 trillion square miles of surface area on the planet. Just.. imagine the logistical challenge of taking and storing these pictures, let alone the _process_ of obtaining them. It's almost impossible to achieve anything like a "snapshot" of the surface; because of this, it's almost useless for locating moving objects on the surface. You could, conceivably, completely miss the object in your imaging passes; or the satellite you have tasked for a particular ground track has an error in it's imaging sensor or downlink equipment, meaning you're missing a huge chunk of data for a while. You might also have to move the satellites around occasionally making imaging useless during these periods as well. Also.. there's night and weather. You can't always freely image the surface just because you have a camera pointed in that direction. These are just a small number of reasons that whole-earth real-time imaging is seriously difficult. Neither. It's just such a habit to type miles. I meant 510 trillion square _meters_, which google and wolfram alpha tell me is correct. In any case.. the reason I chose that is because that's probably close to a reasonable maximum single pixel resolution for tracking imagery. I wanted the scope of the problem to be obvious by choice of units; unfortunately, I screwed that part up. :( > I understand it's a big job, but that's why big governments have billion dollar budgets and toys. Also remember we have no need to take photos of the entire surface, only the Atlantic (and even then, only the North Atlantic right now) Yes.. but spending a billion dollars to save a few million is kind of silly, isn't it? > feel quite confident when images are taken their exact co-ordinates are known, so it can be quickly determined if you've "missed" a patch or if you have them all. Knowing you're missing data is one thing, but if you're _looking_ for a _moving_ object it can really set you back. You also then have to wait for that satellite, or another one on the same ground track to make the next pass. Most earth imaging satellites have a 90 minute orbital period. Even then, the earth is spinning, so you can't get back to the _exact_ spot very easily (if at all). Still confident this is easy? > I feel quite certain they've tested these things extensively, and they're not going find some previously unknown bug while looking for a ship in the ocean. They work properly. You can't image from geosynchronous orbit. I mean, you can, but it's pointless. You need a polar orbit. These orbits aren't stable. You need to adjust them (seriously, sign up for the GPS update list and see how often they have to be adjusted and moved). Also, "they work properly." Clearly you're not an engineer. Things work properly until they don't. Which could be because of component failure, debris strike or you know, plain ole solar flares. These objects are in _space_. It sort of ups the bar. > thought most satellites were in orbits that make it possible to image almost the entire surface without moving them. As I said before, these orbits aren't perfectly stable. You need to boost and adjust and make movements. You may also want to put a new satellite in a slot where a previous satellite (with lessor technology) was. This all requires an insane amount of coordination and effort. Or, an insanely huge cluster. > I didn't say it was going to be easy. You made it sound as if it was a foregone conclusion. My effort was to point out that it is in no way that simple. It's going to be hard, it's going to cost a lot, you're going to have to throw people and money and equipment at it _constantly_. Is this justifiable for looking for missing objects? Probably not. > I'm not for one second proposing whole-earth real-time imaging. Then good luck finding those _moving_ objects. Also, I'd like to know what orbit takes a satellite only over the Atlantic Ocean. Yes, there are orbits that can "park" over an area, but those orbits are useless for the type of imaging you're suggesting, so you have to deal with the whole-earth problem anyways. Yep. The "security" is that compromised; leaked photographs or no. > What else are you going to do with your money? Leave it to my heirs? 5,000 years of inheritance tax would be interesting. > Since I've been using reddit for some time now there has been a very noticeable shift in the status quo when it comes to the level of discourse and the amount of hate speech that shows up, and I'm really not happy with it. Are you sure this isn't just a personal bias? None of this is new on reddit, the volume has increased, sure.. but so has the general userbase of the site. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tim_and_Eric_Awesome_Show,_Gre... ! It's not for everyone. > But the difficulty of writing secure software is not about avoiding any one particular mistake; it's the sheer number of mistakes available to be made, so that it's easy for one mistake to slip through the cracks. This may be pedantic.. but writing secure software as an individual is not that hard; writing secure software as a team and then publishing that as a product is almost impossible. > Find an online interest calculator and see how much interest you pay over the life of a 30 year loan. Then go to a cost of living calculator to see how much the inflation trend of 30 years minimizes that. The dollars you pay at the start of your loan have much more value than the dollars at the end; it tends to take quite a bit out of the "sticker shock" of just looking at the "total interest paid" column of an amortization schedule. "Once the drift is appreciable, the argument goes, a correction could be added much further down the line, perhaps by adding a leap minute or hour." Well.. if the leap second is any lesson, that should go smoothly and be really easy to implement. > You keep the voice communication for redundancy and backwards compatibility for planes that don't have the equipment, but having the information actually appear on your console is surely highly desirable? Are you _absolutely_ certain you can prevent unauthorized use of this channel? Keep in mind what you're proposing is that hundreds of semi-independent agencies have the ability to push this information directly into the aircraft FMC. The other reason it's communicated this way is because over an open audio channel other pilots can listen to the traffic and keep themselves apprised of situations in the local airspace and advise of conflicts with previous instructions. Finally, it leaves the choice in the hands of the pilot. The controller may give incompatible instructions (runway not long enough for landing weight) or make impossible guidance requests (airspeed too low for landing configuration). The FMC is not a friendly computer system to use and it is highly integrated with most of the critical flight systems. It most certainly isn't perfect and pilots absolutely do not want anyone to be able to make changes to their flight data remotely. > ...actually, isn't this technology already available, so that ATC can give commands to planes flying on full autopilot? Nope. No one is particularly interested in developing it either. > I'm proposing a way to get the six pieces of complex information from the ATC onto a display which the pilot can read, to avoid the pilot having to remember/write down those six pieces of information in a potentially information-dense situation. I would have this in addition to the existing voice control as a backup. The pilot still does the flying. Cockpits are pretty busy places.. it would be difficult for a pilot to verify that the information on the display is _still_ consistent with the last audio update from a controller. Or, they may miss the fact that they got a radio call to change their speed, but the display did not get updated and still shows the old requested speed. Or, perhaps a rogue or unintended signal was interpreted by the unit and the data updated with incorrect (and dangerous) values. As it is, the radio communications can impose extra load, but this is usually the responsibility of the non-flying pilot and it occurs during routine and non-complicated portions of the flight. For a large segment of the flight path, these updates will simply involve changing a setting on the auto pilot console (change of heading or airspeed). Your landing runway is assigned and confirmed by approach control _before_ you actually speak to the tower and usually before you even have the airport in sight. In smaller airports this responsibility _may_ be handled by the same person or by the larger ATC center serving that area, but the information is handed out early and in specific phases to help reduce the load on the flight crew. The call and response system is highly portable and useful and is typically quite resistant to "human factors" errors, when you start adding automation and new devices to the cockpit that can devolve into emergent behavior you start to see "human factors" errors occur. > The GA144 can execute almost 4000x more instructions per second then MSP430 while consuming over 70x less power for the work done. Yea, but the MSP430 actually has (a ton of) built in peripherals on it's own die, whereas the FA18 has none; so it's not the greatest comparison of J/MIPS. > The economy would fare a LOT better in my eyes if any investor over a certain threshold (10k?) was forced to hold the stock in question for 12 months at a minimum, [...] You can do this naturally by simply increasing the short-term capital gains tax rate; currently it's calculated as pure income tax which maxes out around 40%. And yet, ruby still provides 4 unary operators that can be redefined. Lagrange orbits aren't that great in the long run, and come with their own unique set of challenges (from en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lagrangian_point#Mathematical_details): "Although the L1, L2, and L3 points are nominally unstable, it turns out that it is possible to find (unstable) periodic orbits around these points, at least in the restricted three-body problem. These periodic orbits, referred to as "halo" orbits, do not exist in a full n-body dynamical system such as the Solar System. However, quasi-periodic (i.e. bounded but not precisely repeating) orbits following Lissajous-curve trajectories do exist in the n-body system. These quasi-periodic Lissajous orbits are what most of Lagrangian-point missions to date have used. Although they are not perfectly stable, a relatively modest effort at station keeping can allow a spacecraft to stay in a desired Lissajous orbit for an extended period of time. It also turns out that, at least in the case of Sun–Earth-L1 missions, it is actually preferable to place the spacecraft in a large-amplitude (100,000–200,000 km or 62,000–124,000 mi) Lissajous orbit, instead of having it sit at the Lagrangian point, because this keeps the spacecraft off the direct line between Sun and Earth, thereby reducing the impact of solar interference on Earth–spacecraft communications. Similarly, a large-amplitude Lissajous orbit around L2 can keep a probe out of Earth's shadow and therefore ensures a better illumination of its solar panels." Earth-Moon L4 and L5 is still very unstable due to the Sun (and other planets). Earth-Sun L4 and L5 is more stable, but almost useless as a waypoint; however there are already naturally captured asteroids (and a lot of dust) already there. All orbits require station keeping in a dynamic solar system that is circling around a black hole. > You have to multiply by 3.6, can you easily do that in your head? Multiply by 36 (12*3) then divide by 10? > But I can't accidentally let the user read or write arbitrary memory locations. Many of the languages you mention contain an 'eval' method, and most use environment variables in less than transparent ways. I wouldn't be so sure of this claim. Yes, it easily can be. My point was, no language allows you to get away with ignoring security (e.g. there is no free lunch). http://blog.codeclimate.com/blog/2013/01/10/rails-remote-cod... This is an old video, but I love watching these airline pilot saftey presentations. This video in particular covers a lot of these automation issues. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pN41LvuSz10 Apache is derived from NCSA HTTPd, having a config file with NCSA mentions is a sign of the age of the apache codebase being used or an extremely old default configuration file being used. Nope. Windows got sockets before it got a reasonable privilege model. > Annoyingly, there is no simple user accessible UTF-8 decoder in libc. Am I misunderstanding you, because I've always thought that's what the mbtowc(3) family of functions was? So, run yet another service with a poorly thought out RFC and add another code base to my vulnerability monitoring? You can have millions if you manually configure them, the DHCPv6 and SLAAC will not grab several addresses for use. Personally, I could care less about DRM on content; I'm far more appaled that I have to use DRM on the cable/protocol between my monitor and my video card. One of these harms my "freedom to tinker," the other, not so much. Of course.. you /expect/ that to happen, which is why you establish an internal auditing process. It would also imply that anyone with access to road marking paint can fool autonomous vehicles into misbehavior. > Can't they at least uphold the fiction that people vote on the merit of issues? It's not a direct democracy.. other than state referendums, people generally do not have an opportunity to _actually_ vote on issues. Interestingly, some of the subdomains like https://www.budget.senate.gov/ use the same certificate and do allow you to load their pages with mixed sources. If this was the idea, it was done fairly shoddy.. more than a few sites in the 'Alternative Name' field will still load. This has been a problem for decades. The airline industry is way ahead of automotive here. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pN41LvuSz10 > If the printer is on a dynamically assigned IP address, chances are that the port created for it will use a hard-coded entry like "192.168.1.13" which will break. The DHCP host name requested by the printer can be used [...] Personally, I've never understood this. Are there a lot of admins who let their printers take IPs from the DHCP pool? > Formula E is making advances in that regard but it's just nowhere near the level of F1 ATM. A Formula E car can't even make it through a single race. > [...] we know the whole truth, in reality, what we know is only a biased approximation of it. well.. clearly, censorship is the answer, then. > Most planes have a prominent red button you can press to disable the autopilot whenever it misbehaves. Not really, or some pedantry.. the autopilot (heading and altitude) is disabled with a double-click on a small button either the yolk or the side-stick (boeing and airbus). Autothrottle (entirely separate) is disabled with a double-click on a small button on the sides of the throttle levers. There is also a separate mechanism to disable it entirely, but it's usually a small button with an indistinct label (like "A/P" or "A/T") mixed in with a bunch of other buttons on the instrument cluster. Sometimes there is also a slightly larger "AP Disengage" button on some planes. Most pilots I've seen will disable using the first method so they can be immediately "hands-on" when the system relinquishes control. > Though they can directly address this by taking photos out of the mix. You could, with mixed results, I'm sure. There are many other factors to base a prejudice on; for example "does their name /sound/ black?" Airbnb could also establish an anti-discrimination policy, which if you are caught in these types of incidents, you and your properties will be banned for some amount of time. I've never used the service, so I can't say for sure, but I can think of at least a few good ways to accomplish this along with a team responsible for checking into flagged events and user reports. Why wouldn't it? It only relies on the ability to create a single outbound TCP connection; surely double NAT doesn't impede that? If both parties are double NAT, then sure, you have a problem, but aside from that; as long the party you are connecting to doesn't -- it should work fine as described. Do a FOIA request for the staff directory? Either that or every other income and minimum wage standard is lowered to compensate. > But if the human hasn't actually flown in months or years the'll likely be kind of rusty. Cruising at altitude is not that hard. I'd be far more concerned if they were interfering with the various Instrument Landing Systems during inclement weather. > Every, say hour you do it manually buys you a few hours of autopilot. Most pilots already hand-fly in clear weather during landing and takeoff by default; somewhat for the reasons you suggest, but it's also the safer as it actively maintains pilot situational awareness. You're generally only going to use the A/P during cruise, departure and approach or during instrument flight conditions. > It's certainly possible to capture everything a human can know in one database. Storing the information isn't the real challenge, structuring the connections between different pieces of knowledge is what seems to be the very difficult part. Without the latter, you can have all the data in the world, but no way to make any use or sense of it. > A 75kWh battery pack that is limited to 60kWh is better than having a real 60kWh pack. Why? Wouldn't the weight reduction be useful? > If you look at this as a $6000 or so discount on a new Tesla, it actually seems like a pretty good deal. Yes.. but the whole battery is still being used, and is still in a position to require service. It could be the case that I have a 60kW tesla, but still need to pay the full 75kW repair price, because of the way they structured this. There are a handful of incidents every year that the bureau does take action on. It's hard to draw any numerical conclusions from, but it is interesting to read some of the enforcement letters https://transition.fcc.gov/eb/AmateurActions/Welcome.html > "set waypoints, sit back" "and maintain situational awareness." Some failures can happen quickly, and the plane can change modes unexpectedly. Plus the warnings you receive may not be accurate.. see Air France 447. You can sit back, but your role is to constantly check your instruments, your performance, your route, your radios and your environment. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cooper_vane > If you're an American, you're twice as likely to die with a steering wheel in your hands as you are to die at the hands of a murderer. Human-driven vehicle deaths cause grave second-order suffering for families and friends - and hurt the economy. If you're an American you're more likely to die from suicide than you are from motor vehicle related injuries. You're more likely to be poisoned than to die in a motor vehicle crash. You're 16 times more likely to die from heart disease or cancer. Compared to 1950, motor vehicle death rates have more than halved. > Americans spend a million days each year in the hospital due to injuries sustained in motor vehicles. Sustained _due_ to motor vehicles. The base statistics also include pedestrian deaths. There's also a skew due to vehicles being multi-passenger. Interestingly, it _is_ the leading cause of deaths for Americans between 15 to 29 years old. For females 15-24 the motor vehicle related death rate is 8.7. For males 15-24 the death rate is 21.5. From 24-75 the rates drop a few points for both sexes and then increase again after 75. > In the medium term, fully-autonomous vehicles will eventually cut both of those numbers to virtually zero. My point is, the statistics may be painting a different picture when viewed in the whole. Even if this specific case is true, we may just be trading one cause of death for another. There's no guarantee overall injury or "suffering" will be reduced. > When they're available worldwide, fully-autonomous vehicles will be a public health victory on the scale of vaccines or antibiotics. Maybe, and maybe when everyone can afford them. Yet still, even today in America, more likely to die to the Flu than you are to motor vehicle related injuries. I'm all for automated cars, but I'm skeptical of the rhetoric that gets tossed around. True, and that's a fair way to look at things. To me, the overall picture is that young men are exceptionally self-destructive when compared to anyone else. While self driving cars are part of the picture towards reducing deaths in this group, it's incomplete; and you might do just as well with better parental controls and driver behavior reporting embedded into vehicle control software. Some of this is already available, but I have a feeling it's used far less often than it otherwise could be; which speaks to differing levels of parental involvement in the safety of their teenagers. At the same time nobody's discussing taking motorcycles off the road and we're not at a point where we can put the requisite technologies in motorcycles to grant them the same safety we're supposing automated vehicles will possess. These vehicles in particular kill a disproportionate amount of young males. Even if we do add these technologies to a motorcycle, you can still buy an ATV, or a snowmobile, or a farm tractor or any number of other off-road gasoline powered gadgets that can quickly become lethal. I have nothing against the advancement of the safety of human society through technology, but I don't like the taste of the automated vehicle kool-aid that gets passed around and I'd like us to hedge our bets. That's all. > Uh, fallout is only deadly for a few weeks or so even after thousands of nuclear weapons are used on a country. The amount of fallout and types of products generated in a nuclear blast are mostly determined by the altitude the bomb detonates at. If you let it blast a few thousand feet in the air, before it hits the ground, then you are correct. This is typical strategy because it doesn't destroy the ground and the air blast has an absolutely devastating effect on man made structures. However, if you let the bomb get all the way down to the dirt or even slightly below it before you detonate, then much of that radiation is absorbed by all that matter and spread out over a large distance. You can also design the bomb case so that it transmits this radiation rather than absorbing it further increasing the fallout and it's intensity. > Funding for the enforcement branch of the FCC has been seriously cut in recent years. Do you have a source for this? FY2005 FCC spent $41m[1], in FY2009 they spent $46m[2], in FY2014 they spent $44m[3]. The worst you can say is that it has stagnated slightly, but then again, so have total FM/AM license holders and the associated license fees they pay. [1] https://transition.fcc.gov/Reports/fcc2007budget.pdf [2] https://apps.fcc.gov/edocs_public/attachmatch/DOC-290641A1.p... [3] https://apps.fcc.gov/edocs_public/attachmatch/DOC-331817A1.p... > Don't use `&h[1]` to refer to the space after a structure. I'm pretty sure that's undefined behavior Not defending the code, but it isn't undefined. Pointers to "one past the last element of an array" are a special case and have specific/defined behavior in the standard. Why does it have to be a pursuit? Can the police speed through a city to arrive on scene of a crime? Say, for example, a domestic dispute turned into a violent assault? Can they break down a door on reasonable suspicion when they arrive? Can they enter the contained private property without permission? Can they shoot one person to save the others life? > Just because you aren't about to die of tetanus does not mean your quality of life has improve at all. I have asthma and require corrective lenses. My quality of life is orders of magnitude better now than it would have been even 100 years ago. I've only ever used the low end tools for FPGA parts, but even when you design with an HDL, the output is realized in stages. It translates your code, then determines a netlist, then does physical layout and routing, then it can produce either a bitstream output for something like an FPGA, or one of several outputs that can be sent to a fabrication plant for ASIC production. For the image processing "state machine" I imagine most of the "core" design is done at the HDL level with some small tweaks to the other steps along the way to optimize the chip for physical production. That was something else that irked me in the article, where they decry the small $2,000 a year they receive in donations; but they don't address how much their commercial support contracts[1] bring in. OpenSSL seems to be both an open source project and a cottage industry all wrapped in one. [1] https://www.openssl.org/support/contracts.html > where you dump packet stream from 4x10gbps cards with minimal 84b size (on ethernet), show that you would exhaust the storage in approx. 4.5 minutes I don't understand your relations here, or the size of the storage you're considering. I did this: 3.5 million packets per second * 84 bytes per packet * 4 interfaces == 101.606 terabytes/day. Or, at the raw interface rate: 10 Gb/s * 4 interfaces == 432 terabytes/day. I'm looking forward to their NPR call-in show. > current which produces 2 × 10−7 N/m of force between two parallel conductors Hate to be a stickler, but: "...conductors of negligible cross-section and of infinite length." It's still one of my least favorite SI definitions. > for US regulators to create policies that are encourage the development of self-driving cars. How much more friendly of an environment do they need? The NHTSA has guidelines, and wants answers, but it hasn't shown a lot of prior restraint in this space. These companies are slow to move because they know full well that if they kill enough drivers, their stock will fall so much that they'll be de-listed from any legitimate securities market in a matter of days. This is a complicated space with a lot of new liabilities and civil responsibilities to consider, it _should_ move slow. To an extent, but at those current draws, you do need integrated cooling in your battery packs. > CA:FE:00:C0:FF:EE That's already a locally-administered address as the first byte ends in the hex nibble 'A'. Aside from that, the IEEE's actions are a little odd here, but when you read BCP128[1]; you can see, it's really not their fault. This is due to vendors choosing a wacky and poorly thought out mechanism for identifying packet types on MPLS networks. [1]: https://tools.ietf.org/html/bcp128 > You can use fingerprints as a password. Provided you have them, medical amputations of limbs is a thing that happens. That's probably part of it, but the DMV seems to consider it a "manufacturers testing permit," which means that Volvo would have to be substantially involved in the process on Uber's behalf as they do not already have a permit of their own. [0] The draft rules also require quite a bit of insurance and items like "autonomous test driver training programs" to be in place for a legal operation. [1] [0]: https://www.dmv.ca.gov/portal/dmv/detail/vr/autonomous/testi... [1]: https://www.dmv.ca.gov/portal/wcm/connect/211897ae-c58a-4f28... > I agree it should be optional to just live in an uninsured and unsellable shed if you want. I'm seeing a lot of that sentiment, and my libertarian nature does agree with it; however, houses are often directly connected to a shared electrical, water and sewage systems -- improper design of a structure can have serious effects on these systems and thus on the neighborhood as a whole. So, to allow that ideology, you'd also have to prevent these homes from being connected to these services. In traditional Microsoft fashion, it's both [0]. WoW is the 16bit compatibility layer on 32bit systems, WoW64 is the 32bit compatibility layer on 64bit systems. [0]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_on_Windows Well, the law as written allows them to give you a ticket for driving _at_ the posted speed -- if that speed wasn't "reasonable or prudent" at the time; for example, in severe storms or during an evacuation. I'm not sure where to stand, but I do believe that the safe speed to drive it is more than just a function of "do what the sign says." Perhaps this isn't the place for this, but I've always loved this comic: http://www.smbc-comics.com/?id=2103 > but corporate offices? No. I wouldn't be so quick to offer that conclusion. I've been to several "corporate/fortune 150+" and "commercial/satellite" offices that use "cloud-based" physical security products. You actually do manage the users and credentials (and everything else) through the vendors website. The security system also periodically connects to the same website and downloads any updates that it needs to apply to itself. The building engineers and physical security guys are typically not educated/savvy enough to know to avoid these systems, so they _do_ get installed in many surprising places. > and maybe it is true that it's dangerous to let them roam around far away unsupervised? ...and maybe there are unseen benefits that outweigh those risk factors? It's true that in the past few years childhood mortality has lowered, and that the highest risk factor for anyone up to age 44 is "unintentional injuries;" however, other statistics may be more troubling. For example, the teen suicide rate was steadily declining throughout 1985 to 2000, but since then, there has been a steady uptick in the suicide rate for children under 18. It's the second leading cause of death for people 10 to 34 in the united states, out-ranking even murder and cancer for these groups. The higher the aircraft gets, the thinner the air, and the more power required to quickly add altitude at that point. Most aircraft have a slowly stepped climb and descent managed through ATC that gives them plenty of horizontal miles to change their altitude, so they can more gradually adjust in normal flight without having to use max power. These pilots fell 4,400 feet, I'm sure they wanted to quickly recover to avoid any further problems with other flights in the area. > Is there some potential boon to performance or reduced manufacturing cost Guessing, but in the balance, I would assume no. Power generation costs are higher and service is less reliable. Staffing is more costly. Transport for all other resources is also more costly and at a much higher delay than in many other areas that are traditionally used. From my own experience with high power (~25kW) FM radio transmitters, some of which we have at the top of mountains in the middle of ski-resorts: while cooling costs are reduced throughout the winter, they /aren't/ totally eliminated, so you still need to size and maintain the equipment for summer loads anyways. Getting to the site to do work and maintenance is an absolute chore; replacing the transmitter was a 10 man job where similar rigs in other locations only required 3. Although, if it was the summer, after we finished our work, we got to take the alpine slide down the hill. As to why we put it there in the first place, signal coverage was excellent, and they already had the power we required available due to the chair-lifts being nearby. If we could have put it somewhere else and got the same coverage, we would have. > Let's define reckless. Legal statutes and prior case law defines it for us. > Also, aside from the CEO what about the engineer who writes the code? I would think the CTO would be more responsible for reckless automated operation than the CEO. Perhaps responsibility shouldn't be doled out by title but by actual action. > Regardless, companies will probably have to have insurance similar to what people who drive cars have. Absolutely, but there's no effective way to insure the value of your brand. 4. Go to your state legislature and try to get a bill passed. What surprises me is that CoreLogic is not bound by the same terms that any other credit reporting bureau is. There is no way any business is going to just write you a letter stating that you currently owe no money, not without talking to a lawyer first, I'd hope. If they want to impugn your credit with with this type of reporting, then it's their responsibility to ensure its accuracy. > larger stations generally always have at least one person present who can verify alerts before rebroadcasting them. New rules recently in effect, presidential alert messages (PAM) are to be rebroadcast by station equipment immediately with minimal delay and without requiring operator intervention. Using a phased array you can "lens" a signal fairly effectively. Aside from this, you could use multiple transmitters that are fairly low power on their own, but in a combined and targeted shot could deliver a knockout blow to a drone. > I haven't worked on Windows directly in years, but I never knew that NUL was a reserved word as a file. It's not. It's a reserved word through the MS-DOS file redirection facilities. If you use the newer file API or you use the \\?\[path] convention; the reserved words are not an issue and you can create files named for them. > why is anything that is patented ever made to be part of a standard? So you can discuss it openly with your competitors and suppliers without running afoul of anti-trust laws. I also assume it's the major reason for organizations like ISO to exist in the first place. Which is how figures like Thomas Drake[1] and Mark Klein[2] go the way of Claudette Colvin[3]; careful that you don't merely lionize the most reported figures in this struggle. Also.. my apologies for leaning on a Civil Rights figure for an analogy, it's just the first thing that came to mind. [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_Andrews_Drake [2]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Klein [3]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Claudette_Colvin > I get that Uber is a toxic company, but I'm not sure if immunity is a good idea. I don't think immunity protects you from civil damages, though.. just the criminal penalties. So, still not a great trade for Levandowski if he makes a deal. Not available on an Airbus.. there is no mechanical linkage from the flight stick to anything other than it's own housing. However, on both the modern Airbus and Boeing plans, there's a RAT[1] that will generate hydraulic and electrical power if the planes main and auxiliary systems fail. The (in)famous Gimli Glider[2] used it to survive total power loss after it ran it's fuel tanks dry. [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ram_air_turbine [2]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gimli_Glider > Everything is an inevitability, that's the problem with the design space. We haven't yet invented some perfect machine that will handle everything. In the case of this flight, and the less fortunate Air Fance 447; it was a failure of a single sensor that caused loss of stable flight.. yet, there were still two other sensors that continued to function correctly. In both cases, the fix is to turn a switch so that the primary flight display and auto pilot start getting their data from one of the alternate sources. Without having done a complex study, my impression is that there is a lack of pilot training when it comes to properly managing and understanding flight data sources and paths in modern aircraft. combined with: - people not familiar with how rear wheel drive cars are different from front wheel drive cars. - people not familiar with how a vehicle that has a near 50/50 spread of weight between the front and rear axle is different from a more standard vehicle. To this I've added a DHCP script that randomly selects one of the /64's inside the /60 that my ISP allocates me, it runs on binding a lease after a given fraction of the DHCP lease time. Combined with privacy extensions, this keeps my address fairly unpredictable. There's always TAI64. http://dyscour.se/post/12679668746/using-tai64-for-logging Compressed Air Energy Storage is pretty neat. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Compressed_air_energy_storage I saw that RSS icon and my first instinct was to check and see if Java needed an update. > The best languages to take advantage of chips that aren't compute-limited* FPGAs may or may not deserve that distinction, depending on your point of view.. but even if you concede that, they're still heavily bandwidth limited. An SDRAM interface takes up quite a bit of floor space, especially if you want more than one FIFO to move data with -- and even then, you're still standing behind relatively slow memory interface. There's SRAM on newer chips, but it's still too paltry an amount to really do anything close to general purpose computing on.. especially with the languages you've mentioned. > why Moore's law no longer works Moore's law no longer works because we hit 4GHz in silicon, there's nowhere to go but sidways now, and that's true whether you're in dedicated or reconfigurable chips. > You’d end up rewriting your own version of a database. This is the hell we just crawled out of in one of our codebases.. it's not so much the access for a single process, but when you want to share the data in the file, that's when it seriously starts to get messy and breaking through otherwise clean abstraction layers and/or forcing recompile on compatibility breaking changes. Straight array of structs. The complication was that there were several of them, they were stored in bus-attached MRAM which was accessed directly (e.g. mmap of /dev/ram) by several independent processes. The idea came from previous generations of the product which generally ran on microcontrollers coupled with custom FPGA designs, so, not entirely unwarranted.. but completely incorrect for a newer product with much greater computing power than their previous devices. > I don't think these autopilot systems will work well in crowded cities or cities with poor infrastructure for roads. I would _love_ to see some serious "read team" testing of these exact issues with driverless cars. Pedestrian issues, weather issues, mixed-use roads, roads with construction crews, roads with simulated accident scenes, roads with physical damage/flooding/large debris. I'd also be interested to know if the car drives differently between the rear-wheel only and the all-wheel versions and if environmental factors can frustrate these different control modes. > and you're lucky to end up making minimum wage when you account for how many hours they spend working. If you're driving fleet, that's correct; however, there are a large number of "Owner/Operators" out there and they do make significantly more than you'd expect. If you have a good freight contract and a logistical mind, an O+O can easily make around $125k/year. > Among the relevant questions here are: could the images have been shown at a lower resolution and still gotten the point across? Could only portions of the images have been shown and still gotten the point across? You're missing one. Do the modifications to the images as presented on her blog count as a "transformative work?" In that light, I do think this is a bit more straight forward than you suggest. In California, the peak is actually at 6pm. At that time, Solar is generally producing 6.6 GW from around 9.6 GW at noon. http://www.caiso.com/Pages/TodaysOutlook.aspx So, more or less: Japanese. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Japanese_numerals Oh.. wouldn't things like 1,000,001 be harder to say, then? > If BT audio could be buffered for 15-20 seconds, this would not be a problem. My phone (or my car) does about 2 seconds of buffering, which is usually just enough -- however, it applies the buffer regardless and doesn't synchronize to any other content. So, using BT to try and watch any videos completely fails. > Cars and roads are fantastically dangerous, many thousands of people die every year, but we still build cars and roads. The statistics aren't that straight forward; for example, young men under the age of 24 are significantly over-represented in traffic deaths, so it's not entirely reasonable to assume the cars or roads are inherently dangerous. On top of that, we drive 3.1 trillion miles every year in the U.S alone and falling off a ladder at work kills about twice as many people than roadway fatalities do. Worldwide.. and that table is out of date, both catagories have increased in the new table. I can only speak to the statistics in the U.S. where ~36,000 people died according to NHTSA's FARS database. Of those, 6,000 were pedestrians. Whereas ~33,000 people died from falls or related causes according to the CDC. So, my ratio was wrong.. but I don't think it diminishes my point too significantly. Falls disproportionately affect the elderly.. as do traffic accidents, but the opportunities for risk are typically fewer as many elderly stop driving at some point, most die as passengers when they're involved in traffic accidents. > I understood it was mathematically limited supply to create an inflation proof currency. Put money in wallet. Forget password. Destroy currency forever. Not a well thought out ideal. > If your local grocery monopoly started rationing out milk to 250ml sold per day there would be protests Not quite.. if they rationed milk to 250mL, but then let you buy an extra 25mL for what the first 250mL costs. They're not only creating scarcity, but then creating a market to profit from this artificial situation. > They have all the data and rule sets to completely automate the filing process. My partner works in outside sales as an agent for a "Fortune 100" company, and the IRS in no way has all the data to automate any part of her taxes. From the way she's compensated, to the reimbursements, to the legitimate business expeses.. there's no way she'd get a good deal if she let the IRS guess at any of that. I want two more important steps: 4. The video is archived for at least 90 days, with 360 being preferable. 5. The video is immediately encrypted when it is stored and should only be accessible by the district attorneys office. Okay.. if you really do want them to have access to the data, then you can amend that to 'Strong cryptographic message signing applied on storage.' There really is a case to be made in keeping the video private; however, police often have to process your private information and the officers have privacy considerations themselves. I really wrote that with this in mind, as I think it's a strong hedge against the "officer privacy" argument. You _will_ constantly record on duty, and that information _will_ be kept private hopefully giving us the best of both worlds. There's also an evidentiary and performance monitoring considerations. I don't want police to have access to their own video when making sworn statements, research has shown that this can bias and alter these statements which are incredibly important when establishing frame of mind in a courtroom. I also don't want police captains to have the ability to spy on their staff and use the cameras as a backdoor way to monitor the performance or judgement of officers on the street. To that final point, you _want_ officers to be able to look the other way in certain circumstances.. they aren't a group that should be blindly applying the letter of the law, in my opinion, by keeping the video private you serve to protect this important discretionary relationship between officers and the public. > so it has to be built-in. We have fork() and exec(), and resource limits carry across exec(), so it does not /have/ to be a built-in. 8.8B in revenue in 2016, up from 6.7B in 2015. Also in 2016, 3.3B in long term debt, offset by nearly 2.8B in cash, equivalents and capital. All of this on top of 11.0B worth of content. Source, most recent NFLX 10-K, page 16. http://files.shareholder.com/downloads/NFLX/4903229026x0xS16... > Shkreli seems to be trying to expose this hypocrisy, but the news loves their stories. Sociopaths love pointing out that they only hurt you because they wanted to make you stronger. > He really talks in extremes. Easiest way to herd cats on a mailing list. > I see all his points but it doesn't make these things pure garbage. Well.. you see his points and his opinion. People are always in a hurry to take affront to this, but really, he's just putting the argument where it's ultimately going to end up anyways, and in the process, he gets to avoid the dozens of follow-up emails that fruitlessly attempt to convince him out of this opinion. You're really only left with two options, disagree and move on, or fix the problems he has with it and try to get him to use it again later. > but something else. The high cost of completely changing your fleet of vehicles, your driver and mechanics training and bringing in a whole new set of vendors and service professionals to tie it all together. > My first suspicion is that fossil fuel transportation is still cheaper. Yes, it's just about a lot more than the vehicles themselves. That, and they literally pack multiple dies into a single "package." https://www.extremetech.com/computing/253416-amd-explains-th... > Some of the energy thing is related to dehydration I suspect - if I drink more water over the day it has same effect as stopping coffee For me, that was the majority of it. I've settled on a 1:1 ratio. Drink a cup of coffee, then a full cup of water before I have another coffee. The US Presidential office has archived the many iterations of it's 'White House' webpage. https://www.archives.gov/presidential-libraries/archived-web... > backup camera and blind spot detection are worth real dollars I agree on the camera.. it's been especially useful in more than a few places on my work truck, but I worry that features like BSM go along with a trend of designing more "stylish" interiors that have significantly reduced visibility along certain angles. The difference between my small Japanese car and my sisters American SUV is amazing. I can physically see everything around my car, in her car, there are huge chunks of surrounding space that are blocked by pillars and other design considerations. If you feel you need BSM, then you may just be driving a horribly designed car. I've run the numbers before.. and yes, you could do this. It will considerably impact the weight that a truck can pull, though. You're going to sacrifice anywhere from 5,000 lbs to 15,000lbs of load capacity depending on how much capacity you want and how much armor you're going to need (an exploding semi radial is not something to disregard). The _real_ problem is charging capacity, especially in large depots and yards. You're going to need a rather insane tap into the grid in order to pull the current necessary to re-charge these batteries in anything less than a day, and if you can't do that, you're going to end up with a huge stockpile of batteries and a new set of logistics challenges you're going to have to absorb to make it work. Part of logistics currently is to track fuel prices across the country, and determine based upon the trucks location the "correct" amount of fuel to put in the truck to get the best pricing given the miles needed to travel. You're going to have to re-build this entire system and track electrical rates. Finally.. consider that some loads in this country will travel for 2,000 miles or more on a truck before being delivered. A 300 mile capacity battery is utterly ineffective for this mode. It _might_ be better suited to mid-size local delivery trucks that never stray more than 100 miles from their depot, outside of that, it's doable, but it introduces more problems than it solves. > It would make more sense to create intermediate governments with power over metro areas. That's basically a county. Perhaps we just need to reconsider those boundaries? > Sacramento As a native, it's not as homogeneous as anyone would presume; and I feel the surrounding counties and structure do more or less reasonably represent the geographical and societal divisions that are present in Sacramento and the surrounding areas. I'm not sure any of our neighbors would appreciate being lumped out of California and in with us. It makes me pine for the days of Gopher. > I strongly agree with the author. I will second this. I wanted to make a live streaming playback feature using the API so I could remotely monitor an audio matrix/routing system that I have in the office. The API has _zero_ provision for streaming MP3. You either load and playback a complete MP3 file or you get corrupted playback because the API simply won't maintain state between decoding calls. What I ended up having to do was write a port of libMAD to JavaScript and then use that to produce a PCM stream, which I _could_ then convert into an AudioBuffer, attach a timer, and then send into the audio API for correct playback. Which is an insane amount of work for a gaping oversight in a common use-case of the API, a simple flag in the browsers native decoder would've sufficed. If I recall, as we did that project a year and a half ago, MSE either wasn't available at that time or the latency was entirely unacceptable. I should have noted that with the setup I described above we are able to achieve how limiting an anti-social attitude can be when trying to collaborate There are those of us who see collaboration as orthogonal to innovation and thus don't put any effort into it. Fortunately, there's a good mix of talent and dispositions out there to make up for it. > Imagine where windowing systems could be if his brilliant work, API thoughts, and insights weren't delivered with insults, arrogance and vitriol. Imagine a world where everyone is the same and has the same set of values. That may seem like paradise to some, but it sounds like doom to me. > At the end it is sad that he was proud of being right He was proud that he didn't compromise, even though that would've been easier, and no one would've faulted him for it. > If there are more text-only versions of sites I might have a reason to install lynx again. > The solution would be to figure out how the empty ones are produced and fix that (root cause analysis) Maybe.. maybe not. One possible outcome: Likely problem: speed of production. Solution: slow down production. Analysis: the loss on sometimes empty boxes is much lower than the loss on a slower production line. Conclusion: the fan is the correct solution. > whose value is purely symbolic. A symbolism so powerful it can override human nature. I wouldn't be so quick to underestimate the importance of it. I think it's meant to imply the reasoning behind it. "Standard discrimination" is done out of fear or hatred, and "reverse discrimination" is done out of ignorance and a misguided desire to "help." > The economic function of IP is not to protect producers from consumers, but to protect producers from free-riding by other producers. The function of IP, from a government point of view, is to promote the useful arts and science and to ultimately make them available to the public after a limited amount of protection to the creator. Otherwise, there's no purpose in the government being involved in enforcing monopolies. _Two_ petitions that were accepted to the Supreme Court. Which reminds me of the disturbing case of Chritopher Paul Neil. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christopher_Paul_Neil I wouldn't be that optimistic.. I grew up in Duluth, MN. A city that in 2 miles goes from 600' ASL to 1400' ASL, there are some roads with a greater than 10% grade to them. It snows there, and not just any snow, lake-effect snow. You really do need a special set of skills and roadway awareness to navigate inclement weather in cities like this. Detroit is a great step, but I'd really like to see some more challenging areas handled before I'm convinced. > but inform local governments about when they should institute driving bans? In the U.S. I'm not even sure what such a mechanism would look like? How could you enforce this? > In an ideal world, I trust autonomous cars over human-operated cars. I don't understand this mentality out-of-hand, especially because I've been in cars that have had mechanical failures. There is no mechanical system that is perfectly reliable, and I'm not sure we're considering the emergent effects of this properly. Finally, unless you outright _force_ all drivers to use the autonomous mode, then users can still take control of their cars as they see fit and we're really not improving anything. Case in point, the video says that driving deaths disproportionately affects young _people_. Which is garbage.. it affects young _men_ who are 8 times more likely to die in a vehicle that they're driving than a female of the same age. I don't know how autonomous modes being available are really going to help this group. > There are also things like 'chain advisories' which prohibit traffic of vehicles unequipped with tire chains. Chains are illegal on Minnesota roadways. > Accept shares if he doesn't have cash. And if the shares lose value while he's out on bail? Our defendant just lost their incentive to reclaim them. > There is no field length constraint on text values SQLite has supported CHECK() for a while. So, for example, you can do: CHECK(LENGTH(col) IS BETWEEN 1 AND 16) > Also writes are serialized. Across multiple processes, but there is a shared cache and read uncommitted mode available otherwise. > When George W Bush won the election it was all the fault of Fox News and right wing radio. I was pretty sure we're laying that one at the feet of the Florida State Supreme Court. > Tech is just one of the vehicles through which we share it. It's the fastest, most powerful, and most virulent vehicle we've found for it yet. This seems to be worthy of independent consideration, as we may have unknowingly crossed some sort of threshold. > but Google Search results are getting less and less relevant for my queries and at the same time, provide more and more spammy sites as results. I'm getting many sites that are missing one or more of my keywords listed above sites that do have all of them. I get this odd feeling an AI is trying really hard to draw inferences from my search patterns and is failing horribly to understand what it is I am asking for most of the time. > just lowly engineers He was an engineering _manager_. His official job title was "Leader of Diesel Competence." Let's not pretend he was all that "lowly." These people. You can get a MiG-29 to take you to the edge of space, so you can see the curve of the earth with your own eyes, for around €20,000. > but the post office already issues US Passports. The State Department issues US Passports, the Post Office merely accepts your applications on their behalf. > I'm not sure what you mean by "verifying mailing addresses" because the USPS does provide a way to do verify the correctness and deliverability of an address [1]. It's only vaguely tied to identity. I have my physical address, but because I live in an RV park and move often, I don't actually receive mail there. In about half of the locations I've stayed, you _can't_ receive mail there. I use a private mailbox along with a mail forwarding service in order to receive postal mail. > [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Address_Management_System Is used to solve the problem of sorting and routing mail, which is really what the Post Office spends most of their effort on. Every postal address in the US can be uniquely identified by an 11 digit code: your ZIP+4 and the last two digits of your house number, but it completely ignores multi-tenancy and has no provisions for linking to identity. > There's nothing in there about consumers having accurate information. Yes, but practice has taught us that it is an important part of any functioning market. > the absolute last thing you want is fairness to your competition or fairness to your consumer. I completely disagree with your assertion here. I want an advantage over my competition, sure.. but I still want it to be fair. An unfair market is a fickle and unreliable one. That's not good for anyone. Further, if my consumer walks away from the deal feeling that it was unfair then I've really done myself a disservice in the long term. It's a reason why "Goodwill and Brand Awareness" are line items in the world of corporate accounting. > Free Markets and Capitalism don't stand for anything. They stand for the implicit agreement that we are all created equal. > If Bitcoin ends up only being a settlement layer, it'll still be a colossal success just being a decentralized, supply-limited, uncensorable, world-accessible payment system and store of value. So, what happens when all the bitcoin are generated and mining is complete? > because of the extreme brittleness of their mechanisms. On top of all that, we're still entirely unsure how the system is going to function once all bitcoin has been mined and it becomes a pure transaction system. > For example, Germany had to pay citizens to consume power because there was a glut. Another example recently was in California where the state had to pay Arizona to take their excess capacity. One off events that happen because of an alignment of several external factors are not good markers to plan the future from. Further, you can't assume the Bitcoin is the only sink for excess energy and that other markets/systems aren't in a better position to take advantage of it. > Modern general purpose CPUs sacrificed some security for performance. I don't think that's a fair way of stating it. I think it's a case of independent performance improvements in branch prediction, cache architecture and out-of-order instruction retirement that on their own have negligible security impact but when combined in a single system reveal emergent behavior. > why would it need to apply the Meltdown patch? They're using a "monolithic" cloud provider and don't have a choice in their current deployment? > The great thing about a 25MPH speed limit is that slamming on the brakes deals with most problems. Might still not be that great if your clients are elderly. Like so: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portable_People_Meter > but most broadcasters choose to continue regular FM simulcast and subdivide the remaining digital bandwidth across multiple virtual channels. The FCC has not approved all-digital modes yet. Further, we cannot control the bitrate of the "main" digital simulcast. We _can_ control the sub-channels, but it doesn't matter how much bandwidth you throw at it, the HDC codec (which is a bastardized form of HE-AAC) always sounds like garbage. This is partially owing to the codec, but also to the fact that we only have 96kbit/s in total to allocate to all sub-channels. In 1982 the FCC allowed stations to apply for C-QUAM [1] operation. Don't let the OP fool you, it uses a nearly identical technique to FM stereo and thus has nearly the same limitations and impact on quality of the station. Or he's thinking about 1989 when the FCC actually limited AM bandwidth to 20kHz (10kHz audio). [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C-QUAM I meant as passengers. Restraint systems are designed with healthy bodies in mind, and they wreak havoc on the elderly. "Slamming the breaks" is not a valid strategy in this environment. > we promise to unsift what we've already sifted through. The government is not Uber's competition, and actually has interest in them existing as they can collect taxes from them. It's not appropriate to view it through an "adversarial" lens. > I mean, before cars, streets tended to be narrow and generally ad hoc. It's also worthwhile to consider all that cars have added to our society. People stayed in the streets because that's as far as they could go. Vendors came to the streets because that's where their customers could get to. Travel was limited, the movement of goods was basically nonexistent compared to today and "moving for a job" was not even a possibility for the majority of Americans. We introduced cars, then made them faster because that enabled more of what we wanted for ourselves, and sure, we made a sacrifice in that trade but I don't understand this modern trend of decrying our future for love of navel gazing through the past. > Linus having issues with a patch is, well, not particularly newsworthy. Why not? The lead engineer of the linux kernel project has specific issues with security patches from a major hardware vendor. I understand the constant distaste that some users here have with Linus' style, but I don't understand the constant need to denigrate his positions by attempting to paint them as particularly diminutive. 266 Billion Miles are driven on US roadways each _month_. It's going to be a while before we have a predictive dataset. > Today, e-mail spam seems to bee a solved problem from my own user perspective. Honest question.. how long have you had the email addresses you're using for comparison? I've had the same email for the past 12 years, corporate, and now moved into O365. It's _average_ for spam filtering as far as my subjective experience goes. > I wonder what we could do to change the process so that useless laws actually get removed This was a California Proposition, which means it was citizen driven legislation. As a result, legislators aren't keen to interfere with them. To get rid of it, we're basically going to need another proposition which nullifies the reporting requirement and changes the way legal settlements around Prop 65 are handled. > They had decay underneath fillings because the original treatment had essentially only gone as deep as the patient could stand. In the middle of a root-canal my anesthetic completely wore off. I was able to feel the nerve root in my tooth being twisted up into a metal file and snapped out, along with all the canal filing and packing that happens afterwards. White-hot all-encompassing pain. There's no way any of those patients got a proper job done. PowerPC has addis (add immediate shifted) though, which as it implies, shifts the immediate value 16bits to the left before the add. In this worst case, you can add any arbitrary 32bit value to any register with two opcodes. So, is it the case that with ARM, you _may_ be able to do the same add in one op, but it's worst case appears to be 4 ops for the full range of immediate values? > We need to distinguish between the two. More than that, you need to distinguish between accidents and fatalities and then you need to put them both against the number of miles driven. In the US we're currently at about 36,000 fatalities per year with about 3 trillion miles driven. > I'd guess the maximum acceptable rate would be no more than one collision in multiple years of driving. Again.. terrible metric. The rate versus the number of miles driven _while in autonomous mode_ is what you really want to consider; and anything worse than the current numbers is absolutely unacceptable. > For a self-driving fleet taxi with a remote operator able to take over and help it when it gets stuck, it may be. I'm not sure that's better, or an acceptable solution. Remotely controlled, how? Do we put limits on that system? Are limits always a good idea given the context it's expected to be used in? How long between alert and remote control? What's the expected latency of drive controls, given that light actually moves pretty slow relative to the planet's size? Then, how do we secure any of that? Either the system works better than humans, or it shouldn't be deployed. Limited trials, a good grip on the numbers and a strong regulator are what's needed. > what's so different about mounting it on a police officer's head? I'm not even mad at the implementation in general, the article implies that the officer first identifies a suspicious person and then engages the technology to make an identification. However, it's probably due to the fact that China is a country where your religion can get you arrested or kidnapped by the state.. so, it's still unsettling. Cryogenic oxygen has something like a 700:1 expansion ratio when it is warmed into a gas. > Plus, opioids have never been advertised on TV, so you point isn't relevant. Yes, but products related to them have. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Naloxegol So, the western version of Maranasati? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mara%E1%B9%87asati > the majority of consumer internet connections in Australia have a copper last-mile serving ADSL2+. Half the point of laying fiber was _because_ of all the old copper and how unusable it has become. Exceptionally short-sighted. > They can beat anyone on price, placement, or delivery speed. Well.. except for OEMs. Which is sourced from a New York Times _opinion_ piece without any documentation or second sourcing to back it up. I'm comfortable putting this in the "dubious" and/or "overblown anecdote" bin unless evidence shows otherwise. I'm not sure your odometer readings qualify as protected information. More importantly, on many cars, it's in public view. So, what's the difference from the oil shop selling this data or from the insurance agent driving to your house and just looking through your side window? > so a non government actor can otherwise illegally obtain evidence A critical point is the police can't directly or indirectly _solicit_ this behavior. That would be a criminal act in and of itself, but it would maintain your 4th amendment rights. * Closing natural gas and other pipeline feeds to prevent fires. > its jokingly said that the gods require a blood sacrifice. Usually we're referring to something like a paper cut or a sharp edge on a prototype. > could make this a pretty effective attack vector. Until we start putting high order low pass filters in everything. > You don't allocate patrols uniformly across the city; that makes no sense. And simply concentrating on areas with "high _reported_ crime" isn't a winning strategy, either. Also, see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cayley%E2%80%93Dickson_constru... > Perhaps it will finally cue people in to how intrinsically dangerous cars are. Until you consider the _billions_ of miles that cars in the US drive every month. Cars are exceptionally safe, and they're getting better every year.. because we keep driving _more_ miles year after year, yet fatalities continue to drop. Also, how do you interpret facts like: California has 30% more people living in it than Texas, yet TX has a _greater_ number of roadway fatalities than CA? > they're still orders of magnitude more of a risk factor for ordinary The problem is: you absolutely cannot view vehicles as a _single_ risk factor. Thus, any comparison between human drivers and AI drivers on these terms is flawed from the outset. > They are the most dangeorus thing that most people encounter on a daily basis. It's actually yourself, and it's worse when you're at work. Deaths due to vehicles: 36k per year. Deaths due to suicides: 44k per year. Deaths due to accidents: 190k per year. > There are many age and other cohorts of the population for which the leading cause of death is vehicles. This is not true for any cohort. [1] And yes, I'm aware that accidental deaths include vehicular deaths, but if you dig into the FARS data [2] and do a comparison between the two sets, you'll see that this statement can't be correct. It is; however, true that young men 15-24 exhibit the highest risk rate in vehicles compared to anyone else.. it's even 8x higher than females of the same age, but it doesn't make vehicles the greatest risk they face. > And compare against commercial aviation, which has a per-mile death rate three orders of magnitude less than driving. Yea, but a "deaths-per-journey" that's three times worse [3]. By the way, the aviation insurance industry uses the per-journey statistic, not the per-mile. Which further reveals my point, I don't think you can't take a single axis view on this information and come to any meaningful conclusion. [1]: https://www.cdc.gov/injury/wisqars/pdf/leading_causes_of_dea... [2]: https://www-fars.nhtsa.dot.gov/Main/index.aspx [3]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aviation_safety#Transport_comp... > but 500 more trips, so cars are only 166 times more dangerous than planes In terms of fatalities, yes. My data completely discounts non-fatal car accidents; however, there are far fewer "non fatal aircraft accidents" for obvious reasons. So, there's not a lot to glean from this, particularly given the highly regulated nature of aircraft operations in the USA and most of the world. You could reduce vehicle fatalities by a huge amount just taking motorcycles off the road. They afford no protection to their passengers and increase fatalities just by existing. You could reduce vehicle fatalities a huge amount by not allowing young men under the age of 24 to have a vehicle with more than 90 horsepower. They have a tendency to lose control of their vehicles and drive them off the road and into trees or other solid objects. Many also die because they weren't wearing a seatbelt and got ejected from the vehicle. Some survive all of that and die because while laying in the road injured, they got hit by a vehicle completely unrelated to their crash. You could also get some reduction by creating safety systems that do less damage to elderly bodies in an accident. Protection of the heads and necks of adult passengers in the rear of the vehicle needs a lot of work currently. Way more elderly passengers die in the back of the car than in the front, even in low velocity ( You could eliminate 1/6 of all vehicle fatalities, 6000 per year, by removing pedestrians from the road. The fatalities are pretty well split across setting (rural/urban), sex, age and time of day. Sidewalks and traffic > 20mph is pure insanity. You could also definitively figure out _why_ Texas has not only higher fatalities _by number_ but a much greater fatality _rate_ over California. A statistic I opened with because this is a _huge_ point. Seriously, look up the numbers per state; because, when I do, I _cannot_ come to a blanket conclusion like "cars are dangerous." When really: Cars present _multiple_ and often _unrelated_ risk factors and we still have room for all kinds of incremental improvements in their overall safety. Unrelated to my argument, but still a worthwhile thought: How much room is left for improvements in Aircraft safety? The most highly regulated and automated vehicle and transport system in service today? > think it is, for a pretty reasonable slicing of the data. Here[1] You missed the reference. > group has only a single row that beats motor vehicle accidents, and it is "accidents", which motor vehicle accidents is considered a subset of. Right, but then you have to ask why? You might find a dataset which further breaks the cohort down into "Male" and "Female" categories; because when you do that, you'll see the data does not line up between the two at all. There will, last time I checked, be about an 8x difference between the two. This highlights the fact that the driver of the vehicle carries the risk, _not_ some inherent property of the vehicle itself. Ask yourself this question: if we took cars away from young men, would they be any less prodigious when it comes to fatally injuring themselves? History and psychology suggest that they wouldn't fare any better. > in the 15-24 cohort, motor vehicle deaths are a substantial subset of all of the top 3 causes - unintentional injury, suicide, and homicide. Suicidal behavior is not a risk factor that you can then translate to vehicles, neither homicide for the reasons I stated above. Finally, when you compare total vehicle fatalities for the cohort to the accidental death category for the same cohort, you realize it's around 30% of the overall deaths. When the 15-24 group injures themselves, it most often _does not_ involve a vehicle. > a lot of the risk is concentrated in the takeoff and landing Aircraft bodies are only rated for a certain number of "pressure cycles." There's genuine risk baked right into the airframe. > to begin the stop It, or the driver, could do more than just stop though. You can change directions, even at 38mph. Then we have to get into other questions, would I as a driver willingly sideswipe a car next to me to avoid hitting a pedestrian? Is it reasonable to expect an AI to make the same value decision? China has already bailed out several upper tier cities housing markets several times. This is not the measure of economic health people take it for, at least, not in the current regulatory environment of China. > as we're all playing by the same rules. No we're not. If China wants to make an anti-dumping case over our soybeans to the WTO, they're welcome to. So far, they haven't. Mostly because they're going to have to make a case that "crop insurance" provided by the USDA is somehow an undue "subsidy." > Isn't it? Not strictly.. food security is a valid concern. > How many billions of totally-not-subsidy are you not subsidizing? Roughly: 2 Billion on an export crop that's worth 35 Billion at market. Is that noncompetitive support to spurn dumping in a foreign market? Obviously not, and it's why China didn't go to the WTO already. > Driving is hard and most of these systems already make fewer mistakes than human drivers. When driven in a small number of states that have beneficial weather conditions. I don't think we've done _nearly_ enough testing to come to this conclusion yet. > there can be self driving slow vehicles. This is not a safe option, particularly on certain roadways. Accidents increase when you have a higher levels of relative speed difference between lanes of traffic. Having "turtle mode AI cars" isn't going to help us. Speaking of the elderly.. they often end up in fatal accidents even at low speeds. Their frail bodies combined with strong safety restraints are not a good combination; particularly in the rear seats where their level of risk increases to nearly 2x the front seats. > in which planes' flight paths are set They're 'set' in the sense that if communications is lost between the pilot and ATC, there's a pre-determined and more importantly pre-authorized path for the aircraft to fly through. > A plane on autopilot would never have to dodge a pedestrian It happens quite a bit, which is why we invented TCAS. [1] A common misconception is that _all_ traffic is required to file a flight plan, and that's only true for IFR (instrument) traffic and not for VFR (visual) traffic. So, an IFR flight can, and will, encouter VFR flights that interfere with their flight. > and would be separated from other planes by thousands of feet. In certain situations, in transit regions and during clearance/delivery, this is not true. 1: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Traffic_collision_avoidance_sy... > Tesla performs ZERO body work for you. And as such, has a very limited number of "approved" body shops that can source the parts for repairs. See: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=18MItauAgKo When I think about UBI I worry about responsible spending and wonder if just subsidizing common items food, clothing (diapers) and household goods wouldn't be a smarter solution overall. In relation to the case in the article, I wonder if we couldn't subsidize certain items and allow parents to receive a one month supply at low to no cost? Why should we give disadvantaged people $180 a month just to let several middlemen take a cut via the corner drugstore? > It does not seem this would be acceptable by the public even though 30,000 annual human car fatalities could be avoided. The flawed assumption behind this thinking is that all accidents have "accidental" factors. Alcohol and drugs and the poor decisions of young men are _huge_ components of that statistic. You also have to consider that motorcycles make up a not insignificant portion (12%) of those numbers. It also completely ignores the pedestrian component (16%) which is due to a huge number of factors, of which, driver attentiveness is only one. So many pedestrians die, at night, on the sides class B highways that it's silly. EDIT: To add, Texas has more fatalities on the roadway than California. Not per capita, _total_. This is clearly a multi-component problem. > There are two 48-bit halves. It could get bigger eventually. Which is precisely why the implemented in that way, to prevent "clever" uses like this from eventually breaking on chipsets that define more address bits than the early default. > Remote sensing systems are a thing, and there are good reasons to regulate them. I'm curious. What do you consider those to be? More importantly, do you consider the First Amendment to supersede these laws? > Because it overthrows a century old tradition And if the goal of mathematicians and programmers were the same, this might be a compelling argument. In no sense do I see my programs as giant algorithms, they're machines, and as such require different syntax to construct. > But mixing up assignment and comparison is a truly bad idea Then := is also a bad decision. You should use the fully historically supported form of 'let = '. Both := and == suffer from the fact that if you omit a single character, you change assignment into comparison or vice versa. It strikes me as a nitpicky argument for it's own sake. > Which almost always happens because someone messed up their C or machine code, Or hardware failure, possibly injecting faults into the system. See Page 14: https://www.hq.nasa.gov/alsj/ApolloLMRadarTND6849.pdf > Adam and Jamie also wanted to find out how clean the drying area of the restroom stayed with each drying method. Before the previous experiment began, the mock restrooms were thoroughly cleaned. Which is already completely unrealistic. Next time you see a Dyson "Air Blade" in a restroom, bend down and look into the machine from the side. What you see will almost certainly prevent you from ever using one of those ever again. > If every car had them, I bet road safety would increase significantly. If you look into the data on fatal accidents and examine them even for a few minutes you'll easily see that this is a foolhardy bet. The causes of accidents and fatalities are highly variable and not what you would expect. There's also extreme variability between the individual states; for example, Texas has more _total_ fatalities than California. There's extreme variability between the sexes and for different age groups within those sexes. Finally, there are motorcycles. AI/Driverless, AV and all the attendant sensors and inputs will have an impact, just not nearly as large of one as many people unfortunately expect. Use NHTSA's FARS: https://www.nhtsa.gov/research-data/fatality-analysis-report... Personally I downloaded their database and then converted into an SQLite database that I could run queries against. They do have an online tool, but I have no experience with that. > that could snowball into destroying more things in orbit It even has a name: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kessler_syndrome > Extremely exceptional access only, in cases where thousands of people's lives could be at stake or millions. And how do we determine when that's actually the case and when it's overhyped or flawed intelligence? > We don't live in a perfect world and we don't have a perfect solution. Exactly, so focusing on phone encryption is probably a waste of time. I just use the firewall.. if you make more than 4 SSH connections inside of a minute you're blackholed for 5 minutes. Pretty much drops all automated scanners right on the floor while not adding any steps for normal use. > to make these invasive attacks more challenging The problem with that is, there are fewer people capable of attacking their countermeasures and so they don't get a strong test before being deployed. I'll always remember Christopher Tarnovsky's talks at DEFCON. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bp26rPw90Dc Does this mean the problem is more complicated and nuanced than we had originally assumed so that they are constantly going to struggle to program it to even barely match the performance of a human being? I'm still disappointed that the system has to use underlying maps to know where lanes are and what the speed limits are in them. What happens when the map is less than 100% perfect? These orbits are unstable and require careful stationkeeping or a large orbital amplitude to maintain a semi-stable orbit. > * Close to Earth * Close to Earth while maintaining a nearly constant distance. * Always reachable. Never is it on the other side of the sun from Earth. > The NSA recommended an S-Box change Which is true and commendable; however, in the exact same system they proposed weakening the key from 64bits to 48bits. IBM split the difference and we got 56bit DES. > but why can't you run both the new and old code side by side and if the actions they take are materially different investigate further? Because there are no closed facilities that you can use to actually perform any meaningful test. You could test "in-situ", but you would need an absolutely _huge_ testing area in order to accurately test and check all the different roadway configurations the vehicle is likely to encounter. You'll probably want more than one pass, some with pedestrians, some without, some in high light and some in low, etc.. It's worth noting that American's drive more than 260 billion miles each _month_. It's just an enormous problem. > But once you take the time to learn it, it's fine. For a short period of time, sure.. but the ecosystem evolves quickly, and often in inexplicable ways. > In the majority of cases WebAssembly is just give to give the lazy an excuse to use a language they already know rather than learn something new. Most people program in return for money, not for self-satisfaction at learning yet another single-purpose language. > But is a dozen incompatible, competing rendering frameworks (that each site downloads separately) going to be good for the web? How is this significantly different from where we are now? Well, yea. I'd be surprised[1] if it wasn't on the list. [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Room_641A > But since the government tends to want to investigate all crimes it is capable of investigating Sure, but is that appropriate? Is that what we actually _want_ from _our_ government? > The end result is that the government is figuratively forced You can't start a problem with desire and then claim a forced hand when it doesn't go your way. The government is not forced to investigate or attempt to stop _every single_ crime. > We can end bufferbloat, now, on everything. We have been able to for years. htb+sfq has been around forever. > but does nothing to control queue lengths. For directly managing bufferbloat, I never understood this to be a requirement. Either technique is meant to create back-pressure on the TCP stack so it can more effectively manage it's window.. and both do that perfectly well. My understanding is that you would want AQM in order to keep your bandwidth utilization closer to the actual wire speed than a simple priority queue would. So, we've had the tools to deal with bufferbloat for a long time, it's just that this mode now just provides slightly better peak performance. > Netflix introduces new programs like Google introduces new chat programs. Yea, and they both have equivalent staying power. > The C people just need to officially define some of the de facto behaviours Sure, as soon as the all the different ISA people officially define some of the de facto behaviors. UB isn't in the standard "just because" it's in the standard because there is no apparent underlying standard. > Man, I was so addicted to Door programs like TradeWars. I still dream about re-making SRE/BRE. > The chance that you get an accident with your car is significantly higher There's a difference between fatalities and accidents. Fatalities are surprisingly low. Plus, Air travel is only significantly safer per-km, per-journey it's not at all safer [1]. > Its just a matter of impact. Poor choice of words. [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aviation_safety#Transport_comp... > $200K per ride for less than 3 minutes of zero gravity There's more than just weightlessness to appreciate on a suborbital flight. Plus the 8 minutes up and 8-20 minutes back down are probably pretty fun too. Maybe the city should directly address those things instead of hoping that a bought-out law crafted for special interests will magically fix it for them. > The longer I am alive the more I learn about how much of human civilization depends on good faith and trust. That's one way to look at it. The other way is that it depends on incentive. > that bringing a power plant online is a dangerous process Not really. Power plants are connected and disconnected from the grid several times each day. > You have to spin up the power plant and make sure that you are in phase with the grid before connecting your power output This is done by computer in all cases, and it's incredibly fast and easy to do so. Especially considering we're only dealing with 60Hz here. This only applies to certain types of power plants, solar plants have entirely different interconnection considerations. > There is a serious risk that a single power plant could cause systemic damage to many devices in a region's grid but for the entire history of the US There is serious risk that a single tree branch could cause a system wide blackout for a major portion of the US. [1] > we have just assumed that anyone with tens of millions of dollars to invest in a power plant is just too profit-driven to pull off anything like that. Breakers and automatic protection devices respond with incredible speed and are typically controlled by an external agency operating at a State or Regional level. > If the last few years (decades it seems) have taught me anything, it's that we have to reevaluate many of the assumptions we have been holding about reality and our peers. From the Target/Home Depot/Equifax breaches to Facebook's Cambridge Analytica fiasco, we have just been way too lucky and way too trusting. Relative to what? Fraud and theft will always be factors in a functioning society. Is the total value extracted by newer frauds increasing faster than our global GDP? > I never thought the world would put so much trust in a system created by and for the US armed forces. What are the alternatives? The world putting it's trust in a commercial system? We'd just be trading one set of known issues with another. [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Northeast_blackout_of_2003 > They were identified as possibly being criminals. And you've highlighted the _exact_ problem here. That is not at all what has happened, they have been identified as "possibly having a similar appearance to one or more particular images of a suspected criminal." > And an officer can review the evidence presented by the report and make a human determination to follow up with a physical arrest. Which already presumes that the system will only have false positives. When the system produces false negatives, then this mode of investigation is entirely flawed. > no license plates. In California, at least, your license fees fund the highway patrol and their various enforcement activities. The cost is certainly not centered around the plate, which is made with prison labor anyways. > so making things hard to repair would likely be costing them money. It's easier for them to repair because they have access to the manuals and diagnostic software necessary to quickly identify the issue. > Electric cars are so much easier to repair in my opinion because of their simplicity Parts of them, but the highest cost repairs on Tesla's are by far the body work; which is somehow an order of magnitude more expensive than other cars. > Replacing the drive unit in most electric cars is like 2 sets of wires and 4-8 bolts. That's a gross oversimplification and completely ignores the necessary reprogramming to make the replacement actually function in the new vehicle, which is precisely the problem with their repair model; you _can't_ actually do this yourself due to software barriers. > But that'll change as electric vehicles become more common. And as soon as the manufacturers release the necessary information to make them functional on their platform. SF should ban continental breakfasts. If you're staying at a hotel and they provide breakfast, we're depriving local businesses of the opportunity to serve them. > The outer bands move slowly enough that you can step on and off at any point. Add that to the "Places I don't want to be during a system failure." > Smart, well-meaning people on boards such as this refuse to see the Prison Industrial Complex for what it really is Random. When your recidivism rate exceeds 50%, you might as well flip a coin at sentencing to decide whether they go to jail or not; will likely be just as effective as the current system. > If there is one thing I fail to understand it is the impulse to electronic-ify our elections. Two words: "hanging chad." I think history shows that we don't actually do it that well, I gave one example from recent history and I think a quick study will show that elections, in general, are easily undermined. We want machines because they are indifferent. We can develop machine based voting systems that have a voter-verifiable receipt. We can reduce the cost of our elections and reduce the number of trusted people that must be involved with them. It removes the most common sources of error from our current flawed implementation of our democratic ideals. Expanding upon this, if we make voting cheap and easy enough, we may actually be able to expand our democracy for more direct participation at all levels of government and reduce our reliance on the currently flawed implementation of our representative system. Why would we _not_ want this? The major problem, as I see it, is that states are not assembling expert panels to either purchase or work with other states to collaboratively build a good system directly. The government purchasing process certainly plays a factor here as well, and voting systems should be classified as critical infrastructure to allow a more rational approach to their procurement and/or development. > I was a bit worried that the box does not shield the signal enough. They make "Faraday Bags" exactly for this purpose. > The only people who got hurt were home owners who go underwater and then lose a job. Or those with Adjustable Rate Mortgages that popped and then got priced out of their homes. > So...what's special about Ohms, Kelvins, and ångström Nothing other than misguided thinking in the early versions of the standard. The other problems with these special symbols is that if you call tolower() or similar on them they'll return the "normal" character they're based off of. So toupper(tolower(char)) != char. > then a Helicopter is an monumental engineering failure. That's baffling. Engineering is the art of compromise. The helicopter _does_ have many compromises in it's design, but it's benefits are unmatched by other aerial vehicles. In other words, the benefits outweigh the negatives. I assume it's something along the lines of: "Never refuse a US Military request, be mad at Iran, and don't bother Israel." > and market the experience. While locking their devices and users to that experience, or forcing those users to make large-scale security compromises just to avoid it. > My take is that until we decide that a given platform is a monopoly They seem like they are. Is there another app store that iPhone users can use? Android users? Does the operating system on these phones let you easily change your "app store" preference? > we let the platforms fight for a larger market share by attracting high quality apps using this "tax" as leverage How does that benefit consumers? Is it impossible to achieve these same benefits in any other way than the somewhat draconian system we have now? > Microsoft tried (and failed) to improve their platform by offering developers a larger share of the take away and hoping they'd improve the ecosystem. Microsoft had more problems with their platform than just the price. There's already a workable distribution channel for third-party software on their systems. Their "app store" really didn't add any benefit to people already familiar with their software. Plus, they never really sold a volume of phones that puts them close to Apple or Google so their Monopoly position in this regard was severely hampered. > My hope is the market gets more competitive so that app makers get a larger share of the profit. How is that going to happen when you only have one app distribution mechanism to choose from per platform? > because your passport will be checked. That's far more a concern for people trying to re-enter the United States. For those leaving, this is hardly an impediment. > so to speak so it never actually fell on the ground. Well, that and the rocket motor the have onboard that allows them to periodically reboost[0] the entire station to a higher orbit. [0]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CsZUkrGGfuo > Tesla can immediately license it Aren't they already licensing the second generation from Nvidia on Nvidia hardware? > Autopilot 2 cars into self driving cars overnight. That's presuming that the current sensor arrays, computing power and their arrangements will be compatible with the new technology. > If you care about usability this is clearly an improvement. This is a false dichotomy. There are tons of ways to improve the implementation without just hacking parts of the URL out of the "omnibar." You could split the omnibar and/or allow it to be resized so both pieces of information can be shown. You can use differential color highlighting and/or text formatting to convey which parts google considers "trusted." You could implement an "expert mode" button somewhere that turns all of these "improvements" off. You could add an extra field that shows security-critical information not just about the URL but about the resulting connection(s) to the host. This is hardly exhaustive, which is also a good description for Google's effort on this one. Also, the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sieve_of_Atkin > Would you or anyone else here also agree that it is generally easier to write mathematical notation than to read it? Yes. In my estimation, it's due to a much higher density of conceptual ideas being expressed. I honestly prefer imperative code for stepping through a new idea because it simply can't be expressed in most dense and compressed form and probably because it's what I'm most familiar with. > One could argue its much easier to read a novel than it is to write one, and i'd agree :) I think it's because novels assume you're starting from a position of ignorance. Probably why I could never read Pynchon. > ICE efficiency brings that down a decent amount, no? In terms of power to the wheels, yes. Some of that latent energy can be useful, especially after it's converted into heat. > That said, it's a little surprising to see a bug of this type in SQLite which generally has such solid test coverage I was just thinking that's the sign of an extremely mature system. No system will never be free of problems, but you will have less of them, and paradoxically, the problems you are left with have far more complicated and usually emergent paths to activation. In this particular case, the fault wasn't in any one component and was subsequently hidden and then revealed due to the complicated interplay between multiple modules. This is usually where case-by-case testing breaks down and you have to turn to other methods like fuzzing to elicit these behaviors. > didn't have any real empirical evidence to back any of our claims up. NHTSA publishes the FARS every year. It is their database of every known roadway fatality in the United States. It's free to the public. It's well worth study. Here's an example: Texas has more fatalities than California. Not per-capita, but in total. California has 10m more people living there than Texas. This is not a uniform problem. > Presently human drivers cause an awful number of deaths with cars. Yes, a majority of accidents only involve a single vehicle. It is often the case that a driver exceeds their ability or roadway conditions and kills only themselves. > would drunk drivers still kill more people every year even if we replaced all of the cars with robot ones? Replaced them with cars that have no manual control option. Given everything we've learned about automation, this is a bad idea given our current infrastructure. So, it's highly unlikely that they will have much of an impact for this group. > it seems like we'd be faster at making them safer than preventing humans from making poor decisions. This ignores the nearly 100 years of saftey history that we already have. We have already reduced roadway fatalities by a staggering amount and have created a regulatory framework that has successfully created higher saftey margins for all drivers. We already drive Trillions of miles every year in the US and we only have 36k fatalities. Further: 6k of those are pedestrians and 8k of those are motorcycles. 7k are young men under 24 and 7k were drivers under the influence. There are not a lot of "easy gains" left out there where it's obvious that self-driving cars will have a major impact. > I think in the case of piloting a slow-moving bullet around crowds of humans Which is one thing. However, we're talking about piloting thousands of slow-moving bullets around crowds of humans _and_ each-other. There will not be a single manufacturer of technology, nor will there be a single auto-pilot system. Plus we haven't experienced any automation failures yet that have caused us to establish best-practices around this system. For example, should the autonomous system have full 100% authority over the cars controls? It may be useful in an accident that the car can use full authority to avoid an accident. It may be disastrous in a situation where the car has bad data from it's sensors. So, should we limit control authority to reduce the opportunity for failure here and also leave some margins for a human to override the machine? Will drivers actually understand the complicated and subtle difference? What happens when we need to roll out regulatory changes to autopilot functions? Do we do that all at once? How do we force drivers to do these updates? How do we keep drivers safe now that we've changed a major operational mode of their vehicle? We expect airline pilots to engage in simulations and continual training to ensure that they are on top of these changes, what are we going to do in vehicles? > It did wonders for the aviation industry It wasn't without it's own set of challenges[0]. Upshot of the video is, switching to a lower level of automation is now recommended practice in many situations because it's actually safer. [0]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pN41LvuSz10 > Personally I like the breadth of different types available in PostgreSQL. Also for how extensible they are. I'm a complete amateur at GIS, but PostGIS is one of the neatest large-scale uses of the system I've seen. > we can't produce very high energy particles We can, it's just really hard to get a reaction out of the composite particles we've been using and we may have hit an energy limit here. Our energy problem is pretty much limited to fundamental accelerators now. > dark energy or dark matter is a good example for this. It's "weird" in the sense that based upon our observations there's a discrepancy between our presumed mass for very distant large stellar objects and the apparent rotation rate of some bodies in it's outer radius. There's a lot of room for corrections there that don't involve new fundamental science. It's much more likely that we'll be able to to link two disparate areas of science together with a rigorous equation. This has been a good chunk of our progress so far. > I'd be really disappointed if we already discovered everything there is as well in terms of the laws of physics, I mean how boring would that be? Ultimately, there has to be a limit to how much knowledge there is to be gained. Beyond that we can start asking the really important questions like: "Does the universe fundamentally allow for the existence of free will?" > So I've come to think that it would actually be preferable to put most of the health data into PDF-like documents I've thought about this before and came to nearly the same conclusion. It would also help in extremes, allowing doctors to switch back to pure paper should the situation call for it while allowing for that information to be smoothly integrated back into the system once it becomes available again. What good is an EHR if the power is out? > I guess some kind of especially important data, such as information on current medication or drug intolerance should really be kept in a fully structured format to enable clinical decision support Which may help, but as detailed by this article the process of ordering healthcare and the eventual delivery of that care to the patient is often a patchwork of multiple departments and staff with ample opportunities for error anyways. I used to volunteer in the pharmacy. We'd get an order for a medication. We'd fill and then label that medication. It would then go into a bin on a cart, one bin for each department in the hospital. The cart would go out, and the bins would get delivered. The medication would then be stocked in the department using a slightly different setup for each department. Then the nurses would have their own individual processes for getting that medication, taking it to the patient and then delivering it to them. An EHR is _one_ very small part of successfully performing this complicated ballet. > I don't believe in the government obliging businesses to do things. Yea, but I'm a big fan of regulated food, clean water and pollution standards. Upholding your obligations is a requirement to receiving the protection of the government as you conduct your business. It's a two-way street. > Especially when it looks like this whole thing is Google specific. The better question is whether Google is acting as a monopoly in the regulated domain or not, if they are -- then this isn't a relevant factor. > What about all the other American companies doing business in China? We'll get to them eventually.. but why shouldn't we go after the biggest business first? Wouldn't that provide the greatest reduction in harm? > Or would this be a government mandate of a broad based American pull out? There are already plenty of laws which make transacting business in China more difficult for US based companies. It's not as if it's laissez faire except for Alphabet Inc. > Once government gets involved and starts playing favorites I don't disagree, but you haven't made a sufficient case that "favorites" are being played or that other factors aren't more prevalent. > Don't give me any bullshit excuses for continuing Then don't act as if this is sufficient reasoning. Any one of these people or the entire department could quit, and you and I both know it would be re-staffed inside of a month. > named for this scene from the children's movie. Which should be a strong hint as to it's merit in the real-world. You shouldn't have to look very deeply into our society to see where the problems of this mentality lay; in fact, whole other works of fiction and non-fiction alike have been created just to highlight this precise fact. > the IT security team would sometimes seed the parking lots with thumb drives that were "infected" with a program that would phone home to them if plugged into a PC on the corporate network. Which is clever, but given the current level of small scale integration you could just as easily hide the same exploits inside of a charging cable, a USB fan, or really any other small-form factor USB-pluggable gadget. The problem isn't them discriminating between "hacked" and "non-hacked" devices -- it's them plugging _anything_ non work related or issued into their USB ports. > less than 5c for more serious journalism. I have always hated this idea. It turns the editorial role into a search engine optimization role and I can only see journalism as a whole suffering for it. I work in broadcast where we still have a sales staff and do manual placement of our advertising in our content. I honestly don't understand what would be wrong with this model. Larger websites are entirely capable of hiring a sales and traffic departments, selling advertisements to clients directly, and then placing and trafficing those advertisements directly from their own website. In my mind, this would net them a larger share of the profits, completely disable ad-blocking on their site, and relieve editors from having to generate populist content to keep their jobs. Also, I wouldn't have to attach some new kind of payment account to my web-browser. > What frustrates me is the tendency to use technology to replace humans beings. It's a huge cost center, and the amount of labor required to operate a farm is considerably less than what it has been in the past. It seems like the major bottleneck is harvesting, packaging and shipping the majority of your product to market, it's a natural place to look for gains. The moneymakers are the landholders anyways. > Then you don't know how to solve the shortcut in jobs. Most harvesting work is done on a "piece work" system. These aren't jobs that have any future in them because there are absolutely no skills required and no reason for an employer to develop them and they're highly seasonal. > Couldn't we just slow down tech a little bit and let people do some good old hard work to keep getting their cut? There may be cases where this is true, but when the labor is literally "just pulling food out of the ground and putting it in a box" I don't think the use of technology is an inherent problem. > In terms of user experience I would expect the car to continue to the destination. I ultimately hope this is a question answered by legal standards rather than by "user experience." If we're requiring drivers to be present even in autonomous cars, then they need to pull over and possibly take other alerting actions. > The commenter discussing the use of sensors to detect the state of the driver and act accordingly makes more sense. Are they asleep or merely in a diabetic coma? Can we tell? If we can't, should we even try this? Ultimately, I'm really concerned about this line: "Improvements in this case meant altering night-shift protocol to have two safety drivers instead of one." Humans may be bad drivers, I'd say a good look at the data would suggest otherwise; even so, the lesson for Waymo should be "Humans are also bad engineers." It's just slightly[1] more complicated than that. [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Curveball_(informant) > they need to recognize the role that luck played into their original product and design. That's a strong lesson I've learned in life. Successful people _rarely_ know the precise reasons that they are successful, almost exactly for this reason. You may be aware of many of the components of your success, but you won't be aware of all of them and it will be impossible for you to rank their importance correctly. Keep this in mind when successful people talk about their success and offer suggestions on how to replicate it. > But do you have an alternative model ready? All I want them to do is to stop using third-party companies to serve ads from unknown sources. If they're willing to traffic their own advertisements from their own servers, then I'm much less able or likely to block their advertisements. I'm not mad at their model, I'm mad that the web is so absurdly vulnerable. I tried this and it stopped the pump and required me to get the cashier to re-enable it. I had to pump the rest of my gas in a second transaction. > Anyone care to shed some light? I'm honestly not trying to be flip, but as far as I've figured out the process goes 1) Find a Law firm on K street that specializes in this. 2) Pay them. > have never actually driven a vehicle on the road. More importantly, have never driven a _variety_ of vehicles down the road. I ride a motorcycle, it's clear most of these plans have no concept of what that's like. > So sure in theory batteries with more surface area would have greater package efficiencies. There's way more to a battery than just density; however, one of the things that needs to be managed is the heat generated during charging. There might be a case to be made for slightly suboptimal packaging strategies if it makes cooling all those cells that much easier. > This is HILARIOUS to see after the thousands and thousands of negative articles and press over the last year. I wouldn't hold your breath just yet, the last quarter posted a loss, the one before a gain, and the one before that was a loss. Tesla is showing some signs of long-term capability here, but they're far from out of the woods and into a complete success story. > and everything else that needs to be run at startup in /etc/profile. Those are unmanaged services, if they crash for any reason, they won't be restarted? For embedded use cases this is probably fine, but for desktop it is a problem. > In that world, the dependencies are easily expressable in the shell script itself [...] It feels very much in line with the Unix philosophy. This is why I use runit and let the program determine it's own dependencies. If it fails to start, runit will try again in 1 second... forever. This actually works great in practice, but it does present a problem for "on-demand" services. They can still be built, but I've always avoided them for the problems they present. For typical 'inetd' applications, I find ucspi-tcp to be an ideal solution for everything else I try to find some reasonable compromise which for most of the cases where I need a true managed set of services is very rare. > and retaining all of the baggage from that when it became a personal OS? It's worse in my mind, they're pantomiming the competition which seems to be a complete misunderstanding of the platform they're using. > Especially when one of you has a much shorter time to market thanks to no FDA oversight. They're fundamentally different markets, though. The device manufacturer is out to turn a profit on hardware, the open source programmer is out to improve their own individual experience. Why should the second individual be subject to FDA oversight? I mean, I'm glad the FDA exists, but their function is to regulate the overall market -- not make it harder for me to make my _own_ healthcare decisions. You don't need to.. you have a reference standard and a mechanical means of comparison. Now we're not quibbling over the multitude of interpretations but over a single repeatable test and a single output number. The criminal standard is "beyond a reasonable doubt." The state is going to have to present a lot of facts to overcome the doubt introduced by this evidence. Our Justice system is designed to see to justice, it's not there to make sure every single criminal is punished. > Well, not having the driver's phone number is good. There is no need to actually give out the drivers phone number, Uber could easily have an 800 number that when called would prompt you for a case or ticket number generated by the app and then would provide you with options for anonymously connecting to your driver or a customer support agent. > Should the driver drive for free to return your jacket? When I drove cabs, we would take lost items back to the shop. If they were called for we might deliver them to you for free if it was really slow, but we would usually just charge you a regular fare from the shop to where you wanted it. Otherwise, you could come down to the shop and claim it in person. > Do you think another passenger will understand and be forgiving that their ride is 10 minutes late because of your situation? If you lost the item, I think the primary concern is that you actually get it back not how timely it is. Clearly you'll just have to wait until the driver is free and pay the fare to get the item back to where you are currently. > They're more ... human, maybe I think both systems of units typical cases are dominated by human factors. Anecdotally, humans tend to use one of three scales for their preferred choice of measurement and they tend to be smaller-than-human, human, larger-than-human. For example, the km. I see mm, m and km used quite often.. but the other bases are almost never used. A prime case for this is "what is the distance to the sun?" If you're going to round your answer then the most concise form is 150 Gm, yet most people will still say something like "150 million km" which is unnecessarily long and non-canonical, but is much more familiar to the human mind and makes comparisons to everyday experiences much simpler. You can see this factor occur with just about every other metric base unit, even though the conveniently prefixed part of the system would be "better" for all technical definitions. Just as easily you could use imperial units and just overlay the metric prefix and scaling rules on top of them and it would be no more or less accurate or better than the metric system of units. > Use them all you like. I won't. I use whatever is convenient or common for the application.. if it gets complicated or I need a conversion, I use a unit-system aware language or environment to do my calculations. It really obviates the importance of the choice of unit and allows you to think about the fundamental problem more clearly along with many other benefits including conversion of units at any stage of calculation. > C++ literally everything else that makes up the burger. "Oh, you wanted mayo on your burger? We can do that, but you also have to have mustard. Don't worry, you won't have to pay for it.. but it's going to be in there." > every time a new version is released. Exactly, which was 2 updates in 2017 and 2 updates in 2018; Microsoft isn't even attempting to play in the same ballpark as their competitors.. which is doubly frustrating every time Windows 10 tries to convince me that edge is better and that I should give it a try. > Why is everyones reaction to put {executive} in jail? Because the current set of disincentives to act in this way are not adequate, and we further recognize that this is not a new problem. > but what is the rational behind putting people in jail? I think the hope is that these people will see the oversized punishment and avoid taking jobs in government service that seem to be taken exclusively to benefit their own agendas rather than to perform any public service. > what makes this any better? It actually stands a chance of modifying the behavior of the target group. It's a disincentive that they almost certainly don't want to face, as opposed to drug addicts who see it as a temporary inconvenience to their _addiction_. Are you suggesting that these executives are suffering from an addiction issue? > so why is that the biggest reaction to stuff like this? Because we've been watching this happen over and over again for years and we're sick of it being an issue. It's an over-reaction to be sure, but it's well justified given our history of failures here. I'd rather they be lost forever than give anyone an idea of where the keys might be used. It's true that we do alter our speech to provide context clues, it is also true that without them we're _still_ capable of piecing them together. If someone says in a unnaturally drawn out way "I like peanut butter sandwhiches" then I will have no problem detecting the situation and then re-parsing it correctly. > Vaping looks to be a lot more effective way of delivering high doses of nicotine than cigarettes. That's one segment of the market. The store I go to mixes everything on site, so I can choose my nicotine level. You can get anywhere from 0mg to 24mg in 3mg increments. When I was quitting smoking, I'd say 18-21 was the closest to a "cigarette" level. Today I typically vape 6mg, simply because I enjoy the benefits of nicotine and see no immediate reason to quit. I have also helped many stores get setup in my county and most of the pre-made vape juice for the "mod" market that they sell comes in either 0mg or 6mg concentrations; and from my shopping at the wholesaler, this seems to be the vast majority of the market overall and outside of products like JUUL. > but if they want to call it 6G or 7G I don't really care, As someone who never buys phones from their carrier, I _do_ actually care. Accurate labeling of your standards is a requirement in this marketplace, I feel. > AT&T says these changes to the LTE network are being calling "5Ge": Which is, to me, intentionally dishonest. It's 4G+, if anything. > From my laymans POV It's just so much more complicated than that. There is an additional huge array of variables like introns[1] and exons[2]. There's also the fact that not all base pairs encode even for genes, there's things like tRNA[3] and ribosomes[4] and the super amazing ribozymes[5]. Even after all that you have specific DNA binding factors[6] that along with the insane machinery[7] of our DNA regulate which base pairs are even exposed or copied into proteins or other cellular products. Our genetic code is far more complex than just being "genetic codes." And we're still uncovering more layers of complexity and self-reference[8] the closer we are capable of looking. [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intron [2]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exon [3]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transfer_RNA [4]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ribosome [5]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ribozyme [6]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DNA-binding_protein [7]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Regulation_of_gene_expression [8]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RNA_world > For example, why do I need the splat on the list? You don't on the RHS, or rather, it's redundant in the given example. On the LHS you need it to prevent single element capture.. and within the ruby language, it's a fairly consistent sigil. Due to the way the engines are mounted on the frame, which enhances their efficiency, they also cause more of a "upward thrust vector." This makes it very easy for this plane to reach dangerously high AOA in certain scenarios, particularly during turns. The MCAS has a specific and important function and just turning it off is probably not going to increase safety. The real problem was the Boeing did not disclose the existence of this device and it's functions in aircraft training, according to one source, because they did not want to inundate new pilots with too much information about the plane and it's attendant safety systems. Perhaps, had the pilots known, they would have seen the stick shaker/stall warning system activating on _one side only_ as a serious indication of an Airspeed/AOA system fault and the potential for incorrect MCAS outputs being generated. They might have known to disable the electronic trim control, bypassing the MCAS, and then to manually fly and trim the plane with the aforementioned thrust vectoring taken into consideration. They could have trained for this. That would have all given them the best safety margin for survival here. > the obviously correct thing to do is for the computer to disable MCAS and put up a warning light. The only problem with that is that problems rarely happen isolation, and you have to consider whether the pilots are going to notice the warning in the midst of several others and if they are going to give it the appropriate priority and consideration while flying. > Think of how a human would react That's exactly it, though.. look at Air France 447. The system automatically disabled itself and put the plane into an "alternative law." All automatically. The pilots did _not_ notice this, and still flew the plane into the ocean even though they had several minutes to work the problem. It's not that simple. > Even applying the stick shaker is confusing to the pilots and dangerous. All evidence to the contrary. The stick shaker is an amazing safety device because it demands priority of consideration. It's not going to get lost in the noise of a degrading cockpit. Seriously, go listen to some cockpit voice recorders of a disaster.. it's never what you would expect. > What am I missing? First hand experience with corruption? > Now the high end seems to have fallen out and you're maybe lucky to get half of that. Barely. I do lots of work with growers.. the sweet spot for a pound these days is $600 to $850, depending on quality. On top of that, transaction volumes are increasing too.. before you could make a deal on a handfull of pounds, now purchasers are interested in buying a "box" or a hundred pounds at a time. > but "intelligence" less so I don't think there's any problem measuring intelligence, where we've traditionally run into issues is where we start to make policy or social decisions using this data without understanding it's subtleties. I think Jordan B Peterson has a good classroom video segment[1] on this problem. [1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jSo5v5t4OQM > Lobbying isn't inherently bad, you know. With the current set of laws in the US, it pretty much is. Also, congress needs Janitors.. but we don't excoriate ourselves over the impossibility of getting that work done, we just hire and pay a janitor for their work. With the DNC and RNC raking in so much money every year, I find it amazingly hard to believe that they're lacking for expert advice. > So you hire a lobbyist who has a closer relationship with the congress person Off the cuff, I am of the opinion that this is the root of the problem. We live in 2019, not 1819.. it's simply _not_ that hard for a congressperson to be "in touch" with their constituency. > and convince them why passing this particular law is a good idea. I don't want them _convinced_ I want them to be _informed_. There's a huge difference. > I think you will find that just as many good laws were the result of a lobbyist Yea, it _can_ work.. but we _should_ we rely on that? I would say given the high-mindedness of those who founded this country and the set of laws the left us, the answer should be a resounding "No." > How am I supposed to allow connections to this device in my firewall if the address is always changing? You don't. That's what ESP/AH with PKI is for. > it can run in 'stealth' mode In a low-noise environment, sure; this technique surely blows the SNR through the floor. Plus, being an OFDM signal you're probably going to lose all reception while the device is in motion. Several issues with this idea: 1) On the open ocean, what is there to even avoid? In the harbor, you often don't have a choice; the harbor master is going to _require_ you to pick up a harbor pilot who is rated and certified for the harbor you'll be in and they must be in command of the ships steering and propulsion in order for your ship to even enter their waters. 2) Only 20% of the global merchant fleet is dedicated to shipping. The two other major types of ships, tugs and passenger ships make up most of the rest and neither of these are exactly suited to this technology. 3) Over 50% of the ships in use right now are more than 15 years old. Yea, a new one is _only_ $200 million, but that washes over the real economic picture of ship ownership and maintenance and the likely market for this product. 4) Most ships are not giant Maersk style super-container ships, so staffing reductions aren't likely to be a huge win here, if at all. Ships already run with the _minimum_ crew necessary, usually determined by already established maritime laws and agreements. 5) Microphones and pictures are nice, but ships have actual radar; why not just use that and skip all the fancy "sensor fusion" and off-brand retrofitting? > as it addresses most of your questions. Vaguely suggesting that three different companies are separately attacking different parts of the problem in a very narrow area of the world with special permits and no collective breakdown of their efforts, their progress or their potential benefits didn't seem to effectively address anything nor does it support it's own headline. The headline was my main beef; but, we could get into the fact that the two most common maritime insurance claims are for weather damage and theft.. striking submerged objects is also a very common one, which is why harbors require skilled pilots with continual testing to bring boats in and out of those waters. I'm still very much suspicious of these "bolt-on" AI businesses and all the uncritical hype that surrounds them. > Although I am not sure how it actually plays out in practice. There are exceptions, in established shipping (and a few other types of) channels, the sailboat does _not_ have right of way. Also, when sailboats are using their motors for power they are considered motorboats and the special right of way no longer applies. It is also very rare to see a sailboat under sail power in a harbor and large commercial ships are always manually piloted in a harbor. > the doctor himself said "sad to see you don't support our business". That I would want to question him about. Does he mean that the medical service is the loss-leader and that he gets a kickback off our purchase of eyewear? This is something I always ask people with those little "camera blockers" attached to their laptops: "How do you block the microphone?" and "Which is worse? Recording video of you all day, or recording audio of you all day? > where the people are FINALLY going to have to pay for those roads the government’s been giving away for free for so long. The article also makes the annoying case that there are those who live in apartments and dwellings that have to pay for parking by code, but don't use that parking because they don't drive; however, this entirely fails to take into account the effect on the city as a whole. Parking and road access isn't about individuals, it's about making an entire metropolitan area functional. While these people may not drive and thus are seemingly cheated out of tax money, I have to ask, where do they get their groceries and other goods? How do they expect medical services to reach them in an emergency? How do they expect commerce to occur within an arms reach but at reasonable prices? We all pay for the roads because we all use them, whether we as individuals own a vehicle or not. Perhaps. It might be worth nothing that Louisville has a bunch of pharmaceutical companies operating there. > they were eventually filled Which may or may not be true, but what you really want to know is what is the total value of property there vs. the total value of loans issued against it. If they were only able to fill it by exploiting favorable central bank policies, all they've done is kick the can down the road. I hate to be this off topic, but also 'Heist' is a great movie which features a lot of social engineering and exploitation tactics to drive the plot. > Why do we have a system that says justice was served? Because it was. There was a criminal investigation, it was processed judiciously, and as a result the man was cleared and released. None of this was based upon a _single_ piece of evidence, but multiple facts that supported each other. The only "injustice" I can detect is that he wasn't bailed out while waiting for a trial.. but the article suspiciously doesn't touch on that subject, so I have nothing to go on there. > It’s cruel and unfair. If he has a civil issue with his employer or with the state or it's officers, then that's a separate question and he absolutely has the right to pursue it for remedy if he chooses. > This dragnet police tactic will scoop up more bystanders and probably convict more than a few innocents as well. You make it sound as if the police _only_ used location data to make this case and the arrest. The article shows that they didn't and further shows that the actual murderer had used Mr Molina's car to commit the murder. It's nothing like what you describe. > but not require declaring an emergency? Having an emergency condition and declaring one on frequency are two entirely different things. By declaring an emergency you're more or less taking control of all surrounding airspace and doing whatever is necessary to achieve a safe resolution of your flight, the tower and ATC both become bound by your declarations as an emergency flight. If your flight controls aren't damaged, you have enough fuel and/or aren't leaking any, and you're capable of flying the standard arrival pattern it may not be necessary to declare the emergency to gain the privileges above. A question I'm too amateur to resolve on my own is what if the Big Bang simply created two universes? One made primarily of "matter" and the other made of "anti-matter?" What if the big bang was simply a Casimir event? The particles should have collided and annihilated, but didn't? The result being two new universes pulled into existence by the sudden inversion of entropy? PDF is the EMACS of file formats. > Radio antennas or telescopes could work too Antennas are vulnerable to noise, anyone with enough effective radiated power placed near enough to it can nudge it one direction or another. > except for maybe the surface of the sun Perhaps, but overall the Sun follows 22-year cycles. [1] [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solar_cycle > Airports can land a plane every minute. During peak times this is true, but the ramp is still a huge bottleneck for overall capacity at most airports. Listen to the ground control frequency at a busy airport like JFK for a good example of this. > like 2.4ghz 2.4GHz is in the ISM band, and 47 CFR 15.247 specifically covers devices that use this range. Provided you stay within the specified limits, you have an implied license to use the band for those purposes. > But Soph’s popularity raises another, perhaps more difficult question, about whether YouTube has an obligation to protect such users from themselves — and one another. It's nice to see a publication so seriously grapple with the issues of free speech in the digital age. :| We license engineers and many other similar professions.. perhaps we need an "executive" license, complete with certifications and standards and a long "journeyman's training" period before we trust you with the massive amount of power, both real and abstract, that can come with one of these positions. We may never be able to hold them criminally liable with much success, but we could much more easily invalidate their license and prevent them from holding any similar position for a very long time. Which, for some reason, seems far more just than simply jailing and possibly fining them. > There is no distinction here. Yes there is. The question is now "how does MSFT decide _who_ gets the right to repair their devices?" If it's a reasonable and non-discriminatory process, then that might be fine, if they're arbitrarily deciding, then that's likely an issue the FTC _should_ investigate. > I don't understand what is interesting about this Maybe you've never done remote support with an individual who is not particularly skilled with computers, but as someone who has, this is exactly the kind of tool you'd want at your disposal. > perhaps you would also enjoy the router admin interface emulators of TP-Link Yes! With CPS it seems like you have to build and then instrument a lot of additional machinery (CPSMath.pow, seriously?) and occasionally turn your code inside out (the loop completion example) in order to rarely get a more convenient way to extend certain types of computations. The author also seems to lay the fact that Javascript is often implemented in an odd way in browsers (the iframe complaint) to find fault with the entirety of the concept of Promises in general, which doesn't seem appropriate to the discussion here. Finally.. he suggests that CPS shows it's power in a "probabilistic programming language" that executes blocks of code in a random order. Perhaps I shouldn't judge an author by their contents, but I think this author is so in love with the idea of CPS that he can't see how ugly and mostly mismatched it's implementations are. > That is a huge step function to try to absorb. It is a bit on the Heaviside, isn't it? I'll show myself out. > Can someone elaborate as to why Wolfram’s insufferable? My own belief, based on work I did in the 1980s, is that it’s actually an intrinsic youthful genius phenomenon—analogous to the insufferability one sees in my rule 34 cellular automaton. Maybe I'm showing my age, but I honestly don't understand what's "anti-poor" or "anti-homeless" or "ableist" about this design? To me, it can only seem this way if you see fare evasion as a natural right of the citizens. Am I a curmudgeon, or is the level of concern shown in the article a legitimate thing? > Neither the connector itself nor the implementation are innovative. This is a market innovation, not a technical one. > I can tell you traffic lights are extremely insecure. All municipal infrastructure tends to be. It's usually implemented to a cost and security considerations are completely absent. You can bet that in any given city, all those street light control cabinets are keyed alike and the city has no true idea who has keys and who doesn't. This exact problem applies to so many domains it's literally for lack of effort that they haven't been exploited yet. > Can you write good code in any language, though? Yes, absolutely. > At least, good enough? I think the better question is, can you write good code in a particular language and still make deadline? > extensively tested C networking code still has security vulnerabilities Are you familiar with Daniel J Bernstein? > the best C code isn't good enough Are you sure _you've_ seen the _best_ code? Are you sure you understood the constraints of those writing that code when you evaluated it? > I'd say good code meets deadlines I'm trying to say there's an obvious compromise between the two, which explains the wide spectrum of code quality. > I don't know what motivates someone to be so psychopathically obsessed with invading other people's privacy, stealing their property, and even ruining their lives. It's because the system is setup to reward them for a 0.1% success rate. These people don't see themselves as invading your privacy, they see themselves as climbing the DEA ladder. > doesn't appear as a batteries included thing until 40+ years after Unix appears 64kB of RAM in 1980: $405. $1,335 if you adjust for inflation. 64GB of RAM in 2020: $175. In my mind, that has the most to do with it. Likewise it should be understood that the more complicated the coverup and the more detailed the lies, the more likely that cover story is to fall apart. Given the cooperation with the ESA and with the difficulties in grinding the main mirror, I find it far less likely that it was a platform gifted to NASA by an intelligence agency. > Why's it hard? That humans get distracted and often make mistakes is no surprise, it should also be obvious that the amount of risky behavior is correlated to the amount of _perceived_ risk in any given situation, which is probably why so many are "a simple crash." It is, however, somewhat scary that a machine that has nothing else to do other than to drive the car as safely as possible still makes these "dumb" mistakes. I've never used the pens and only use a "mod" with nicotine base mixed with 50% VG/PG at a local shop and haven't had any issues. In fact, I use my rescue inhaler far less since I've started vaping, which I only picked up after 3 years of being unable to quit the nicotine lozenges I originally used to quit cigarettes. All the recent fear aside, I think we can form and do deserve a well regulated market for these products. > encryption of content is going to hurt hunting CEP. Aren't we putting the cart before the horse? The problem is the exploitation of children, the secondary problem is that this exploitation is sometimes photographed and shared. I don't believe that a strong solution the latter problem will have any impact on the former. There was this bug: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pentium_F00F_bug > And they're not "liable" for cutting power to prevent fires. State granted monopolies must serve the public good. If, as a broadcaster, I just can't manage to keep our transmitter on -- we're going to lose our license to someone who can. Either PG&E needs to explain why they can't do appropriate line maintenance or needs to have their lines put up for bidding. Is my telephone an "information service" because it has 411? > I believe the number one cause of death for Americans under the age of 30 is traffic accidents. Traffic accidents are not included in the "accidental death" category, and haven't been for as long as I've been looking. From page 2 of the full report[0]: "For example, Malignant neoplasms of the trachea, bronchus and lung (lung cancer) and Motor vehicle accidents are not rankable causes of death (see “Procedures for ranking causes of death”), although they can be identified using the standard mortality tabulation lists. If these causes were included in the current rankings, lung cancer would be placed among the 10 leading causes of death with a rank of 6th, whereas Motor vehicle accidents would rank 13th." It's not even close to being #1, for any age group. More people die from suicide every year than from car accidents. Please also keep in mind that 1 out of every 6 traffic fatalities in the United States was a pedestrian. [0]: https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nvsr/nvsr68/nvsr68_06-508.pdf > Storing encryption keys or the like in flat text files is surprisingly hard, at least in C. Storing keys (or other binary) data is _exceptionally_ easy with C. What's hard is _multiplexing_ it with other data in the same file, but you probably don't need to: some.config: keyfile=/some/path/to/just/the/key RF and the Atmosphere being what they are and the non-variable parts of this equation mean there are significant real physical and abstract legal limits for any project attempting to put "bandwidth in orbit." > billions upon billions of dollars to basically put a large 1 MP sensor at the end of a tube with a digital radio for communications. That's such a gross over-simplification of what the Hubble platform is and what it is capable of that it annoys me. First, there are _six_ scientific sensor packages on the Hubble craft. These have been swapped out and upgraded several times during its life with a process that allowed us to bring the failed instruments back to surface and study them. Second, it's not just scientific instruments.. the Hubble is one of the few satellites to have a fine guidance system, that allows it to lock onto and then _track_ with extreme precision exceptionally distant objects. The newer JWST is the only other telescope with similar capabilities. This system has also been upgraded during the several servicing missions that were a planned part of the entire mission, which is another reason the initial costs were so high. This is an exceptionally advanced program to launch one of the most advanced scientific instruments we created up to that point. Finally, I think it's also worth pointing out that Hubble was launched into orbit over 29 years ago and it's still working.. which is incredibly impressive considering it has to transit between Earth's shadow and direct sunlight every 47 minutes. This thing is as _far_ from "a 1MP sensor at the end of a can attached to a radio" as you can possibly get. By the way, we could have made it larger.. but congress wanted to keep the price under $100 million. (Or about $201 million in Today's dollars). > We could launch not only an equivalent, but technologically improving payload every month? If all you're doing is making phone calls and routing packets, sure. If you're trying to do legitimate astrophysical science it seems almost an entirely worthless attribute. > We have no idea what's about to happen in the next decade. I think your reasoning is exactly backwards. We only launched highly specific and purpose built scientific instruments because it was the only thing _worth_ doing with our previous limited and highly government subsidized launch activities. There was simply no way to commercialize those launches, and now that we entering an era where you easily can see long term value in them, you're simply going to see typical commercial activities and value realization behavior when they utilize this destination. It's absurdly predictable. > gene editing Gene expression is often tied to the environment the organism is in. Mere possession a gene isn't enough to benefit from it. Some expressions don't take effect immediately, but rather activate in subsequent generations. Epigenetics is a whole equally large layer on top of this system. A single-focus approach may not be sufficient, and even if it is, it's not likely to cope with environmental entropy very well. Proposition 13 is actually what causes this. The government has no choice. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1978_California_Proposition_13 > A very slippery slope that will not end well for anyone, An anti-trust case against an established monopoly is a slippery slope? I'm having trouble understanding the fear here. > I don't particularly care for the closed ecosystem but it does create security advantages Anyone can claim "security advantages" from their walled garden, there's nothing particular about their implementation that grants them any additional security. Further, there are plenty of instances where Apple has had to remove malware and violating apps well _after_ they had been released to the store so it's not entirely clear what the true advantage for the consumer is here. > and Apple is making efforts to protect users more so than greedy Corporate interests when it comes to data and privacy rights. Do you believe this is the only model? Why should the manufacturer of my computer have any reason to be "protecting my privacy." Why are they involved in that discussion in the first place? Advantages with a price. The macros in the original code most all seem to be constants and very few functions, so I'm not sure what the power of Rust's macros buys here. I don't see a lot of difference between LT(3, KC_TAB) and [TAB &LT{3}] Both are "magical". Likewise, I can also understand the layout precisely by looking at the C code. To understand the Rust code, I have to assume what layer! and r! are doing, or I have to inspect them to make that determination. I'm _sure_ Rust has advantages in certain situations, I'm not sure this is a great example to display that. > At work I use Vivado As an enthusiast, that's what I use too.. also on my home Linux system. The tooling is generic enough that you can actually instrument a build system with Makefiles and the Vivado command line programs. If you have the right FPGA board you can also instrument the bitstream upload as well. I do most of my development like any other programming language and never have to touch the custom GUIs. > Or we could make all of that illegal I don't see a good way to do that, at least.. a way that's practical to actually enforce. As it is, the FTC is fairly toothless and is better at offering guidelines than policing. > as it does in every field except for the web Well.. that's just because they have dedicated account executives and sell advertising through a combination of direct solicitation and much smaller amount of "walk-in" business, that's not practical for all creators or formats. > Web is the one weirdo market with tracking. This has always been the holy grail for advertising, the other industries put up with statistical "audience modelling" only because they have to; however, working in one of those 'other fields' I can tell you.. our account executives will take as much direct tracking data as they can get. e.g. "Have you installed our Radio App?!" > Make that illegal and it will be good like all the other markets. I feel like we lost the fight a long time ago.. I remember when the 'Flash Blocker' plugin was a great tool. Unfortunately, too many modern sites are entirely reliant on JS in a way they never really were for Flash and the idea of using 'Script Blocker' that's on by default makes navigating the web exceptionally difficult. It's too bad, because it's probably the right solution.. why should the sites we visit have the right to execute programs on my computer by default? > I wish there was some way to opt out of this. In California, there sort of is. First: you can register _two_ addresses with the DMV. One is your "mailing address" and is what is shown on your ID and gets sold with dumps like this, the other is your "residence address" and is a little bit more protected. If someone tries to run your plate number through any civilian system, they're only going to get your "mailing address" and NEVER your "residence address." Second: you can get a "Private Mailbox" service. PMBs are really useful in their own right, but with USPS rules you CANNOT send unsolicited or bulk mail to these addresses. The USPS keeps a database and is very good about filtering these off. So: Get a PMB and use it as your "mailing address." This will keep the marketers one step away from your real information and will prevent large amounts of spam from reaching you. Most PMBs have a "forward when full" or "forward on schedule" service, where they'll empty your box for you and then forward all of that to whatever address you provide them. I've been doing this for 10 years now and it's been fantastic. > I still get bulk junk mail. I could have been more clear.. you can still get "junk mail" but you shouldn't be getting "pre-sorted bulk mail." The latter typically comes addressed to "RESIDENT or CURRENT OWNER" or something similar, which is a fair amount of standard junk, but also catalogs, coupon books, weekly shopping flyers and phone books. Those items are typically mailed using the pre-sorted bulk rate, which is not available for PMBs and a few other types of addresses. Anyone can just send regular rate mail to a PMB and that can obviously be "junk" or "unsolicited commercial" mail, so there are no special restrictions in that sense, but compared to my prior residential mail volume my PMB only receives about 10% the amount of "junk" that I used to endure. > and some people who should not get them now won't (which is good) It checks a box. Whether or not the long term result is actually positive or "good" for that individual seems far less clear, particularly if your plans only extend as far as cutting off their supply. > but the correct balance is deeply unclear, and unlikely to be determined in the middle of a moral panic. I feel like drug abuse is indicative of other more serious underlying problems, and unless you address those, you're just shifting problems from one domain to another. > Yes, but then the disabled individuals would have been mentally traumatized. This is absolutely backwards, as it is based upon the presumption that disabled individuals are so fragile that they cannot face any adversity or be "traumatized." That's just reverse-discrimination, and it's just as damaging as outright discrimination. > Companies shouldn't avoid doing things just to avoid negative press. Companies aren't going to arrange themselves along moral lines, we've seen this failure too many times to think it's a possible or even desirable goal. Negative press is a useful tool and is simply reflective of our societies attitudes and morals. I'm perfectly fine with companies using "negative press" as a bellwether for internal policy. > They're providing a service for the people. ...and those people _willingly_ decide if they want to use it or not. > rather than learning from scratch. The idea of a medical equivalent to a "script kiddie" is a somewhat amusing mental image, though. That's why I like DBJs method. You still use a command line program, but you pass a filehandle that the authentication data can be read from.. this seems much safer than trying to parse and re-format that data as an intermediary. Also avoids any data leaks through the often unprotected 'cmdline'. Is there some technical reason OpenBSD doesn't do this? > This is especially true as JSON-the-standard (RFC7159) is horribly underspecified Normally.. you would hope that the great test system built in to go would benefit stdlib upgrades like this and allow you do them more easily and with greater confidence.. but if what you're implementing suffers from this, then you pretty much stuck locking yourself into specific implementations rather than general specifications. > but it's definitely in the Good Enough category "Two steps forward, one step back" sums up how I feel about Go. It's still my favorite user-mode language, though. > even file criminal charges against individuals? Usually it would be recommended to FBI for legal review, and if they find that laws were broken, then referred to the DOJ for prosecution. > we see over and over comments of the "omg no criminal charges" If you committed a crime, whether violent or financial, then you should be prosecuted. It's disheartening to see government lawyers give away the candy store every time just so they can secure a "quick" negotiation and move on with their jobs. Unless people have _real_ disincentives to break the law.. guess what? They're just going to break the law and hide behind their money for as long as we let them. This needs to change or we're going to experience the 1930s again. I've faced similar issues.. it's almost impossible to do it directly on your own, unless you have enough business to get a real account representative. This is why there are tons of third-party companies that are run by ex-employees that will manage all of your AT&T billing and accounts for you. There was a one-time fee, but it was more than made up for in what we saved by consolidating and normalizing all of our accounts through them. It's annoying that I have to go through this extra hoop just to get reasonable service, but it's the only path I've discovered that doesn't make me want to tear my own eyeballs out at the end of the day. > It's a very naive view of how the world works Reporting costs money. If you can control the budget, then you can control which stories are prioritized and which aren't. If you own the paper, you can control the editorial section. Pretending that these tools can't be or aren't being used to influence the population is naive. To me, there's an irony in that "Zaphod Beeblebrox's kite harasses Tuscon." is not only _more_ memorable on it's own, but is probably a _better_ password than "ZBw3hHg1tFWdhdt?Hoh2hXcrZmn" Stop using passwords, just use a "pass sentence." My last few passwords at my previous employer: "Tim, bring me chicken #15" "Mary, stop looking at me!" "Nothing you can do about 2!" "The coffee here is gross." Seriously. Once I started thinking about flexbox the way I thought about QT GUI's it all started to click for me. Especially flex-grow being basically equivalent to BoxLayout's "stretch" I was able to easily make responsive "GUI-like" programs very quickly. I don't even bother with justify-content anymore, elements with flex-grow combined with min-width and max-width pretty much cover all my required "layout" use cases. > but they are now pivoting more for virtual meetings and business use it looks. I feel like they tried that before and a room full of literal flying penises ended that experiment just as quickly as it started. This is a little flip of me.. but, mostly because Nixon's administration wanted it that way. [0] [0] https://current.org/1979/02/the-nixon-administration-public-... > It is possible to add an override and train pilots accordingly. This was always possible. The reason Boeing didn't do it in the first place is because it would have required full retraining of all pilots.. the promise of the 737-MAX, at least from an airline perspective, is that you can take all your existing 737 pilots and put them through a much shorter cross-training program and immediately have highly qualified staff operating these planes in your fleet. Without this, the 737-MAX will have to be operated as any other entirely new aircraft. Boeing's mistake here really is manifold. > I used to think that highly competitive markets with low prices are the best They probably are.. but it's probably not wise to consider a market dominated by three players as "competitive." > Maybe an oligopoly with high profits and strong unions I also don't think "more monopoly" is the sensible conclusion. > and that it is not a simple answer. Why is "more government regulation" not even a part of your consideration? The article itself even hints at this, before deregulation a company like Boeing could exist and be profitable, but after deregulation it becomes beholdant to Wall Street. It seems pretty clear what the solution is. > That's probably good UX if your market target is first-time EV buyer's The F-150 FX4 truck I'm driving lately has a "sport mode" that completely changes the character of the acceleration and the "pedal feel" when driving. Why couldn't Mazda do the same thing? > many people aren't looking for fun in a car, and aren't interested in aggressive driving. I feel like those two factors aren't actually mutually inclusive. > cars is tuned to the characteristics the designers want, Why does that have to be the case? We allow customization and control of every other device in our lives, why not EV cars? > Wikipedia published information it received They lost that cover when they decided it would be a good idea to have an "insurance file." They're clearly willing to pick and choose _which_ information they pass on based upon what benefits _them_. > would you say the same about any journalistic organization? I would not, but then again, due to the above, I don't see them as a journalistic organization anymore. > and if they do the manufacturer cuts the high-density pre-digested feed of feature descriptions for the product Are you sure that's the case? Most descriptions of MAP I've seen incorporate a "shared" advertising budget that the manufacturer will stop paying if you don't abide by the MAP. This is a subtle but significant difference in actual implementation, further, while this may be acceptable under current federal law or at least the current interpretation they aren't the sole holders of anti-monopoly jurisdiction. > (for example, if sale below M.A.P. drops the bottom out of a market and kills an industry That's an incredibly long tail argument. How likely do you think is to actually happen? Is there any evidence this would occur? Is this endemic to all industry, or just to those who rely on these pricing agreements to hold market position? > Lastly I should mention that metallurgical coal as opposed to thermal coal is a necessary “evil” to smelt steel. It's worth pointing out that only about 7% of coal is used for metallurgical purposes. > being comfortable using interfaces and abstractions they don't fully understand. I don't think it was an interface or abstraction that got the user in trouble here, they were using a pair of systems in ways that were fine on their own, but combined led to an emergent vulnerability that they didn't even know to consider. It may be sheer pedantry but I really do see this as a unique "systems" issue, and this type of 'emergent' property between separate self-contained programs is fully within that domain. > If you have nothing but a wall to stare at for 12 hours a day, you may create something useful. No one in prison has 12 hours to just stare at a wall, being in prison is an involved affair. It's also presumptuous that prisoners are at all in a position to manage their time or availability. Further, even if they did have the time to just stare at a wall.. what quality of work would you honestly expect? No collaboration, no hope, no incentives. Sounds like misery to me. > Such a waste of society's resources and talent. Those resources don't _belong_ to society. They belong to the individual.