My favorite current series is "The stormlight archive". The world building is very good. I once seen one used in risk evaluation for line of credits From my perspective (not an American, but an Haitian) I think it's based on how much you trust the well meaning of the person behind it. The current social climate is very charged from an outside perspective as privilege is perceived being tied down to ethnicity (For us it is wealth which was correlated to skin color, but not so much nowadays). Our own translation 'nèg' is pretty much synonym to person or dude. and it is widely used. But it does not have much connotation to the actual skin color of the person or his physical appearance. But it is still very uncomfortable to hear the French 'nègre' as this has a widely demeaning connotation (French colonization and slavery). And I think that is why the actual restriction took place. If you're black and say the N word, it is unlikely to be demeaning, but if you're caucasian, there is a lot of past events that is not in your favor. P.S. not a native English speaker. I started using Dropbox paper for these. JIC I need to collaborate on one. I'm always confused by this one. Every hardware company has a monopoly on their stuff. Sony with their PlayStation is a prime example of this. I've never seen anyone says they want to run their own game on it. A lot of people here in my country would say no, that you're wrong. No mobile device for anything, physical presence and cash rule here. Finding good clients is also equally hard 45 minutes is the best for me. Long enough to get in the flow and short enough to not be lost in the flow. I did transition 2 years ago as I got a mac from my job and I was in mobile development. Within a few days I got productive with it although it took more than a year to accept "the mac way". My arch linux was fully customized with i3 and the like. I still miss tiling window manager this day. For me speed reading is more about building a mental model of what I'm currently reading. I was just a reading a light novel (very light reading) and I could skip over entire pages, because when you have that mental scene, skipping pages is like taking off your eyes of a movie for a few moments. You can easily recreate the missing context or read the parts over (akin to asking what you missed). I mostly do this for fiction book, as non-fiction are sometimes too dense to do this. Another trick is to focus on a specific word. Some words I can recognize with the corner of my eyes, I could say. Which means you predict what comes after, and you skip over it and focus on the next word you don't recognize. You go back if what you're predicted don't make sense to what you're currently reading. All of this is just for skimming. I don't read fiction to remember quotes and the likes, so I used it quite a lot there. I can read 2 or 3 books a day that way. While I can remember the majority of the story, I couldn't quote a single part of it. For serious books, I read more carefully, and I revert to subvocalizing, but I'm often done with the sentence with my eyes (using my short term memory) before I even subvocalize the first three words. So it's not really a hindrance, although I have found myself needing to reread a specific part as I otfen speed read over it. Pretty much this. Even if you lock down devices inside your house, they could have friends with looser rules to let them do whatever. It's best to teach them proper behavior than try to enforce them. I only use a few open tabs (3 on my mbp and 4 on my ipad). I only open tab with a specific goal in mind and close it as soon as I’m done. I started with XP with a pentium 2 then move to a pentium 4. It ran perfectly on both. It started even faster than my Linux Mint installation. They were in the start menu. Ads for software and games. There was that candy crush saga game for ages. I do a 6 too. And I can do all kind of imaginary stuff with that red star. Reading a book for me is basically the same as watching a movie. Every scene plays in 3D in my head. Every single scene. Which is why I don't read horror stuff. Too scary. English Tell that to my friends whose main softwares are chrome, office and vlc. Here in Haiti, it’s the electricity issue. If you’re lucky you can get electricity for 6 hour a day. In the middle of the night. That’s why people prefer portable stuff, because you can easily charge them somewhere else (in my native town, there are people that have setup charging stations with batteries and inverter). I once had to learn Perl to implement an algorithm for a proof of concept. It was weird as I was only used to C like programming (and a little bit of assembly) I'm currently using a mac mini 2011 that I got from free from work (it did not support newer xcode and mojave). I'm the only user and have Lychee, Jellyfin, Syncthing on it. Everytime I buy something (usually from Amazon US to Haiti), I had to review several products just to be sure I don't end up with a crap one. You have to buy the expensive one because of the better build quality. I have an two Sennheiser headphones that are still going strong (one is a renewed product) while my friends buying cheaper headphones have already spent more than me. I’d say trying to make a PWA with Push Notifications on iOS. Don’t you think that notifications and all the associated things are what pushing people to iOS? I just export my own website[0] from Bear.app [0]: https://hescaide.me/ The housing situation here is terrible and so fustrating. Due to how often little boys dirty their clothes a lot of them, especially in poor neighborhoods, go naked. And yes, no one bats an eye. Yesterday, I was debugging some code. I had 3 macvim windows, 3 iterm tabs, firefox and the simulator open. That’s just in one space. The others were general browsing, communication and media. As most as I love my iPad, it only works great for single and focused task (note taking, researching, video meeting, drawing,…) In French, it’s faster to say « Cent treize » than « Un, Un, Trois ». Phone numbers in my country are grouped by two. I barely have released the return key after typing mvim and the macvim window is already there. Even Sublime is not that fast. All of the areas you mentioned are heavily regulated. And do GPS require internet connection ? I heard you cannot remove the seatbelt. I can say there is only one or two in Haiti. There are a few fast food, but most people cook at home or only buy dinner out. Reading (mostly SF and Fantasy) Drawing (on an ipad air as buying art supplies is tiring and I’m not that good) I think it’s one of the standard architecture for games. You can do ECS or hierarchical objects any times you need to build a lot of similar objects. It was a long road. I was always interested in crafting things and a curious child. My father has many books and I got interested in the ones about tech and such. But what really helps me is being capable of understanding the theory without the practice. We didn’t have any computer or access to the internet, but I was able to retain a lot of informations from my reading. The actual path started when they bought a laptop for my brother for the university. It came with Windows 2000 and we paid a guy to install XP on it. I quickly became friends with him and learn how to install Windows myself and all the things that it entails. So when one of my close friend had his own laptop, I was mostly the one tinkering with it as I was the “computer expert” in the neighborhood. Then I stumbled into Blender (I was interested in visual arts) then Python after I learnt about the Blender Game Engine. One of the forums that did help me was “Le site du zero”. I was not that good in english and it was one of the best French forums for beginner. I learned Python, then C with their programs. Another good forums was “Comment Ca Marche.net”. They had this program that was basically a wiki with an overview of all the major aspects of computer science. I went to do an electronic engineering degree. But the major time was spent learning more about computers, programming languages, and software engineering. I volunteered for a few projects (one of them got me a personal laptop). But my first paying job was through a friend and with that I realized that I could do it part time to earn some good money. That’s when I signed on Upwork and since then, I’ve worked on several projects that earned me more money than I could have made locally. The journey was more eventful than that, but I think that captures the gist of it. I’m still working as a freelancer. It can get a little bit lonely (I work from home) but I don’t mind as the country is not that stable (I live in Haiti). Streak. It was cheap and a one time purchase and I quite like the design. I also use Things for specific and granular tasks. I’ve also tried the morning/evening routine. It felt too stiff for me. Now I just write what happened during the day and how I feel about it. I write it in English for practice. It’s like letting go of the day’s emotional charge. I discovered linux through a couple of books (mostly about security) in 2008/2009. Then I downloaded linux mint (The gnome version). The only thing I recalled is how beautiful it was, all grey instead of the light beige and green of Windows XP. It felt like soft rubber button and XP felt like the clicky ones. And so many options. I spent days customizing KDE UltraSeedBox (Crappy Internet where I live) - Spotify - Infuse Pro - iCloud I paid yearly for the following: Bear - Drafts - PDF Viewer - 1Password - Playstation Plus - Banktivity - Email and Domains I live in Haiti and people here will readily buy a used Samsung phone for about $100 or a cheap Chinese one for less. Used iPhones can go for $300 or more. iPhone penetration is very low and most people only have the 6 and 7 one. Relevant article: https://www.oreilly.com/radar/thinking-about-glue/ Goodreads https://hescaide.me/ Works better than a resume if you're already communicating with a potential client. Also better when you want friends to refer you. Just don't. It's not worth it. Pretend it was cancelled Namecheap Private Email I don't think the metrics is always speed. I think it is efficiency (quality_of_work.hour). Same thing here. I'm on the iPhone 8 with a 83% battery capacity, and the upgrade would be big as you say. You have to speak it to be more confident. I’ve learned English on my own through books. But until I got my first gig and actively communicating with the client, the speaking part was subpar. You will quickly realize that you only use a small subset most of the time. And native speakers are very patient and helpful if you don’t know how to pronounce a word. N.B. (Speak Haitian Creole and French natively, speak English well and can survive on my own in a Spanish speaking country) I used a cheap silicone case because of the glass (iPhone 8). Without it, the phone just slide on almost anything. Non-Apple one? Things, Bear, Reeder, iA Writer and Doppler. Haiti here. WhatsApp took off because SMS was still not free and the providers were rent seeking. It was either send 10 sms or have 50mb for exchanging messages. People even got to learn how to share the binary when their Play store got outdated. Phone call is still used a lot because 3g networks reception varies and people still buy feature phones. But SMS is gone and a lot of people disabled notifications for it as it’s only used for ads by the provider (and it was a big issue with the government tried to run health campaigns there). The next one is telegram for movies and TV shows sharing (no theater here). So yeah, WhatsApp has a lot of appeal here and no one care about privacy. I’m the same. When I’m reading, it’s more like a silent with blurred shapes than me speaking in my head. A few friends say they can’t read subtitles while watching a movie. For me, they’re just an overlay to the scene until I grasp the meaning, kinda like you realized: This is a square and this is a circle. It makes reading more enjoyable as it feels like you’re in an holographic projection, but that can make some scenes quite disturbing. Me, smiling in Caribbean Are you asking for 3D specifically (based on the example you provide). I'm not a professional, but I'm learning digital painting. I use procreate on the iPad (It's way easier than connecting the graphic tablet to my computer) and I've made some good progress recently. I learned a bit about 3D, but did not really pursue as I got interested in programming instead. Yeah. It depends on the canvas size itself. I have the ipad air and 4000x4000px gives me 27 layers. But layer management is not the greatest thing on procreate and I rarely go over 6 Same, I have a bunch of games like Nier: Automata, Hellblade: Senua’s Sacrifice, Bloodborne, Control and I found that I can only play them on the weekend. After work, I can only play game like Dirt Rally, Trials Fusion and Apex Legends’ Arena. Where you don’t have to strategize that much and only rely on learnt reflexes. Anything that requires decisions or deciphering clues is impossible. I have a 2015 MBP but I rarely use it now. It was overheating and the battery swelled up (I’ve replaced the battery since). Now, I’m using the M1 mac mini as I freelance and no longer go to a coworking space. I have a 27 inch dell monitor (I don’t really like dual monitor), the Keyboardio Atreus (slightly wider space between the wrists and thumbs pressing shift and enter keys) and a trackball. Works fine for me as I do Web and Mobile development. I have a 2015 MBP and Docker performance was so bad that it was better to install Virtual box and set up a Linux VM, then run Docker inside it. Now I use a M1 Mac Mini and it is somewhat decent (Linux is still better though). But I've only used docker for very small infrastructures, so your experience may vary. I've been holding on buying a new laptop for a year now. I realized that I never work outside my home office and I have an iPad (with a keyboard) that I use for reading, light browsing and writing stuff. I'm only interested in a laptop as a backup (if I travel or need to work outside of the house). The M1 Mac Mini is plenty for my work (Web and mobile app development). When you get better at this kind of technically challenging game, there is a kind of flow that happens when you try to get better at previous challenge. The thinking is very minimal as you are only observing where you can improve. And it's a good feeling when you have indeed improved. Another thing I don’t like is managers sending you a notification for a meeting in 30 minutes, which throws your concentration out of the windows. Then finding out the reason of the meeting was because they have not read your status report. Or something that could have been answered in a couple of slack messages. And then it’s already 4pm and your work day ends at 5pm. Nice, but not required. I can share a joke fine over a phone call. Powerpoint is a Microsoft product. A better comparison would be Keynote Cry in Haiti If you want to know immediately, ask me. If not, I guess a good indication would be the slack channel for the team (I'm working remotely), or the JIRA board update. I don’t think it’s the interruption. I work from home and I got interrupted all day, from family asking me something to teammate asking for my help and sometime joining a call. It’s the context switch that is bad. You can hold off most interruption to try to complete your current train of thought (like give me 15 minutes to complete this and I’ll get back to you). But when you have something that is mandatory, you avoid going into any deep work like a debugging session or architecting a new feature. And most of the time the standup does not really help, because productive teammates will reach out to each other during the day anyway if something impact them. And manager should reach out to developer anytime something pop up that impacts their work, not just wait for next day to let people know. Standup can be great if the responsibility across the team are spread out, but only at a lower frequency (once a week?). I think you can export chats from Slack and build an archive out of it I get a set schedule from 10am to 5pm. As my desktop is the most comfortable setup, I use it after hours too, but I close all work related software at 5pm. I use Safari as my personal browser and Firefox as my work one (Most of my software are pretty utilitarian as I have a ps4 and an Apple TV for entertainment purposes). The other things is I don't do work outside of my desk. I'm a contractor working full time on a project. If something is not done after 7 hours of continuous work, it may as well wait for tomorrow as I will be very tired and less than performant. Also mental health. I've been burned out previously and it was not pleasant. I try to separate work and personal life as much as I can (mostly virtually, as I'm working from home). If I had an office space, I would leave my desktop there. Because opinion is transient and can be changed on a whim, unless what is part of the identity of the person (physical apparence, religion and other cor values). Being exclusive only reduce cohesiveness. I don't know if that will really help as it is effortless for me and I've never given a lot of though to how it is for other people. My method is to go to sleep only when I'm tired. I may relax on the bed when reading a book or scrolling the web, but otherwise, I'm standing or sitting and most likely out of the bedroom. But as soon as I feel really tired, I go on the bed and remove anything that may impede my sleep. I turn off the tv and anything that is bright (lot of status leds). I remove anything on the bed and get into my relax position. Sleep usually follows soon after. If it does not, I got up and do things (watch TV, play games, browse the internet). Bed for me is heavily associated with sleep. Another trigger is my relax position. The running joke in my country is that pastors’ children always round up to be delinquent in their teens. You won’t be able to completely control the environment of your child. The re will be a moment, when he/she will realize you do not know everything and your word, while important will be just a voice in many. It is very hard to resist temptation when you see people your age doing them without restrictions. I would say teach them values, not enforce them. Lot of iems can reduce sounds quite a lot, especially if you have music or white noise going on. And some are pretty cheap. https://drop.com/buy/blon-bl-03-iem I have a PS4, and it's been great so far. It's low power (Solar panels are my main source of electricity) and the performance is great. I don't really enjoy gaming on small devices, and I prefer reading when I'm outside (Kindle). I also don't enjoy gaming on laptop (too expensive) and most desktop PC are too power consuming. Bought a $35 usb condenser mic for online meeting. It is good even for recording songs (Tested by a friend of mine). It's better to not be seen clearly than not being understood due to poor microphone (Although I did get a better webcam). I confirmed. Even when doing sketch, the key thing to get right is the eyes. Starting already this month: Digital painting and drawing. I'm already not bad at that, but I want my skills to be semi-professional at least. I have a very vivid imagination, and I want to be able to recreate the concept I see in my mind. Computer science foundation. Right now, I'm at the stage that I know enough to explain them in layman terms, but not enough to actually participate in an active discussion or projects that rely heavily on academic knowledge. Stuff like compilers and interpreters, computer architecture, database systems, distributed systems, and OS architecture. Another item on my list is reflecting more about philosophical and psychological matters (I read more fiction books than non-fiction ones at a ratio of 25:1, the only bibliography I've read was about George Lucas). SEEKING WORK | Software Engineer Location: Haiti | Eastern Time Zone Remote: Yes, remote only Willing to relocate: Willing, but quite hard to do. Experience: 5 years building mobile and web apps for startups and small businesses. While I collaborate well in a team project, my strong point is being autonomous and with broad knowledge to design MVP and helps non-technical entrepreneurs test out their idea in the real world. I'm a fast learner and can quickly pick up technologies to be productive in any project. Website: https://hescaide.me Email: hash [at] hescaide.me I'm not even near of being a representative of the group, but I will share my own motives and reflections. For me, it's like watching a game of chess, or a match of basket-ball. I know the games myself and I know what it takes to play it at a high level (I watch mostly professional players). It's an act of learning sometimes, when your own strategies differ quite a bit from the player's and that can lead to some interesting reflections. Also, they are humans, and you can empathize with their joy when winning a game, or frustration when suffering from a bug or bad teammates. Sometimes it's a spectacle, too, when the streamer puts on a show with an over the top personality. I don't really watch the kind of streamers that do "stupid" behavior, but you must be aware that they represent a sizable part of the gaming population and for them, it's normal to rage and stuff (not my kind of things). Also, I can't play games for long (not so good internet + work + other hobbies) and when I'm doing other stuff, I will put a gameplay in the background as all the other video contents I consume require focus. Not Asia, but SMS is dead pretty much in Haiti, and everyone uses WhatsApp. Internet usage is low enough to even be an alternative to phone calls in most cases (especially for the young adults category). The fact is, a framework can be good in a team where you have junior developers. When I started with PHP, Laravel seems a god send. You don't even have to learn PHP that deeply, as they provide a quite consistent playground to add your business logic. It's when you got experienced, you begin to notice the bloat. I don't know how it impacts performance, but I've seen many juniors shoot themselves in the foot where there's too little constraint. Nowadays, I think real hard about bringing any frameworks or libraries into my projects. I got so used to subtitles (learning English + anime). That I can put them in the background when I focus on the movie and quickly check them in case I did not understand something. Kinda like when you blur out the surrounding controls when watching YouTube. I'm just discovering how to take notes properly and extract and retain knowledge from books. I relied on my memory too much (literally cramming the before exams) and short form retention. My research and understanding skills are good. But I think I could have extracted much more of the 5 years I spent in college. I'm not fully sorry, as I was learning software engineering on the side. Just that my theoretical foundation could have been more solid, and maybe I would have worked on more personal projects. Shared ownership of the business? I have a game I built for a homework in university. After 5 years of react, I picked it up and try to run it on my MacBook. I just had to edit a few files and got it working again. C has this expressiveness in it where everything is exposed to the reader. No complicated abstractions, just data structures and code. Spotify added my country this year. Within a few months, a lot of labels removed my country from their authorized list for no obvious reasons. We don't have any sanctions or existing outlets here. Just geo-blocking for the sake of geo-blocking. I’ve tried Doppler which is nice if you don’t overly tinker with your library but I bought Swinsian to play locally and I also have Plex on a mac mini I use as a server (for playing on my ATV, my work computer and my iPad) I use lossless because why not. I have plenty of space on my computer. And if I really like an album that would like to listen on the go, I transcode it to a lossy version (aac) Also getting popular here: You pay around 5 dollars to get access to a US Netflix account per month. Credit Card infra is still bad here, and the local Netflix is not worth it even when you can pay. Also, no Access to the others. In French, the first floor is called "Rez-de-chaussée" and the uppers are what called "Etage". So it's actually 1 based. Last year, I worked on a PHP application. Getting it to a CVS trimmed down the folder from 3 GB to 100 MB with essential assets. They just dumped things in there and backup the whole server instead. Having cancer is being sick... There is no Etage 0. People will just confusingly look at you if you ever said that. And the "Je ne sais pas' is called "Sous-sol" Here in Haiti, it was between texting 5 messages or call for one minutes (if you have not activated any special plans). So, when WhatsApp came, everyone switched and SMS is now mostly ads from the provider. Most people only do quick calls and would wait when the internet get better to do longer exchanges. Internet infrastructure is still not good. I always wonder why people have all these bookmarks. I think the most I had at one time was 15 and that because I switch to another project halfway. As soon I extract what I want in one page, I close it. If it's something that is interesting, and I don't have time, I add it to my read-it-later list. And if it's something that I may often revisit, that's when I bookmark. Os support, especially in the Apple world. I only receive two types of messages: OTP and ads from the provider. I just set the message app to automatically delete everything after 30 days. A musician put it in time for an audition because that will be the piece he will be performing. But doing leetcode when the job definition is: You will be working on this e-commerce site is not the most motivating things. While algorithms and data structure knowledge are important, most of the time is spent writing code gluing data sources to interfaces. I'm perfectly fine doing an interview on the technologies I'm expected to master, but knowing by heart how to sort strings doesn't help anyone, IMO. We know how to apply them, it just that algorithms are not fit all solutions for most type of problems you encounter in the real world. I had to write a frequency analysis code. What I did was search for existing methods, found a paper that provides a mathematical procedure, then convert it to code. The data structures came directly from the OS and thankfully, there were no need to convert them to something else. I'd say a lot of us learn about algorithms and data structures early in their career. But most of them are guidelines, not rules. So, you just remember how to google for them, not learning specific ones by heart. No one has ever told me: You need to work on this string manipulation and be done within 30mns. The only thing I don't like about subscription is rent-seeking. I'm fine paying a small amount every month if I expect security updates or small features that won't impede my workflow. If there is a lot of request for additional features, you can always bump up to a new version. If there aren't, that means your product is mature, or you may need to market to a different segment. But I'm not paying you every month just to shuffle the UI around or to be able to access my data. Haitian Creole speaker here. We're in a weird spot. Where the majority of the vocabulary come from French, the grammar from west African languages, and heavy influence from Spanish and English. Due to the majority of the population not able to write , the language is easy to learn and speak. But the writing is not as precise as French or English, making it a bit tedious when explaining things. Verbs only have one form, with marker words to indicate mode and tense. Numerous words have multiple definitions or are very vague, so meaning is usually conveyed across by using comparisons and analogy. Easy to do when talking and adding a storyteller like to a conversation, but tedious when writing. The redeeming quality is that the grammar is simple and the orthography more so. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haitian_Creole If you have iCloud+, you can add your domain to your account. I use Mail.app so I don't know how exactly to set up them in an email app (you receive email through your iCloud account in Mail.app). There is no real need to change, but it is a nice feature and as good as free. You don't. You just add the domain and set up the settings. Very fast. My iCloud account uses the icloud.com domain, and I haven't changed that. I did not need to migrate data, so I don't know anything about that. A lot of the annoyances that you cited are valid. I speak three languages (one that the keyboard does not support), and my accent when speaking English trips Siri a lot (But I prefer not to switch to French). But the ecosystem really works together when using Apple products. Anything else and it becomes jarring. And you can appreciate it when you accept THEIR way of things. I used to be a heavy customizer (Arch, Custom roms for Android,...), but this day not so much. And it does work for people that can accept that. Anyone else? Not really, as you will feel frustrated by the constraints and the tall wall of their garden. A great example is : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_NVUZNsh2E The remix is: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jGflUbPQfW8 The original is good, but the remix is something else. Like a more friendlier Reddit? A few I have from watching TV and games (probably incorrect). Vermont -> green hills Dakota -> hard deserts and Amerindians Nevada -> sand desert Texas -> ranches. Arizona -> Lots of sun and hot. Florida -> beach and spaces. Kansas -> Big corn farms. Massachusetts -> US version of Europe. Missouri -> Rivers. It's the merge part that is an issue. PR works on text files and on the line level, which fits code perfectly, as most statements are one line. For prose, it's messier. In other media it's difficult because of the cohesion of purpose needed, or just that you can't merge easily. It's easier to cooperate on the person level, than on the product level. I think that managers should involve themselves in that. I've worked with people who think that giving you a task and receiving an implementation or status report is their unique job. But when you want to flesh out the task and request for more information, they see you as bothersome. The trick is to guide them, not do the actual work. Even if you know how to do it, the job is their responsibility, not yours and you can't/shouldn't do two people's work. Singing. I love music and have a good sense of rhythms, but the tone of my voice is so random, I can't sing for my life - that doesn't stop me, though. +1 for iCloud+. I got the 200 to give my cousin a way to backup her pictures (around 30 GB, and it annoyed me she wasn't backing them up) The custom domain was nice, and I moved all of them to iCloud+. I use Swinsian and it's pretty nice, but no dark mode (don't know why). Do you have iCloud+? It allows custom domains now. I got a 15 GB account with Mega. I activated a bonus and got about 5 more. It's full now, but I forgot about that fact until I got an email about that I need to upgrade—bonus has expired —, or they're going to delete the data. But until I do, I can't delete the data, I can't do anything except pay, or everything's gone. So, I guess everything's gone. There is no way I'm putting my card on a service that kidnaps data. Laravel. I could do React+Serverless+Managed DB, but pushing all the rendering in the server make things easier to manage. I could always add a sprinkle of Svelte or Vue if I need to spice thing up. A visual editor can be a nice tool to do that. In one side, the notation with placeholder describing the expected input, In the other side, how the notation can be evaluated with the existing ones using the same input. You can add things like loops. No one is putting their mac in their pocket and going everywhere with it. People use their device in different way. And people behaviors are a big part in security models. Windows survived because of the family tech support. I can't even count the number of time I had to restore the computers in the house. Users can and will wreck their devices. Think GB WhatsApp on Android. Upgrade is one of the worst parts of Android. I had a Motorola that started with 5 and ended with 6. Custom ROMs got me up to 9 until it was stolen. It was not even a performance thing. If a few devs can hack a kernel, a company can do much more. I bought an iPhone 8 in 2019, and it is still working great today, running the latest OS. Most languages are quite tough to get into. And they require some real learning if you want to do anything trivial. JS is easy to get started (only the browser you already have) and you can do quite a lot without understanding anything about computer science. But it catches to you anyway. I've seen on Twitter someone repelled by the MDN documentation, describing it as not intuitive. I realized that the documentation assumes you're familiar with the basic tenets of programming (data types and structures, function signatures, ...). Which bootcamps often conveniently ignore. This is why I'm grateful for my native language, Haitian Creole. Our alphabet has signs - formed with Latin characters - and each is mapped 1 to 1 to sounds. You write words like they sound, and you pronounce them like it is written. Most of the usual mistakes made are because they tried to use the French orthography - many schools teach French before Creole. Foreign words can be either written with the original orthography or the best approximation in creole. At school, I only have one notebook. I pay attention to the teacher and whenever I don’t understand something immediately, I redo the demonstration on paper. There were a few teachers that didn’t use textbooks or slides so I had to rely on friends and photos to review things later. But the real advantage is that I usually understand the subject deeper. I did well on explanation questions, not so on memorization question. But I could always guess the answer. I see your point. But as long as you're consistent with the format for each value, I don't foresee an issue. I consider everything that has a readable representation plain text, but your definition may be different. You can go with a standard format, like JSON or YAML, but I think you can probably define something that is easier to write and still processable. I agree with you, but someone can likely get by with adding markers and being consistent with them. I think many people miss this point. I'm good at conversation, but horrible at keeping in touch because I don't really perceive time in relationship. Maybe I need to develop a habit of going through my contact list, but that is very fragmented due to various platform - call, WhatsApp, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn. So setting a common contact book, then adding reminders can be a nice way to maintain relationship. Or just in your mind you still have that bundle of memories which make you underestimate the time passed since last contact because you've been busy with life. I'm starting with Language Implementation Patterns [0], which is more practice focused than the Dragon's book [1]. Most of the examples are in Java, which you can then convert into your current implementation language. [0]: https://www.amazon.com/Language-Implementation-Patterns-Doma... [1]: https://www.amazon.com/Compilers-Principles-Techniques-Tools... If you need something cheap that lasts, Anker is your best bet. There are others that have longer lifetime, but they are from Sony, Bose or JBL and thus more expensive. My sister has the Soundcore for 2 years now. Why do you need to keep working? Every time I feel not working, I just don't work. That ranges from taking 10 minutes break on my balcony (I work remotely) to taking the whole day off. Unless I have an urgent deadline, I just move to something relaxing. So far: The Malazan Book of the Fallen Shadows of the Apt Murderbot Imperial Radch Youjo Senki It’s practice and learning. Drawing is just rendering volumes as shapes. You learn first how the process works, then practice to adjust your motor skills. I’ve been drawing on and off since I was 8. I’m 26 now and I’m just decent. The above is what will really help you. Like what is the form of the eye, and what would be its shape from that angle. Then If you can draw any geometric shape accurately (by comparing line length and angle), you can draw the eye. Shameless plug: https://hescaide.me/blog/2022/01/29/a-day-with-ansible/ This is after one day of interacting with Ansible. I did have previous experience with Linux and setting up Circle.ci projects and Dockerfile. There are not many concepts to grok. I just cloned a playbook on GitHub and tried to rewrite it to fit my needs, reading documentation over the part I did not understand well. No book or video tutorials were needed. Living in a country with poor internet access, my methodology has been: Offline Wikipedia HTTrack for any wiki I found useful. Calibre (for the l*gen files) A dictionary software. A backup full of the software programs I normally use (VLC, Office, Linux ISOs, Firefox, ...) At the time, that was pretty much it. I did not have any phone, and only a few apps are useful online. Maps being one because of the smaller form factor and the GPS module. I went to Cuba once, and the only use I got out of mine was maps, camera, and Spanish dictionary. > far better battery life and being able to use the laptop in my lap comfortably These are the mains reasons I sold my 2015 MBP to get the M1 Air. I was not doing anything computationally heavy, so I don't notice any performance improvement. But the Air never get hot. And the battery usage is so light that I don't worry over its charge status. In Haitian creole, if the main object of the verbe “prete” is a person, it means loan, and the second object says what. If it’s only one non person object, it means borrow. In FPS, most of the people playing are also bad, but their behaviors can be coherent. The enjoyable part is the random nature of your opponents and the context of the conflicts. Similar to me. I’m 26, but only got on the social train in 2015 or so. I scroll for a few minutes, but I’m just seeking for something interesting to learn about. To distract me, a video or article need to trigger that thirst of knowledge. And it’s not something you find on most social platforms - which is why I check HN more than anything else these days. Apex Legends streamers on Twitch. Only really tough problems requires me to have no distractions and most of the time, I solve them using paper. But I like having background noise, as it will provide something else to focus on when I need to reset my thoughts. Other times, I just listen to my local music library. No criteria other than my mood. I can't listen to podcasts or any informative things as I tune them out when working. I was so hyped when Spotify added my country. But I then found that most of the artists I listen to (Reggae artists, CHVRCHES) was missing from the catalog. I keep it for a little time as it was cheap, but did not bother to renew when my card expired. Flutter replaces the entire views with its own rendering engine. That has caused some issues with consistency. > what you can do is find ways of explaining the cost of what they're asking in a way that is effectively no What's good about that is that your superior may want to actually eat the costs because he may have information that he has not shared yet with you. Possessives were the weird ones for me. I learned French at an early age, and you were just expected to learn the possessive pronouns. I did the same for English and while `it's` and `its` are similar, I've always considered the latter as its own thing, not something extrapolated from using the apostrophe as a possessive in English. Another case is that in my country, there is no easy way to get anything - credit card not easily available and services just not available. People have been paying to get access to a Netflix account (about 5 USD per person). Most people can't download torrent, but they will go with the easier option anytime - right now is telegram groups. I guess they use farther warehouses when doing free delivery without prime. I bought a keyboard on Wednesday and they said Monday. On Thursday, it was still being processed, so I just paid the next-day delivery ($10), and the progress rewinds back to the beginning, so I think they switched warehouses. I would say it's like watching any show about sport in general. Sometimes, you root for the person to win. Other times, you can learn something new by watching the streamer. And it can just be entertaining as watching a reality show. I remember playing DS1 and the first enemies I found at Firelink Shrine was the indestructible skeletons. I never run away so fast when I found they were respawning, and I needed a divine weapon – which I had no idea where to find. The aspect I enjoyed the most was fighting with all you had to reach the next bonfire, then realize you've grown in terms of skill when the next rerun is much shorter and easier. I'd said that it is a non-issue. One of the main tenets in React is that your component re-renders when the prop changes. I think anyone should research what exactly change in this context means and take care of not triggering the re-render when it's not wanted. The author goes out of the way to use examples that are what I would consider bad code and not something that should ever pass a code review. I have not dealt with many junior devs, but creating an object either by using a literal or restructuring is still creating a new object and no one should expect it to be the same. Equal perhaps, but not the same. Maybe someone should explain scope and instance lifetime in the JavaScript world instead of blaming React for these. Because there is no surprise that the component re-render when you change the prop. Props are outside the boundary of concerns for a component as far as allocation go. You react to value and identity. The parent component is the one concerned with actually giving you the correct props. Very much like a function call would work. You can provide a signature or a contract, but you are not actually expected to deal with every kind of abuses, especially things that fall outside good practices. Perhaps it is a concern in bigger codebase. AFAIK, there is no method to enforce this kind of contract. But documentation could be a big help. Like documenting how changes to a prop impact the behavior of the component - like the common `initialValue` and `value`. You should always be aware of the business domain of the code. My general pattern is to actually have an idea of what the software does. Then I locate where the general code is. After I ask what modules I'm interested in - most codebases have clearly delimited modules. Then I work from the entry point on that module and look on what it returns. I sometimes look at other part of the code to assert my assumptions, but generally, I stay in one place until I have a good idea of its behavior. Then after I have a good model, I move on to the next one. The goal is to understand each unit enough that I can write a couple of sentences or paragraphs about it - from functions to whole file. I can say a lot of people only uses computer for typing papers or watching movies - bigger display and storage. My cousin does everything else on her phone. I’m good at vim and it will be probably what I use if I’m editing a script or some other project that does not require extensive tooling. But typing and navigating files are the least of my concerns these days. I’ll use whatever IDE is most suitable for the task in hands. XCode for Swift/Apple Programming, IDEA for Java/Kotlin, Android Studio for Android, VSCode for TypeScript,… But I will enable whatever VIM subset plugin/mode they have. PhoneGap/Cordova. If your app can run in a mobile browser, it can run there too. But you will have to make sure that most of the files are local as I believe apple don’t see kindly to websites with a webview front. I don't know about 4k@27, but 1080@27 is indeed too big. The only thing I want to be big is the text - and icons maybe -, But I can't stomach big UI elements. I have a 1440p@27 monitor. That gives me enough real estate to actually use editors and IDE and have some real estate. I could probably do 4k, but maybe @32 inches and native resolution. SEEKING WORK | REMOTE | Haiti I'm an experienced React Native engineer who can also do backend if needed (Laravel, Node.js, Firebase, ...). I can also deal with the native parts of both platforms, Android and iOS. Problem-solving skill is top-notch. I'm also equally good at React.js. Website: hescaide.me Email: hey @ hescaide dot me Location: Haiti Remote: Yes Willing to relocate: Yes Technologies: React Native, React, Ionic, Firebase, AWS, Kotlin & Java (Android), Swift & SwiftUI (iOS), Laravel, Node.js Résumé/CV: https://hescaide.me/assets/cv.pdf Email: hey @ hescaide dot me Same. A mini for my work needs and an Air for personal and when I travel. The former handles everything that I sent its way so far including docker containers. I don’t really see the appeal of the max unless you’re into cpu or gpu-heavy tasks. I have shellfish on my ipad and it’s pretty good. I also hav Textastic and Working Copy and with that you can do fixes if you need to. Haitian here. I basically had no face to face interaction with English native speaker. What I do is immersing. I only read English book, set up all my accounts in English, consume English youtube video, and write in English - docs and the like. While I still have difficulties with pronunciation and spelling mistake, I had a few people say that my vocabulary was quite extensive (most of it comes from Fantasy books). A Mac Mini 2011 I use as a file server (SMB) + Infuse on everything (iPad, Mac, Apple TV). Infuse scans the file and pull its metadata from IMDB or something. I don't watch much, but having the same experience everywhere is a nice touch – I use Plex for music and it's not as smooth. I've been at both ends. Building apps as a solo developer, as well as fixing some bug or implementing a single feature correctly for clients. I think it requires being able to zoom in and zoom out along the stack of abstraction that constitutes a code base, as well as either focusing on the now or a much larger timeframe. The higher level skills can be somewhat tested by asking the candidate how it would build some module and the variation that some factors would bring in (like closer deadline, no third party service,...) A lot of my old colleagues actually balked at the thought of creating a report, preferring mostly to be told what to do, or doing it their own way. Actually justifying their arguments in writing with cons and pros was a no-go. These days, as I'm working as a freelancer, I try to get much of my thinking in writing. These makes sharing information a bliss as I have a trove of documentation to support whatever discussion we're having Every time I wanted to write, I felt that what I'm writing about is either trivial or already done. But whenever someone asked me something, I could speak about it for hours. So now, I'm building personal wikis - one for learning and work, the other for thinking. I jot down whatever I feel somewhat relevant. Aiming for the perfect blog post stunted me, so I love writing in a more raw format and a less structured environment. I do a quick overview of the syntax - I check out a syntax book, cheatsheet pages or the language documentation. Then I do the "Getting started" section. After that, I try to build a project. If it's a new one, I reduce the scope to be about one or 2 days worth of tinkering and a lot of readings of documentation and other codebases. I was thrilled when I read Spotify was coming to my country. Then the main genres I listen to (Reggae and Dancehall) have many tracks unavailable as the labels (VP Records is the worst) whitelist countries. I reverted back to local files. React Native and Flutter is fine if you want to do information app (backed by a backend for most of the work), but as soon as you want to tap into the native capabilities of the device, the difference can become too much. Those toolkits rely on being able to find a common ground between the two ecosystems, and sometimes that can be a hindrance. I use Reeder[0] on my Apple devices, I also use a Email2RSS service[1] for the ones that are asking me to subscribe. [0]: https://reederapp.com/ [1]: https://kill-the-newsletter.com/ Currently, using Craft[0] as the central repository for my projects. It's where I write specifications, diaries, meeting notes,... Once I've outlined a plan for the project, I set up a new project in Things[1], to list all the action items, setting dates and reminders if I need to. [0]: https://www.craft.do [1]: https://culturedcode.com/things/ > but my mouse still feels like it's mired in tar I think you need to increase the tracking speed in "Mouse" preferences. Mine is about 75% and I can move across a 1440px screen with just a small flick. I had to do this recently. I just create a new project, and move the deps and js code files in it. And then fix whatever is breaking. The great thing is that they didn't have a lot of stuff done native side. The biggest changes was updating react-navigation to 5 from 3 The one I had up to 2019 had one. But I replaced the drive with a caddy containing an hdd because I’ve never used it A lot of reading. I started programming when I was in high school, but procrastinated hard on making project. So I read a lot of books about C, assembler, network, security, operating systems, algorithms. When I started doing projects in university, everything I did made sense conceptually. To this day, when I'm doing project, I can go left and right on the slider [Abstraction----Implementation], very easily, from the architecture of the whole systems, and the gritty details of the particular language and algorithms. They can, but for any reasonable sized application, you're basically recreating bare redux. If someone is good with both, it can architect and choses the correct one based on the needs of your software. But if you find that your global state needs are not small, you just chose redux - add a library like rematch on top to reduce boilerplate - so it's straightforward for your junior. Used to do so because my only internet access was a cybercafé and when I have enough money to use a 3g modem. I used to have zeal installed, plenty of syntax references manual the occasional mirror of a site. I loved Android studio at that time because you could click on a symbol and got redirected to the definition, so you could learn how it works. I also used to collect open source codes that I review every so often to learn best practice and design patterns. Same. I have a Kindle Basic (great for reading, bad for pretty much everything else). It can fit my back pocket, so I put it there whenever I go out. Every waiting moment is an occasion to read a few pages of my current book. I've also disable cellular internet on my phone, so it's always the best distraction instead of going to Twitter or Whatsapp status. What I bought and personally use: - Things 3 - iA Writer - Bartender - Alfred - Cleanshot X - Sip - Tot - Keyboard Maestro - Tim (time tracker for freelance work) - Swinsian (Very good, but no dark mode) - Doppler (Good) - PDF Expert (Preview was a pain with annotation) - Reeder - Mela - Pixelmator Pro - Dash - Affinity Photo & Designer Things user here: It’s nice to use. That’s the main reason for me. It’s a specific app for each device (phone, tablet and laptop). Which means the UX is specifically tailored to the patterns of the device. The closest to it for me is Bear (my note taking app). IA Writer and Reeder came close (still not as nice) I think I would like open formats and protocols instead of the mess with Electron. So like the sibling comment, native markdown editor + a sync folder. Search Plex Currently, my main library is 114 GB. It contains albums I like from artists I follow. Then I got another 110 GB of compilations. All the files are lossless, for no particular reason other than archival. There are a few MP3 mixed in there, but mostly because I can't find lossless versions, or I can't bother to download them in FLAC. My Elecom deft pro mouse have the physical switch and a button for pairing. But that takes some space though. The hotter that I got my M1 MBA was when I was converting 131 GB of Flac files to AAC (~3k files). I believe it used all the cores continuously for around 20 minutes. It was still cooler than my old 2015 MBP at normal usage. Not even MMO. I play Apex Legends, a character based BR. There is a ranked mode where each rank have an entry cost and you get points by placement and kills. While it’s a team game, the entry cost was so low that you could play aggressively - killing a few people and dying soon after - or survive by hiding - ratting - and get to a high rank easily. It quickly became a solo game, where people abandon their team to push fights they can’t win, hoping for a few kill, or leaving their teammates in fight they could have win otherwise. They’ve just changed to a new system where you have to get both high placement and kills in order to rank up. That means relying heavily on your team to win the fights or strategizing rotation around the map. And some people are still complaining about being forced to play as a team in a team based game. Around $80/month, but that's with a 50% discount because my SO is an employee of the ISP. Real price is close to $170 20 Mb/down, up is a guest at this point I am in Haiti, Port-au-Prince. Yep, it is this bad. Fiber is cheaper, but the network is sparse, and I can't get it where I live. I used to have those programs that scan your device and install your driver for you on a CD drive. It was a eureka moment when I figured how to find the vendor and the product Ids and then use it to search for the correct driver on the internet. It was infuriating when the same model had different hardware in it and you have to figure out the correct one to get Wi-Fi and Bluetooth working. It was shocking trying out Linux distros and seeing it included everything already. NieR soundtracks embody greatness. They are superb. And much more approchable than fil classical works. Browsing through my distractions websites- HN, Twitter, Reddit, Dilbert - only take me about 15 minutes to note everything interesting. I do that thrice a day, and it’s more than enough. I second this. Training people is even harder, because you have to train their English and teach them the work culture to avoid conflicts. I have an XPS with a touchscreen and I always forgot it’s there. UI elements are just too small for my finger I'd probably be a graphic designer or an illustrator. There was a point in high school where I was as good in graphic art as in programming. Then, I went to study electronic engineering. I understand everything visually. Thinking about code is basically me visualizing and exploring some kind of abstract structure representing the architecture of my program. I don't. I usually say I'm taking a few days off. I've never seen a project's deadline so important that I should sacrifice my mental health for it. After a rest, I take it very slow, stopping whenever I feel pressure mounting. Or fork it and implement your feature. Even make a PR if you really think that something the main product should have. It does, but there is an ongoing bug [0] - which I suffer myself - that is always removing the local version of the book. I grew tired of always having to redownload books after a few days. [0] https://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/344271/books-autom... Mostly because the online experience is tied to the system itself and not the game. And CD exchange is a big thing in my country. TL,DR; Avoid anything or situation that traps heat. From someone leaving in Haiti with no AC (it is usually 30C outside, right now 27C with 70% humidity), you just get used to it. One thing to remember is that outside is typically colder because electronics and bodies will warm up the air inside. In my room, it only starts to get really hot at 4pm. So I go to the balcony. Around 8pm, my room is already at a bearable temperature and I can go back in. Another trick is to never go out in the sun if you can avoid that. So, everyone does their stuff in the morning or in the afternoon. My family in my native town practically spend all their days under the trees in the yard, with all the doors and windows left open. As for the clothes, you avoid clothes that trap heat (think heavy fabric like wool) anything else is ok (used to go to school with long pants, socks, and long sleeve shirts). Better to sweat than be sunburned. But inside, I only wear a gym short. I use bobby [0] for that [0]: https://apps.apple.com/us/app/bobby-track-subscriptions/id10... 1. You can get what you want by being valuable yourself 2. Don't be afraid to discuss money. The client is always seeking the lower price and the budget is always higher than what was mentioned before. 3. Work so you live. It's never worth it to do overtime. 4. Learning is a shortcut to success. Most people stop seeking new information unless forced. You will be a step ahead of those. 3. There isn't much that do really matters in life. Act only on this small set and enjoy the rest as it is. > On the flipside, it can be frustrating for managers that engineers sometimes can’t understand that they have to manage deadlines. Deadlines are not solved by estimations. Deadlines are a business problem that can be resolved by a discussion with your engineer to work out a plan based on that time constraint. If you have a deadline in mind for a feature, it would be better to state it directly. Then the engineer can say it can or can't be done the way you wanted. Or we need to modify the requirements to fit it in this timeframe. But the most horrendous thing I've seen is when you give an estimation, the manager treat it as an actual deadline. It should only be used to verify if everything is progressing correctly and should be revisited periodically. But not to make promises. I used to think about work all the times when I started freelancing. I had no boundaries and routinely worked until 1 or 2 am. When I started contracting with bigger companies, I just set up office hours, powering on the laptop when I start and powering it off when the day ends. I don't have the office accounts (slack & email) on my phone, but they know my phone number so they can call me or message me if something urgent pops up (very unlikely as I'm not a senior). I found that as soon as I close the laptop, everything fades away as I'm not tempted in any form to interact with it. I could, but with nothing in front of me, it's just a single thought. I also have other stuff to do like reading, learning foreign languages, watching Twitch or YouTube, or just planning the next day (personal part, not the work part) Does your application have several sentient modules that probably have different conflicting wishes and will be obeying directives as they see fit, including not at all? If not, it’s not remotely similar. The main constraints of being a solo developer at scale and time. You cannot scale because that means doing a lot of stuff (coding, support, business planning) at the same time. And you can only work on one or two features, meaning development speed is quite slow. But coding is very easy. And once you solve something, it stays that way. Unlike conflict with others. It’s bandwidth related. It’s either a good codec when you’re only listening or the horrible one if you want to speak as well. Even when I wear a Bluetooth headphones I almost always chose the device microphone I bought a cheap one that’s good enough to record songs with it. It was around USD 35. I added a USD 15 stand for more flexibility. If your mic is on, I believe it’s HFP or something, it’s so bad I always have an earbud in my backpack. I’m not a native speaker and I don’t want to make work communication more difficult. For me, what helps, is the fact that I have a vivid imagination. Thus games and movies always feels shallows unless they have an interesting plot. Or the mechanism are so hard you have to focus too master them. But I’ll always take a book over a movie. The visualization of scenes in a book also push me away from drama and horror book, because it’s so realistic in my head. It’s feel like I watching some private scenes or in a nightmare. You should also try Arcane if you haven’t yet. The animation is equally amazing and very expressive. Apart from the act of consuming content, there is no equivalent. My farther had a somewhat huge library (~700 books), while my collection is digital. The tactility makes it easier to remember the books and rereading it always feels different. I hardly reread fiction books in electronic format, while I’d happily do so with a physical book. As I'm deep in the Apple Ecosystem, I installed a few apps that I also have on my iPad and my Macs (Things, iA Writer, Bear, …) if I need to jot things down on the go. It also has my non-fiction e-books if I ever need to read something when I'm out (rarely, as my kindle is usually with me). I only have notifications for things I like to be reminded about (Calendar, Streak, Things) and I disable them for anything else. It also has my Language Learning courses' audio files. In University? French. The official language of the country is French and I've been learning French since I was in school. I've failed it though by missing the exams due to work (couldn't make it in time). Bear.app (subscription if you want sync) Things (sync included, but optional) Or remove it and put it at the bottom of the backpack (suitcase). Wouldn't something like Westworld road system easier? Basically, almost all the cars are self-driven, and it's more like a public transit than anything. Essentially, a closed system. (Easier in the technical sense, not the implementation (politics, ...)). You can learn just about everything off the internet, these days. You can do * game dev (not everyone uses Unity or Unreal), * mobile dev. Android Studio is a ram hogger these days. When I was on 8GB, the trick was to not use chrome and go with Firefox instead. Or something with smaller footprint. Also I was using Arch just so that I can trim the OS itself down to around 300 MB of Ram usage. * CLI programming with scripting languages. I had a few odd jobs doing this. * Embedded programming. Nothing much required there. * Desktop programming. You can leverage your knowledge in HTML, CSS by learning Electron. But just one advice. Companies don't really care what you like or not. They will give you money only if you have the skills to show for it. Living in a real 3rd world country (Haiti), I learned Android dev with a similar configuration (have to run the app on my phone, as the emulator consumed too much RAM). Then switched to React Native. That landed me my first online gig. Then I went from there, building my skills up and selling it, so I can buy proper tools and invest in myself. Now I'm working with a US Company, doing React and Java stuff and exploring what I'm interested in on my personal time. Jobs can be interesting by themselves, but stuff cost money and if you need the latter, you gotta do what you can get paid for. Then with the money, you invest in proper resources to learn what interests you and hopefully switch to it afterwards. This. What helps me was that the company provided a work laptop (I have nothing in there apart from a few files. I don't even play music from it). At the end of days, I power everything down (and I don't have company emails and slack on my devices) and enjoy the rest of the time doing my own stuff, reading books, drawing, spending time with my girlfriend,...) Not that hard if you have good memory. Mine works my association. I can forgot all about a book, but as soon as I saw the cover I can give you the rough plot. If I saw the table of content, I can give you a summary of each chapter. I don’t hope between books as I don’t force myself to finish what I don’t like. But I can only reread books after a good deal of time (3 years mostly). Earlier than that, I just find myself skipping ahead as I remember stuff before I read them. I’d say Adrian’s Shadows of the Apt. They were the books that make me realize how good it feels when the world building is done well. I have a list of books I’m currently waiting for, but I remember the above fondly My father died last June and apart from the initial shock (which was mostly me not thinking about the fact that he died), the biggest thing was that he's no longer with me. I used to visit occasionally, and we'd talk for hours about stuff, but that will no longer be possible. The past will always be memories, but the sadness comes because we won't have any interaction in the future. The whole idea of him won't evolve, and you will no longer discover anything new about him (people talking about him don't really matter). What makes me sad is all the little stuff that will no longer take place because he is just not here. But I'm used to the idea of everyone having an unknown, finite time on earth. So while the loss can be huge, I try to make every moment I spend with my family, positive and meaningful. This concept was used in westworld [0] [0]: https://youtu.be/2xm4feEKDjw They cheapen the entry fees for learning, but the expectation will keep getting higher. It's like games where, even for indies, they won't accept N64 quality these days. Text to speech is quite good now, but people prefer real narrators. Everyone can create music with a cheap laptop and some midi keyboards, but only those really talented will make it. I do, I think I have 240 in PDF format and 16 in physical formats. My interests of late has been around physics, mathematics and programming language theory. The game I play the most is Apex Legends. It's a Hero-based shooter, but so much polished in terms of mechanics. Everything feels so satisfying, and the skill scale is pretty broad. I also play Dirt Rally 2, but not so much as I hit a bottleneck. I play with a controller and not a proper sim setup (my current excuse). French version are always so clear (friends and family watch movies on laptop and phones). But I know enough English to notice that the movement of the actor's mouth does not correspond to the sound. Same. Along with several others during the last 2 months. After years learning from e-books (the only physical book I owned was "The C Programming Language"), I decided to go back to physical books because I just can't look at an LCD screen that long. I have a Kindle I read fiction books on, and it's great, but for EPUBs, not PDFs. I've only bought textbooks in the beginning, just to have something that can last months or years of study, but just bought a few related to programming languages. Sometimes I would rather not open my laptop or tablet (tons of distractions waiting to happen) just to revisit a few concepts or to do a cursory glance at a few pages. I agree with you. It's much better to have useAuth everywhere than having WithAuth capping every class. I agree with the others. I've started using hooks since they were introduced and I've only hit the re-render issue only a few times, which I promptly fixed as they were caused by carelessness. My strategy is to not use a single useEffect, but multiple ones for each (which reduce greatly the dependencies). Also, avoiding dependency circles between useState and useEffect. I've used class components and I think hooks are much better than the monstrosity that the lifecycle methods would usually become. Also defining functions inside other functions is very much the staple of functional programming. Pretty much this. I've owned entire applications and it's really fun when you're working alone. But adding a new developer that does not grok hooks (mostly because they are more use to imperative patterns than functional ones), and you will have bugs to deal with almost every single day. In a project, I was using Firebase as the backend and hooks allowed me to nicely abstract it away and use a language closer to business domain (like `useEntity(entityId)` and `useCreateEntity(entityData)`). Everything was more modular from changing the backend layer to breaking up bigger components. It's less code. And if you add hooks (for the reasons specified in the docs), you can have a smaller and more manageable codebase. But hooks differs so greatly from the easier to grasp lifecycle methods and state as component object's property that it's easy to have bugs if you do not grok it. A logic-less template is easily done, by exposing a few methods to the programmer providing the data. I remember Android XMLs to be logic-less and while it refers to concrete classes, something like this could easily be adapted to generate text. A designer wouldn’t need conditionals or loops because he could mark something as a container, the goes on to design the content (for loop, each cell). Desktop and Mobile had this for ages. I’d be more than happy if a more powerful version of figma existed (capable of handling UI states). Then the designer would then hand the design files annotated with IDs to me, and then I could go on to implement logic. If we agree on some sort of contract for the UI, he can go play to his heart’s content with the Look and Feel. It’s not about typing faster. It’s about learning a language of editing. When you’re begin to be fluent in it, you will be communicating with the editor the changes you want to see. And it’s just a terse language that realizing what you want to actually do it and see it done take only one or two seconds. I strongly believes the “Think about it” -> “Express it” -> “See it done” is much better the whole ballet your hand would be doing with the mouse and keyboard. When you’re using a programming language and you want a nice data structure to understand the html page and it’s rendered version, you use a tree and that tree is what is called the DOM. It could have been a list, but manipulation would have been cumbersome. So the DOM is a tree, where each node is an object with direct connection to how it’s rendered on the screen. (Most programming languages, including HTML, are transformed into a tree when you want to understand the semantics, or what each construct implies) I think a better way to go about it is to state your own goals. If you want it to bridge it to ZeroMQ, you can evaluate the program and see if the way it is coded fits you. If you want another service, you evaluate how much work to retrofit it. As longs as you expect decades out of your software, you should prepare to own all your dependencies. The intention of the original developer does not matter that much. Is it because they’ve not been updated to use the latest UI guidelines from the host system? Because they just look old and out of context, not particularly ugly. A single data point: In Haiti, SMS was 1 HTG/message. With 10 HTG, you could activate a plan for the whole day that was more than enough to use WhatsApp for unlimited text and pictures (MMS was not a thing). Now, SMS is only used for carrier ads and 2FA. I have a Kindle basic. It has my "Currently Reading" and "Want to read" books on it. It is small enough I can slip it in my back pocket, so I bring it whenever it looks I may be waiting. If I'm on my computer, I continue with whatever I was doing. Either the snapshot route to have a base image you can then run a single script to install the app. Or use something like Ansible to have reproducible configuration. I’d guess it is basically: you’re making a mural people can look at for free, but a business selling canvas reproduction of it without attribution. If I solve a problem and I say: Sure, use my code if you want, but be sure to contribute any improvement back to the community - I wouldn’t be happy seeing a tool spewing it out everywhere. And it’s not even free. In this case, microsoft is literally making money on the back of millions of programmers. And without approval. Also charging for it. If you go around pasting code ad verbatim, a lot of people would be upset too. "Don't teach coding until you read this book" by Lindsey D. Handley. I've learned so many concepts since I started programming that I'm always forgetting how alien it seems for other people. This book introduces some nice explanations why we do have programming languages, the mechanism of learning and why we do program. My take from the book is to not teach a language, but how to transform your thoughts to something that the computer can accept. I think that lots of people do the latter. I was part of a group doing algorithms challenge for fun, and most of them folded on the first challenge that wasn’t easy or obvious. I believe because they were not able to separate the problem space from the language space. The solution was fairly easy when you think about it in terms of sets (even though a transformation was required), but not when you were thinking in terms of the data constructs of the language initially provided (array of numbers). > What would Copilot look like if it was not separate? Maybe some type of hint shown inside your code when it’s shown at github.com. There is already a text editor. A la Emacs, I'd say. Emacs is basically a live environment where you can edit text. While you're running it, you can add new features on the go, then save the modifications once you're happy with them. Imagine if you open apple notes and wanted to change a few things, maybe adding an interface to some services. You'd just open the live environment, code your changes, and voilà. Being succinct goes a long way. I found that people rarely interrupts me because I try to convey my thought in a relatively dense manner. If asked one question, I answer that question in the first sentence, then the justifications and explanations. If I'm explaining something, I do the same thing with the abstract idea first, then detailing after that. I don't fear being interrupted, as that usually means I've been talking longer than needed. I gave my cousin who is in college my android tablet. She only uses a computer for typing documents. Everything else is done on the tablet. From research to communication and watching movies. It can do anything she wants to do. Most of my GUI apps have an iPad version, which works well when I'm far from home and I would rather not bring a laptop. Clean Architecture. I’ve only tried to implement it once, then I realized I was over engineering. But I still use it as a template to design softwares, but I implement something more crude. Laravel’s use of conventions and facade. It was quite nice to see how a carefully designed developer experience can improve productivity. For most app, the code basically write itself. The versatility of common lisp. I used to watch movies on my laptop, and I've not needed subtitles after getting comfortable with English. But now I have a proper speaker setup (stereo though) and the fact is that the mixing can be horrendous. Someone is talking normally and then – BRA-AH - some audio effects or shooting happens, and you miss part of the conversation. And some accents are just about unintelligible for me. So, I just add subtitles when I want to follow the conversation. > The only remedy I found is actively forcing people to talk to each other, starting with yourself. That's not communication. That is forced socialization. There are things that are expressed more efficiently in spoken form, but the truth is that spoken words are ephemeral and the mechanism for storing and retrieving them are cumbersome. I like written communication, it forces you to be more structured in your thinking. And most importantly. It does not require another person to be actually present for this to happen. > Doing a code review? Grab the reviewee in a Slack huddle for 15 minutes, it'll save time for both of you. I strongly believe that a review that can be done in a slack hurdle in 15 minutes can be done async in less. And there is the need to actually schedule for that hurdle. And in practice, every one of these hurdles will actually be surrounded by a period of non-productive time. Programming is thinking work. The actual coding, while visible, is the easiest part. We hate wasteful meetings because it contributes nothing to make thinking easier. Very much this. I like to write my documentation in Markdown because it allows me to be fast, while still having some structures. Then I paste the draft in Google Docs when I want to share and have people comment on it. Tooling matters and if I'm the one doing something, I want to actually choose how I'm doing it. Not really an advice, but just a phrase: “Can you show me something you have done?”. My brother was introducing me as a developer for a project he was responsible and the supervisor wanted to meet me first. I was prattling about all the stuff I know about and I was real proud about it. He interrupt me with this. That’s when I realise all the things you know don’t really matter to people if you can’t actually solve their problems and they aren’t confident that you can. I switched my methods after that. And instead of pursuing knowledge for its own sake, I make sure, I actually practice and build thibgs instead of just be satisfied with “I know this”. 2 years later, I started making money on gigs and contracts as a programmer. And they’re cheap. I bought a usb mic after I read some post about the importance of audiovisuals for video meetings, and it’s good enough to actually record songs. I put it on a stand for ergonomics and the whole thing cost less than 50 USD. It's what if, not a certainty. Most of the decisions rely heavily on the certainty of living tomorrow. Which can be highly probable, but not 100% certain. So, that makes it possible to reconsider some decisions. Like, should I pay for this expensive dinner or travel, or should I save the money? Sometimes saving the money makes sense, sometimes it does not. But you should never rely on the fact that you will be there to use the money you're saving instead of enjoying a nice experience right there. "Shadows of the Apts" series is one of my favorite. The story is so nicely constructed that you sometimes forgot the world building, even though it impacts on the characters' personalities. I've also the Expert System books, and it was somewhat disturbing in their explorations. Most of his books I've read seems to be premised on how easily man experiments can go wrong. For me, it's with a Kindle. I bring mine everywhere as it's so small (Kindle Basic) I can put in the back pocket of my pants. Whenever I have to wait for something, or I'm taking a break, I just open it and the book is where I left it. 5, 10, or 50 pages, they all add up. Most books are around 600-1000 pages on it. I can finish a book this way in about 3-4 days. But my reading quota has lowered this year as I was reading wuxia (chinese) books where each is about 27k to 30k Kindle pages. Maybe too much technical analysis of the book? When I read fiction, I use the words of the author of as a means to evoke visually the scene in my imagination. Sometimes, I think I patch the story as I go on, as I rely solely on what I visualize to recall past events. Writing doesn't matter as much, and even characterizations do not. I only enjoy the ideas and the sequences of events. Every so often, I read similar novels just to see how much the author can differ from the previous. Money. Nothing about it annoys me really, but while React is easy to get started with, it’s full of pitfalls à la C. So much of time when dealing with others’s, you see bad patterns everywhere. But it can be quite nice to work with as long you tailor the abstractions to your usage. Most computers follows the Von Neumann architecture. Any imperative languages with no GC would do great because of the small number of abstractions needed to make a program run. AFAIK, C only requires to set up a stack with the registers. When we build something with lambda calculus as its core, you might want to revise that opinion. Python got me into programming. I found about 3D and Blender after I got my first computer. While researching tutorials, I come across a book about creating games with the Blender Game Engine. I got interested, and installed Python on my PC. There was a tutorial section inside the help file, and you could test everything inside the IDLE app (Even GUI programming with Tkinter). No need to download anything else, which was a huge boost as I did not have proper internet at home. Python is straightforward to get started with. More so than JavaScript because, you do not need to learn 3 languages and can do quite interesting stuff without learning a lot of stuff at once. C is also easy to teach, but all hell breaks loose when you got to pointers. If it stays in one place, it will be wired. Currently, my wired devices are: PS4, 2 Mac Mini, my work laptop, and the Apple TV. Ethernet is just so much better that I just ssh into the mini I'm using as a server to download files. I'm from a country which basically ignore all copyright laws in practice. The musical scene relies on live sessions to generate any money, and the movie scene (which was never anything special) is mostly dead. That's because any media that hits the market is copied and sold everywhere. Even books, if they got popular, will get copied and sold with little enforcement, at every corner. This is mostly because the means to copy requires little effort compared to the act of creating. So, there is no incentive to create because you wouldn't make a living out of it. Imagine spending two years writing a book and someone buys one and copy it to sell at 25%. He can make a profit at a lower threshold than you, so you as a creator cannot compete. TL, DR; Books are your friends. They are already structured for learning, you just have to experiment with the examples, and do Google-fu when you're stuck. Resolve to stick with the problem is a personal thing, but you need a lot if you want to be self-taught. Self-discipline was easy because I was genuinely interested about what I was learning. I did not touch a computer until around 12 years old. And the computer broke soon afterwards. Then my parents bought a laptop for my brother who was going to college, and I experimented with it for a while (no internet access) and this is when I learned about installing Windows XP (significant). Then everything I learned about computers was playing with friends' laptops (they always wanted me to fix something), and my desktop (still no proper internet access). I've started learning about programming from books I've downloaded at a cybercafé, experimenting with things until I hit a stopping point (not understanding things enough or the examples in the books are no longer compatible). I was in high school and I did have the time to play around, but did so without any mentor, because there were none in my vicinity (either online or physical). So, it was curiosity and determination who got me through. I've studied electronic engineering, and the CS part was nothing much. It did have two courses on programming for learning the basics of C and Java. But I was already far ahead. I did so by downloading many books (internet access was still intermittent, so I could not always google my answers). My method of learning was playing around with the examples of the first part of the book, then I have enough to tackle a real project. The books became a reference for looking how to do stuff. But I did not focus on programming only. I was learning about computer security, Linux administration, network and network programming, system programming, operating system concepts, game design, UI design, database, and a lot of other stuff. The goal was not really learning facts, but to understand. If something is too complex, I switch to another and revisit later. Still no mentor around and YouTube was not really an option because of the low speed of my internet access. Now I know enough about the practical side of both programming and computer science that I'm moving to the theoretical part (theory of computation, algorithms and programming language theory). Still the same method, still being self-taught, but I now have better internet access, so I have a lot of help from forums and YouTube to guide me. But it's still the same thing for learning languages: follow half of the book, then look for a little project, to learn about the tooling, libraries and stuff. For tools, I just experiment with them and with the manual as the sole help. Then I read books to see what I missed. Doing programming is like playing Dark Souls. Trying things again and again until you've pinned down the problem (learning the moves of the boss) then present a final solution that solve it. Then be euphoric when it does exactly that (when you beat the boss). I think that's why I love those games. Just stay away from analytics. I added it to my site, then I realized I was spending most of the time looking at the dashboard to see how well I'm doing. I disabled it, and now I consider my site as just a more public version of my notes systems. I can postpone the practice part and I can visualize things easily, connecting them to my existing knowledge map. The first allows me to read book, without having to follow examples or have the real things before me. It was handy because most of the time I did not have access to a good computer or to the internet. The second allows me to jump around. I could start with a book in security, hit a wall, the start a book on networking, then understand what was blocking me, and then read about operating systems and really understand another part of the first book. My knowledge is the sum of fragmented parts from all the books I’ve read (a lot). I do not have direct link to it, but a word or anything else can bring the relevant context. I use that a lot in exams where the question itself will bring back the answer to memory, or at least an hint. All of these allows me to do non-linear learning, and inside my own head. After I can do a short session of practice, cementing things I deem interesting. Which is equally important. Most people have their phone in that state than powered down. I think an accessibility a la vim or with something like tree sitter, would help immensely like: “Top of file Down 5 lines Modify import source to … inside first class Down 5 methods Insert new method after Inside arg list Append arg named … of type … … …” And add a way to indentify types and parameters with special pronunciation. Infuse is great, but they have a subscription if you want to play some media format. Quite cheap IMO and they have great apps for all Apple devices. I’ve tried Smalltalk, Common Lisp/Clojure, and read about Forth the past months. And I agree with you that there is more to explore than the standard set of features found in C-like language (live programming, real macros,…) The Rootkit Arsenal: Escape and Evasion in the Dark Corners of the System. The chapter 3 is a good introduction to computer architecture and how it relates to the OS. Structured Computer Organization by Tanenbaum. This book is the one that made every layers clear to me, from transistors to assembly code. Code no longer feels like magic for me once I've seen the greasy parts that move under the hood. For being professional, it was So Good They Can't Ignore You, Getting Things Done, and Clean Coder. They helped with different aspects of my life that I was struggling with, as I never worked in an office (started freelancing online), so no real mentor. I've been on M1 since last year (Switching from a 2015 MBP) and while there have been some issues, the transition has been going fairly swiftly. The main one I had to deal with was some google library embedded inside React Native Firebase. But the fix was fairly easy (setting XCode and Terminal.app to open using Rosetta). My Mac Mini is enough for daily work and my MBA is perfect for personal uses, never getting hot, even with multiple applications opened. Mobile development is very fast-paced. Even with the native Android SDK, dependency issue can bite you. If I start working on an old codebase and I can't get it to launch in a few hours. I just generate a new starter project and migrate the codebase, adding the newer version of each dependency (while taking care of breaking changes and so). It can be easier and take care of security issue at the same time. Desktop, CLI and Web Backend programs can be easier because they are in a much stable environment. But mobile development is very much a high-speed train. My own tips for React Native is just use the IDE (XCode, Android Studio) for each platform whenever I have to build and use a text editor for the JS part. Always worked flawlessly. Hourly billing burnt me out. I started on Upwork with the spying software installed. I was desperate for money at that time. But my own methodology when working is to think about the problem, only typing code when I have a good hint about a solution. So for a day of work, I may spend one hour typing code, three hours reading code and the rest of the time thinking hard. But the activity monitor inside the software only picked up the time when you're actively using the computer so, I was always distracted in my thinking with the reminder that I have to use the mouse for the timer to resume. Now I'm paid a fixed price each month (fairly high for where I'm living). So, wages are not something I think about. But when I try to negotiate other project, I either go fixed, or billed by the day at the smallest. My usual hours for work range from 10am to 5pm, so I bill this amount if the client really wants hourly invoicing. Reeder on MacOS and iOS does most of this (except 2). It’s a native app and you don’t need third party services, although integrations are possible. I also use the KillTheNewsletter service for email subscriptions. It varied. I got my first programming job on Upwork (React Native), and it was around $3/hr. At the time, it felt magical earning something from the internet, and I was in college at the time. $3 was the amount I spent a day. It went sideways due to various things. Then I did a couple of tasks for a fixed priced and then went on to a React job for $18/hr. Most of my jobs have been around $20/hr, which is wonderful where I live. I tried raising, but good luck with that when it shows you're not in a developed country. But the major burden was the tracking. After, there were the shifty clients, the client that won't communicate with you, and the ones that consider you as a serf. Now I've got the work experience and the savings to be really picky about work. So, I can take my sweet time to consider posting, if I ever go back to Upwork. Pretty much this. I've been learning Common Lisp and the way I try to design my programs is to have a somewhat clear understand on how your data should transform from input to output. Then you write the functions. Let's say your data is a log file and you want to load everything in memory. You write the code that returns the data, which you either store in a variable or compose with other functions. At the end, you compose all of these functions in your programs. Everything is an expression, meaning that you can extract things easily into functions. This is how you make things readable. `load-log-from-file` and `auth-failure-count` is better than keeping everything together in a single function. No real standard library. You have the web API or the Node API to work with, and both are inconsistent. The language is very permissive, making it not only easy to shoot yourself in the foot, but in the head as well. There is no easy way to say that your code is semantically correct because JS will allow it to digest anything. So, unless you do thorough review, bad code can easily get through. Dependency hell if you're using NPM. I'd be happy if the community was focusing on implementing some kind of default set of libraries, instead of adding syntactic sugar now and then on top of JS. I remember switching from Java to Kotlin, and the collection API was a real pleasure to work with. But in JS, everyone wants to use their set of libraries. Creating a starter project will get you hundreds of dependencies that you can never vet. You can definitely do that, the real issue is tracking changes you made to the webpages to alter them later, like adding a new form section. Also the DOM API is not the most consistent. But if you're well-disciplined in coding, it can be done, but make sure you have designed your implementation because the language itself is very permissive. Very much not necessary, but you can use a library for a more consistent DOM manipulation, like jQuery or UmbrellaJS [1]. You'll need some kind of backend, and you can either make your web app server rendered, which means embedding your frontend inside the backend, mostly by using the backend template language. Or split the two and communicate via XHR/AJAX. If your forms are static, something like Netlify Forms and Netlify Identity can take care of both submissions and authorizations. [0]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/ [1]: https://umbrellajs.com/ My own way of thinking is both spatially and visually. I encode all my understanding into visual concepts (which may be very abstract), and link them to each other. That makes it difficult for me to do direct recall if I'm not given sufficient context. But makes it easy to connect things and do pattern matching. When I'm explaining, I found myself wandering down a particular path that I think the other person may not understand well, but can backtrack to the main conversation. Most desktop nowadays have a compositor that rely on the gpu to render nice effects like blur, transparency, animations (including keeping the content of the window while dragging). I have a similar need for work (k8s instead of docker) and I just use the routing table on my router and `/etc/hosts` files (need domain names fir certificates) works easy. I was reading a science-fiction book [0], where they refer to the biological sex as being a manform or a womanform, but the personal articles are the indication of the person gender, either man, woman, or neutral. My own native language is genderless, so unless you precise the sex or other biological attributes, there's no way to determine if you're speaking of a male or a female. [0]: The Machineries of Empire series Familiarity with the controls can be learned easily on a low traffic road or a terrain/parking lot. But what I found most people lack is spatial awareness. And I don’t think simulators are a great way to teach it. Emacs is cool, but I prefer VIM because of its leanness (and I'm quite fast with it). Sublime Text when I want that GUI nicety and JetBrains for languages that do require an IDE. If the workers lack the work ethic, you let go of them. Either that their output is valuable enough that work ethic (aka being present 9-5) does not matter that much, or they just don't care about the job to actually do it. I've been under that kind of supervision (not so extreme) and the only result was feeling dread about actually working. I do lucid dreaming, mostly when I wake up one or two hours before I intended. It's often the most pressing things on your mind, and it seems like a weird oscillation between being awake and asleep (I sometime achieve the same state when falling asleep with stimuli like having the TV and the lights on). It feels like your unconscious create a world using the figments of the things on your mind. And you're just a character experiencing the unfolding events. Then your conscious thought emerges and notices the irregularities and tries to fix them. I'm a visual person, so for me the “edits” feels like what you see on TV when altering time. Until you got tired again, and things go back to the first state. The peculiar thing is that you do not question the constructed reality and try to wake up. You just feel that you can alter it, and indeed do so. I'd like to have a scan of my cerebral activity because I often wake up very mentally tired after such sessions. I used that [0] when I've needed some kind of markdown markup. But this day I just use a small app called Tot[1] to jot things down quickly. [0]: https://stackedit.io [1]: https://tot.rocks/ My own blog is on bearblog.dev. There's also nicheless.blog if you want a shorter length as a constraint – and excuse ;). I've tried setting a static generator and even wrote my own, but I spent more time fiddling with them than writing. Now I just write. Pretty much raw thoughts like how I would speak with a friend. Doing more structured writing takes all the joy about it for me. When I started learning programming – just when I was starting high school – it was a very mechanical practice. I read something in a book, tried it and the results would match most of the time. I could understand what the code was doing, but not how it did it. Until I learn assembly and memory models when I was researching rootkits – infosec was the most exciting thing for me at that time. Then it dawned on me that programming was about manipulating data in a specific way to get the result you want. That made everything easier, looking past syntax and tooling to seek only data flows and intent. Ctrl used to be where Caps Lock is on some keyboards and today, you can map Caps Lock to Ctrl in Mac OS snd Linux. It will make more sense when you do that as pressing the shortcut will be much easier (home row). I think the key thing to being funny is to actually find humor in situations and be willing to share it with others, but not at the expanse of someone. So, it requires a mind always eager to find the positive side in almost every circumstance. There's no formula, but my usual methodology is to use logical analogy, but in a very absurd way. I describe logical scenes, emphasizing on certain actions which would never really happen, but could fit if the people were in a comedy movie. As to being likable, empathy, trust, and generosity go a long way. You have to understand how people feel and let people understand that you are a reliable person. Occasionally, it doesn't click as they have a different philosophy of life and that's okay. AFAIK, there is always a separation between the program (represented by the code) and the process (the execution of the program by the machine). To “hyperprogram”, we would need to merge the two. I view the program as a space-based entity and the process as a time-based entity. How do we map time to space? Especially if it's a non-deterministic process? Lisp macros allow us to specify multiple versions of code at compile time. And Lisp conditions allow us to redefine or discard runtime contexts. But this time-based manipulation is simpler than what you seemingly want. The easiest way I can think of is to offer an API to track the evolution of types, but I'm guessing the performance hit would be heavy. The two examples are human errors easily avoidable by reading the documentation. And some mechanism that uses types like method overload should be transparent from a behavior perspective. > In any case, I need to add a test for that. You don’t test types. If you have a ‘trim’ method that accepts a string, you don’t unit test it with an array, unless you plan to add a test for every possible types. Static typing can help prevent a human calling it with the wrong type, but won’t prevent calling it with the wrong runtime values, like after casting an Any to string. Static typing do syntax check, not runtime check. When I’m talking about testing behavior, it’s about testing that the code does what it’s supposed to. Not what the arguments is. So you test that ‘trim’ works on all strings, including empty. What static typing helps in checking assumptions when programming, but every bet is off when executing. Especially when interacting with the outside world. If someone changes the code, it’s on them to notify everyone about breaking changes. If the documentation says that the method accept dict, and you call it with dataframes, it’s on you to check that it will continue to work with dataframes, not on me to ensure that someone is calling it with dataframes if I use specific code related to dict. Maybe, but using static types is not a panacea either. It only make it easier to assume that someone have correctly constructed the value and that all manipulation have been correct so far. The type checker helps by checking that if the assumption is true, everything down the line is also true. But only in the context of the code, not in the context of the process itself, where the assumption may be incorrect, or the chain is broken somewhere due to bad logic (that’s when off-by-one errors arise). Nothing is a silver bullet. Static types can make life easier by preventing some meaningless code, but they don’t ensure correct programs. My resting face makes people assume I'm very focused. I usually am, but only to the activity, not the task. People tends not to approach me as they assume I'm very busy, both a pro and a con in a social setting. I also realize I made some people uncomfortable, as they are not used to such investigative gaze. But the real pro is that people never really try to bullshit me or pester me with petty concerns. I also got car sick when I’m not the one driving. I think it’s related to the anticipation of motion. If you’re driving, you can expect the responses your body is going to send to you. The same thing happens to me with new games and drastic changes of screen size. My brain has to get familiar with the camera movement and rotation patterns for me to not be nauseous. It does not happens when I ride as a passenger on a bike, maybe because I have much greater control of my body. Sipser’s is quite good and more introductory than most. You can try also Code by C. Petzold if you need some general understanding about computers and also Lectures on Computation by R. Freynman. And MIT OCW have lectures by Sipser. Coding may be abstract, but execution of the resulting program is not. And results of the execution is driven by real world needs. Truth is that a human can invent things because it can pattern match across whole domains. You can say there is a mechanic solution to that, how can we do an algorithm that have the same result. AI cannot unless the algorithm was already created. I think the current state of AI is great for searching and creating starting point, but it can never get us to the finish line. Not really unless you’re stuck on a problem. And it may be better to google it and find the original solution and its context. It is hard to read code because you have to recreate the abstract model of the program in your head so you can understand it. Imagine doing that for AI’s code you can’t really trust because its provenance is not related to a real context, but something constructed with your ambiguous prompt. Describing accurately what a program to do is already possible with a programming language. But it requires logic and an understanding on what a program can do and how it does it. People that want AI either wants a way to help deduce the logic needed to solve a problem or want to automate the boring part of the implementation. The first can already be done by researching and the second by creating and using frameworks. Unless we find a way to add actual reasoning and creativity to AI, I wouldn’t feel threatened. Because coding do involve the two. As well as writing and painting. So there will always be a human at the helm. But what AI is becoming good at is finding patterns and reproducing outlined steps. And if you job can be resumed to these, then you’re in danger. I use LanguageTools as a grammar checker, and the last update included suggestion by AI. It’s quite nice as a way to explore alternate versions of my writing. But some of them don’t reflect what I’m trying to say. I don’t think I will ever trust an AI without a human as a filter. As someone who is dealing with this problem (27" 1440p monitor), I read that macOS renders the whole screen as a whole, instead of having a separate path for text. And there is a threshold PPI before it uses 2x assets. I had to use either a blurred rendering for bigger UI elements or the sharp, but small, representation at the native resolution. BetterDisplay[0] helped by tricking the OS to use the 2x assets at a smaller resolution. Still not as clear as my MBA's screen. [0]: https://github.com/waydabber/BetterDisplay I don't really upvote here unless I think that the comment expresses some good ideas. Upvoting is akin to me saying "This is well said" or "Thanks for pointing this out". As anigbrowl pointed out, you could do better by writing better comments. The book "On Writing Well" has helped me a lot on this. There are still things to improve. But English is not my native language, so I don't really worry much about it. I watched “1899” last week and it was excellent. The characters seems real despite the very slow revealing of their backstories. I can’t stand most blockbuster movies. There’s always so much action going on that characters and plot suffer. No real dialogue between people. Just exposition and one-liners. And everything seems to be rushing. Compare Black Addams to Dune. Mad Max was also fast-paced, but the director knows that and focuses on the action to describe the characters instead of adding useless one-liners and forced jokes. This is one of the reasons that pushes me towards create a document first with HTML, then style it with CSS. If needs be – interactivity —, add a bit of JS. Space can look good when you're designing on a 27" screen, but on the iPad or the MBA, it is wasteful. Butterick's Practical Typography[0] and Beautiful Racket[1] are currently my standard for websites and a delight to browse. [0]: https://practicaltypography.com/ [1]: https://beautifulracket.com/ IMO, pagination only makes sense when you want to save bandwidth and computation. Like, if each item has images, that need to be fetched. If there is pagination, I'd prefer the option to choose the number of items in the list. Bear.app for evergreen notes (concept by Andy M.). Apple notes for dumping things down (inbox). Tot when I need to save some snippet of information. I believe because it always mean On/Enabled/Active when it’s green. So consistent meaning. My biggest disappointment was that 1899 was cancelled by Netflix. Shows like that can be watched decades afterwards. I don’t know about the current M1 CPU, but my last work computer was a 2015 MBP and the fan was always on. Plugging a monitor enabled the dedicated GPU. So I had to keep it plugged so it does not crawl to a stop due to throttling. Being in tropical weather did not help either. The battery bulged within one year. And the one I replaced it was deteriorating fast. My current mac mini has much better thermal and I bought an MBA for light and mobile uses. I played Apex Legends (Shooter) almost exclusively since 2019, and Dirt Rally 2 (Race Sim), a while before that. Both games have a high skill ceiling. What helps me were: - Research. While the game may have a tutorial, some mechanism may be hidden or assumed by the devs that you're already familiar with them. DR2 was a sim, so I had to learn a lot of real rally stuff (Manual is better than automatic). I played a few shooters before Apex, but each patch rotates the meta, and you have to keep up to date about how to adjust your play style. - Watching people play (YouTube, Twitch). Other than the technical stuff and mechanical skills, there are a lot of macro and micro decisions that can only be learned by trial and errors. Or watching people do them and reasoning from first principles on why they do it. You either play a lot, or watch people who are excellent play. - Critical mindset. Everytime you make a mistake, I make a mental note on the cause (bad decision, lack of mechanical skills, or just bad luck,...) and how I can do better next time. Only the mechanical skill should be instinctual, anything else should be planned and strategized. A loss or a win should be explained by the string of decisions taken since the start of the game. - Mechanical skills. You can't get around this. You have to splurge the time to actually do the stuff. In a sim, that means I have to relate the pressure on the analog trigger with the amount of acceleration and brake. And how much I have to move the stick to steer by a specific angle, as well as knowing when to shift up and down by ear. In Apex, it means recoil control, tracking, counting bullets mentally while shooting, all the movement stuff, and recognizing the audio cues. TL;DR. You notice you're doing something wrong, you learn what it is, and you practice the correct way. This was a hard requirement for playing the Soul series. > it's usually a sign of bad play to put one's self in a situation that requires raw-outskilling one's opponent. Mechanical skills are good, but mechanical skills and good positioning are great. Most people only think about shooting in the shooter genre. Typically, when I win, my kills were as easy as shooting fish in a barrel. There are only a few good defensive positions in a given map. Once I hold one down, you have to outnumber me by at least 3 to 1 to kill me (Apex Legends) (or push me out with ordinances, but the same bad players never use them). In addition, it helps if you can immerse yourself in the game. Reloading feels as natural to me as actually reloading a gun with my hands. Steering a car feels like I'm moving a toy car with my hand. Visual and audio cues should be triggers to make your fingers move. You don't see the enemy as a character on the screen, the enemy is actually before you and you rotate to put him/her/it right in front of you. Racing is all about feeling, there are only two things, your speed and your trajectory, and you're adjusting to make them feel right. Also, there is no stronghold in a good map design. There is always a way for someone to come behind your back. That holds true for both you and your opponents. With your headphones, you only have to swerve left and right to “see” all around you. If you ever wonder how someone can react so fast. Scrobbles through Last.fm? But I don't think you can export directly from Spotify (maybe through playlist and one of the music transfer tools? I mostly use Spotify to listen through a recommended album. And ads bother me, so I switched to premium (It's 2.99 for me). I have a local library of ALAC albums that I like. I used Syncthing to sync it to my home server, where there is a Plex installation (When I want to play via the ATV). And I convert to AAC 256kbps to my iPhone (Bluetooth is lossy anyway). More hassle than playing via Spotify, but the latter's UX is so bad that it's worth it. Also I have some excellent headphones (Hifiman Sundara and Sennheiser 6XX). I dont have a kid, but between work, chores, and other hobbies, I can only have 1 or 2 hours a day to watch anything. I can only slot a movie or a single episode within that time frame. Also, it’s something I do together with my partner so we always pick something that suits us both. And our backlog is getting bigger as we are adding older movies. The cancellation of 1899 was a big blow for me. It’s the kind of show you can’t really binge watch as it requires focus to really follow what’s going on. And I think it would have grown its audience organically over time. What role did it play in the launch? And what things did it help you discover? It’s rare for people that say that AI is amazing to give even a bit of details how it helped them. It’s always the same thing: It makes me faster and more productive, and I learned something faster than with anything else. But never any details on why and how. I have a USB mic that has a headphones output, which echoes your voice and whatever the mic hears. It's quite nice. But I always do a quick check with the volume meter in zoom or in the sound settings (Mac OS) so I can speak at my normal level. And I usually speak quietly. They trusted the "Red Queen". /s I'm not in an English-speaking country, but I work with an American company. What I do that improves my listening is consuming my media in English. I watched movies, videos, and pretty much everything in English. I also listen to audiobooks. But the biggest improvement is done by reading books. I read a ton of fictions, mostly fantasy and science fiction. These tend to have a wider range of vocabulary than even non-fiction. You miss out a lot. There is barely any zombies in the show. It deals mostly with things that would occur between human in the context of apocalypse. Distrust and love, losing a loved one in an instant and the following despair, not giving up and loneliness when no one can afford to care, and revenge and other stuff. It’s mostly a character story, and there are barely action scenes. > information that couldn't exist in a book or a blog post I think that exists somewhere. Maybe not something that is specific to situation, but there is enough information out there that can lead you easily to the solution. That’s why I prefer research instead of this AI assisted workflow. Instead of giving me the specific knowledge I need, it lets me know what I didn’t know and give me much more information to reason about. You can even deliver with a single person. But that leads to more time spent on building. Adding more people adds more time spent on communication. There is a sweet point somewhere, but there's no formula to find it, as many factors depend on the human side of the software developers. Algorithms challenge? Yes. As long the interviewer is ok with explanations as I don't bother retaining syntax most of the time, if it's not the language I'm using for day to day work. I can come up with a solution in C or even Assembly, but only in rough terms. I'm also ok with a take home challenge if the scope is small, the intent to hire me is clear, and it will take only a few hours to complete. Engaging means thinking about the author’s words as in you’re in a debate/discussion. You may agree, but notice something you need to research more about. You may disagree and not down why you do. You may want to summarize the point he is making. You may want to link it to another work. For myself, I don’t really do it if I’m new to the subject, maybe a few lines about each chapter. But once I’ve read a few different books, I’m starting to form my own opinion or try to link concepts across books. This is what my notes are about. Happy paths and edge cases. The computer view of the world is very rigid. Most of the effort spent on programming, IMO, is coming up with solutions to handle all the way the algorithm could fail, especially when dealing with inputs and outputs. The great thing about research is having a much wider view of the problem and the surrounding context. Generating a solution with LLMs is like looking through a window instead of climbing on the roof. In my country, children use tennis balls (they are cheap) to play some version of football in halls or some enclosed space. The tennis ball is shaved because it will get dirty and wet. It results in an extremely slippery and bouncy ball. Football was practically the only sport we could play (anything can be a ball if it can be kicked) but you can only play at recess and after school outside. And most of the time is hanging out with kids learning social norms (you lose sometimes, somebody may be better than you, it is mostly a team effort, rules are for a reason,…). I’m glad I got to spend my childhood offline. I think there’s an app on Apple TV that can play files over smb. VLC does thats as well. I have macs and can play anything from my diy nas over smb as well. But I use Logitech Media Server, because I can control it from my phone, my tablet and my computers. And play through almost every speaker I have (airplay). Emacs is more like an ecosystem around text, so switching keybinding does not matter much. And most people's system is installed on a single computer, very much like Photoshop or Visual Studio. Vim is all about editing text and the keybinding are like a DSL for this purpose, so changing things will make you awkward everywhere. 45 mbps/down, 28 mbps/up fiber. 105 USD/month. Port-au-Prince, Haiti In Haiti, you can only get an ID card when you become an adult at 18. Anything that requires identification would need your birth certificate and the presence of your parents as you can’t be bound legally otherwise. Not the OP. I used to work hard at night in my early 20s, but now ( approaching 30s), I find it hard to even think about work when the day’s over. I play games sometimes, I have a backlog of movies I want to watch — I have a nice system — and I have various things on my plate to learn. Reading books — fiction — can take a huge chunk of my personal time, and I enjoy spending an hour or two listening to music albums in my collection. It does not really matter in terms of speed and productivity. But it helps in one way. Not thinking about typing means only the problem - and the solution - is your focus. As soon as you think of something, it appears, without needing to go back and forth. This led me to learn vim and now editing text is a mental model and not an activity. I can think several steps ahead while my fingers follow. That remind me when I wanted to develop mobile apps. I had a jailbroken iPhone and there was this little IDE that allowed you to write Objective-C and get a UI up for your program. I did not have an external keyboard but you could transfer files via SFTP. Fun times. Now I have lots of compute power and can barely muster the energy to program anything Gang violence and unavailability of public services. To relax, I play games, watch movies, and read books. I take special solace in chatting with my SO. I'm reading more philosophy now to reframe how I think about stuff (stoicism). Not really must-have, but I've built an ecosystem around these: Alfred: Start point of every task. Keyboard Maestro: Improve workflow withing apps Rectangle: Window Management Bartender: Cleaner menu bar Things 3: Task Management and General Inbox for stuff Bear: Personal Knowledge Management Anybox: Bookmarks Management Secrets: Password Manager Reeder: RSS and Read-it Later Calibre: E-Books Management Cleanshot: Screen Capture I don't really see the iPad as a laptop replacement. My laptop (MBA) is a mobile workstation. I have a Mac Mini as a work computer, and I view my laptop as the mobile equivalent. But if I only need to consume content or do tasks like writing, drawing, or quick editing in this case, it's a suitable device. The reduced multitasking is a plus in this case, and I wish that Space and Stage Manager on the laptop were not that clunky. N.B. I have the iPad Air 4, and it's quite light compared to the MBA. And I can use a smaller bag when going out. Hooks use a different paradigm, which is a solution to a problem you encounter when doing functional programming, which is persistence and side effects. The whole of React is to build a tree of objects that will be rendered into a HTML page. The previous class-based architecture made it easy to store state and add side effects to this tree, by using properties and methods. But pure functional programming makes these awkward as functions are transient, only transforming parameters into return values. I don't know exactly how – never had the time to properly research it – but, my current guess is that the hooks code taps into the scheduler/dispatcher – which handles the execution of the function representing the component – and stores value and logic somewhere. It uses the order of these calls as keys – you don't have to specify them – and provides the stored values as return values of the call of the hooks functions. Hooks are escape hatches from the functional paradigm of React's components. You are always providing new values, and it decides when to store the updated version – mostly based on the deps array. You then get back what you stored. On the surface, it's still basically functional, but the actual logic is not. It's more like a repository of code and values. This is the best part. Especially with JavaScript with so much difference in runtime and the importance of babel. Even the `loop` DSL can be broken down to basic lisp structure. The flexibility of the language, by allowing itself to be altered, is the most important aspect for me. After completing a first version of a solution, I often find my mind wandering searching for a cleaner, more understandable version of the code. And this is usually done by molding the language to the problem domain. Something like React in JavaScript exemplifies this. JSX was added for an easier developer experience, but the issue itself is created by the separation of code and data in the language. And CLOS would be perfect for the Component model. > What if programs live in places, live in physical objects in your space? For instance, you might place all kinds of computational objects in your kitchen: timers above your stove; knife work reference overlays above your cutting board; a representation of your fridge’s contents; a catalog of recipes organized by season; etc. I'd prefer an OS that spans multiple devices. Something how computers behave in “The Expanse” where someone can flick stuff from their mobile device to another system for a better workspace. If I'm typing this on my workstation, but want to switch environment and bring something light like a tablet or just my phone, I could send the tab and it would retain its state. The closest to something like this is a server-client architecture like Logitech Media Server. A paradigm like this would be more useful than immersion. This is also why I like Vim. Buffer is a separate concept from File, adding an extra flexibility – in terms of layout – to how I edit to complete my current task. I want a similar flexibility with applications, at least lightweight – state wise – ones. CloudKit and Handoff are close, but very brittle. Apps like Bear, Reeder, Anybox, Things 3, make switching devices seamless. Another good example is handoff between the HomePod and the iPhone. I had different encyclopedias at home, most of them targeted to kids. There were two which had specific subjects. One, science and the other, the human body. I believe they would have been more helpful than the internet – I did not have the internet, or even a computer at home at the time – because of the tactile experience. On a computer, everything blends together, and you have to do a more conscious effort to recall a particular fact. Later, I had access to Encarta but, I still preferred reading the physical books. This has shaped my current learning process. I liked to explore a subject instead of getting a direct answer right away. Even when I'm googling, I click on a couple of results first before I'm satisfied. I'm not comfortable with ChatGPT for the same reason. FZF.vim is what you need, both for opening files and switching buffers. Because what most people wanted was listening to music, not owning music. And a lot of them are ok paying a fee periodically to do so. It could have been the same for movies, but siloes and prices are making this frustrating. Apart from dev work, almost off the other apps I use has a tablet and phone version. But I wouldn’t want the phone version other than staying on top of things. I’m typing this on the iPhone only because I’m laying on the couch and too lazy to get up. Even reading an ebook is a pain on such small screen. You can use emails to rss services as sources. I do that for everyone that asks for my email to keep me “updated”. Infuse is what you want if you only have movies and other video collections. Emacs is a text ecosystem. And it's trivial to add these shortcuts. Evil[0] basically rewires everything to be Vim. [0]: https://github.com/emacs-evil/evil Enjoy it while you can. I love computer science and programming. But there’s so much CRUD apps you can work on before it stops being exciting. Now, I just do my job in the work hours, then move to personal stuff in my spare time. Unless it’s for myself, I wouldn’t work on anything if not for the money. And the notation are introduced to you gradually. Even books that do not have a chapter on the notation used, will have a reference page. If not, you’re not reading introductory material and some background is assumed. These tools are enabled by the owner of the repository. And I think consent has precedence over license terms. But this seems like an escape hatch for using your code as a training material. I have astigmatism and reflected light is a lot better than direct light. Reading on a phone or a laptop screen without glasses is a massive pain. But I don’t go everywhere with them, and I’d prefer using my phone flashlight to read the paper menu. If you're more video oriented, a quite nice overview can be found on YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvPPXbo87ds I use an email to RSS service. You may want to do a Find and Replace (piramid to pyramid). VS Code is primarily an editor, while JetBrains's products are IDEs. You can add extensions to make VS Code more an IDE. And I'd like to see benchmarks proving your point. If you're using VS Code as an editor, others like Sublime Text, Notepad++, Kate and TextMate make it seem very slow. The actual slow part is the source code analysis (that is quite robust). Apart from that, I've never noticed any real slowness. I have an M1 MBA and WebStorm is quite responsive. I've not touched Eclipse since 2015, but I remember it was fast even then. > I don’t know where the exact reasonable line is for revenge when you’ve been enslaved, but I’m certain they went well and unquestionably over it. If so, pretty much every nation is guilty of genocide. The Spanish eliminated the natives in Hispaniola and Latin America. Saint Domingue was basically a meat grinder under the French. There were basically no international law, only allies. I don’t condemn genocide, but do you think if the rebellion failed, the French would have pardoned everyone? Dessalines was guilty of genocide, but most other nations have done worse (Napoleon and his wars). N.B. Haiti is very small. And the white population was tiny at the time. People always going on about that because black slaves killed white slave owners 200 years ago. Pro in Apple world means more powerful hardware + extra niceties. Not a different ecosystem. If the music files already have clipping, there’s not much that can be done. I just steer away from badly mastered music. There are enough good producers out there to not subject myself to that. Maybe that’s why they won’t promote soccer in the US. 2x45 minutes of game separated by only 15 minutes. And I wish the NBA was like F1 where you pay a subscription and you have access to pretty much everything. I don’t mind sponsored labels and name drops. Designers changing stuff to have something to do? The system preferences redesign is the first thing that has bugged me (I moved to Mac around 2019). There was no need at all and because they use Catalyst, the icons, and the text are tiny. My work laptop (Dell XPS) has one and I've never used it. It runs Ubuntu and everything is much faster with the mouse (external) than touching the screen. I'm on my MBA, and I've never felt the urge to touch the screen for anything. And even with the iPad, there is always this friction when context switching from keyboard to pencil. I either use it in tablet mode (touch and pencil) or writing mode (and I always want some pointing device then). If only I could find a graphic tablet similar to the apple trackpad! Nah. JS is fine for apps that need it. But a lot doesn't (every blog and news site) where JS is used for obnoxious animations and dark patterns. And now the unwritten contract between users and companies has been broken, so I’d very much prefer most applications to be in the browser where they are contained instead of installed on my computer. Ebooks: - Calibre to manage my offline collection: In case the Internet goes down or some site disappears - Zotero (Papers and books to learn from) Images: - Apple Photos: I only take pictures with my iPhone - Screenshot: Automatically goes to my desktop, which is synced with iCloud. Movies: - I have a old Mini that I use as a file server. Everything is there Documents: - PARA method (I barely produced documents on my personal devices, so I haven't upgraded anything) Music: - I have an offline FLAC library, but streaming is more convenient right now. I'm using the `Collection/Artists/Albums` folder pattern. There's not much else, I only hoard books (and my favorite albums). Anything else can be deleted. I have Starlink, which gives me a US IP when I connect to it, and I was surprised to see the amount of ads people there are subjected. Most don’t do business where I am, so their free tier is effectively without ads for me (except twitch. It choses to show me US ads for some reason). > Imo Google (basically by accident) owns the best place social network for the next decade - YouTube. Does it? I mostly use YouTube on my Apple TV, and the few times I open it elsewhere, I barely check the comments other than to check the audience reception. There are no conversations there. We have a saying in my country that roughly translates to “Stupids gift, but who don’t take are idiots”. If you give something away for free, there will be always someone who takes it. Facebook is free, and people were using it. But they left once people got exasperated due to ads and other stuff. TikTok is free now, but you’ll see a similar migration once the enshitification process begins. I don’t have ads on YouTube in my country, but my feed is still being manipulated (it’s eery to see how they want my attention). I travel or use a VPN and the experience goes straight down the drain. I could pay, but would they stop manipulating the feed or collecting my data? I’ll be using YouTube as long as they keeping it free. If it becomes paid, I will if the terms are worth it. Assets and Libraries. I remember including the Firebase Libraries in your react native app more than double its size because of gRPC or something. Not a lot of places care about size optimization anymore (looking at MW Warzone and every electron apps) HTML was built for documents. And documents was supposed to stand on their own, like man pages. Because the web was not meant for applications, but documents. Even JS was a toy project to do fun stuff. Now, we want full-fledged applications on top of it because it happens to be the common platform and learning JS is easy (no types, no pointers). As soon as Flash came to be, we should have thought of a standard better suited for applications. Don't know about ME, but I have many native apps on my Mac, and it's jarring when switching to any electron app. It's always janky. It’s not like it’s a dark pattern, hidden under multiple layers of disinformation and redirection. Apps have always been siloed on iOS and it has even got better as some apps can break out of the container model (PDF Viewer is a prime example). I bought an iPhone and an iPad knowing that. If it ever bugs me, I switch to Android (which, BTW, is moving to the container model). Which means Obsidian could have requested permissions for the folder to be placed somewhere else (Textastic can access random folders on the filesystem). Even though my phone and my tablet is capable of being a general purpose device, it was not the reason I bought them. They have a specific purpose and they are filling it well. I wouldn’t buy a microwave and complain I can’t make cakes with it. It's memory management, not memory minimalism. I'm always hovering about 12 GB out of my 16 GB MBA, but never have any issue opening a project or opening 10–20 tabs (rookie number) and I have a few apps that are always running. I believe that macOS uses the RAM for caching files, so the reported usage is not really tied to the number of apps running. There are memory-heavy workflows, but these are outliers. Even 8 GB would be fine for most of what I do. freshrss is nice I was listening to a talk (strange loop conf, can’t search the talk itself) where the speaker claims C and languages derived from it feel clunky because they were invented, while Lisp, Haskell were discovered. The latter group is more cohesive and relies on simpler truths instead of the amalgam of idioms you can find in Java. I concur with this because programming with Clojure feels wonderful. Your code is a straight line from input to solution. With imperative languages, you see yourself applying the duct tape. I have the Sony XM3-1000H. I got it because of the noise-cancelling features when I go to my coworking space, or just want a bit of extra quiet. But my preferred headphones are the Sennheiser HD-6XX. And for focused listening, I have a pair of Hifiman Sundara, which cost as much as the Sony. The point is, I bought bluetooth headphones because they fit my purpose. But simple and wired is always my favorite aspect for headphones (I had a pair that I replaced the headphone cable thrice). As a freelancer on Upwork in 2018 First $100 = Writing scripts and doing the odd jobs First $1k = Working on a web application. I’m from Haiti (living expenses are a fraction of US ones and I’m in EST), I’m also a good dev and speak English well. So, I guess it felt like hiring someone from South Florida at a bargain price. Also I learned quickly how to avoid bad clients ;). > The real issue IMO is that users do not understand that ads pay for their apps Because it does not make any sense. No one wants to be shown something he does not find interesting or important, even if they say that they will. So if you believe people should watch, read, or listen to your ads, you've been living in a bubble. > They want everything free. It would be nice if everything were free, but only small children believe that. People know they got to pay for cars, houses, clothes, and education. And they do because it's valuable. They also pay for apps that are valuable to them. If they don't use something unless it's free, that's because its value is 0. > This just encourages subscriptions. There are subscriptions in the real world, like phone, internet, and electricity. I do not mind subscriptions, for music streaming, or apps that require continuous maintenance (support fees). But most apps are done (or should be, apart from the bugs) and they should just provide a license. New feature requests should be added to the backlog for the new version. Take Duolingo, I could have paid $3 a month for the service (that's their value to me). But no way, I'm paying $7 a month. However, they say: "Hey, you can use it for free". So, I do. And the ads are just so ugly that they bring the whole app down to their level. So now, I'm even less appreciative of their service. And when the ads will get too irritating, I will just stop using their "free" service. And I've paid the 273 dollars for a Michel Thomas course. Because no ads, just good content. > It's free in the sense, ideally, you should contribute something. In the case of ads - it's your eyes. No, it's not. Either something is free or is not. Either I chose to pay or I don't. If it's not free and I choose to pay, I can enjoy the service. If I choose not to pay, they can refuse me. If it's free, and I pay (donate), good. If I decide not to pay, it's on you to bear the cost. I don't have any obligation to you. It's not mandatory to read, watch and listen to ads. And most people choose not to, or they tune out, especially when it's not related in any way to their current activity. > In society you pay taxes for services you perceive as (locally) free. On the internet you pay with ads (at least for now). The government also knows that it's the working part of society that pays taxes. And it has the incentive to make that part the biggest percentage of the population. I don't see the same trend with these big platforms. They don't want to provide a service, they want to sell ads. And as such, I'm not their clientele. If you really wish to provide something for free, but you don't have the means to do so, you can ask for donations or provide extra benefits for people that are willing to pay for it. If no one is willing, then that just means it's not valuable for anyone at the price it costs. The moment you start selling ads, your priority is to grow your audience, so you can sell more ads. Not to provide a better service or product, in exchange for money. Because the former is easy (add dark patterns) while the latter is more difficult. IMO, Apple has the right strategy. Provide a good ecosystem, that you can use by buying the hardware. If you don't and try to use other means of access (Hackintosh) don't blame them for stuff not working. Microsoft could have done the same and only supported valid Windows licenses, but they wanted to capture the market. And now they're showing ads driving down the quality. > Nothing is stopping you from driving these services into the ground. And you will. Nothing is eternal. If you grow beyond what is sustainable because of investors' money and then find out your product is not so valuable, and you pivot to dark patterns and ads, then yes, it's a failure. And if YouTube did not exist, maybe we would have something similar to Wikipedia for videos, with a drastic improvement in quality. Science tells you there's a truth and gives you the methods to find it. Religion says it's the truth, and wants you to follow it. It's the same thing as giving a fish or teaching how to fish. Receiving a fish is convenient, but I'd rather not depend on someone for food. > That's the theoretical response. In practice: how would I sell my car without ads? You make an announcement that you have a car to sell. Maybe provide some details. I don't think people mind announcement. They mind the intrusion and manipulation. So, I don't mind seeing in the paper that someone has a car to sell. But I absolutely hate when I'm forced to watch that you have the most beautiful car when I'm just loading an article. Still an announcement. But if the goal is to promote, then it’s an advertisment. There’s a difference between making known that there’s something to buy and enticing people to buy something. It may be the way to do business (because competition) but that does not means I should subject myself to it, especially its current form. I think it’s because some people wants to impose their values on others, especially if it gives them an advantage in society. Moral values are fluid and can be manipulated, facts are not. Religion used to shroud values into fictions and present them as the truth. But, because science are demystifying most of them, leaving only the moral parts, people are starting to see that moral values are relatives, not absolutes, and it involves only oneself. So now, they want to dress science as one of the other religions, something that is wrong. Functional programming is all about substitution as an evaluation mechanism. So you do substitution until it’s no longer possible. The final expression is thus your solution or how you can find your solution. And the final expression is equivalent to the initial one. The state does not lies in the code, but in the set of variables. Once a specific combination of variable/values is known, so is the output. That’s the C abstract machine, not the Lisp one. > The people who _enjoy_ the toil seem to truly struggle to comprehend that someone might not want to spend hours upon hours learning how to get things working, only to immediately forget. One of the tips in The Pragmatic Programmer is "Achieve Editor Fluency", wherever it's Vim, VS Code, or Sublime Text. I use IDEA for java code because in my job, I browse code more often than I edit it, and IDEA is nice for that. I also use WebStorm for the JS part because it's also good for that. But I invested my time into VIM because I can do everything above with it and even more. I don't want my editor to become an IDE, I want it to be powerful in editing and allow for integration, as there are slews of tools that work with code and text. You should invest in your tools, be it Vim or VS Code. I chose Vim and Sublime Text because of their speed, and JetBrains' IDEs because of their code analysis engine. You may have different criteria, but try to follow the tip. It's always been like this. Vim is an editor, and so is Sublime Text, Emacs, VS Code, Geany, Kate, Notepad++, and more. What sets vim apart is its ubiquity (it's been on every Linux box I touched) and its philosophy of editing text (modal editing). Apart from that, it's a matter of preferences and practicality. Because it's been here before the formatter and will be here after it. I don't think there is any support for any formatting tool, except the general act of formatting for every formatting tool. And if you find your config has multiple lines just to format languages you've touched, then it's time to build a plugin or search for one. And if you find it, and it's quite not like you want, extend it as most plugins are open source and free. If the tool doesn't suit you, build your own or find another. JetBrains product has always been fast for me, as I wouldn't run them on a 10-year-old computer with an HDD drive. They've been very configurable, more than other IDEs I've used. An IDE is a host of tools, so the UI can be dense because they can do so much stuff. You invest in your tools, and that can also mean buying a powerful enough computer to do the stuff you want. I have Safari, Anybox, and Alfred, and the three works together in a nice way to save anything interesting quickly. And once in a while, I comb through the inbox and sort them out. If I ever need to explore a subject, I then have a collection of links ready. I feel uncomfortable whenever I have 10+ tabs open. It felt that I’m not focusing enough on my research (taking the proper time to read and reflect in order to find a solution). The only things I hoard are books. They are more like my antilibrary (things I’d like to have read already) than collecting everything I encounter. > my macbook now seems to often stutter for 2-3 seconds switching spaces Wow, mine (M1 MBA) is less than one second. I either use command+tab or the trackpad. I’d be crossed too if it took that long for me. Apache A k8s implementation Vim has the potential to do a lot of stuff. It is extensible to a point that you can build any JetBrains' IDE with it (their main selling point is the code analysis part). But right out of the box, editing is its only strong point. GUI is more discoverable than terminal software. You open a project with WebStorm, it can already understand it, and you can configure a build process in a few clicks. Same! I can't stand bright light at night unless I'm doing something that warrant that (cleaning dishes, searching for something,...). I have a single desk lamp in my living room and just enough light to not bump to things in my bedroom. And my TV is not that bright (no HDR). I match the brightness of my devices to this amount of light, and sleep comes easily. Another thing I swear by is blackout curtains. When I turn off the lights to sleep, it should be dark. Anytime I turn on the main lights, it's like a shot of adrenaline as everything is just so bright. All the websites demanding that I disable my adblocker say that they definitely will. They don't even need to be big. They just need to cover a subject, but most of it needs to be the library code instead of a thin wrapper around multiple libraries. Take Carbon, the PHP library. It is centered around date time manipulation and provides a cleaner alternative to the standard library. It only has 6 dependencies, and I figure it wouldn't take long to vet it. The Laravel Framework also has few dependencies, and it was a delight to browse. I created a small Node+Express project, added a few dependencies to handle things like CORS, API Authentication, ORM, and data validation, and my node_modules folder has 300 packages already. Frontend wise, it's worse. I only used a few libraries when I was doing Android, most of them utilities and vendor SDKs. And the contrast is even higher in another project I'm working on. The Java Code takes less than 10 minutes to build, while the frontend code turns the laptop into a jet. Wow. There is even one package to not use a JavaScript object: https://www.npmjs.com/package/conf > Those Java frameworks that go in and mock classes are complicated, but they are all hidden behind a "single" dependency. I'd take complicated and sane over the literal software illusions that many npm packages are. > Regarding front end build times, if a frontend website is taking any amount of time to build, something else is wrong; Not necessarily. Any production build should start from scratch (the dependencies may be cached). There was a campaign on Twitch not long ago. Also, I watch F1 and they have a really premium position on the McLaren cars. I don't mind in these cases. Because I already have to present my ID card or my driver's license, when I'm doing most of this. I'd buy a cheap laptop, label it as a banking and ecommerce laptop/tablet, and use it to browse the corporate web. More friction, yes, but I'd welcome it as it would make me reluctant to interact with them. Any other sites that try would just end on my blacklist. It's not about preventing, it's about controlling. Making everything as an appliance is the backbone of consumerism. You buy what is offered (and a support period in most cases). Not a promise. No one buys a consumer car and expects it to run on water the next month. There are still single board computers and Linux to play with. I pay for Bear.app. It amounts to something like $14 dollars a year. But it's a beautifully crafted app and while it uses a database instead of files, it has good export capabilities. I consider that a donation at this point. > I’ll stay on the “I deleted my meta and I’m not coming back” fence. I deleted it and, so far, no noticeable impact on my life (and that's in a country where almost everyone who has a smartphone is guaranteed to be on Facebook). Almost nothing of worth is being posted on them. The pitfall of social media is that they don't reflect social interactions. The algorithm process is unnatural. I only want to hear about my friends and a selection of people and institutions I choose. I don't need to hear about LeBron James because I watched a video clip. Or be shown ads for some weird games, as I've not played on my phone or computers for ages. The simplified interaction mechanism missing downvote/dislike/hate is another thing I dislike. If I can approve, I should be able to disapprove. That's why I prefer Reddit to Twitter. What's at the top is either something useful or echoing the culture of the community. I've been interacting with forums more these days, and it's a breath of fresh air. No engagement, only discussions and information. Some are showing ads, but I don't mind as it's always pertaining to the subject of the forum. Note-taking. I was good at understanding stuff, but the only example of note-taking I had has been religiously copying everything the teacher was writing, and school was always about memorizing. I distrusted that heavily because it feels so alien to me. Now I've learned about proper note-taking and learning new stuff is effortless. One of the things I'm grateful for is that my father has numerous books, especially encyclopedias. Even if they were old, I learned so much stuff that I would have not been exposed to or would have the time today to learn. The only real restriction in the house was porn and violence in graphic form. The zettelkasten site and forum: https://zettelkasten.de The book "How to build a second brain" by Tiago Forte. Andy Matuschak's site: https://notes.andymatuschak.org/About_these_notes The Garden movement (it is the motivation) How to take smart notes by Ahrens And a lot of research and trying stuff. Now, I outline stuff while I'm reading (the good books) explaining stuff as I would to another person. Then I do a synthesis by grouping related stuff together, adding them to previous notes and creating new ones. Then I link these groups together, as everything is related, and you can find the links if you're curious enough. I have a 2011 mac mini that is being used as a file/media/misc apps server right now. I’ve also got a 2020 m1 mba (personal) and a xps 15 (from work) and while the xps is more powerful, it does not feel as nice as the mba (no noise, feels solid). I’m not at all happy with apple’s restrictions, but they build nice tools. When i want something to tinker with, I choose something else. Or I can get a proper workstation (which I already have because I need it for proper work) which will run circle around the dex. Have you tried to run Android Studio with a big project? You need some good computing power for indexing the code and building it. As a technical user (I was rooting my phone to get upgrades and remove bloatware and I was jailbreaking out of iphone), I got bored out of doing customization. I just want something to work and do the stuff I need to do. If I need to tinker, I will buy something to tinker with, but I don’t want that in other areas of my life. I don’t want to modify my fridge or my washing machine (I know what I should learn to do it). If my iPhone can no longer do what I need, i’ll switch. And these days, I’m against the kitchen sink. I watch movies on a TV (there’s always one anywhere I’ve been) I read books on an e-reader, and I have a DAP for listening to music (except today, streaming is becoming more convenient for general listening). And most of my computing is done on my laptop. My phone is very much an appliance because I don’t need it to do much, just that it does it reliably. Bank and government sites can implement it for all I care (I would buy a cheapo device to interact with them). As for my job, the laptop is already theirs. Any sites that try to implement this would be just missing me. The web enabled globalism due to its free aspect. And if they want to restrict it, I'm pretty sure someone will come with an alternate protocol. > Institutions will try to preserve the problem to which they are the solution. Clay Shirky Most people don't care because they view their computing devices as a utility or a tool. I save my breath in these cases because convenience trumps everything for them, including ownership and control. Most of my childhood was without the internet, I'm not unwilling to go back to a mostly offline life. Shouldn't professionals have backup tools? The use case may be interesting, but it's not something that I'd want to rely on. > Consider a scenario where ad-networks not paying participants who does not attest via their selected attestor.. How long would it take the whole service industry to adopt "select" attestors? Anyone showing ads to me instead of taking my money is just fooling themselves. Because I block most of them, and the unskippable ones (twitch), I mute or I move to something else. YouTube does not show ads in my country, and this is the only reason I still use it on my Apple TV. If the whole service adopts it (I don't foresee it), that means they don't want me as a customer. So unless something is essential (government services,...), I wouldn't bother with them, and the list of essential things is very short. But I don't foresee it. Restricting your user base like this by enforcing correct browsers and platforms means doing the work for any competitor that does not. Doesn't HTTP has an header [0] for this? The user can opt easily in and out. I've just read the specs and find that it's being deprecated. Why? It may not be granular, but I believe anyone opting out of telemetry also does not want marketing tracking. [0]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/DN... > Website analytics can be incredibly useful for designers and developers; giving those up would be a huge hit to a lot of companies, large and small, so it's understandable that they're not going to do so. I'll believe that when they don't have a huge banner that's covering a fourth of the page. I traveled and I wonder why someone would use Youtube's free tier, There's like an ads every 3 minutes, plus the ones when the video starts (Youtube don't show ads in my country). My Twitch usage has gone down a lot because of 7-8 ads in a row. I would subscribe to the few creators I follow if not for the friction when I want to quickly check another creator's page (give me like at least 15 minutes without ads). I’m moving to Firefox as my main browser, and the amount of sites that break because of me blocking JavaScript (with ublock) is staggering. I can understand SPA being JS only, but simple blogs and other content sites, no. > The AdTech system isn't ideal, but it would be great if the people who criticize it came up with something other than "fuck the small businesses and content producers". The thing is that people do hear about products and contents. Trailers are ads, products announcement are also ads. Sponsorship is ads. What people do not want is intrusive ads. It feels like someone going through my bedroom and bathroom, then talking to people about my underwear. Next, these people shout to me when I'm going to buy groceries. This is what the adtech is like nowadays. So content creators, paywall your content and add sponsorship. Small businesses, announce your product and sponsor articles on relevant forums. But stop interrupting people when they're doing nothing that's relevant to you. AKA consumer surveys. Telemetry in software is never worth it in my opinion. The only part that is useful is crash detection and logging. But if the goal is to decide what is important or no, the data just become self reinforcing. You have all those feature request boards and items with multiple votes on it and the company never act on them (Looking at you, Spotify), so what is the usefulness on the telemetry then? The whole blu-ray.com website is pretty much ads. But I don't mind and I often visit the site to see what movies has been released and read the review to see if it's worth watching (production wise). Goodreads also is ads, because the description is written to appeal to you. I don't want to see blu-ray ads when I'm shopping for clothes, and I don't want to see books ads when I'm buying electronic gears (unless the book is about the gears). So yeah, ads can be targeted. It's just that companies now feel entitled to your attention 24/7 that the whole adtech spac is what it is now. > Everyone is very actively working on making the browser dead and serving you content exclusively via corporate controled apps on locked platforms. Aka cable box. Company can mandate whatever software they want. It’s their computer, their data, and their workflow. You’re not IT, so if they’re ok with sending data to Google, your hands are tied. I avoid doing any personal stuff on my work laptop. Even quick searches. Doppler is my backup plan: https://brushedtype.co/doppler/ I ‘m watching “A new hope” and “Waterworld” and it’s amazing how practical effects can hold up. I’m not against CGI, but they’re all over the place in Marvel’s movies. Even “The Ten Commandments” is more watchable than “Love and Thunder” > VSC already has so much built into it; and all this conversation about not taking your hands away from the home row is BS. VSC is a very good tool. And if someone needs to be productive right away, it's easy to get him going. Vim has a steeper learning curve, but it is easy to make it your own, perfectly suited to you and your projects. As you said, it's not one or another. I use VSC now and then, but going back to my Vim setup is always a delight. The arguments about the home row are valid. With VIM, text on the screen become an extension of your thinking. And your finger and the keyboard are just the medium that connects both. How I do an action is how I think about doing it. Moving around and editing text has the same cognitive load as entering new text. The things that require me to go away from the home row are unusual operations that also require my full focus and attention. Expo always if you want something akin to web apps in features, with a few extra. Go native (swift, kotlin) if you want something that should be a mobile app. Keyboardio Roost Stand Accessories4less Svsound We are social animals and having in person interactions would probably boost the team’s cohesion. But it’s not a requirement and we’d have plenty examples of projects built over virtual meeting and async communications. I just edit things in the web inspector and then paste the values in the css file when I’m satisfied. Only happened once to me, when i wanted to get out of beta builds. Most languages are open source, it should not be difficult to extract their parser and do this stuff. As far as I know, only Babel ( JavaScript ) and Java have a plugin ecosystem, but only related to compiling. All of them (MBA, iPad Air, iPhone, e-reader). And they’re still lighter than my old inspiron). Not really for 2. I have a MBA and it heats up when I do an OCR of a scanned book. And I don’t want touch friendly app on MacOs, I actually like the dense UI found in IDEs and graphic softwares because, they’re very efficient with the mouse. 13-14 inch is the perfect screen size for me (16 if I wanted to work on the go). But it would be unwieldy as a tablet. I download the torrent file and use a service like put or seedr. There’s no need to have a torrent client on your devices. Thousands? The OS is specifically tied to the hardware. You buy the hardware and the OS is free of charge. They don’t sell separate licenses. Based on what I’m seeing from computer usage by my relatives, they wouldn’t care less if they can do these things: 1) Browse the web 2) read pdfs and docx 3) use a word processor (and maybe a spreadsheet 4) play medias like music and videos. A lot of people are ok using their phone as their primary device. And a chromebook and access to google suite would fill the rest of their needs. I’d install linux mint and they’d only notice the interface is different. It respects user choice where there’s a choice to be made. Most of your examples seems to points to things that are not included by design. Dropbox with important data—not backup, just in case the computer dies on me. Books and music synced across several computers. Not backed up as I can redownload them, but would prefer not to. Documents synced with iCloud. Movies and TV Shows on a small server (a Mac Mini) with a couple of external HDDs. --- My Downloads folder is my inbox, as anything created by me is already in its proper folder. I go through it at least every day and add each file to the relevant library. Every once in a while, I just delete everything in this folder. I only take photos with my iPhone, which is synced with iCloud. I mostly write notes (Bear), todo lists (Things). Anything else is tied to a project, and I have something similar to PARA for them. I'm using a 24" (4K, I wanted the DPI). I don't even use the laptop screen (either clamshell mode or I just turn it off). It's enough for having two windows side by side (docs + code). Anything else is a context switch, so I don't mind Alt|Command+tab or using virtual desktop (when I need to preserve the context). When I discovered Goodreads, I wasn’t a proponent of plain text yet. And it was great for discovering books and authors. I barely used the social aspect, treating it as a database of books instead. Mutagen is great for syncing. It’s very fast and painless to setup. You can ask someone to produce a pin-up version of Minnie Mouse, but good luck using it in any commercial activities. Most LLMs are just profiteering from people’s labor without their consent. And there’s nothing new being produced. It’s always a statistical output of previous works. Have you trained as an artist? It’s very different from what LLMs are. If you’re good enough, you can reproduce any style, but people try not to because it’s obvious. And more importantly, you avoid copying ideas and presentation. But the most glaring issue is attribution. You can avoid paying, but not doing attributions is my pet peeve. Even when doing fanart, fanfics, and parodies, most people take care to mention where their inspiration comes from. > What stops you from getting a profit? OpenAI and Stable Diffusion not paying for their dataset. I don’t believe GitHub asked for my contribution to Copilot. Someones comes to me to ask for a drawing of Batman or to write an erotic story around Supergirl. I can do it, but I cannot claim ownership over the characters. And I think I will quickly get a letter from DC or Marvel if I try to do this at scale. It’s compression + filtering. Nothing generative. Its output is like 99.99 % deterministic. > make sufficient changes to the design I think that’s one of the issue. The transformation done by these tools are mechanical. Even if it may be extensive. The human input is too small. Omniman may have similarities with Superman, but he is not him in the larger context of the story. LLMs can not yet be that consistent for marketable output that deserves to be copyrightable. I’m perfectly fine for LLMs to aid with spell checking and alternative phrasing (image is a grayer area). Bu the ideas of prompts and prompt output being copyrightable is something I oppose. None. I don’t have slack on my personal devices. And I shut down the work laptop at the end of day. Code source + Assets or binary? I have the premium option and it’s nice. I use it primarily as a spellchecking tool. And it sometimes detect when I use the wrong style (English is my third language). > And so my prediction is that we will see a reversal to the mean of history, and cryptography become again a govt granted privilege with conditions attached. Electronic financial transactions (banking, e-commerce,...) and commercial communications are two main reasons we won't see this. Too much impact on the economic levels and the government already have access to this data, so it will be just cons, no pro. You won't catch bad actors, they will move to illegal services and protocols. I think the voice of reason just prevailed and they realized that it's a bad idea. The only next step I can see is the requirement for data persistence to be done inside the country. > Microsoft, Google, Apple etc are keeping the keys that allow you to push updates secret Governments can provide immunity, which companies can't do. Companies try not to do these kinds of stealing, governments don't care. Youtube doesn’t show ads in my country. Anytime I use a vpn or I travel, I can’t believe how bad the free tier is. My twitch consumption has gone way down because of the ads. Watching the last NBA season was so annoying. I felt more than half of the broadcast was ads. It takes willpower to actively avoid distractions. Using a single purpose device can improve the experience: an ereader for books, a DAP for listening to music… They have a dongle that is pretty nice. But why would I want to run my really nice headphones with iPhone as the source? > I rather like the approach of editing the original question/solution. I believe we need the history, especially when dealing with legacy versions. The first thing I usually check is the date or contexts to infer it. It's apple only (tvos, ios, and macos). The yearly subscription is for enabling formats and resolutions, I believe. They don't have a server part. They just scan your sources (smb shares, cloud drives, plex, jellyfin, emby,...) and present a library. My setup is Jellyfin (old Mac Mini with ubuntu server) + Infuse on Apple TV as the player. Apple TV 4K (129 USD) + Infuse (10 USD/yr) is the perfect player for me. The only con is that it does not support anything atmos other than Dolby Digital Plus, but my setup is 5.1 only, so I don't mind. In my car, the mirror controls are on the door, close to my left hand. It’s a d-pad with an additional switch to choose which mirror. Adjusting the mirror can be done without looking. Only an occasional glance to verify. Due to ergonomics, I just airdrop it to my mac—easier to click a link than to copy it. From mac to iphone, I copy-paste (universal clipboard) I'm not a native English speaker, but ChatGPT answers in each interaction I had with it sound bland. And I dislike the bite-sized format of it. I'm reading "Amusing Ourselves to Death" by Neil Postman and while you may agree or disagree with his take, he developed it in a very coherent way, exploring several aspects. ChatGPT's output falls into the same uncanny valley as the robotic voice from text to speech software, understandable, but no human does write that way. ChatGPT as an autocompletion tool is fine, IMO. As well as generating alternative sentences. But anything longer than a paragraph falls back to the uncanny valley. We use languages to express ideas. Sentences are always subordinate to the ideas. It's very obvious when you try to communicate in another language you're not fluent in. You have the thought, but you can't find the words. The same thing happens when writing code, taking ideas from the business domain and translating it into code. I did. On Windows, Python had (still have?) a good offline help. And it included a nice getting started tutorial. The only book I had was “The C Programming Language”. But they ignited my interest enough to start researching, and I landed on the "Site du Zero" (now OpenClassrooms) platform. The web was sparser, but better, in these days (2010). > But in order to truly serve things like web apps rather than documents it needs to have primitives like list virtualization. Why not create a UI system, like X Window over the web (I know X can be done over the network) specifically for web apps? Solve the issue at the root and leave the DOM to documents. Remember T9? I haven't much experience with it—I'm young. But it was a much more pleasant experience than the current experience with touch screen. Swiping works, but I feel it requires too much cognitive energy. As soon as a conversation is taking longer than this paragraph, I tend to call the person instead. 0: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/T9_(predictive_text) > Sorry, but that is pretty much the standard way to install apps on windows. Maybe now, but when I was on XP and, later, Windows 7, you only had a handful of software you would use (I have all of them on a CD, and later on an HDD). Things like VLC, Notepad++, Codeblocks, Office, and others. It requires trust, but these programs did not phone home, AFAIK, every second. That's what we lost, trust in our computer and the software programs running on it. And now, it is a hostile relation between customers and software developers. I wasn't concerned about VLC tracking the file I opened with it, or Office scanning my documents. A failure of the school, then. > if you have to glue together multiple unfamiliar APIs and packages, maybe even seeing a couple new ones per day, you often throw away your code,... Maybe take the time to be familiar with them? I think that is a description of an unhealthy job. It's like asking an average mechanic to handle optimizing for an f1 car in day 1, then asking him to improve the endurance of a rally car the next day! Then telling them the main point is to market the sponsors, so no need to be perfect. Haitian Creole is like this. There are a few phonemes that are represented by two letters, but the distinction is there both in writing and in speech. I use Infuse on my Apple TV and Jellyfin is a nice backend for it (not necessary though). It’s just a nicer interaction than fiddling with an HTPC. Dash - An offline documentation browser for MacOS. These days, I found that online searches is a bit wasteful–I never have time to configure specific site- search in Alfred. Kinda useful for languages like Go, Common Lisp and Clojure. VMs - Specifically with Parallels Desktop. I'm a bit fed up with MacOS packagers. I prefer having a small VM, where things are at least consistent. And no risks of NPM contaminations. KeePassium Things iA Writer Bobby Streaks 1Writer Anybox Bear Doppler BookPlayer Reeder That's pretty much all the apps that I use. I can't support Ads and I pay for quality apps that doesn't have to rely on them. Getting Things Done by D. Allen: I don't really follow the methodology, but it taught me the importance of always having a clear task list for your days and projects you may have. Value-based fees by A. Weiss: I was a freelancer and it taught me the importance of building a relationship that's more than just providing a service. So Good They Can't ignore you by C. Newport: Got my head of the sand and makes me realize that no one really thinks that you're special. You can only get ahead with your project by being valuable (Not sure this is the exact message, but that's what I learned) Atomic Habits by J. Clear: Helped me realize that big changes comes from small actions. So I always try to frame what I want to achieve in that way. I think it would be more impactful if you contribute to Linux Mint and Elementary. The former reminds me of Windows 7 and the latter is a MacOS lookalike. > by virtue of the fact that machines can also understand it. I'd argue strongly against understanding. Our computers are just sophisticated version of Jacquard Loom and music box. Why use tools? Just be a product manager and you'd attain the same result. It seems like you already have a list of pain points you can improve on. Apple’s Music is not that good (and less clients than spotify) but it’s the one I chose just because of being centered around albums and a deterministic interface. Library management is hellish on spotify LG has 4k 24 inch monitors. The DPI is amazing (not so much for color fidelity). I moved back to audio courses (michel thomas) and grammar workbooks. Worked very well The way I use my laptop (plugged and always attached to a monitor, keyboard and external mouse), a desktop would be the most appropriate choice. And no, I don't want to work at coffee shop and a smaller, lighter, cheaper laptop could do if I wanted to be mobile around the house (WFH). I don’t know if it’s from Calm Technology, but here something that i read about recently: Don’t make humans act like a computer and don’t make the computer act like a human. The first part is something I believe in this case. It’s ok to think with pen and paper (and I do when trying to find an algorithm) But I stop short of implementation details, instead typing out code. Why? Because text editors is much more flexible in this particular case (live programming environment, REPLs, or a quick code-compile-run cycle are much more useful) And the second part is why I don’t like LLMs for code generation. Snippets are more deterministic. I’m ok with it for suggestions of ideas I can explore (in books, not with the LLM) > The sad part is that nobody really prevents us from seizing the network. I don't think we need to subvert the network. What we need to do is foster interest-specific community. As a child, I did not have access to the internet. I spent my days playing with friends and my communities were my family, the street I lived in, and my school. Now my most used mobile app is WhatsApp where I interact only with people I know (I pruned my contact book) and because SMS and calls are not cheap. They added something called Channels that I'm not enabling. The other platform I visit is Hacker news, for tech related discussions. I don't care about Facebook, Twitter, or Google. The majority of people that does use them do not understand what is HTML or a domain name (based on my entourage). I don't know if we can evade their grasps on our data (shadow profiling), but I know I'm not using them. And I try to evangelize people about them. But I don't have faith that the majority of people will abandon those social platforms. But I've done and now I'm purposely seeking more specific communities online. Yes. Local to Cloud, not Cloud to Local. As for Photos, I'd do a weekly or monthly export if I did not have the space to store the library locally (I do). > It loads (fast). There's no obnoxious modals or even ads. Most forums are faster (head-fi, mobileread). And twitter is chokeful of ads and spammy replies. Not that old, but I have astigmatism. And every spot of light has a glow around it. Black on white is better because the characters only got thinner. But light characters on dark background is like having tiny projectors and the shapes are not recognizable at a glance. Same here. My todo list is mostly a reminder list and “don’t forget” items. Projects may need organizing but it usually just a matter of allocating the time for planning. I was too young for PDA (My introduction to tech was iPhone 3G-4 and Windows XP SP2). But I've been looking at demos on Youtube and they do practically all I need (Except calling, but I rarely do that to). I've reduced the apps I use to a similar state, but I'd like the physical keyboard back and a cursor like the the one on the Apple TV remote. I would be perfectly happy paying for a browser (60% or more of my computing) if it was aligned to my incentive (better extension than safari’s and no third party like pocket) I think there was a company doing that (Carbon?) I first saw them on Laravel’s site. And I did read their ads. Like I read the ads in the few magazines I read, because the products are themed with my current activity. I don’t think someone would complain seeing cars ads on a blog centered around cars if it is done in a calm way Maligned usage is what they’re doing. Cookies is good for storing state as HTTP is stateless. Bu if you storing some marker so you can track me around the web, it’s in bad faith. Just like a program can use 4 GB of RAM if that’s needed but something that is just greedily taking memory is what we call a malware. Is it private? I think a lot of people put videos up because they want it to be public. The expectation was for the creators not to pay hosting/storage/processing fees because Youtube will add ads when the video is playing. I choose not to see ads then it’s Youtube loss. They can’t decide what I do with data on my computer. It’s their rights not to send me data, but not to say what I choose to do with it. Imagine buying a bluray and they told you to watch it twice a week at least or the data will get scrambled. No! They want me to look at their videos because they need me to look at their ads. I choose the former, not the latter. There’s various way they could enforce their rules but they won’t do it because they want the maximum people they can get. I’m not asking for free content, they are pushing it to me. I just take the content and leave the ads out. I won't. Lots of news sites do and I just go back. With lisp, I only need functions.