This design is like all others that involve separated, segregated facilities: Cyclists are at extreme risk of getting right hooked by turning drivers who will assume they have the supreme right of way even if they do see the bicyclists they mow over. Little tweaks like moving the stopping positions around have no effect on oblivious cagers. No it hasn't. Cyc has been widely reported on outside of academic circles for decades. It last got a lot a buzz when Watson was preparing to debut on Jeopardy. It can be viewed as a copyright circumvention "device". If they published the code in a book like was done with PGP it could be viewed has having a legitimate existence as a physical work. It is when you have a networked device that speaks X protocol. They were common in the 90's for test equipment and many are still useful today. These sort of legacy devices can't use newer alternatives. The copyright to the code of Popcorntime is held by its authors so a DMCA takedown on the code can't be issued on those grounds. However, it acts as a technology circumvention device (in a circuitous way) since it provides access to media that originally was encrypted. 17§1201 a.2: No person shall manufacture, import, offer to the public, provide, or otherwise traffic in any technology, product, service, device, component, or part thereof, that— (A) is primarily designed or produced for the purpose of circumventing a technological measure that effectively controls access to a work protected under this title; 17§1201 a.3.A: to “circumvent a technological measure” means to descramble a scrambled work, to decrypt an encrypted work, or otherwise to avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate, or impair a technological measure, without the authority of the copyright owner; and They had a vague announcement about organizational changes a few months ago to a "flatter" hierarchy. It was the first hint of the layoffs that have now come to fruition. They still sell embedded DOS. Supporting legacy products is good customer service. It's not like they were spending tons of resources to maintain the code. It doesn't matter if there is an imbalance in the traffic flow. Verizon is being paid to deliver requested packets over IP. That's all they have to do. Singling out Netflix is pointless. If Netflix were replaced with 1000 video streaming sites with the same aggregate traffic volume who would they blame for all the data their customers are pulling in? Verizon desperately wants to avoid being a humble ISP with no way to pull the strings the way do with their telco service. That's why they're playing this game. while() doesn't cast to bool in C. It compares to integer 0 which will become an unconditional jump after optimization. Not to worry. Just the NSA deploying a MITM attack. The bugs will be ironed out soon and your transactions will proceed smoothly as before. Tcl and Python also have (multiple) bolted on OO systems that can be altered at will. It should be grounds for classification as a vexatious litigant since it clearly indicates that they're not serious about following through with a lawsuit and are just running a shakedown operation. They are moving in that direction because they are going to be swamped by cheaper Chinese clones. Some will inevitably have competitive or better image quality, features, battery life, etc. and GoPro must pivot to leverage of their first mover advantage in action cams. "I recommend using servers you've hacked or a VPS paid with bitcoin to hack from." Not a good idea considering Bitcoin isn't anonymous and a sufficiently motivated state can back track to an electronic purchase of bitcoin tied to your identity. He needs to randomize the 1P/2P assignment because Aquarius seems to prefer being on the right side of the tank and gets an unfair advantage as 1P. This is not really a Gamma correction issue (although gamma shouldn't be ignored for other reasons). It is the result of attenutation of high frequency information close to the Nyquist rate (1 pixel wide details) when downsampling. The applied gamma is adding emphasis to these high frequency details so that they survive the anti-aliasing filter and downsampling process. Maybe Watson's inference engine could be reworked into an automated PR generator and put them out of a job. It is still weird. * * is the other established convention used for exponentiation in languages like Python, Ada, m4, and others. If you're the IT admin you need to be sacked if you overreact without reading the full e-mail with this line: The "w0000000t" file is apparently part of a mass compromise of Microsoft FTP servers, which was found but not explained by a French security company named QuarkLabs in this slide Nothing in the message implied that the professor was responsible for anything other than trying to be helpful. Just be glad it wasn't "boffin speak" as the contemptuous British press are so fond of. There was a time when Apple only sold through franchisees and were unable to sell direct. And run like every other industrial egg farm in the US. The license only applies to derivatives of the markdown.pl code. The spec describes a "reverse engineered" implementation that is partially interoperable with the original but isn't actually derived from it. Reverse engineering for the purpose of interoperability is a legal activity in the US. Why would you need a third party to handle that? Just analyze your logs and spam the inactive users for free. The existing LTE version is now strangely listed as the "Gen 1" on the Motorola site. I am not a competitive cyclist but remove the hair on my legs with a depilator in the Spring because my leg pelt retains too much heat in the Summer. There is a noticeable improvement in cooling after it is done. While not the most pleasant process, it avoids stubble and the delayed regrowth means the new hair is sufficiently long to begin providing warmth just in time for when cooler Fall temps arrive. I always considered that to be the real reason why the pros do it with road rash being of secondary concern. Those with shorter leg hair just went along and copied their hairier peers. I replaced mine with a $20 Chinese knockoff when their crappy speed controller burned out. Good riddance. Don't know why they can't figure out how to design brushes that don't jam in the housing either. The GP isn't wrong. Consider all of the mutually unintelligible Chinese dialects that use the exact same script. Corporations, yes. Companies, no. Nobody founds a corporation. Pandoc is a powerful tool but it has some serious limitations. Nothing more sophisticated than it's own flavor of Markdown is supported. "Simple" things like internal references to anything other than headings are impossible. I had to abandon it after realizing how restricted its ReST parser is compared to the official Docutils. Outsourced. Kodak ditched its internal electronics development years ago. It is now just a brand slapped on whitebox designs from Chinese developers like Westinghouse or RCA or a host of other recycled domestic brands. -- Former Kodak employee Google doesn't have ads on the news subdomain. They only make money indirectly by driving traffic to publishers who are Doubleclick customers and adding new behavioral data to the profiles of logged in users. I'd be happy if they'd just let you turn off syntax highlighting for code blocks in the wiki. The default sh highlighter looks like crap if you display code in any unsupported language like assembly or Tcl. tags can be used but then you lose the gray background. That something so simple isn't implemented is the biggest sign of how abandoned Google Code has become. The simple solution to this is to request a password reset from that service and disable their account. Just beware that pretty much every sub $500 bike uses plastic bearing races in the bottom bracket. They will fail after a few thousand miles. All that changed are the default settings. It's unfortunate that Intel didn't document the change but the fix is to add a new step to the drive replacement procedure to reconfigure the firmware. This is a scriptable action. Not that big a deal. The federal government doesn't want its sources and methods exposed. They have allowed moles supplying info to the Soviets to go unprosecuted because nabbing them would have tipped off the Russians that their communication channels weren't secure. It is quite likely that there are passive devices that monitor cell phone channels without tricking them into connecting to a phony base station. These technically wouldn't be "stingrays". That is basically what the SIGINT satellites do. It could certainly be miniaturized for local area monitoring. In any case, the cell providers have basic details of what phones communicate with their towers. It doesn't seem like that avenue wasn't used in this case though. Sometimes you want to do things high level languages don't support. For instance C doesn't let you retrieve the 64-bit result from a 32x32-bit multiply. You have to cast the operands to 64-bit first to get the result even though the hardware provides the answer you want without any extra steps. If this is performance critical code it may require dropping down to assembly. ... damn lies and statistics... and bad journalism. The numbers apparently conflate Asian-Americans with Asian foreign students. A breakdown of the two groups would be more useful to work from given the huge numbers of wealthy Chinese fighting tooth and nail to send their kids to the most prestigious American schools. The numbers are also skewed by simple geography. The West coast has more Asian-Americans and would be more desirable for foreign students in terms of quicker and cheaper travel between home and school. California schools can't be equitably compared to the East coast. In the C grammar, braces denote compound statements. Control flow statements can take any type of statement as their body rather than just the compound variety. There was an engineering issue with wind loading on the clad version of the spire so they left it off. It seems like most of his problems would be alleviated by working on a non-volatile version of the code in a private branch. The kids these days tend to favor a VCS that has this feature. Manning couldn't have happened if they followed their own policies for locking down PCs and restricting access to writable media. Just as many as all of the 8-bit systems in use today. There is no need, in the vast majority of cases, for wide data busses in embedded applications. 16-bit is going to die out, though, like the 4-bit and bitslice processors. The DECT phone standard had to be marketed as "6.0" for the US market because non-technical people were trained to believe that 5.8GHz was better than 2.4GHz and a phone that ran at 1.9GHz would never sell in the US. This is the same thought process driving the audiophools' desire for bigger numbers regardless of reason. It doesn't help that the fundamentals of sampling theory aren't particularly intuitive. I've got a blatant http://.. . hyperlink on the top of my resume. Almost nobody clicks on it. I went to an interview where they requested code samples which they could have already reviewed beforehand if they had just followed that link. The problem is that tons of resumes are getting rejected by ATS' due to low keyword match scores without ever passing across human eyes. Bad Piggies is fun and has better replay value as you unlock more abilities to get to previously unreachable areas. What's more surprising is that no execs from Japan have crossed over to SPE. There was a resource file included with Korean language strings. That either got there because the developers were Korean or as a false flag since malware doesn't otherwise need multilingual support. How about the H-1B employer petition form includes a check box: "Upon penalty of perjury, and imprisonment of no less than 5 years, I certify that this petition is for a highly skilled worker" There is nothing wrong with presenting science in a format with populist appeal. It helps raise the general level of knowledge in society, counteracting the types that want to believe people walked with dinosaurs 10000 years ago. The problem is lying to young people that they have any real opportunity to work in fields with such limited employment prospects. The NEC doesn't do any regulating nor do they have any authority. They write standards that states may or may not adopt and use for their own enforcement. That's why Romex is illegal in Illinois and New York has it's own code. I got tired of updating my resume in Word then Manually generating PDF and massaging a plain text export into something decent. Now I write one document in ReST that is converted to Docbook (with XSLT) then run the Docbook through XSLT to get the meat of a DocX, XSLT to get an XSL-FO derived PDF, and XSLT to get an HTML derived plain text. Obtuse but powerful. Any practical Mars mission is going to require a staging area in LEO or a Lagrange point to assemble a larger interplanetary craft. Dragon will be up to that task. ReST syntax is more sophisticated than even the Pandoc flavor of MD. The ReST parser in Pandoc is very limited and its Docbook output is very restricted as well. It's a nice tool but not there yet for complex documents. It seems like the graphic shading could be replicated with SVG filter effects inserted as a post-processing stage applied to images output from Dia or Visio. I use the determinism with test cases generating random input data. Every run of a test case generates a random seed based off the system time and reports the seed used. When a failure happens, the seed is fixed using an environment variable. Then the failed case can be reproduced until the bug is tracked down. This isn't an unusual practice. The determinism in standard PRNG functions is an important feature not a weakness. Theo is being foolish. If he's unhappy with the way the *rand functions are being used he should just change the code calling into the library to use random seeds derived from a suitable entropy source, not change the library itself. Google should remove all deep links from the search database. Teach them a hard lesson. Inkscape imports Illustrator files which nowadays are just a modified PDF. The attribute mechanism is something a lot of languages would benefit from. Need to know the maximum value of an integer? Just ask the integer type to tell you. No going to a library to look up inscrutable constants. Ada attribute provide a lot more meta information about types and objects than just integer limits. http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Ada_Programming/Attributes Some of these would be methods in modern OO languages but many are unique to Ada. The technology already exists in X11. The problem is getting devices to act as display servers. Sad that he blew £1000 on an "editor" incapable of tidying up the hyphenation mess. > Kramer promises you’ll be able to “focus on work, not your inbox,” as his team works to satisfy two mandates: >1. Deliver a place in which we love working 10+ hours each day. Sounds like IBM is habitually understaffing its workers by 20%. The data is collected from people who think nothing of having intrusive, cycle sucking, third-party toolbars running in their browsers. Probably explains the continued presence of AOL too. Tiling managers become more compelling on large high resolution displays where running everything maximized is inconvenient and you want to ease the burden of shuffling windows around. I'd be happy if the setuptools bdist installer could create a single file that works in 32 and 64-bit Windows and would take care of running 2to3 during the install. The situation now is too painful for me to bother making Windows installers any more. PyPI download numbers are bogus. More than 90% are from mirror bots, not actual users. MIT runs Lincoln Lab which is a think tank / R&D facility for the military. You have to pass through an armed checkpoint to get to the the complex located on an AF base. I would consider that node compromised already. > For these cases, typing rules and annotations will be a boon. You can use PEP3107 annotations today and automatically validate them using a decorator to eliminate boilerplate code like that. They don't have to be something to look forward to tomorrow. It isn't a problem if all you need is a deterministic sequence of numbers that are pseudo-random like what rand() provides. Not every use of a PRNG involves cryptographic security or potentially dangerous exposures of internal state. If you're generating random test case input on a single machine, time() is a perfectly reasonable way to seed a PRNG. A super-robust entropy source isn't a necessity when you just want something nominally random between intermittent runs. Yes. This is very annoying. Apparently this is fixed in 5.0.1 according to the few Gen2 Moto G users who got the Lollipop update. Hopefully it will deployed to everyone else sometime this month. It would seem that the problem is due to overly aggressive memory management that was never properly adjusted for 1GiB RAM. One would hope that the popularity of the G and other small memory Android devices would help push for more efficient memory usage rather than requiring 2GiB+ for a decent experience. For starters, it would be nice if more of the core system was implemented in native code (ART doesn't count). It does strike me as odd that some Ada-isms are present like 'low and 'high, applicable to types and objects, but the ever useful 'range didn't get included. It is a testament to Nim's flexibility that it can be added, effectively as a one-liner. This really should be in the standard library. Not to mention detailed articles on Pokemon products, something with decidedly less cultural impact than Star Wars. Case-insensitivity is not that much of an issue in static languages. It eliminates the burden of having to remember the Studly-Camel-Lumpy-style-du-jour. Accidental name clashes will be caught at compile time. Nim's hybrid approach is more adventurous but I can only see it being a problem with reusing symbols from other case-sensitive languages. Sounds like somebody has a lot of free time. UTF-16 covers the full Unicode space just like UTF-8. You're thinking of UCS-2 (limited to plane 0) as implemented by Windows. Biology is based on complex interactions among proteins and genetic material. There is no way to construct generalities about such systems that bypass careful observation of their inner workings. Just look at how long it took to discover DNA after the discovery of heritable traits. You can't hand wave your way around knowing how these molecules are assembled and transcribed. Mathematics is an invented tool that can be arbitrarily defined to suit a problem space. There will never be a Grothendieck of biology because the mechanisms of life aren't so neat and ordered that they can reduced to first principles. '_' is already idiomatic for throwaway variables. It wouldn't help matters to use it for OOP. Sounds a lot like the utopia of THX1138. You can have this today by inserting an explicit decorator that validates annotated arguments. You can even skip the decorators by dynamically wrapping callables with the validator. I have some low activity Google code sites with analytics enabled. 50% of the referrals now come from a Russian SEO site starting a few months ago. They're generating unique bogus subdomains such as forum.topic52148208.darodar DOT com for each tracker ID they target. Can't Google just blacklist these sites and make them disappear? The technique from the dheera.com article won't work well in this case because the filter is applied non-uniformly as a targeted spot. It becomes much more difficult to generate pixelated patterns to compare against. The Gaussian blur does however enable the simpler use of deconvolution to reveal the obscured digits. In the plus side, it demonstrates how serious the state perceives the threat of "weaponized" javascript and can be a legitimate defense if someone is ever pursued for using noscript-alikes. IBM made other dependable keyboards besides the model M. I have a stash of quiet KB-6323s to last the rest of my years. What's most amazing is how smug and unapologetic the involved LEOs are when they've been interviewed on camera about this incident. One can only hope that the video is accepted as evidence in the civil case and will add a significant multiplier to the damages awarded. It's good for side by side docs/code as a space saving alternative for a multi-monitor setup. > when an 18 wheeler blows out a tire, you need some skills to bring the truck to a successful stop, but even more skills and equipment to effect the repair. An automated truck won't need a conventional cab. It could essentially be a powered sled that rigidly attaches to a trailer with much less forward projection. This would be easier to control in emergency stops. I have a tool that does this. I produced machine generated translations of German and French as an expedient. The German messages were corrected by a native speaker and I cleaned up the French as best I could. When French is in use an extra message is printed appealing for someone to edit the weak translations. I dealt with word order issues by avoiding formatted strings with more than one replacement field. Only one string needs to deal with singular vs plural quantities. Lack of context was a definite problem with the machine translations. It would inconsistently choose translated words that should have been the same because the short string snippets could not be evaluated for their meaning within the narrow domain of the program using them. At least it can be overridden with environment variables. Could this have been influenced by the Japanese colonists in the São Paulo region? The unfortunate thing is that the police won't even bother to ticket drivers who fail to yield to pedestrians in a crosswalk. Most US drivers have no concept of how right-of-way works and their obligations to yield. I've taken to using an airhorn for busy crossings and have been chewed out by cops for expecting my traffic rights to be observed. It would seem that the hyperloop is just an invented charade developed for use as a carrot to manipulate states into dropping their laws against direct sales from car manufacturers. That would explain why Texas is being courted now. They lost out on the gigafactory and may be more willing to capitulate to get a piece of other Musk projects. Won't change a thing. All it will take is the good old standby of "disorderly conduct" to determine that a crime has been committed as justification for a seizure. Look at a cop the wrong way and your cash is as good as gone. In a real production environment that command line would be put into a script parametrized with named variables and the embedded awk scripts would be changed to here-docs. > Both are very famous examples of how depression can be creative. That probably had more to do with their substance abuse. > She also seems not to understand the difference between "No Stopping" and "No Parking", which is pretty clear to me. There are three classifications of restrictions that are commonly applied to limit roadside stops: No stopping - Most restrictive; can't do anything No standing - Brief stops are permitted No parking - Standing in an occupied vehicle is permitted Everyone would know this if licensing requirements in the US weren't a joke. I've been mulling ideas to defeat ANPR without breaking state laws. The simplest may be to use a tilted/warped surrounding frame that interferes with the skew correction of the captured plate. Another thought is to project bright infrared patterns to disrupt unfiltered B&W cameras. There was an early streaming video application for Windows 3.1 that predated RealPlayer. It had some radio stations playing music as well as CNBC. Can't remember the name now. Even earlier was MBone for X11 although that was never more than experimental at the time. Or it's an insurance scam because the owner needed some cash. A staged accident in the middle of an ocean is a nice way to pull that off. The average citizen doesn't care as long as they get their bread and circuses. It was different in the US before ACA (Obamacare) was implemented. Before then, employer subsidized healthcare was significantly cheaper than buying private insurance on the open market. That was a major impetus to taking a full time job. Now, the employer health plans are little better than what you can get through ACA, especially if you're young and healthy and can opt for the cheaper options with less coverage. The heat alone contributes to reduced life of power handling equipment. Most parts of Europe don't have to deal with that. m4 is actually pretty awesome when fulfilling its original purpose of adding macros to programming languages. Certainly it's not hygienic and is a pain to debug but it can work wonders to bypass language limitations especially when dealing with assembly code. Spelling, minor grammar errors, and graffiti is all I'll fix nowadays. I won't bother rewriting awkward sentences or the commonly encountered repetition of the same facts in different paragraphs. I sure as hell won't add new content. That consumes too much of my time for something that will likely be reverted by a pedant who can't stand for their precious to be touched by someone else. He got a 3/2 split on the redefinition of broadband with one of the yeas publicly admitting that she would have rather seen 100Mbit as the threshold. It stands to reason that this will pass too with the current committee makeup. If the GOP wins 2016, however, the future may not be so bright once they install their pro-business people and fix all of this "Socialist" claptrap. Amazing that there was a time that English majors could get hired for programming jobs. Nowadays your resume would be rejected by an ATS without ever passing before human eyes. You would be treated as a non-entity, incapable of offering any value. What are the consequences of using rational numbers by default? I can imagine unexpected bloat when large arrays are in use that you expected to contain native floats but are now a more complex object. It is not "definitely illegal" to set license terms to whatever one wishes including restricting commercial use. The GPL hinges upon copyright to enforce it's provisions. Copying privileges are revoked for people who violate the license. This is a legal "hack" to get around the need to establish a contract or exchange funds. The same sort of rules can be applied for any other criteria such as the type of user. If I want to prohibit blue-eyed people from using my software I am free to do so. Dual licensing isn't a requirement to do this. I would assume the same consumer protection laws that mandate the sale of automotive parts also covers farm equipment. The issue is that the OBD standards have a mode for restricting access (0x27) until the test equipment has passed a challenge-response phase. The exact method varies but it is often a fairly simple scheme such as multiplying a secret key by a random value and returning part of the product for the ECU to confirm. The keys can be discovered by reverse engineering firmware or capturing enough initialization packets to work out the system. One of my ECUs from a defunct manufacturer has the ever original 0x6789 as its key. > Without it, we would not have smartphones, tablets or laptops, including the device you are reading at this very moment. Yes we would. All these things existed without Li-ion. The power/space budget would be more constrained but it was perfectly achievable. What wouldn't work is senselessly burning cycles running managed code in a VM with heaps of battery sucking DRAM. People today have no concept of how much computing power is wasted as excess heat because of modern software development practices. Reminds me of the Lemonade stand BASIC game on Apple ][. It was trivial to beat once I found out you could allocate negative funds to advertising and your account would end up credited. Then the stand just became a front operation laundering money through the print shop. Don Lancaster[1] is notable for producing a long running newsletter with a library of hand coded Postscript to handle layout and rendering of charts and graphs. He provides all the source code for those interested. [1] http://www.tinaja.com/gurgrm01.shtml I love caps lock. Every once in a while I need to type lots of text in all caps and I like not having to ride the shift key when doing this. That doesn't work if you still need some lower case mixed in. Funny to see he's wearing Dolce and Gabbana sneakers. Most likely knockoffs or maybe pilfered from the factory. Reminds me of someone who refused to use revision control because "merges were unreliable". Of course they are when you wait 30 days between commits. > Graduation dates are not required Unfortunately many ATSs like Taleo insist on having your educational history. You can leave it out at peril of being eliminated as a candidate by a single ill-conceived filter. I really hate the guys that insist on "getting a number" right off the bat before they'll even consider opening the door for you. Then there's the ones who offer "benefits" so you should be perfectly happy with $40/hr. Most of them don't even have a direct line to the hiring manager and are slaves to the fickle ATSs. There's no point in talking money if there is no chance of ever having a technical discussion with a human being in the company. When I point this out I often get the apologetic spiel about how they understand but that's the way this company works. It just tells me that this company is only willing to offer 50th percentile pay for 50th percentile workers while demanding a 90th percentile skillset. A bullet I'm happy to dodge. The same can be said for getting lobbyist money out of Congress. Letting the fox mind the hen-house is a horrible way to run a society. I feel for you. Too bad you've just violated the HN groupthink and will get downvoted for speaking the truth. Matplotlib is awesome. I just wish the API was cleaner: figure.set_frameon() axis.set_frame_on() pyplot.xlim() axis.set_xlim() This is really pain to deal with when you convert a plot into a subplot and have to switch to the different axis API. Some of this is damage from copying Matlab's legacy but it could use a polish. If you don't use an editor with IntelliSense you have to constantly look up methods in the docs to find the right spelling. It's called Chromium. There are a lot of industrial applications for agricultural products. Loss of arable land will put a pinch on those supply chains and increase costs of non-food manufactured goods. "The Ladders"? I've never seen a more wretched hive of scum and villainy. I believe that stemmed from a lawsuit by a woman who took offense to those terms being used in some documentation that unfortunately passed through her hands. It's a shame that it doesn't have the mindshare: 27 nim/nimrod questions on SO, 1548 rust. Still not "notable" enough for a Wikipedia entry. I can see nim getting stuck lingering on the margin like Objective-C did before OSX. The funny thing is that the fanboys fight back against this tactic by putting in hundreds of citations to "legitmize" articles about video games. Browse through some of them and you'll often see more citations than most of the math and science articles. Meanwhile, worthwhile articles that don't have rabid fans get deleted due to lack of "noteworthiness" (by someone's arbitrary standard of the day) or citations. > we came up against the 65536 rows limit At which point you have a database and would be better served with a different product designed to work with large data sets or moving data to external ODBC sources that Excel can query. GP didn't ask for full disk encryption, only "mountable disk images" which are far more flexible to deal with in heterogeneous environments. It's not fine because, as is the case with Superfish, this type of software leaves gaping security holes that blackhats can exploit no matter how noble the vendor is. It does seem like this is more of an amateur hour screw-up. It isn't beyond the NSA to plant developers that can insert backdoors on their behalf or set up front companies to sell vulnerable libraries but one would hope that they have enough sense not to leave cleartext passwords in a binary. Of course that could be an intentional misdirection so one never really knows. Superfish might have "benefactors" with deep pockets who want a scapegoat who won't squeal on them. And how does this work when Unicode combining characters come into play? "Ladies and gentlemen of the jury. We will show you how the defendant used the notorious hacker tool known as 'strings' to facilitate his vendetta against Lenovo." Dispute it all you want. It's true. This plagues the lower echelons of society which you may be too distanced from to be aware of. Ask anyone from a school with a large population of students from poor families. When a kid's parents are illiterate and innumerate they tend to not rise above their station. Writing exams are subjectively graded. If you're a liberal arts major you've been indoctrinated into the same system as your graders and are trained to write in a style that they are biased toward. Adding essay questions to standardized entrance exams was a huge mistake I'm glad to have missed. It demonstrates how little the administration cares to maintain an acceptable standard of education in one department. Where else are they dropping the ball? He also claimed that they'd support discs by mail forever, then turned around and tried to hack off that part of the business. Netflix can't be trusted to do what they say they will. Frontier's home city of Rochester had to redeploy fiber for all their trunk lines after a disastrous ice storm in the 90's. You'd still be lucky to get 4Mbit DSL from them. They are bottom feeders only out to milk a dying cow. Improving infrastructure is cost center that doesn't pad the execs wallets so it gets ignored. Holding a position for a few days, hours, minutes, or seconds is not investing. It's gambling. What happens when you have a society composed of nothing but managers and financiers shuffling paper around? SO is much more pleasant if you stick to the less populous niche tags where there isn't a race to get the first answer, pompous mods, and other negative side effects of gamification. I think a better approach is to answer the question as best as possible and provide constructive guidance for a better approach if they are headed down a fruitless path. Those are the best answers when I'm querying SO for solutions to my own problems. This is what disgusts me most with Komen's annual "save the boobies" campaign. It really turned into a circus when they started smearing their marketing gimmick over professional athletes and garbage cans. It speaks to the shallowness of American culture that diseases can be "marketed" for the sake of the almighty buck. The Magnavox Odyssey (1972) was the first console with cartridges to select different games. The Channel F console (1976) was the first with ROM cartridges. Barbie taught a generation that "math is hard". Journalists shouldn't be expected to investigate numbers beyond how well they sit with the text in their screed. It's also suspicious that there are significant numbers earning below or close to the poverty line. I find it hard to believe that these are skilled tech workers doing tasks that can't be done by domestic labor. No. There are no real restrictions on the title of engineer in the US. In some industries (health, civil eng.) you need a PE for public safety reasons but it is rare for engineers to have them in general. A PE can be hard to get in many places because you need at least one coworker with a PE who can vouch for your work. Without one it is an impossibility. A system like Canada's would be nice to have to eliminate the cheapening of the title. The reality is that there are not many business uses for massively parallel computation in a small package. This affects large FPGAs as well. The only real market is in the defense industry where price is no object but it is also a very risk averse industry and is unlikely to take a chance on a startup that could go under at any time not to mention that it prefers parts fabbed on special lines from approved vendors. Software shops aren't going to take a risk on leaving the world they know and are more likely to bang their head trying to make conventional DSPs work if a normal processor won't cut it. Which really proves nothing since the US News rankings are heavily biased toward perceived excellence, other non-objective measures, and objective measures that have no bearing on how well students are actually being educated. Is there really something so special about UWs curriculum that sets them apart from #20 or #100 or do they just have fancier gymnasiums and dorms and more donations from alums? Many EDA tools are using outdated versions of Tcl. 8.5 and 8.6 added significant improvements with hash objects and native OO among them. I've been writing a Tcl clone for use in VHDL and I'm happy with where the language has gone. It was only meant to be used for scripting in the original sense. I like to think of it as the executable JSON with shades of lisp. Detractors should realize that it is still well suited for its niche. Sometimes the schools' hands are tied. The publishers use planned obsolescence to force the newer editions on students. If you can't buy new copies of older, cheaper books then there is no alternative but the shiny new wallet gougers. For most of the history of textbooks there was no color or only spot color for a bit of design flair. It isn't absolutely necessary to impart knowledge in most cases. Ok Google. When can I customize your activation phrase like on Moto X? Vivado is even more heavily dependent on Tcl as they've merged all the separate tools into one application guided solely by Tcl commands. It feels much more like Synopsys Design Compiler which also migrated from its homebrew scripting language to Tcl a few years ago. Read: It would harm the gravy train of patenting government funded research. Not good for Corporate U. Encryption keys can be hidden in a way that is next to impossible to decipher. Superfish level of insecurity doesn't have to be the norm. The downside is that there are no open source libraries that make this possible which is why few people know about it. Private gun sales aren't recorded in the US. I make an effort to upvote questions and comments/answers that have been unfairly downvoted. The same problem plagues HN for anyone who dares to defy the groupthink. The point is that they are investing in the growth of their endowment by seeking to maximize future donations from successful alums. With that goal it is straightforward to select exclusively from the two groups most likely to meet it. A local news station recently did a piece on a former basketball player brought in on scholarship to the local big U who was functionally illiterate. He seems to have had enough resolve to turn himself around but it baffles me how someone like that could be expected to be a "scholar athlete" when they are incapable of college level scholarship. It also speaks to the failure of secondary education that high schools will issue diplomas to unprepared students solely to keep their graduation rates up. > Aliens was one of the first action movies I ever watched (and remembered) and I don't remember ever, at all, thinking that it was odd that a woman was in charge (in fact, all of the strong characters are female). That's because the Ellen Ripley character was originally a man named Martin Roby. Because it lends itself to a more modular design without the complications of managing concurrency across threads and processes. >the electronics agency claimed that the original microprocessor didn’t have enough memory This sounds like an attempt to pass blame. How could their engineers not know from the datasheet if there was enough memory (presumably program flash)? They had a prototype before the KS campaign. They must have had some way to estimate the space requirements for the final design. Flash is cheap. Bumping up to a bigger memory can't possibly be the main cost driver. Embedded applications like this don't need lots of RAM. One has to wonder why such a simple application that boils down to a controlled delay was hard to achieve for them. It seems like they were too focused on a sexy LCD interface driven by god knows what over-engineered software crammed into what should have been a simple device. Now I see that the prototype was an Arduino, probably implemented within the safe shell of the Arduino libs rather than working with the baremetal AVR. Clearly they were way over their heads from the start. I can't fathom why Google doesn't streamline that crap so that it doesn't depend on scripts from two or three separate domains and will properly fallback render to something decent without any scripts. But it doesn't control for gene expression which can be influenced by environment and behavior. I'm waiting for the staging of "Benghazi: The Musical". The only challenge will be timing when the Etsy fad bubble bursts. This has already happened in the US. Pretty galling that the FBI requested one to be returned: http://www.wired.com/2011/11/gps-tracker-times-two/ http://www.wired.com/2010/10/fbi-tracking-device/ Would be interesting if they could lift any prints from the tape on this newest one and publish them. I can't imagine it's easy to apply duct tape with gloves on. I didn't know they had a fixed header. pats NoScript on the head . Cowboy coders don't like to see the holes in their development process. I wouldn't exactly call it "modern". It seems like csh++ while avoiding its mistakes by having Bash as the backend. I suppose this system could be crashed by automatically installing hundreds of millions of instances of the Ask toolbar to the point that it is economically infeasible for them to pay Oracle. Sounds like they're jealous that the NSA gets all the cool toys and they want to play too. Still would need a margin bell which, incidentally, the IBM Displaywriter provided along with more typewriter-like keys. And exploiting cheap, non-union labor in the US. No. they produce much of the flat pack furniture for their US stores in a domestic factory. Not good for plastic gas tanks either. Which gets you what exactly? You can do racy things with an engine running on 87 octane with the two wheeled varieties more than capable of satisfying any speed lust. Triumph has had the same problem with their plastic tanks and have somehow managed to avoid a recall like Ducati did. It doesn't help that European vehicles aren't designed to account for an alien fuel. I'm always puzzled whenever I have to enable a Cloudflare script on a site that clearly doesn't have enough volume to need it and would have been more robust and simpler with a traditional data center. It also annoys me to no end that I have to permit JavaScript from random hosts to support a cloud server that should be completely transparent to me. Engineering has exploded with foreign students who will leave the US with a degree that prints money in their home country. Not so much in America. They need to look at the numbers closer to see where the US students are actually going. Standardized test scores aren't that important after your first professional job. For some reason, though, the financial industry is infatuated with GPAs. The bigger question is why are contact lenses so expensive? The molds are undoubtedly costly but once made they can pump out millions of lenses and it's not significantly more complicated than plastic eyeglass lenses that require more material and have to be cut to the final shape of the frames. Of course the answer is that employer subsidized insurance has created in industry that can engage in predatory pricing when the bulk of the customers aren't directly paying out of their wallet. A USB 3 hub can fulfill any function a traditional docking station would other than extremely low latency I/O which most users don't care about. The concern over lead in the water system is largely focused on lead-based solder in copper pipes. That is restricted largely to postwar homes up until the emergence of PVC and PEX plumbing in the 80's. There goes my PageRank. Thanks Google. Does anyone know of a way to make the landing page at GitHub look less confusing than the default? That is the #1 reason I went with GC. I want first time users to see descriptive text not an activity log. > And not everyone likes using Git to begin with. FWIW. Mercurial can use Git as a backend which would ease the tension for those not enamored with it. > If a farm can't afford water for crops, the crops weren't profitable enough to grow anyway. I suppose you're trying to be sarcastic but this is the plain truth. Government should make some effort to help people prosper. It shouldn't be propping up unsustainable business because of short term economic benefits. The Eastern US is awash in water and has a ton of underutilized, fallow land that is already cleared. The workers can migrate as they already do. We can rebuild our greenhouse industry to get winter vegetables. I don't mind it but the elastomeric paint that shreds up after a year of use is annoying. I've got it on the back of my phone and am hoping they've improved the process to make it more durable. There are a number of useful codecs and filters that have non-free licenses. Debian packages will never have them enabled. Self compiles are the only way to get the ffmpeg kitchen sink. This isn't isolated to Target. Long time data aggregators like Acxiom collect electronic payment records on everyone. Incidentally, they perform contract work for the NSA which undoubtedly has unlimited access to Acxiom's entire dataset. It's not excellent research. All they did is create a naive NN without any feature recognition and noted that it has a high rate of false positives when presented with random imagery. Duh. There is still the problem of handling the effects of DST on repeating events. You have to know the base UTC offset and any additional seasonal offset for the local zone. Then it becomes an issue if you travel to a different locality that doesn't observe DST. GIGO. Just because they used a "Deep" architecture doesn't mean it was suitable for the task. Part of that is that the Japanese excel at processing reams of pointless paperwork to get any little thing done. In addition, the strict social hierarchy forces workers at the bottom of the ladder to stay later than their superiors to demonstrate their commitment to the company. This leads to the ridiculous 12 hour work days possibly followed up by mandatory drinking with the boss after work. Uh no. Comcast's customers are requesting more traffic than they send. That is how residential asymmetric ISP services are specifically designed to be used. Netflix isn't the bogey man just because they offer a service consumers want and have already paid their ISP to deliver. If Netflix was split into 1000 smaller VOD services streaming the same traffic volume who would Comcast blame for having to shoulder the same burden? Hurricane Katrina was also predicted with a detailed article in Scientific American explaining the outcome of the exact same scenario a few years before it actually happened. Naturally nothing was done to prepare. They also invest a lot of money into the software tools and frankly what you can accomplish with the free ones is light years beyond what the full paid tools of 15 years ago could do. Having to compete against an alternate free toolset diminishes their value derived from that investment. I would say it wasn't until the 90's that automation technology was sophisticated enough to start displacing workers. Before then it was used to do new things or amplify worker productivity. A TV remote from the 80's wasn't taking away a job from a house servant who would stand by to change the channel for you. Consider how the development of machine tools in 1800's created more opportunity for work in areas that were previously limited to skilled craftsmen. > Meanwhile, the 30 year old MIT engineer has good odds of making six figures as a senior tech or technical lead. Only in the major urban areas of the left and right coasts. Other places you have to fight to make above 75K. It is the response to the argument that "If you don't have something to hide, you shouldn't mind having your rights trampled on" with the attendant presumption that anyone with something to hide must be a criminal or a T7t. Its not so disturbing when you consider that braces aren't special cased in the C grammar. They group statements so they can be used together where a statement is needed. From the grammar's perspective the "normal" way is without braces. It's just that all the C-alikes have gone a different direction with the way braces are parsed leading everyone to regard the original behavior in C as ugly warts. I wish they would get off their butts and wage war against the referral spam problem that has made analytics useless for low traffic sites. The current filter system is not good enough to combat them. They need to provide a special filter with a curated blacklist that automatically removes all past data logged from the spam sites. USB 3 cables identify their current capacity through resistive values on the ID pin. Voltage negotiation is also permitted for USB 2 although I doubt it's used much outside of niche products designed to work together. Not with Seagate. I have a drive waiting to be fixed because of their silly BSY bug that renders a drive inaccessible. I'll never buy their garbage again. The reality is that often times these foreign workers aren't actually "skilled". They're fresh IIT grads who may be intelligent but haven't enough professional experience to avoid costly problems and delays. The suits only care about next quarter's numbers though. This isn't just classic bigotry recast. The maxim of fairness doesn't extend across political boundaries where cheap foreign labor can siphon money across different economic spheres leaving domestic workers wanting for a job. Actually the whole reason why people object is that isn't fair to have to compete against someone in Bangalore. Displaced workers can't just choose to move to a cheaper country for work. > Such stories are almost never told with skilled immigrants. Because the H1B gravy train means they don't have to sneak into the country. More effective would be to stage a mass walkout with as many coworkers as possible to make the retraining process untenable for those left behind. I recently needed to make a cross platform assembler for a niche 8-bit micro that only has DOS tooling. After cloning it in a small bit of Python I was looking for a simple way to extend it with macros. It turns out that m4 works really well as an asm macro language and I now have advanced facilities like a code generating expression evaluator and high level control flow statements without any significant change to the core assembler. It blows the doors off what contemporary assemblers (nasm, masm, tasm) can do and hearkens back to the high point of high level assemblers when they peaked in the 70s. The difference is that the parts on the older curvy cars didn't fit together all that well. Modern computer designed parts and tooling allow tight construction without the labor to make things line up. That permits more adventurous shaping of parts. This really showed in the "ovalized" Ford Taurus where the rear quarter panels had a long narrow strip extending forward over the roof. Basically a pointless showoff by engineering. That and their tendency to break. Another significant change was the allowance of custom headlight assembly's rather than the few standard sealed bulbs that had to be stuffed into a popup if you wanted a wedge that looked different from everybody else. Very likely it's Bell 202 AFSK. This is specifically designed to run at audio frequencies with 1200 Hz and 2200 Hz tones. You'd have to figure out how the higher protocol levels are implemented but it's probably going to fall within the realm of what is done with AX.25. Many of whom are burning piles of money on $75/month smartphones and television subscriptions (with HBO so they can keep up with the Jones' who are also underwater). My favorite is using Benford's law to find anomalous digit distributions in phony numbers. You can't copyright a random number although I suppose you could insert some deadbeefs for "artistic" effect without compromising the pad. You should read up on how the Clif bar company is run. Pro employee businesses do exist. Because they're scared shitless that Indeed is taking away their business. Monster used to be the leader and they squandered it all away with a crappy, candidate hostile site. Nobody else could come up with something better before Indeed because they were too focused on trying to wedge themselves into the position of profiteering middlemen to bother with improving the actual search process. This would really work better implemented in an FPGA. You could construct a circuit that exhaustively searches for all repeats within a maximum distance rather than just checking a relatively small number of random sequences. Indeed drives traffic to employers that host their own job postings. How is that a bad thing? They also provide their own listings service and aren't "just scraping". Having a way to directly contact an HR department is far more efficient than going through the additional recruiter hoop jumping BS with traditional job sites. The scope of hazard detection and avoidance is vastly different between a tractor in a field and a car on the highway. They solved a self-driving problem for sure but a different problem than the one of general purpose human transport. Design patterns are models, something very much within the wheelhouse of engineering. Engineering doesn't always deal with absolute facts as in science. When an underlying system is too complex to fully describe, simplified modeling can be appropriate. The shift to 401K is more about the financial industry rigging the system so that they have more of other people's money to play with. Need a bigger slush fund? Lobby Congress to make pensions unfeasible through carefully constructed legislation and wait 10 years for the payoff to start rolling in. It's worth noting that Obama himself was not originally planning to run in 2008 due to lack of experience in public office. Tom Daschle is responsible for pushing him to run precisely because he had no track record on hot topic issues that weakened the competition. The US does have more than two parties. Most ballots have anywhere from 3 to 6. It's just that nobody votes for them unless they happen to nominate someone from the big two. Those studies focused on geometric sans serif fonts like Helvetica. Humanist sans fonts have been demonstrated to have higher legibility in print. It's not like a cosmetics company needs a short URL other than to inflate egos in marketing. Corporate videos are pretty low on most people's viewing priority and their target demo isn't going to be manually typing or remembering the address. On the VHDL side the commercial simulators are still way ahead of GHDL. It still doesn't support all of VHDL-93 and it's missing more than just the esoteric dusty corners of the language. The free versions of Modelsim are "crippled" by slowing down interpretation after crossing a threshold of executable lines but they no longer impose a 3x slowdown for code under the threshold. It is quite usable for the scale of designs most people would do on their own and you have to work to hit the LOC threshold. Other missing features are the price you pay for not paying anything. There's also the dumbed down interface that prevents you from partitioning flash drives. You may however be able to get different legitimate instructions than originally intended by jumping to an address in the middle of a multi-byte instruction that happens to decode into a useful series of operations. It follows that there are more usable "returns" in a body of code than just those written in the original source. +1 for cython. The only criticism I could make is that the real speedups come when you can avoid using PyObjects which means the easiest way to employ it is in the inner loops of numeric code where it truly is phenomenal. Complex data structures have to be boiled into C-style structs to get any significant speedup with them although there is still a base level performance boost from having everything compiled into cpython API calls. on 32-bit x86 the RET instructions are 0xC3 and 0xCB. Any other instruction containing these bytes can be subverted into a return if you can make the processor read the preceding instructions from the wrong starting point. Then what is there to prevent two people who've never even met in person from agreeing to be "married" for tax purposes. Hosts files only work for redirecting known bad actors down the memory hole. A noscript style blocker is needed to catch malicious js from new sources not tracked in a hosts database. The gate security slowdown is irrelevant because there is inevitably a backup at the door of the plane for all but the early boarders. There's also the assumption that null is address 0. Notably breaking the purity of C++s type system with magic 0s for 20 odd years before nullptr came along. That is the point. They went through the process of tightening down the type system by invalidating automatic casts and making void* less promiscuous and then they break that whole philosophy with a magic literal "0" that can work as a normal integer or as an address placeholder for any pointer even though it won't necessarily evaluate to address zero. At that point why can't I assign "0" to a float too and enjoy some more magic there? That's a strawman. Many of the older airframes in use have seen multiple systems upgrades to modernize them. If "old wiring" is the reason to mothball the A10 (yet again) then why is the B52 fleet being kept in service for a planned 95 year lifetime on the oldest airframes? They also provided a free graphical text editor, thereby destroying the market for commercial text editors. It boggles the mind that they escaped punishment for notepad.exe. First of all ghostery is far more beholden to advertisers than ABP. On that basis alone they can't be trusted. It also only screens for known vulnerabilities which leaves you open to js zero days that noscript would have prevented if you are aggressive about what you permit to run. They have been hiding the activities of FISA by using parallel construction as the basis for arrests: 1) Get dirt on someone illegaly. 2) Find a legal avenue to discover that same information now that you know it's there. That protects their collection methods when defendants try to find out how they were nabbed. The FISA warrant never has to be disclosed if no one outside the community knows it exists. Consequently they are never "officially" used for an arrest. And I suppose you're going to expect the binaries to be packaged for every platform as well. Supporting Various Linux distros, Windows, and OS/X all with various combinations of target processors and word size is a pain that becomes a management nightmare which doesn't have to be endured with a dependable build system. The key point is that this is the first widely deployed 32-bit RISC platform with a 16-bit instruction set to come off patent. That has advantages for the embedded applications being targeted in this case. You won't get that with a MIPS or ARM clone because MIPS16 and Thumb are still under patent. RS is even better since it's, you know, the record separator. > Think Libertarian. That requires free thought. Something which is actively suppressed in the US since it threatens those who lead the sheep around. Not entirely irrelevant since this same scheme was attempted with the Chicago bean sculpture. My question is that if a mirrored piece of public art reflects an image that you own the copyright to can you hold the owner of the artwork in violation for an unauthorized "reproduction"? If not then why does light traveling the other way get special treatment? Those graphs are useless wiithout standard deviation intervals. The argument that "it's hotter than normal" can't be made without knowing the bounds of normal. The long term average doesn't show that. The new combining characters do effectively convey a color even if it is nonspecific and limited to skin tones. They do to some extent. Traffic alerts/incidents reported from Waze show up on Google maps. The difference is that carpooling is legal. What Uber and Lyft are doing is not in most markets. The relevance is that a $5.9b valuation is dubious when it's based on an illegal enterprise. That "value" can disappear in an instant when municipalities start cracking down. Not a very effective cage at microwave frequencies what with all the gaping holes. Could just as well be a waveguide channeling more radiation onto snowflake. A segway mounted sarcophagus would be more suitable. There are other legitimate free tools that do that. Putin is opening a military theme park. Buran would be a suitable showpiece. How's this for a debacle: I just ported a 2.6 app to 3 and it only required fixing one line due to a change in library behavior. 2to3 took care of the rest. It will stick around like Perl4 did and then fade away with time. The presence of "yield" also changes the return type. No extra keywords needed for that. That only applies to adds, subtracts, and register moves. 16-bit Booleans, shifts/rotates, multiplies, and load/store still need to be done with multiple instructions. You mean you were suckered into paying a higher rate for the benefit of the energy trading market. There wasn't that much legacy. The first web based form was rolled out in 2000-2001. Candidates wouldn't need to have credentials that worked on the legacy back end services. I wouldn't put it past them that they did this on purpose to have an easy route into online accounts since EO12333 gives them a blank check to do whatever they want when conducting a background investigation. They don't even have to line up for a rubber stamp from FISA. It's not hard to find 10 zealots on SO. 100 would be better or set an exponential threshold related to the upvotes and views. OPM couldn't produce my paper SF-86 submitted from right before the switch to the web based system when I requested it a couple years ago. i.e. they never transcribed it for electronic storage, meaning there was no critical back end legacy in place to begin with. Candidates would never have credentials to a back end system in any case and wouldn't need to be recorded in a global "users" table. The process only requires logging into the front end for editing, review, and submission. Once that is complete there's nothing more to do. That doesn't require any sort of integration. > On a side note Firefox without Flash is so much smoother. IMHO it is the fastest and most stable browser when it doesn't have Flash bogging it down. That is primarily because of the flash ads being dumped. An ad/flash/js blocker achieves much the same and then some by further reducing the latency to collect everything needed to render. They work without electricity. The bigger issue is that people with negative reactions are more likely to downvote than those willing to upvote on touchy subjects. That creates an imbalance and everyone has to be careful not to upset the hypersensitive SJWs as a result. The same human tendency accounts for the imbalance in online reviews. That has been a long running joke on Amazon. Some of the reviews are hilarious. I was recently looking into getting an album from a Canadian band. They're still playing that BS "import CD" game and wanted $26. The same on vinyl was $13. They owned PayPal first. The Skype acquisition was very suspicious though. It served no purpose to their core business despite their laughable attempt to hype it as a tool for buyers and sellers to communicate. I suspect that it was done to take the heat off pressuring them into bank regulation in return for cross-correlating certain Skype accounts with PayPal registered bank accounts. Another nice parallel with the 747/2707 is that the Core line was derived from the Pentium M which was done by Intel's B-team in Israel while the big boys got to work on the future with Itanium and P4. I can't find an address anywhere. Is this publicly viewable? You could have printed a quadrature pattern on the back for not much more complexity. Just one additional sensor per strip. Even that wouldn't be an absolute necessity since you know which direction the rotation is going. A single series of bars with one skipped or widened for home would suffice. Then you'd be able to compensate more readily for slippage and stretching. I think collecting tips on their driver's behalf would poke a big hole in Uber's claim that they are contractors. By that logic a Hummer is carbon neutral. I wouldn't be surprised if there are dwarf species that aren't used commercially. Or they could just use young plants and toss them out when they get too big or sickly. Probably more like promises of cushy industry jobs if the FDA employees make the "right" decision to not upset the apple cart. Some bigger airports don't have the luxury of being a hub to any airline and get crappy service as a result. Indianapolis has a nice new facility but you're lucky to get a direct flight from other major cities outside the surrounding region. The few that exist are punitively priced at often 2x the cost of connecting through a neighboring hub. I don't think the Amazon employee total includes their warehouse workers who actually work for Integrity Staffing Solutions rather than Amazon itself. > Nowadays nobody would use these though as nobody likes non-antialiased lines anymore. Basic, aliased line drawing still has value on low resolution embedded devices that don't need 21st century display capabilities. They are occasionally functional in the US too. Always worth a check if no one else is approaching the elevator. > I think it's better as a plugin Except that every instance runs as its own process. A page with a dozen flash ads is a dozen flash programs all hogging memory and processor cycles, happily exposing holes in your security. He's not a Psychologist or any sort of a doctor at all. Just another modern day Jerry Springer act. In a real polygraph exam a baseline is established and you review all the questions "before" the test is run so that there is no surprise when they are asked the second time. Even then the nature of the questions can elicit a measurable response. The best advice I ever got from a polygraph examiner was to never voluntarily take one. Advice given while I was strapped to his machine. Never could be sure if he was being sincere or just manipulating me. > It's about the most vile thing you can imagine Surströmming beats lutefisk for that title. Take that xemacs, all stuck inside your managed window. FWIW cars did have far more reliability problems until electronic control systems became common and engineering practices became sophisticated enough to manage long term quality. Much of the marketing to get a new car at frequent intervals played against the legitimate anxiety of having a car that was rusted out and unreliable after five years. Cable television was once touted as an ad free medium. Then they started creeping in until nobody questioned why they were paying so much to subscribe to ads. That's not such a bad deal considering you get a free bus transfer back home for quick trips. NYC gets a different kind of snow than Montreal. Plows just breeze through powder that hasn't been refrozen. Atlantic seaboard snow is a PITA to deal with. The next step is to make a device that opens a wet can and let the cat choose with buttons or different drop targets. Just let the line run long. These are only guidelines. There is inherent wiggle room. I break lines that feel too long and casually ignore the 80 column margin. Inserting unnatural breaks is just as bad as excessive line length. > on mobile... This is a big part of the problem. Devs too lazy to use media querys to adapt the layout to the screen. We end up with poorly implemented "mobile" sites on our big, wide desktop screens. It's like the web took a step back to 1995 with pages hardcoded for 640px width. Looks good on my iPhone... time to deploy. A hamburger menu that can be optionally converted to a persistent sidebar on screens with sufficient space would alleviate much of the usability problems. A conical projection from the middle of each step would help recenter the slinky after each drop. Sort of like a docking probe. It could also be made asymmetric to help the high end lift off cleanly for the next drop. I wasn't aware that anything on Twitter was important. >if it’s ever about to reach the point that it’ll no longer be able to start your car, it’ll just turn itself off. Your lights will fade out and the radio will go quiet Hope you don't plan on selling in the US because this behavior is going to get you sued into oblivion by the family of whoever ends up dead because the lights turned off abruptly on a vehicle with a faulty charging system. > bicycles are a superior option. Except when you need to carry your vehicle on public transportation. Then it becomes a hassle. This was the original purpose of the foldable Razor scooter for use among Japanese commuters. I always thought they were a silly compromise for suburban children to use in light of the classic, larger wheeled scooters. It isn't. Toronto has been building new housing at a rate higher than any other North American city. The city is filled with cranes everywhere. The growth is just from people filling up the newly created space. Something that isn't happening elsewhere on such a scale. CAN isn't really designed for security. The nodes don't even have addresses. They communicate using message IDs without regard to who the sender or responder is. The error detection requires a party line so that any node can flag a corrupt message and the data rate is too slow to make tunneling a secure stream practical. What I don't get is that they've implemented their own support forums on a variant of Google groups and it has the same shitty lag as the Usenet archive. You'd think they would care about making their own services work right. Then again they've let the flagship maps site decay into a laggy POS too. That's the new women's beach volleyball uniform they've been trying to adopt. That argument didn't work for Vanilla Ice. Why would you think your samples are immune? I think the best way would be to augment paper ballots with an on site machine vision system that permits votes to be reviewed by the voter and then prints a matrix code on the ballot for future auditing. It's not bad unless you want to upload detached signatures. Then it's a frantic search to find the right incantation to make it work. Many self checkout systems are purposely designed to run slower than possible to combat shrinkage (theft). There are some systems that do run at full speed and don't depend on weighing each item after a scan. I was a grocery store clerk many years ago and the funny thing is that the IBM systems in the early 90's could run circles around the throughput possible with today's ponderous staffed checkout systems. ... into the vault for 25 years. Jim is a nice lightweight reimplementation. I will say I was a bit disturbed at how the built-in commands are haphazardly scattered in the code when I had a peruse through it once. They are just randomly mixed in with other internal functions with no care for rational organization Modern Japanese are an admixture of earlier aboriginals who populated the islands first and an isolated group of later immigrants that was likely distinct from other East Asian groups. There is plenty of room for them to have unique phenotypes due to this. Soundex is optimized for collapsing the spelling of names into a common key and isn't so hot for general words. Metaphone would be a more useful matching algorithm. It also preserves a legible spelling so that you can pass the result onto further fuzzy matching stages like an edit distance measure. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metaphone It doesn't work that way in professional sports where team owners raking in guaranteed profits hold their host cities ransom every 20 years looking for a new public subsidized stadium. One that could be paid for out of pocket by investing a portion of the profit made over those 20 years. > No small projects to undertake showing what practical uses it might have Pandoc ( http://pandoc.org/ ) is written in Haskell and its modular design makes it easy to peruse without understanding everything. s/printf/sprintf/ > Stop the clock when, in your opinion, you think the page is ready to read. And then the page completely re-flows because some big advertising asset popped into existence further up that you weren't expecting. Page 9 has a TL;DR footnote. Degree granted. They had other ways to make money but Chavez ran the capitalists out of town so he could bask in the glory of his socialist paradise. The key is that a human can anticipate a dangerous situation and take mitigating action before a quick reaction is necessary. AI still has far to go before that sort of nuanced behavior can be replicated. Until then self driving cars will be like teenagers learning to drive. Sure they can get themselves from point A to B but I don't want to be near them while they do it. Ytalk reinvented bbadly. Murderers get better treatment after release than low level sex offenders who committed victimless crimes. A sad reflection on a society that consumes violence for entertainment but is deathly afraid of all sexual matters. More like throwback 1920's when Grotesque sans fonts became commonplace for signage and inscriptions on buildings. I had to port a product to Solaris 8 on similarly crusty hardware in 2011. Wasn't so bad other than having to work around an excruciatingly slow build process. On legacy systems you may only have six significant characters for identifiers. Gotta scrounge for every last character. When investigators are sifting through e-mails they have already executed a search warrant* to get them in the first place so there is established probable cause to investigate further leads based on suspicious contents. This isn't government overreach in any way. * Assuming the Judiciary is doing its job properly and not just rubber stamping everything and that investigators would never lie to a judge. I really enjoyed his first C++ book. The only one I've seen that assumes proficiency in C and dives into the new stuff immediately. Bruce is a good writer but I think the ship has sailed on writing new Python books that can stand out from the crowd. Atomic Rust would be more commercially viable. >the Tea Party is mostly a reaction against Republicans that are not fiscal conservatives Find me a tea partier who is willing to cut pork going to their own district? They don't exist. All their bloviating about being more conservative than the other guy is dog whistles to get themselves elected. Why not insert another sediment filter stage in front that uses easily serviceable cartridges? Then leave the problematic one empty or in place with longer service intervals. Bonus points if you can find a suitable filter media and rebuild your own cartridges. > will read and clear codes for you at no charge. In many states they won't clear codes. Even for trivial faults that aren't safety issues. There is no way to standardize this. Just because legacy encodings provided for single cell and double width characters doesn't mean that all monospace fonts should have to conform to that scheme to support Asian characters. It is up to the font designer to decide how much advance to use and some fonts are designed with Latin characters the same width as the Chinese. It's not going to happen in the US[1]: > In April 2014, FHWA indicated it expects to rescind Interim Approval to use Clearview. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clearview_%28typeface%29 Much of which is spent on the over-inflated cost structure of healthcare providers gaming the system. I just blasted through the quiz and got the astrology question wrong because I didn't read it carefully. The results on the questions that require flawless English comprehension are suspect. That's okay. They just need to grow the wheelbase a bit and reclassify all their cars as "light trucks". Problem solved. Every PLB has a lanyard attachment. He should have done a little more preparation and secured the survival essentials to his body or the life raft. The further irony is that Vimeo is still stuck in the 20th century and doesn't serve HTML5 video. With the fubared background transparency. > Microsoft had over 90% market share at the time they used their free, and really crappy, IE to pretty much destroy all other browser developers. They also give away a free text editor and have never been taken to task for "destroying" that market. > I like to think it's faster than Perl or Python, but I cannot say for sure. It is. I implemented an assembly language parser with pyparsing. It worked okay but the function call overhead with a combinator-based parser handling both the lexing and grammar was murder. I replaced it with regexes and got a 6x speedup. Not something I would do with a complex grammar though. Native code would obviously blow this away in speed but it is fast enough now. > How is this level of blatant corruption/conflict of interest tolerated in the USA? With few exceptions, the people in top administrative and elected positions are not in it for the public service. Government jobs for them are a springboard into lucrative lobbying and contracting gigs. aqua, no aquamarine. This glosses over the reality that all the money that should be going to the non-tenured teachers has been diverted into the burgeoning middle level administrative roles that have been created in the past 25 years as schools became run as businesses first and educational institutions second or third. Focusing on the top level deans and presidents will not fix this core problem. Returning to staffing levels that were sustainable 30+ years ago will. Hopefully this coerced/forced training of your replacement will get captured at some point on a viral video incendiary enough to force Congress to do something out of national embarrassment. That's the only way to get the entrenched players to budge from the status quo. It wasn't for safety. Compact trucks have too small of a footprint to get away with the CAFE requirements for their size so manufacturers either supersize them (Dakota) or eliminate them altogether (Ranger). Cliffbar lavishes perks on their employees and they seem to get by selling commodity food products. The problem is when the people at the top take everything for themselves and leave nothing behind. Issuing public stock induces the worst of this sort of behavior due to the need to market the company to investors on the single line item of profitability. And then there was magic of watching interlaced GIFs download before the era of JREG. I would like to see a decline of "Big water". It astonishes me that bottled water is consistently sold for more than sugar water and not one bottler breaks from the pack and sells it for less. That can only happen with industry wide collusion to fix prices and yet no one in the government does anything about it. I've been writing forward compatible py2 code for years using the __future__ imports to ensure proper semantics are preserved. When all my external dependencies have py3 support it becomes a breeze to upgrade using 2to3 and the rare occasional manual fixup. Some examples from the Eastman House collection: http://www.geh.org/ar/strip43/htmlsrc/vanderweyde_sum00035.h... I visited once to try and obtain larger copies but archivists look down on the common folk. I still have an Apple ][ AOL 5.25" disk I kept in my old PC dual drive as a dust barrier. The HFT guys love the fragmentation. If not they wouldn't be building out private microwave links between Chicago and NY to "beat the market". > Somehow I doubt that a crime wave followed this decision. Probably not but the costs of keeping the peace were externalized as extra burden on the county sheriff. > Hamilton received a check for $37,200 Should have been $32,768. Almost as annoying as pages filled with static content that don't follow the HTML design principles and fail to render properly with JS blocked. By the same token, there are lots of skinny people who consume sugar with no ill effects. There isn't money to be made off of them since they aren't paying for obesity related medical services or supporting the dieting industry. Medical research isn't done on healthy people because it doesn't pull in the big grant money nor do they buy pharmaceuticals. The media doesn't report on them because there isn't anything sensational about normal people doing normal things. There is a huge confirmation bias against all sorts of "bad" foods because the people who are unaffected by them are systematically ignored. > Next toss in the problem that Apple thought I didn’t have AppleCare on the machine. This is Apple’s extended warranty. This was despite me showing a receipt that showed that I bought both at the same time. Turns out that if you don’t by the machine from an Apple Store, you have to actually fill out some online form to register your warranty. If you buy at an Apple store, they automatically attach it. Anywhere else, you have to do it yourself. It should be criminal for companies to do this to their customers. It's one thing to require registration for a default warranty, but they shouldn't be allowed to take money for an extended warranty and then not provide coverage because of a pointless paperwork detail. Doesn't work with the callers who spoof your own phone number. > The pyramids were designed without computers Technically, they were designed by human computers. You can creatively degrade the user experience based on geoIP. Probably would go undetected in Cupertino. But then you can't have the dynamic web 2.0 monkey punching experience that the guys in marketing insist on having to keep up with the hottest trends. At which point you no longer have graceful degradation when JS is disabled. Web "designers" need to stop breaking the web with their code spew everywhere ruining the basic functionality of HTML and CSS. How did they get a hold of famous.org? Should startups be spending money on domains like that? You have to sacrifice a cat to find out. Also the inspiration for the wheel packaging format. As in cheese wheel. You might want to think twice if you've never smelled fox urine. Fox eclipses dog/cat by many orders of magnitude. You can smell it from quite a distance. > Explaining a gap in your resume is a reasonable thing for people to do when applying for a job. Except you often don't get the opportunity to explain anything because you've been culled by a computer for having any gap at all. I would be looking for another employer if that's the sort of petty behavior they promote. That 90% figure isn't reliable given the tendency to force confessions out of "known troublemakers" that was far more rampant in the 60s. There is still the nuisance that the camera is activated for the torch mode and the autofocus hardware is audible on some phones. Well, $1.8M and they are displaying the HUD logo so presumably some of the barely wealthy can get a subsidized McMansion. I don't see how they were going to get underground roadways to work two levels deep with the Florida water table and rainfall being what it is. Even if they could keep the water out the tunnels would be perpetually dank and unpleasant. Well, you know minimalist design is all the rage these days. That is the last update for the 1st gen which seriously screws 4G owners because M will be released less than two years since that phone's introduction. > There is zero chance I'd subject employees to a hacked together payroll system. Not an ADP user I presume. The biggest problem with more emoji is that it makes the task of choosing one more tedious. I once got derided by a gen-Y'er for describing something as "neat". Apparently that word isn't groovy anymore to describe something that's swell. You could add a decorator or metaclass that dynamically checks the hints at runtime. You do realize that the concept of a "sugar high" is fictional propaganda invented to help enforce sugar rationing during WW2. Painting juice consumption as dangerous is silly. Not everyone is an incipient diabetic. > English spelling is another thing though. Im still struggling with that. You're in good company since many native speakers can't spell either. English's greatest virtue is a high degree of fault tolerance. David Brin's novel Earth posits this very situation where a black hole falls into orbit around the core slowly accumulating mass until mayhem breaks out. Also has a prescient prediction of glassholes. Cue Alanis... Dumping color table entries from the last frame of the "256" color GIF: > gifbuild -d colorBanding_255colorsOn1920pixels.gif | tail -n 200 | grep rgb | sort | uniq | wc -l > 100 What happened here is some sequence of color space conversions with gamma correction added/removed that ended up compressing the darks. A true 256 color gray gradient will not display so much visible banding. Just throwing together a naive 256 color gradient in Gimp reveals some RGB triplets with mismatched values suggesting the encoder is doing some odd color space conversion. Even then, it has much less perceptible banding when scaled with nearest neighbor to 1920. I suspect most of the examples stem from improper gamma handling than any true demonstration of the limitations of 8-bit channels. Seems like it needs more ground clearance. Surely someone at Wired can hack on some thicker tires. I think it would be better to let 2.6 wither on the vine. Everyone is supposed to be migrating to 3.x. Supporting defunct 2.x series with new code doesn't help matters. Anyone so glacially stuck that they can't upgrade to 2.7 has more security issues than lack of HTTPS. The B-52 airframes have long been planned to be in use for 95 years when they're finally retired. I wish I could find an image but I distinctly remember a publication from the 80's that showed a chart of the all aircraft in use from their first year of entering service to the projected EOL. The B-52 was a notable outlier in how long it was going to be kept in service. I always assumed it was an extended life test for the USAF. They are also insurance against a cataclysmic event that makes modern technology hard to maintain. Cell phones actually inject "comfort noise" on the receiving end so that you can't detect when the stream is cut off during pauses in the conversation. I would venture that they just keep it on all the time, set above the actual noise in the voice data stream so that you don't hear two different noise levels. The path length estimate is a bit onerous. You should just compute it server side after the file is uploaded and let the user know what it is and how it affects the final price. A quick hack would be to render the outlines to a bitmap. Apply a suitable edge detector that handles filled and unfilled geometry the same and then count active pixels for a ballpark estimate. With vectors imported into a common data structure you just need to convert curves to line segments with enough segments to maintain a reasonable approximation and then add up their lengths. Cairo and Anti-grain geometry can do the heavy lifting for you there. Anti-grain has example code for doing this adaptively. Sort of a a circuitous way to drive a device that's ready to take a pulsed frequency input without tearing it apart. Should have tried harder to figure out how to do it in FreeBSD or just dump the OS and baremetal it. You can view it as a commentary on the shallowness of the elitist art collector world. Artists like Prince are all playing a game trying to con multi-millionaires into forking over megabucks for crap that everyone in their client's social sphere fawns over as some sort of status symbol. Consider skis with pyrotechnics strapped on for a show. It could happen and we can all sleep well tonight knowing that our medical industry has a way to keep track of these incidents when they do happen. I haven't checked my GA in months since it became clear that Google won't bother doing anything to fix the referer spam problem that makes the stats useless if you don't have a high-volume site. It's not like these abusers are hard to track down but I'll be damned if I'm going to manually add filters to get rid of them every time they come in from a new domain. Loony Tunes were made partially for adult consumption before the main feature or between double features in a theater which is why they have more sophisticated themes, particularly the censored ones that aren't PC today. There is no point in the process where a human puts a creative stamp on the result. Your chiptunes did. This is effectively a fancy PRNG tuned to create appealing patterns. Copyright doesn't apply to non-creative works. The congenital deaf do think differently which is why there is opposition to cochlear implants in their community. Even if taught to sign, children with implants develop abstract thought akin to the hearing. ... Says the frog in the pot. How dare you let reason get in the way of the pitchfork masses. AOL bought Time-Warner. It was only later that the inept AOL management was pushed out by the TW old guard. > While the vinyl sheets used to print x-rays were much flimsier than records I doubt the Soviets were making X-rays on vinyl. They would be using acetate like the rest of the world. The record industry was also still using shellac based media in the 50's. Vinyl was not a "thing" back then. Late 50's. Vinyl wasn't common until the 60's. May of these issues are still relevant to embedded systems with limited resources. That sort of behavior is what is killing retail. If you're going to browse the showroom it is more than a little backhanded to then buy from an online competitor with less overhead. If I find a product I want to buy in a store I will buy it there. More often than not, though, retailers don't have what I need and I end up forced to buy online anyway. The higher price is because they have to pay for employees to serve you, HVAC and lighting so you can be comfortable and see at night, the capital investment for everything needed to run the store, plus local taxes. All for the convenience of letting you see the product first hand. Taking advantage of all those things and then robbing them of a sale isn't fair to the business trying to stay afloat. Comparison shopping between proprietors on equal footing is fair. Not between brick-and-mortar and a warehouse operation with huge economies of scale. That would disenfranchise people without such accounts. It would also be trivial to game by scammers and thieves to the point of being useless. That would like require journalists to do some research or something. So much harder than just rewriting P&Gs press releases. Writing valid 2.7 is not enough as you can write yourself into a non-portable corner that is hard to escape from. You need to use all of the __future__ imports and be mindful of constructs that 2to3 will handle wrong. Better yet is to bite the bullet and make your code work with automated tests running 2to3 if all of your library dependencies have py3 support. Then you can continue to write in 2.7 and anything that runs afoul of py3 will be caught early. There is a good way to make the harmonic product spectrum more robust to the effects of noise. You generate a synthetic spectrum starting from a histogram of zero crossing intervals that has been "smeared" back into a continuous signal with Gaussian peaks by applying a kernel density estimate. The result can then be passed through the HPS to find the fundamental. The decorrelated zero crossings caused by noise are much less problematic than working with the HPS of the original signal. It's disappointing that pretty much all RTCs still store two digit years. I'd like to design hardware that still works right after Y2.1K. You pay the Yelp ransom and make the problematic reviews disappear. VB.NET is a reskin of C#. Lisp has never been fully implemented. If M-expressions were in active use (and modernized over time) there wouldn't be so much parentheses hell. I would bet money that Amazon ran into this same conundrum with the unconstrained VBR mode of the LAME MP3 encoder which they use. Lame has always had a way to set minimum and maximum bounds on the VBR bit rates. I would bet that Amazon has at least one employee who knows this. I used to use this a lot with a hardware player that couldn't handle VBR above 224 kbps. Reminds me of how nobody was punished for the complete lack of security that allowed Private Manning to copy files off classified systems (open access to a CD burner). Defense contractors face heavy fines for such breaches and have their systems properly locked down but the military itself just does what it pleases and looks the other way when dumb decisions bite them. The shunting yard or precedence climbing algorithms are better approaches to expression parsing. They make it trivial to add operators and change precedence levels without the convolutions of a recursive grammar. They also clear the way for user defined operators since the machinery is controlled with a table that can change dynamically. [Citation needed] Browsers are supposed to be doing this anyway. I can't comprehend why they even allow some two-bit site designer to override the user experience and force a useless layout to render. There should be a "Don't fuck up the layout" option for Firefox mobile next to "Request Desktop Site". > I have a feeling that I simply don't "get it". As opposed to the bizarre ritual of obsessing over a manicured grass lawn that serves little purpose. > What's the root cause The development of police forces as paramilitaries which went into overdrive after Iraq 1.0. > rare as hen's teeth where GUI software is concerned. You can still write native Win32 and Xlib apps in C not to mention all of the languages where OOP is an optional bolt-on. They did this with optimizations off: The above mentioned executable binaries are compiled without any compiler optimizations, which are options to make binaries smaller and faster while transforming the source code more than plain compilation. As a result, compiler optimizations further normalize authorial style. Everyone's still safe with some -O* code massage. Isn't there a bigger issue that the police are tracking lawful customers of a legal business and rooting through their trash with no probable cause. Where do you draw the line? I occasionally have valid GMail addresses with "+" in them rejected because someone wrote a crappy validator. Nobody should be specifying fonts in pixel sizes anyway. Just use ems everywhere and let the browser scale them for the current display resolution. "Designers" hate this because they can't massage every pixel into just the right location on their cinema display and can't be bothered to accommodate different hardware. They'd rather just send users 300 DPI images of everything and let the proles deal with downsampling them on their ever so inadequate devices. > the "anger" stage will just make us (me at least) leave Python behind By switching to Perl 4? If you're hobbled by dumb policies that prevent an upgrade to 2.7 how are you going to transition to something "better". > On his release, he found the internet stripped of its power to change the world and instead serving up a stream of pointless social trivia. The web works just fine for me. I just route around the damage. It's not like anyone has a gun to your head forcing you to have an Instatwitbook account. There are people who make a career out of being an expert witness. For engineers it requires having a PE certificate at a minimum which is rare in most industries in the US. This allows the professional experts to command high fees. Some copy protection systems relied on using subtle timing errors to create disks that would read as "corrupt" by standard system software. Replicating this behavior in an emulator would be a major undertaking as well as being hard to reproduce in an image format. > I still haven't figured it out. Pray you never do. This is the sort of pointless "metric" that is used by clueless management to withold a raise for the "underperforming" programmer who spends his time tracking down critical bugs with minimal code changes rather than producing volumes of new code. I've been dying for a modern pentathlon emoji. My life is complete. I suppose they need to add an API so that f-strings can be automatically presented to gettext or another translation database layer before substitution is performed. This breaks gettext translations: _(f"English {a} words {b} here {a}") The interpolation is done before the string is passed to gettext which can't retrieve the translated string any more. > It's built into most of the streaming protocols to downgrade on a slower connection. You could tell that to PBS. Their mandatory ads are HD only and can't stream smoothly on low bandwidth links. Of course now that they've implemented a paywall for video it won't be an issue anymore as I spend my time elsewhere. > Use reST for docstrings I would suggest also using the Napoleon [1] extension now included with recent versions of Sphinx. It allows you to use Google or Numpy-style reST formatting to describe parameters and types without all the javadoc-ish noise from :param:, :type:, and others. [1] https://sphinxcontrib-napoleon.readthedocs.org/en/latest/ The undefined behavior is there so that the language can be used across heterogeneous systems. 9-bit chars, 36-bit words, 1's complement arithmetic, decimal registers, NULL somewhere other than address 0? You can have all that with standard compliant C. They certainly have no criteria for emoji significance. Some Japanese handheld has an obscure character? Put it in the next standard for all to puzzle over. Seems a little dumb not to build half of the resort first and develop a revenue stream while preparing for the second phase. All fads whose promoters have a vested interest in selling merchandise rather than the truth. GNU Stow gives shell users a great way to build contained applications that can be patched into the traditional filesystem through symlinks, avoiding the uncontrollable spew of files everywhere. Metrocard is going to be replaced in the not too distant future. I wouldn't be surprised if the next system has zones. They already have subsidized cards for low income travelers so a fare hike will have less impact. That's the only way they can begin to address their budget deficit issue. Many of the MTA trains are from the 70's too with classic simulated wood grain and all. Of course they do at least have AC. Why does anyone follow celebrities on Twitter? Does it add any value to your life? Rule #1: Abandon any site so crappy that it can't be made to work after enabling 3 scripts. Was Sheldon on the design team? It's not a true voxel engine, just a 2D heightfield renderer. Note the lack of holes or undercut walls. It's not like they didn't have decades to diversify their economies. Law databases aren't much past the sophistication of Dbase. Strong access controls and encryption are hopeless. What they need is to blacklist personal email so a compromise there doesn't grant the keys to the cattle. It shouldn't be possible for any government employee to correspond through their private a accounts. I'm really getting tired of "st" ligatures in sans-serif fonts. Who came up with this horrible idea? The lack of a standard back button on iOS is more irritating to me. That is functionality that needs to be used more frequently and shouldn't be left as a discoverable experience on an app by app basis. > Dumpbin /clrheader This will report the .NET runtime version for any CLR binary. It's an abstraction taken from C++ (and virally transmitted back to C99). ANSI NULL can be anything the implementer wants it to be, not just (void *)0. Frankly it's the dumbest misfeature from C++ that should have had nullptr from day one. What's the point of constructing a rigorous type safety system if you're going to go and break it with magic integers that can act like pointers. That in itself isn't such a bad thing because an economy can't actually function if everyone has a degree and expects a high-value white-collar job. The problem is that no effort has been made to guard against the outflow of jobs for less skilled workers that pay well enough to live comfortably. Case insensitive identifiers have no bearing on using case sensitive file names. Nim's system is admittedly baroque but it is an attempt to have (mostly) insensitivity without breaking the most common forms needed for C-interop. Just use it as if it were a fully insensitive language, choosing unique identifiers, and the partial case sensitivity will rarely be a problem. This is the most annoying thing about ad blocking going mainstream. It was a rare site that bothered to detect us before Apple got into the game. Sounds more like substituting "clean" methadone in place of heroin. It is a bit odd that they shoehorned in an existing commercial board rather than just put the FPGA on the main board or even designed a custom daughter card if upgradability was a concern. As it is, they are now tied to the availability of boards with the same board-to-board connector and a similar form factor. A bit parasitic to use Github for their hosting. I'm curious how LexisNexis is going to attack this breach of their monopoly. Do they have patents on case law search? And no company would ever create strategic business method patents at periodic intervals to keep their lock on an industry? I can easily imagine the USPTO approving silly things like "A method to search case law using IPV6". > In both cases the fact that people believe it will happen increases the likelihood they are correct. More like the people that want it to happen have enough collective influence to buy off Congress to make it happen so long as there isn't a pesky POTUS with an itchy veto pen finger. Nim threads don't share memory. Each has its own GC heap with data exchanged through messages. The lack of thread safety is irrelevant when they can't normally get to each others memory. This of course has performance implications for certain types of parallelism. Nim optimizes for a model where workers don't have to have high speed, high volume inter-communication. If you need shared memory it is up to you to add it along with whatever safety measures you need. > they seem weirdly busy. They intentionally understaff their checkout stations to cut labor costs. A far cry from the 80's and early 90's when Walton still held sway over operations and was able to impose strict waiting limits for customers. Courriel was invented in Quebec and imported by the academy. From what doctor's have told me, the AMA exists to serve itself and the few conducting research. I've tried it during the transition from Google Code. It works well enough but it didn't handle orphaned branches (as used by Github pages) well and I had to provide credentials twice for every push for some reason. It still has a use. I occasionally put figlet text into project headers that are likely to end up copied around to other codebases. That makes it more obvious that the file in question comes from an outside source. Even more relevant is his piece on municipal violations and how they can unfairly steamroll the poor with escalating fees. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0UjpmT5noto There is something to be said for Usonian. Americans will never adopt it themselves but maybe the barbarians at the gate can pick it up. You sound just like a PBS infomercial. Where do I get your book and sign up for your newsletter. Mine were horizontal and were going to be a problem. The surgery was a breeze and almost painless afterwards. Going through the constant ache of braces for a few years is far worse. It's revisionist history. Bush is clearly not as dumb as he was caricatured. But he certainly couldn't lead in any way on his own without daddy's entourage telling him what to do. An LLVM backend was recently announced. If that matures then the debugging issue will be simplified. The organizations that want to sell common core style instructional materials to school districts. Their lobbyists just wrote them a $4B check. Changing the core to a byte code interpreter that uses objects rather than strings everywhere as well as adding Unicode support plus porting some of the extensions used for Tk into the mainline Tcl interpreter. And so they went with a language without so much as a standard string API. He meant the dynamic layout model which was pioneered by Tk and adopted by AWT, GTK+, Qt, and others. Since this is about Tcl, there is a SafeTcl subset that was specifically designed for running untrusted code when there was hope that it might become a standard web scripting language. It eliminates all commands that can alter system resources and is a truly safe sandbox. You can still use it today by creating isolated sub-interpreters with an option to use the safe subset. Is there a reason why they can't just serve up an HTML page with an IMG tag rather than a completely blank page that only works with JS active? It gets even worse. It pollutes your browser history as you scroll down the page. I know. Shame on me for expecting graceful degradation work as intended. We should all be so lucky to enjoy the modernity of broken JS browser apps. That's why I prefer ReST. More powerful syntax out of the box with a standard extension scheme so you don't end up with the mess of all the different incompatible Markdown implementations. With the internal structure exposed as an XML format (rst2xml) it is easy to transform documentation into a wide variety of formats that docutils or Sphinx don't handle directly. Which doesn't work particularly well in tunnels and is susceptible to interference from high voltage power lines overhead. The XML dump exposes the parsed document structure so you aren't forced to use the usually limited output options of the native ReST or Markdown tools. Instead of generating the lackluster output from latexpdf you can transform from ReST -> Docbook -> XSL-FO -> PDF, or other targets like HTML, WordML, DocX, or ODF. Manipulating documents is what XML is really for. It gets a bad rap because it is abused so much for storing data, scripting, and other silly stuff. This attributes a little too much insight to Lang. Multi-stage rockets had already been invented. It is quite likely that people developing rocketry at the time were already using count downs and Lang was inspired by what he witnessed. This is the first documented countdown on film. It doesn't necessarily represent a novel invention. > t's impossible for USB C to be hooked up backwards by its mechanical design, so why guard against it? Because cabling can fail in other ways. A short could be caused by mechanical damage to the cable anywhere along its length. It would be nice to have a host that doesn't burn up in those scenarios seeing as they are already required to protect the bus. These sort of war machines aren't designed for economic parsimony. Their sole purpose is to dump tons of money into the MIC. Partly to line the pockets of the higher ups and partly to maintain the massive jobs program it has become. Defense superiority is really secondary or tertiary. The gold plated requirements list forces the sort of complexity that keeps the contract gravy train running. The real trick of managing a defense program like this is finding how much you can go over budget without getting cancelled. It wouldn't make sense to consider family lineage from before the team existed. That alone limits how much you can expand the pool of eligible shareholders. Been using most of __future__ for years to make the transition seamless for me. This is what Py 2.x devs should be doing now. It's not like the path forward hasn't been paved for us for many years. I once scraped every October posting from Slashdot to see long term trends. Short story: it's dying. I project the active userbase will be gone by 2020. Curiously the bulk of the posters were in the 100k to 300k UID range. There was also evidence of shenanigans with UID assignment where they were skipping even numbers and odd numbers at various times possibly to inflate their numbers. This will get you IP banned BTW but I did get a full data set before their script caught me. So the new Pepsi logo apparently came back from the future. Why wasn't it in the movie then? I think it's just English lit majors who are also BBT fans. At Linkedin you are the product. Don't ever think otherwise. They are mercenaries about building up the social graph because it is how they build up the data they need to sell to the job spammers. The biggest "secret" of LI is that you get a score based on the "quality" of the people you are linked to. Know lots of ivy leaguers and fancy MBAs? You get a +10 bonus. Rockstar talent with no high rated buddies to link to? -10 for you. I had to side step into firmware because of this. Amazing that they're starting the beat the drum for even more EEs because of a "shortage" when there are so many now that can't find employment in their field. I stopped after the first sentence starting with a conjunction. I find it very useful but it does help to write forward compatible 2.x code and test frequently with 2to3 to catch what it misses. VHDL allows arbitrary text in its extended identifiers. The feature was added for easier interop with other tools that have less restrictive rules than VHDLs normal identifiers. From http://www.hp9845.net/9845/software/screenart/wargames/ >the frames were created one at a time on a high resolution vector display and recorded onto film. The display was monochromatic, so color separations had to be done and filters were rotated in front of the camera. What you see in the movie has a lot of analog post processing on film as was typical of the era. Just did that the other day trying to track down a hard fault at startup. Binary code on LEDs was all it took to zero in on the cause. You're sunk when you have an influential SJW who's going to enforce unrealistic demographics and ultimately drive out the "undesirables" who made the company work. Because the people peddling this philosophy are all lawyers and they want to be at the top of the heap after knocking everyone else down. Shit flows downhill and they needed a scapegoat to make the board happy. The general public doesn't know what a CTO does so problem solved nice and neat.