Looks neat, but is there that much difference between silverback or just recording people using screenflow? I get the idea of the chapter marking, and I guess it probably helps if you're trying to track 10+ subjects at a time... I've not used it "specifically" for testing, but have let people use a site and record via screenflow. I wasn't being terribly scientific about it at the time tho. :) Apparently it's not quite battled-tested yet: http://gyazo.com/b206847fc013a9985f43cdaa7d066f9b.png Sorry I didn't reply before. Not as interesting as I'd hoped - I either needed to give more direction, or need to use a bigger group next time. "length of stay doesn't correlate accurately with technical skill at all" They're not looking for technical skill - at least, not as a primary factor. They're looking for people who will stick around even when things get crappy, will put up with internal political maneuverings, people who will grit their teeth and deal with annoying coworkers and will tend to stay even when there's better short term offers. For the company this is a win on a number of levels. Less cost of retraining new hires and the lost productivity that comes with new people entering a shop. Less need to get institutional knowledge out of people and in to documented systems. Freedom to experiment with new directions, because if things go south, they'll have a 'loyal' team who will stick around anyway. These aren't necessarily good or bad, just how it is. So, keep that in mind. Companies often are not looking for top-notch software skills, but a 'whole package', and they'll way often settle for 'good enough' on the whole package, even if it means average software skills. slick - thanks for the tip! Any advantages of this over other grid systems, besides size? Any drawbacks? "These don't make any sense to me because there are already apps that perfectly fulfill those needs if people have them." Obviously not. Those other apps don't offer the simplicity and UI experience that yours does. What you're offering is resonating with some people, but they want what you have right now plus more . People are telling you this, and you're just telling them to go away and use another tool? Your prerogative, but you're asking how to take this to the 'next level', and your users are already telling you how - you don't need to ask HN. "They will probably just stick with Word, but they will often still find the LaTeX-produced resumes better looking" Can someone show me examples of what constitutes "better looking" when comparing these two tools for CVs? The comparison seems a bit unfair, in that the SQL Server stuff is going to be installing a boatload more stuff - much of which will be useful to administration (management tools - backups, schema mgt, etc). In cases where you don't need that, pg or mysql can win, but a SQL Server install is so much more than just the engine. Doesn't seem all that stupid to me. It's just a tool. Certainly, if someone happens to find out that I've got card 2e9c9735b1c972c8 and that I use every other letter from the blue row for my bank password, yes, I'm in trouble, but that's enough obscurity for me. Better yet, I'll simply look like I'm using the card, but actually using my trust old " " for my real password! Excellent points. I might take a bit of exception with the 'focus on what you're good at', with the reply that some people may simply be really good generalists. Besides understanding tech, you generally need to have good people skills. Between good social skills and having a good graps on the tech to serve your clients, you may not need to become a domain expert on DNS, or email spam filters, or CSS3, or JavaScript, or any number of tech skills (or business domain skills). Sometimes being able to parse out a client's problem and bring in the appropriate freelance skills when necessary may be the best skill you have. That said, you have to know yourself. If you're really passionate about search, go become a Lucene expert and become the 'go to search guy' in your area (or perhaps even in a vertical). Isolation can hurt - I have regular phone calls with a distributed group of guys who are all in similar (yet different) career stages as me, and we bounce ideas off each other, critique, offer support and skills when needed, and so on. Hearing real people on a phone helps much more than solely email or forums. phatbyte - I'd like to pick your brain a bit more - mgkimsal@gmail.com please if you're so inclined. Thanks. I seem to remember some pundit stating they believed the reason AT&T agreed to the initial pricing in the first place was that they didn't think many people would be using 3G on the ipad, preferring wifi instead. Can anyone find that quote or story? I'm drawing a blank, but it seemed to be one of the stupidest things I'd read in a while at that point. My guess is that people have been using so much 3G data that AT&T realizes they'll be in a horrible situation as the iPad adoption grows - could be 4-5 million 3G devices with long battery life basically in an 'always on' state, using up far more bandwidth than anyone predicted. That said, I just can not figure out why people can't seem to predict this. Most active users (the early adopters) can easily use 5-10 gig on a ipad as part of their 'always on' lifestyle. This isn't rocket science. I think this is the same with most people putting out inspirational/motivational material. At some point, it isn't inspirational to you , but it still is to others. That means you've grown and developed, and other people can too. I used to listen to Dave Ramsey a lot years ago to get some motivation and get certain things drilled in to my head. After about the 300th show, I could tell you about 95% of the time what he was going to say, almost word for word. That doesn't mean it's bad or he's repetitive (well, he is) but that it's 'worked' already - I don't really need that type of motivation in my life as I once did, as it did the trick. Yahoo was categorized early on, and gave you a sense of what was available by topic. Until there was a critical mass of web data, something like Google might not have taken off. CL taking a google style approach from day one would have been a failure, imo, because there wasn't a critical mass, and open ended 'google-style searching' for stuff on small amounts of data usually leads to 'nothing found' - not a good experience. I get the 'true open source' idea at core, but am trying to come up with something for them which balances out their needs with wanting it to be somewhat open. It's not competition... well, sort of. It's something being developed by a local government and they do not want the taxpayers money to be developing something that someone will take and resell back to the same constituents by simply using some advertising. At least, that's my current understanding (and as a taxpayer, I sort of agree). Dual-license GPL seems sort of like the way to go, or potentially even the Affero/GPL approach? Their idea is that this may be something other agencies in other states might be able to reuse, and they don't want to put restrictions on that, but are concerned that someone will take the code and 'sell' it, when it's been taxpayer $ funding it. http://wiki.creativecommons.org/FFAQ#Can_I_license_software_... "Can I license software using CC licenses? We do not recommend it. Creative Commons licenses should not be used for software." yeah, the dual-license and selling stuff is already something I mentioned and have counseled against (not that they were really considering doing it yet). Still exploring alternatives. If you have enough savings, you can go with a 'high deductible' plan, in which you cover the first $x thousand dollars out of pocket, then split some costs with insurer, then insurer covers you after $y dollars spent. The price is highly dependent on what state you live in. In North Carolina, I have a high deductible plan with a $5500 deductible for $270/month, which covers my wife and I, both older than you, and we're not in perfect health. A side benefit is that if you use a high-deductible plan, you're allowed to put money in a 'health savings account' which is tax deductible, and you can use that money to pay for pretty much any medical expenses you have. It rolls over year to year, and can be treated like any other retirement account (investments, etc). If you go with more traditional 'i don't ever want to pay anything out of pocket' coverage, you'll likely be looking in the $500-$1000/month range, again, depending on what state you're living in. For a single person in Michigan, for example, it might only be around $200 - http://www.bcbsm.com/myblue/plan_individualcareblue.shtml but similar coverage with a 'high deductible' might only be $60/month - http://www.bcbsm.com/myblue/plan_flexibleblue.shtml That's not an HSA then - that's a 'cafeteria plan' thing I bet. HSA is your own account via an HSA-capable banking institution. It's basically just another IRA, but you can pay for medical expenses from it with no penalties. The 'cafeteria plans', IMO, are a bit of a joke, specifically because of the 'use it or lose it' clause, which forces people to waste money or buy stuff they don't need. I did have one HR person tell me once that they'd cut you a check back for the diff if it wasn't spent, but then it counts as 'taxable income' and this was said with some degree of gravity, as if that was some type of 'ultimate sin' - having taxable income! I'd rather keep the 70% of my money rather than spending it on something vaguely 'medical' that I do not need, thank you. ask them to cover your travel costs at the very least (flight/car/hotel/food). ask them afterwards what they might have paid, or what they might typically pay for a speaker on this subject or of your (limited) fame. Given that you've not done it before, and you've done it for free, you must like the talk/topic, so ease in to this with travel costs covered. They may see fit to give you a small honorarium of a few hundred dollars on top of that. Is there a choice in inkjet printers that will provide you with a list of 3rd party ink suppliers, and perhaps even encourage use of recycled inks from 3rd parties? If so, how would people know about that until after they'd 'voted with their wallet' and purchased the product? If you really love your tools right now, don't switch. I would suggest learning something else, though (I chose Grails a few years ago), because at the very least it'll give you a new appreciation for your toolset. You'll understand the strengths more, you may identify some weaknesses (either inherent in your tools or how you use them) and start to think about how to use your own chosen tools better. I split my time between PHP and Grails now, for the most part (some occasional other work) and knowing both I have a better idea of how/when to use specific approaches. You may end up hating your PHP toolset after a while using something else, because you'll start noticing how verbose PHP makes some tasks (using a framework like symfony can sometimes reduce that). Or you may recoil at how ugly some of the Ruby or Python stuff feels to you. You won't know until you try, but I think everyone should take some time to learn a moderately different platform at some point, if only to help to understand your own platform better. Hey mindcrime - I'm up for it, but somewhere closer to my side of town would be great. Morrisville/BrierCreek would be acceptable. :) FWIW, I'm organizing a wake forest area tech/web meetup as well soon. One of the issues I've seen with Basecamp is that it's bought quite a lot - I've done contracting work for a number of companies large and small in my area, and most of them had used basecamp in the past or were still paying for it when I got there. Problem was, no one was using it 'right'. Based on the comments here, and other critiques I've read, it seems to be a good fit to a far smaller group of orgs than people think (especially the people who buy it). They end up beating their heads against the wall, or abandoning web-based PM tools altogether - "well, we tried the leader and it doesn't work for us - we're too unique and special, so we'll just keep doing everything on paper" (not actual words, but the gist I've heard before). So 37S ends up being phenomenal marketers that have a service many people want to buy, but more people buy it than can get real value out of it because it wasn't built for their needs in the first place. Certainly 37S is not ultimately responsible for people continuing to pay for something that doesn't work, but they do a pretty good sales job via word-of-mouth evangelism, even when it's a poor fit for an org's needs. Maybe too good? It's meant to be used in conjunction with her instructor-led classes, so it won't necessarily be the same as something that was written explicitly to be a 'book'. That said, Rebecca's very sharp, knows her stuff, and how to communicate and explain things well in person. I haven't read this yet, but assume much of that will translate to the written word. To chime in - get out. What the owner is doing is illegal as well as unfair. As for not wanting his business to fail, I agree taking intentional actions to cause harm would be bad, but I suspect they'll cause themselves enough harm simply by you not being there soon after you leave. From the other side of the table, I employed a handful of people in the early 2000s. We had a couple good years, and then a couple bad years. Got the point where the money wasn't coming in regularly, and I had some people stay well past the point where it was good for their own financial well-being. While I appreciated the loyalty (whether to me or solely to the clients, I'm not 100% sure) but I did tell them to leave if they could find something else, or take side work, or something. I would never want to be in a position where I was doing what's happening to you to someone else. I've been in situations where I've been exploited, but not to this level, and it sucked, and I got the heck out as fast as possible once the reality set in. I would suggest expanding the freelancing. You don't have much time right now cause you're working 50+ hours per week for someone else. It should not be hard to replace what is effectively a $10/hour job with some extra freelancing work. I've had a friend of mine recently jump from 'job' to fulltime freelance, and while he's not booked up 100% of the time, he's increased that hourly rate, so just to keep up with where he was before he doesn't need to bill full time. Go back to your current freelancing clients, and explain that you'll be on the market soon. Ask if they have any extra work they need doing, ask them for referrals to other colleagues they may have who need what you do, and then ask them to be a reference. Preferably something in writing - a predone text file that you can use on your website and to include in your email marketing for new work. Update your linkedin.com page, and hit up your network there for more work. Finding work, especially as a freelancer, is very much about your network, and you have to curate that aspect of your life with intention and purpose. Happenstance and serendipity are great - they've brought some great things in to my life - but it's not enough. Hope is not a strategy. :) Start (re)developing your professional network outside of your current employment situation, and watch your freelancing grow. Maybe freelancing only tides you over for a few months, and you manage to land another f/t job. Don't ever forget that you're still in charge of your own career and life. Your current situation should help drive that home for a long time, but don't dwell on it. Use it as motivation to build your professional network so that you never have all your eggs in someone else's basket again. Own multiple baskets. Even if you don't put eggs in any for long stretches, they're still your basket. Best of luck to you, and I hope things turn around very quickly for you. It's hard to raise rates on existing clients in a short time frame - giving them some notice (3 months?) would be more professional. Your current predicament is not their problem, really. However, if you could offer extra services (like, you never did DB work for them, now you'll do DB work) having a different rate for different types of work is more palatable. The best option would be to pick a framework and learn to use it. I may get flamed for this view, but I don't really think it matters as much which framework you choose, just choose one and learn to use it well. Invest time in to learning with it on a throwaway project. You will not be as productive end-to-end on day 1 as you are with your current tools - that's OK, because after learning a framework, you will be more productive than pure hand-coding for any web-app of any complexity. You'll likely be safer, because there's been more effort put in to most frameworks to help protect against web attacks (SQL injection in most cases). Learning a framework will teach you to think differently about your development process, as well as introduce you to a community of like-minded developers all using the same tool. It will help you develop a development process. You'll get to the point where you're comfortable and productive, and then you'll start noticing limitations in whatever framework you're using. That's the time to start looking for another one, and either jumping over to using that, or more ideally, looking at what ideas and components you can reincorporate in to your current tech stack. I love Grails (Java) because, while it's niche, it makes model-drive development a snap. I create classes, identify relationships, and the system can generate the db layer (tables, etc) for me automatically. There are ways to do some of this in PHP, but the language itself makes this extremely verbose. However... I still use PHP (now using zfkit as a basis) for some projects, and have done some .Net work where it made sense (on an MS-only project, to be precise). It's easier to jump around now because I've spent time understanding not just the particular languages involved, but thinking about how web apps are commonly abstracted (MVC, service layers, db layers, etc). Understanding those common patterns makes it easier to swap between frameworks and platforms as needed. Gentle plug - I'm working on a starter kit for zend framework - zfkit.com - which aims to bring a somewhat better 'out of the box' experience to ZF (at least from my perspective). You can download and it's bundled and preconfigured to use the Doctrine ORM tool. That said, if ZF and Doctrine rather make you say "huh?" it may not be for you just yet. :) Generally, no. You could look at the incoming mail logs if you run your own server, and I've used that to verify someone was indeed mailing in but it was labelled as junk immediately (grepping through the junk mailbox was prohibitive). I watched as I had someone on the phone saying "I'm mailing" to make this happen. I'd vote for the basecamp option, but not specifically basecamp (not my cup of tea - I'm using redmine right now). Having a central web service where email is ancillary to the process, not vital, helps keep everyone up to date and has the added bonus of creating a history log of what's happened on a project. This makes bringing in other people easier to do because they can see the history of the project at a glance and ask more intelligent questions when getting started. However, making, say, 80, spending time promoting them, and perhaps having a few of those be moderate successes may make this a much more viable option. I have a friend who's pursuing this option of making multiple apps (not sure he's to 80 yet, but will likely surpass that in the next year). I agree, the chance of one app being the runaway success that affords one an early retirement is pretty remote, but the tech press loves to promote the huge success stories, and many others love to follow them. I can say that in the case of my friend, it's not repackaged content, but actual real apps. They tend to be somewhat on the basic side, but are nonetheless 'real' apps in the sense of having real hand programming behind them and such. FWIR, he's using Titanium, which makes it pretty easy to do basic apps fast (but still native apps all the same). Whether Apple will continue to let Titanium exist on the iOS platform is a whole other question :) It's generally going to be a few hundred bucks if you have someone else do it for you, or minimally > $100 for DIY in most states (NC is $125, plus $200/year renewal fee). You don't pay "15.3% more taxes". 15.3ish percent from income is taxed for FICA (social security, etc). You pay roughly half of that 7.x% in traditional employment situations, and the employer pays the other half. Someone making $100k is actually costing the employer $107.6k (roughly). As a sole prop you pay both halves of this tax - that's where the 15.3% comes from. However, you deduct half of it when computing the rest of your income taxes. Long and short - talk to a tax person about how you this is handled. It's not hard , but taking an hour or so to get your head around it is advisable. As to scorp/llc/ccorp, etc... Two points. One, for a single person there likely won't be any major diff between scorp or llc except more paperwork as an scorp. You can elect to be taxed as an scorp while retaining LLC status, but I don't know many who do that. Also, the arguable tax advantages of scorps are likely being reduced or eliminated soon via impending legislation in the US, so don't choose that for tax reasons. There may be some other reasons re: shareholders and such, but you can always 'trade up' to a larger corp at some point if you need to. I do some work with agencies who can get work with me as a sole prop, but if I work under the LLC name, they have to go through a full public bidding process, which a) takes longer, b) increases the chance I might not get the work and c) generally adds more cost to the project all around. So, even though I have an LLC, I still do some work 'outside' of that structure, depending on the situation. I don't want to be all wishy-washy here, but possibly in a future version you might have the option to 'show full page' or 'just the naked version'. A quick toggle to switch back and forth would be handy. If you're aiming at developers , I can say that as one, I'd much rather have control over my own data on my own hardware, however nice the tools are. That said, having your tool generate out a full running app which I can then install and build on would be great. Build in structo, then output for Django, Rails, ZendFramework, Grails, ASP.NET MVC, etc. I would pay a per-use fee for something like that - the 'per use' meaning the generation of the code in whatever framework format I wanted. It's going to save me a fair amount of setup boilerplate time, and I can then take it and continue to do whatever custom integration and extension work that I need to do. Let me design out the conceptual app I want as a non-developer, then find someone who can implement my project. I can give that person/team a starter kit with my core app fleshed out in whatever tech they're comfortable with, and they can take it from there. As nice as those frameworks are above, there's not a true drag/drop interface for the bulk of the mundane project setup work (well, possibly for the .NET side of things). Care to share what those 3 things were you want to do but can't find apps for? Great feedback. The overwhelming responses here (and my own as well) included "talk to a professional". The majority of people I know haven't seen that much of a tax difference one way or another when freelancing as individuals whether scorp or llc precisely because of the 'reasonable salary' requirement. If you manage to pull in $200k freelancing, but only salary $30k to yourself, yes, you're 'shielding' over $150k from self-employment tax, but that's a pretty big red flag which may trigger an audit. "If it does not pass, they have cost themselves a good deal of money on a inferior election." There's nothing to stop you from changing your corp status or starting a new one if you get to the point where one structure makes more financial sense than another. The original poster's question was to do with freelancing first and later developing an application. I suspect the freelancing income will likely not rise to the point where there's much of a difference between scorp shieldability vs llc passthrough taxation (arguably, yes, any benefit is better than none). Another poster's suggestion of starting up another entity specifically for the application development may be the best option all around, but, yet again, consulting a local professional competent in the laws of your locality would be the best bet one could take, regardless of other HN suggestions. While an scorp structure makes the most sense for your situation, it might not for the OP. They'd need to have people opt-in, otherwise privacy nuts would be complaining that "MW is holding on to my personal clothing sizes for years without my consent!". Opt-in would be fine, but I have to say as someone who is in the process of aging, I'm not the same shape I was 5 years ago. 6 months probably, but I doubt for many people the data is actually usable without a refit after, say, 3-4 years. I'm mildly shocked that someone gets the title of CTO these days and doesn't have home internet access. As someone else mentioned, you'd be getting it for work, so it's tax deductible. Obviously we don't know your situation, but if I had system problems that were continually causing 2-3% downtime, I'd be working all hours of the day (and night) to fix it so that I don't have to stretch out the fix to an even longer period of time. I realize that's probably not all you're doing at work, but this sounds a bit like putting off stuff that's not fun. Plow in, head down, get it done so that issue (or those issues) don't cause you any more late nights. That said, you also sound a bit unsure of the future - not much money left, trying to become profitable, etc. Are you looking for another position? If so, I would expect most other orgs would expect 'internet at home' from a CTO - especially one with an equity stake (however small). I hear ya - and some of that wasn't quite clear from the original post (already doing 70-80 hours, 2 years, etc). And I feel for ya too - I hope it turns around for you. That said, having net access at home might end up being better, if you can manage it. Depending on the work, it may allow you to be more flexible how and when you address problems, and still have some personal/family time as well. the content is going to have to be extremely compelling to compete against youtube/vimeo offerings. For premium content I have a real desire or need to see (concerts, something for work/school/etc) I might pay, but possibly still would look elsewhere. I think the idea is interesting , but you'll need to find the specific publishers that think they have the content worth paying for. Are you timing the playtime, or putting in 'pay wall' at a specific timer in the video? Also, going to a separate website is way too jarring - I think the experience would have to be in-player for it to be workable. I might be proved wrong, but that's my gut feeling. Good luck! tj - i have two people in detroit area who would likely be interested in talking to you about a startup opp. email me if you're interested. fwiw, the 'going to another page' is pretty jarring. Having a paywall inside the player would make it far more understandable. email's in my profile - mgkimsal@gmail.com (shows it to me - not sure why you don't see it). No, neither are able to relocate at this time (not sure if they're willing but I know in short term that's out of the question). You mentioned Detroit, which is why I brought it up. having it scan the words on the page and offer suggestions for tags would be helpful (not sure if it's feasible or not). combining the list page with a 'share this' or 'make a short url' version would be useful too. Interesting idea. Wondering A) how this is done (mturk?) and B) how this will be monetized. I've found the stock ubuntu repositories tend to have more up to date packages. For centos I end up needing to add external third party repositories to get basic LAMP-stack stuff current. That said, I still use centos for most things mostly because current centos is supported by the virtualmin install script, and I use virtualmin for many projects. All said, there's not a huge difference between centos and ubuntu for basic web server administration - you still need to understand the underlying tools - apache, mysql, dns, etc. regardless of the OS chosen. "But why should I care?" If you know ahead of time they're only interviewing for a position that tops out at $35k and you don't want anything less than $60k, it's better to not waste everyone's time. I think it's wishful thinking. Most companies (large and small) I've worked at or known about (via friends) have ranges for particular positions. It doesn't really matter what you want if you're vastly outside of what they've been allocated to pay. Yes, occasionally orgs will bend the position to fit you and modify pay accordingly, but it's rare enough to be the 'exception that proves the rule' when it does happen. I offer both Paypal and Google. There are people who are funny about paypal - they use Google. Others are funny about Google - they use paypal. It covers a very wide range of people without being too much of a hassle. FWIW, I started with just Paypal, and noticed a bump in paid users when I added Google checkout. I hope you notice the same bump when you go with paypal :) gentle plug for my own magazine: http://jsmag.com is a monthly PDF magazine on JavaScript which has been out for a bit over a year. "Ready to print" but we don't handle printing right now. Original content, DRM-free, JavaScript (and some front-end) articles. http://jsmag.com/sampler to grab the 24 page sampler. IIRC it was closer to 25-30% in the first month for single-issue purchases. I'd estimate overall increased sales about 15% over the long haul - certainly worth the initial up front dev time to add it. It's been time for about 10 years. As another poster just put - credit. We accept the concept of 'buying on credit' for just about every other aspect of our lives, but somehow phones are exempt. We could probably get cars subsidized if we agreed to only purchase gas for a Ford from Mobil stations, and Toyotas could only by gas at BP stations. But why would we accept that? More to the point, if phones/service was truly split up, and the majority of people bought there items separately, there would be more competition to drive phone prices down. Local BestBuy here has a Spring Palm Pre - the older 8gb model - for (IIRC) $99 - but buying it without the 2 year service agreement, the 'suggested retail price' is $749. But it's still locked down - I can't buy it and use it on anything except Sprint, and I can't get any service from Sprint except for a 2 year service agreement anyway (IIRC). What's also interesting is that the 'retail' price of the Pre seems to have gone up over time - last summer I could swear it was $599 or $649. It was $749 checking today. Yes, Sprint may be a bad example here, but the gist is the same. If the voice service plans truly are subsidizing the cheap prices, give me an option to buy a full price phone and get service without the monthly service subsidy built in. My $39 voice plan should be $29 or $24 monthly if I'm not having to subsidize the phone price purchase. In the Pre example, there's ostensibly a $650 'subsidy' for the Palm Pre, but I still can't get a used Pre and set it up with Sprint and get a cheaper 'unsubsidized' service plan. Over 2 years, I should be able to save $27/month without having to subsidize the original phone purchase price. We're not given those options because the status quo is a combination which maximizes profit for the companies and presents the biggest barriers to people switching or canceling service. Depends on what you want to do with it. It might be useful to install webmin or virtualmin. Both can help you do the things you already know more conveniently, and both can expose you to some configuration options you didn't know existed. One of the things I like about virtualmin and usermin is that they do very little in terms of non-standard config file manipulation (relative to, say, plesk). Agreed that resolving problems from usermin can sometimes be problematic, it is convenient for a lot of things too. Being able to use the proper tool (control panel or straight command line) is best. I'd found that using a tool to do X would let me then go look at the config files before and after X to see what/how the tool was doing - that was a great learning exercise for me. Might not be for others though. I think muxa was wondering you'd have built this on .net. I'm assuming it's because that's probably the skillset you have. Am I correct? potentially useful idea - good start saw this a while back - interesting video. wondering what the implications are for current climate considering there's less lending going on today. Not sure where you're looking: http://www.indeed.com/jobtrends?q=C%23,php&l= There's quite a lot of C# jobs out there, but I doubt there's many in the 'dude we're a startup' scene. Perhaps there's where you're looking? The C# jobs are going to tend to be in larger corporate America (in the US, obviously. Personally I think MS has been painting themselves in to the corner of only being a viable toolset for larger corporate America due to their pricing. They acknowledge this themselves with programs like BizSpark and WebsiteSpark. It's a good language, and .NET is a powerful framework, just very tied to the Windows platform (mono notwithstanding). And the Windows platform is pretty expensive compared to other platforms. Although the tools are very nice, if it comes down to spending thousands on premium tools vs saving thousands and learning to do stuff 'by hand', most startups choose the 'by hand' route. BizSpark and/or WebsiteSpark can help reduce that upfront cost for a few years, but at some point you'll need to pay the piper. If you want to work in a startup working in the web space, PHP/Ruby/Python will be the way to go. Those are even runnable on Windows - MS has made a lot of commitment to getting PHP running well on Windows. If you're looking for a high-paying corporate job, C# may be the better route, depending on where you're located. Oh, you're on Cinci - there should be a lot of options between Cinci, KY, IN, and perhaps TN or PA. You're a few hours from a lot of places. Good luck! That's cool that you are. I'd suggest you're probably in a minority, but good luck to you all the same. The ability to execute on ideas is the most important thing, and if it's easier for you to execute using a .NET stack, fantastic! To be clear, it's my gut feeling - based on the personal experiences, that most web-based startups are not using the MS platform for a variety of reasons, pricing being one of them. The "vs" example above would simply be ".NET vs non-.NET" If you think .NET-oriented web-based startups have a > 50% share of that market, I'd really be curious as to any evidence (even anecdotal) for that belief. "startup C#" - 818 jobs http://www.indeed.com/jobs?q=startup+C%23&l= "startup php" - 1373 jobs http://www.indeed.com/jobs?q=startup+php&l= However: "php" has 17236 http://www.indeed.com/jobs?q=php&l= "C#" has 41446 http://www.indeed.com/jobs?q=c%23&l= C# has a much higher number of job postings, but far fewer with the word "startup" in the post. Yes, totally unscientific, but it seems to indicate what I'm seeing in the real world. Looking at my own network, which includes a variety of .net, php, ruby, python and java folks, the overwhelming number of people involved in bootstrapping, freelancing or startup endeavours are not using .NET. Again, I point to websitespark, bizspark, and MS' own efforts in helping PHP operate smoothly on their own platform. 10 years ago PHP was laughed at by most MS people I know. Today, it still is by many of the same people, but Microsoft as a company must see enough demand for it that they spend time with some of the PHP development team making sure that PHP runs smoothly on Windows. MS now provides a one-click installer for PHP on top of that. Yes, certainly, all this is simply anecdotal, and I've absolutely no way of knowing for certain how many 'startups' use .net vs not using it. When people still refer to facebook as a 'startup' perhaps the term has lost all meaning whatsoever, and anyone who's opened a company in the past 15 years is now running a 'startup'. But again, I fall back to my own experiences in and around my network. People * I know* using .NET are generally doing so in larger corporate environments (where it's much easier to afford all the tooling which makes .NET fun/easy to develop with) People I know in smaller orgs, smallbiz startup mode, or freelancing are generally not using .NET, primarily because of price. The pricing is part of the motivation behind websitespark and bizspark programs of the past couple years. If MS themselves weren't seeing a defection in the smallbiz/startup scene away from the MS platform, I doubt we'd have seen these programs come in to existence in the first place. We certainly didn't see them 12 years ago. This belief was also largely reinforced by casual 'in the hallway' conversations with attendees at the recent CodeStock event in Knoxville. While language-agnostic in theory, it's still largely an MS-oriented event, based on both attendees' background and session topics around 50% of the topics were .net-oriented) Is this really just a problem with MySQL DBAs? The article mentioned that companies 'can find MS SQL and Oracle DBAs easy enough (they just have to pay a lot)' but I suspect this isn't the case entirely. My network certainly isn't the largest, but I do have contacts in pretty much all major web/tech fields. When I'm hit up for a position (I'm contacted probably once a week, give or take) I'm often hard pressed to think of anyone who's a) qualified and b) interested in switching jobs, regardless of the technology. The market seems to be pretty tight across the board. At least, that's how it seems to me. As for companies 'just paying more', perhaps some are doing that, but more seem to be content to just sit some projects out if they can't find someone to meet their budget. Some time ago I put together a survey on programming languages and religious affiliation. http://www.kimsal.com/reldevsurvey/results.php and the filtered data is at http://www.kimsal.com/reldevsurvey/filtereddata.txt if anyone would care to pull it down and play with it. I wouldn't rule out something medically not quite optimal with your brain and you may want to talk to a professional about some medication to help bring things in to a balance (you didn't mention that you'd done that yet or not). Medical aspects aside, it sounds like you've not been able to find a niche yet. I'm not trying to trivialize this, but you obviously do have some passion (as others note) but you can't channel it in to something productive for very long. It also sounds like you're trying to do this all on your own. There are people who remain stuck in one routine for years or decades. You have the ability - probably a compulsion - to get in to new situations routinely. Believe it or not, this would be seen as an asset in many organizations. A 'presales engineer' position (if you're technical) might be a great position to get in to, as you're constantly getting in to new situations and people, most of whom you won't need to deal with a few weeks or months after the sale is made. Without sounding trite, suicide isn't the answer. You've likely got quite a lot to offer. You're on HN after all ;) I hate to just say 'go get counseling and medication' - I think there's probably other things you can do outside of that, or in addition to that course. I realize I don't know you much, except for what you've posted here, but I really don't think things are as hopeless for you as they may feel right now. I don't think I've had things as bad as you're describing, but I am known for an extreme inability to focus/concentrate on anything for very long. I don't tout it, but have worked on coping strategies over the years. Eventually I found a book by Barbra Sher ( http://www.barbarasher.com ) - well, she's got a few. Wishcraft might be a decent one to start with. It's free, and while a bit airy fairy at times, might help you to see things in a different light. I was first turned on to Sher when I was reading up on the problem of TMI (Too Many Interests). http://knacks.esmartdesign.com/#The_Too_Many_Aptitude_Proble... was the first article I'd found, which seemed to describe me to a T. I've since self-diagnosed myself with that 'condition' and went looking for info which would help me learn more about that. There's no 'magic bullet cure', but that bit of self-knowledge has helped me avoid situations which I knew would make me miserable, and have slowly forged a better, more fulfilling life (though even now, I keep changing my goal posts). The biggest thing I learned from that little journey is that there's nothing 'wrong' (in an absolute sense) with that condition - it's just different. If you'd care to discuss any of this further, please ping me at any time at mgkimsal@gmail.com or 919-827-4724. Had not heard of Kolbe, and yeah, if it's not free, it might not get as wide acclaim. (just noticed it was featured on Oprah - I guess they don't need any more acclaim!). That said, the TMA stuff is not a clinical diagnostic tool, just some guy's writings. That said, they are quite accurate in how they reflect much of my own thinking and mind. It's taken me a long time to stop being as judgmental about people as I've been in the past, and to start recognizing and appreciating the particular skills and qualities others have. It's not easy to recognize in others when you measure everyone (and yourself) against perfection. I'm not sure many of the psychological tests out there are free, and likely having one 'officially' administered wouldn't be free anyway. I had my IQ tested as an adult a couple years ago by a friend's wife who needed to run these tests as part of her phd work. Apparently it's quite easy to find kids to test, but few adults were willing to put themselves through it. I hadn't realized the 'instruments' cost so much money, but there's a big industry in psychologically measuring and evaluating people. It shouldn't have been a surprise, but it was. It's false in the sense that it only provides two options and seems to indicate those are the only two options. Believe in the Christian God or don't. It doesn't take in to account Jupiter or Zeus or any other potential deities in determining the 'logic' of choosing to believe or not. Check out http://wishcraft.com to grab a PDF book from Sher. This book: http://www.amazon.com/Refuse-Choose-Revolutionary-Program-Ev... helped me identify myself more. I got this book for my wife: http://www.amazon.com/Could-Anything-Only-Knew-What/dp/04405... and she said it helped her refocus things. The takeaway from all of this is that TMA page helped me identify and 'diagnose' (in a loose sense) that condition. The Sher books above helped with some practical advice on how to live and deal, and sometimes thrive, with the condition. Her term for someone with TMA would be 'scanner' , and she's written about scanners for years. I've been juggling things for a while, and currently I'm a publisher (groovymag and jsmag), a consultant (really just consulting sometimes), a developer (hands on coding), a trainer, speaker (2-3 conferences per year), have written a book, and am working on some other projects for later this year which may help open some doors in to new avenues. Had I stayed at my job I would have been more compensated financially but far less fulfilled. That said, I still wrestle with feelings of unfulfilledness, and some of that comes down to not being able to execute on all my ideas. What I'd like to do is get to the point where I'm comfortable hiring people to do a lot of the grunt work fulfilling my ideas (I don't particularly care to do the work, I just think it needs to get done). This doesn't mean I'll never take a traditional full time job again, but I'm a lot more demanding and critical when I talk to potential employers. That still comes up now and then, and I'm a lot of aware of myself and open when talking about employment. Nothing has yet fit the bill, but I'm not shutting the doors to that possibility. I just don't think it'll be likely. It'll need to be a kickass company and/or working in an extremely engaging problem space with some freedom for me to float around some. Very few traditional jobs fit that bill. I had no idea what to do starting college, then I dropped out. I went back later (long story) - ended up taking a logic course in philosophy program - aced it, and routed myself in to a philosophy degree. What the hell do you do with a philosophy degree? Get a programming job of course! (which is what I managed). You're plenty welcome. And... as odd as it may have seemed, the phone number's there if/when you want to chat. It may amount to absolutely nothing, or it might be useful for the both of us. I'm not awake 24/7, but am available quite a lot :) By way of reference, I'm plenty older than you, and have dealt with a lot of how you feel (except for the startup in highschool stuff!) since my teens - it definitely can get better. To a large extent things are what we make of them, and the beauty of life is that we can make of it what we want (sorry to get too philosophical so late/early in the day!) http://digitalriver.com springs to mind. Haven't used them myself - would rather keep in direct contact with my customers, but that's not everyone's cup of tea. yep - yay 919ers! I'll be at the PHP meetup group in Carrboro on July 14th, but I live near Wake Forest in north Raleigh :) No problem - glad I could help shed some light on things. I've recently come to that conclusion about work - currently I'm best when I get to make strategic decisions, whether it's about which client work to take, code architecture, or just about anything really. "Being given a list of specs and then coding to the specs is just not my kind of thing" I bet creating the architecture for how the problem will be solved in the first place is more your kind of thing. I used to think every programmer wanted to be an architect, then realized a few years ago that wasn't the case. Hang in there, and keep working at it! I visited the rackspace cloud pricing page http://www.rackspacecloud.com/cloud_hosting_products/servers... 'the cloud' is still pretty darn pricey. Yes, I get you can 'scale up' (exactly how means different things to different people) but you're somewhat locked in to their ecosystem (at least, to take advantage of the features of the particular cloud in question. For my needs I've got a server up paying The close equivalent on Rackspace is $286, and still only nets me half the disk space. Yes, there's a few niceties you get with 'cloud' providers, but for $200+ per month difference, I'm not sure I need them. You're right, it does sound stupid. Execute. Put the idea out there. If it's good, you'll get traction, and that's going to be more useful leverage than a patent. If it's truly unique, you can pursue a patent as well, but don't let that stop you executing on what you have now. 'The big ones' are not scanning your webserver waiting for you to put out something then steal it. Using reliablehostingservices.net - a small operation out of Virgnia. What's somewhat funny to me is that they've got an SSL cert that's out of date (but I still use them). No complaints so far (6 months). I was with theplanet.com for many years before that, but getting a server with more RAM was/is just too expensive at many places. I found RHS via webhostingtalk forums - there's loads of great offers from smaller shops there. http://www.webhostingtalk.com/forumdisplay.php?f=36&sort... Just off the main page I found wooservers in Scranton offering some decent deals: http://wooservers.com/special-deals/ There's lots of places to look for better price/performance than the big players. I've no doubt that rackspace and others provide more handholdingand 'support' but I've found there's generally very little support I've used from data centers over the past 11 years of doing dedicated server management. Looks like a nice cool tool - thanks! I was looking more for already done sets rather than having to do my own, but this may certainly help develop my own faster. I think it probably is more likely that most people don't bother. I do know the Mojo Portal project runs on mono - some of the contributors only run mono. http://www.mojoportal.com/ edit: Sent too soon - what I meant to add with this is that that group there might have more people who can speak directly to the question. what would dropping your citizenship accomplish? you'd still have to pay income taxes in the US if you earn income in the US (generally speaking). Interesting - I'm planning a conference soon and this makes me a bit nervous. Good luck with your fight! They shouldn't be able to override a pingback URL if you're using encrypted URLs. The issue I'm finding is that many shopping carts and libraries aren't using encrypted URLs. :/ Throw in the Yahoo! exclamation point and you're golden! I don't think I've ever seen that font used except at Yahoo! (at least, that's what it reminds me of). I'm reminded of the robots from Suspended (Infocom game). We'll have some anybot robots that tuned for audio, some for video, some for ... what were the others? I thought this would be an 'ask hn' type thing, but it appears to just go to a marketing page. I'm not sure there's much of a compelling reason for using Silverlight or Flash or JavaFX for front-ends in most cases. If you have a particular design or interactive needs and there's already a library or component that works in the particuar front-end tech you're looking at (a silverlight charting lib, for example), then it'd probably make sense to use silverlight. However, that's mostly from a pragmatic cost-only view, nothing to do with the technology qualities itself. From what I recall, Silverlight does make it somewhat easier (compare to Flash) to interact with javascript on a page where the SL app is hosted. However, javascript interacts with javascript even better. The bigger question to ask, imo, is are there things you can't do in JS that you need to? If so, use SL/Flex/whatever. Realize that you're likely limiting the audience somewhat, especially if you're going the Silverlight route. However, doing cutting edge JS is also going to limit the audience somewhat too, as not everyone is running (or can run) the latest browser versions. FWIW, 3birds, if you're reading this, come on our to our PHP/MySQL meet up next week - we're in Carrboro, and you're in Chapel Hill :) I'm not sure if this is controversial at all, or if more govts are sticking with MS out of plain old inertia. MS has a place. Look at the requirements, and if MS is the 'best', use them. But... the 'best' definition needs to be clear at all levels, and understood by everyone involved. My argument for migrating towards more Linux/opensourceness would be one of 'keep the money local'. Especially in the early stages of a migration, there may in fact be a short term increase in spending, to find local talent to train and reprogram systems. After the initial transition, the need for fewer license renewals can be substantial. Assuming there wasn't 100% reduction in licensing costs. Let's say there was a 60% reduction in licensing costs, but in reality that became only 70% because of increased training, customization and programming costs. You've saved 30% but also kept more money flowing in the UK economy. At some point, stuff need to be paid for. You can choose to hire local consultants and companies who use MS tools, meaning you're paying for local talent and paying license fees over to an US-based company. Or you can pay local talent to use free technology. Bottom line: You have to pay talent/labor, but you may have more money in the budget to pay more local people to get more done after migrating to free technologies. I wasn't meaning it was specifically controversial in this case - poorly worded on my part. I remember when these ideas were first gaining steam years ago in various govts (linux people always liked to point to any 'wins'). I guess I was just wondering if it's primarily inertia that still keeps people from basically even trying pilots to determine cost savings or other benefits. I'm assuming you mean Windows. If you have a copy of Windows which you can install, running it on VirtualBox (virtualbox.org) isn't a bad option. The Windows will cost you (or you already have your license) but virtualbox is free to use. 1. yes 2. yes, mostly. I'm not involved in the porn industry now, and still am not comfortable telling some of my family what I do. Not because I'm ashamed, just because it's not something some of them can easily grasp, and it's seen as a bit confusing. I just say "computers" and that's enough for that. So, I'd probably just say the same thing regardless. Ability to focus. Courage to try new things. Willingness to accept some of those 'new things' aren't working as planned and change course or drop them. Ability to examine situations logically, but also to get passionate about the offering. Basic agreement that revenue and profit are king, and decisions should be made based on the numbers. Clear vision for how money will be made. Ability to articulate customer base. Demonstrated ability to sell, or to find people who can. Agreed. 'courage' and 'vision' aren't all that are needed. However, I've talked to enough people over the years to realize when even those are missing. Absent those, you'll never even get close to the doing. Sometimes the 'doing' part hasn't happened enough simply because people are overwhelmed with too many things to do and not enough time. If that's really all that's missing, but the other parts are in place, I'm more inclined to get involved (although still, I rarely do). Not much criticism, but I like it so far. Does this look like something you'd try to monetize and keep proprietary, or open up the source to (or both perhaps?) Similar to mensamember on here, I'm also a member, or was, as I didn't renew. 20 years ago it might have helped me in social ways. As of now, it doesn't really provide any substantive benefits. Unlike jeb and mensamember, I have it listed on my resume, at the bottom, in 'other', along with toastmasters experience, some public speaking activities, and other misc stuff. For me it wasn't so much wanting to 'brag' about it, but it felt like another facet of who I am (albeit a very minor one). It's also meant as an indicator that, objectively, there's a certain amount of quantifiable innate talent/skill I possess which can be harnessed for problems. Specifically in the resume/job context, whether or not I completely understand the industry you're working in (perhaps I have no direct industry experience), ideally the Mensa qualification should indicate that I have the capacity to get up to speed quickly on the new industry and other facets of your company/business. If someone is that offended by me stating something like that about myself, they wouldn't like working with me anyway. I wrote a bit more about it here: http://michaelkimsal.com/blog/mensa-on-my-mind-and-resume/ All that said, I'm really not convinced that one can 'cram' or 'study' or 'game' the IQ tests all that much. I qualified for Mensa a few years back, but used tests scores from the 80s. A couple years ago I took some IQ tests (friend's wife needed to administer IQ tests to adults, and had a hard time finding volunteers). These tests were completely different instruments, administered by different people over 20 years ago, and statistically they put my 'intelligence' in pretty much the same spot. Not much had changed over 20 years. The tests seem to test something deeper than things you can 'train' for. If you took the same test multiple times, perhaps you'd get a better score, but that's not an accurate indicator then, is it? You think most college graduates could get in? Perhaps we went to different colleges... :) I think you're being a bit too generous with the 'most' comment, or you might be biased based on your immediate peer group. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkQ6XgXeNuY (I can't see the video right now) Yes, they might be cherry picking, and there's no indication all of these people are college graduates, but I suspect some were. One was a college professor. I think you're in the minority (by definition of being in Mensa, you already are). But just because you aced it doesn't mean that most people - even most college graduates - can. I've worked too long with too many college graduates who struggle with basic concepts to believe that. Step 3 might be the only thing to automate - does your bank offer scheduled transfers? I'm not sure there's much more streamlining you can do - it's likely not really all that much work. Personally I tend to just deposit all incoming money in to a few accounts, then periodically (every month or so) move some money to personal for living expenses. I'm not paying myself a 'salary' as such - it's all 'pass through' on to my personal tax forms anyway (was sole proprietor, now have an llc for some work). The accounting stuff - keeping track of what money comes in and out - clients, contractors, etc - I'm using outright.com for the bulk of that. I guess I just don't see it as that much of a pain - certainly not enough to streamline. Perhaps migrating to a payroll service would be useful to you? You might then have to worry about having enough in the 'business' account to cover the payroll, such as it might be. Almost any web-based tracking tool would help bring order to your chaos. It doesn't particularly matter which one, as long as everyone uses it. There need to be penalties for not using it. Alternatively, one person can be designated as the 'point person' for keeping it up to date, summarizing the emails and updating statuses as appropriate. If one person has that job, it might make the transition for everyone else easier. I'm currently using redmine for projects. It gets the job done right now. You may have specific in-house skills or needs which may point you to another tool. There might be some resistance to it - as in "we don't have time to use another tool!". But how much time has been lost when documents go missing, people have different understandings of the project status, and (verbalized) deadlines are missed or ignored? Likely far more time than it will take to adopt a single issue tracking tool. If they feel you've left them in the lurch, you won't get good references, regardless of what happens. As much as money doesn't magically make everything better, ask for more. It's mercenary, but you're likely doing much more work to accomodate the 2 who left (whether directly or indirectly). More $ for the short term will make it easier to go write your book at the end of the year. If you have a short term goal, imo, suck it up and try to make the best of it (which, ime, would include more $ somehow). If you can afford to leave now and just start on your book, it may be better for your sanity and attitude to just do that instead. You're in a situation with no easy answers. Alternatively, you could also offer to take over the projects. Go direct to the C-level crew and tell them you're going to be put in charge of the project, you need $x dollars, and authority over the project to get it done. If the project is that important, they may give it to you, or tell you to pound sand. So... go pound sand. It sounds like you couldn't do any worse than the ball-droppers. This probably sounds like all pie-in-the-sky fantasy, but if you don't ask, you don't get. It really depends on the people involved and who would be doing the reference, and when the reference would come. Asking a direct manager for a reference three weeks after leaving them in the middle of a death march will likely not result in glowing praise. Would you provide the relevant ToS for that claim please? The code itself would only be one portion of the project price. You may look at code that might only take 1 week to produce, but it may have taken 5 weeks and 4 iterations to get to that point, specifically because the committees in charge did not know how to express their needs. That's not to say I don't think open sourcing code is a good idea - in general I do. But don't use the code as the sole data point when judging whether it was worth what was paid. I have done some work for the state of NC, and I took over a project a few years ago that was in a total mess. I had asked to rebuild it, and was told 'no' initially. So the first year dealing with it was basically patching and rewriting and learning how that system was built. It took far longer to understand spaghetti PHP than it would have to just ask what they needed and rebuild it, but there was no trust in me at that point (given what they'd been delivered at that point, I suspect they didn't trust anyone to deliver something moderately decent and usable!) Someone looking at what I'd 'delivered' for $x just looking at the code would have been horrified, but it was not solely my decision. It might not lead to cost savings directly, but possibly over the long term. Other gov't entities might be able to reuse it and get their own savings, but the original entity might not see any direct savings initially. I've also been involved using data from a fairly high dollar value NC-based project, and I'm rather appalled at how bad the data I'm given is curated. The entire project has taken years, run well in to the 8 figures, and from the few data points I've interacted with it on, plain shoddy. But... independents and small businesses basically would never be given a chance to work on 'mission critical' stuff, so those projects go to the big consulting houses and shops, who get to milk the taxpayers for years delivering substandard results which few ever even see directly, and fewer would know how to fix. That's what's so frustrating. That said, open sourcing more govt code is a good idea. door to door effectiveness will vary greatly on your location and your own personal charisma and experience selling. Most people don't have it, and fail miserably. Here's a short list of suggestions: * Flyers in coffeeshops/libraries/copycenters * Attending local meetup groups (not programming/tech ones, but business ones) * Presenting at local meetup groups * Craigslist posting your services * Answering other craigslist ads * Google adwords (possibly, but don't spend too much without testing/targetting) * Word of mouth via your personal network I'm sure others will have their own suggestions. Your profile suggests you're in NY - door to door might be more effective there because of the density of all types of businesses. Gentle plug: these are the sorts of topics we'll be tackling at http://indieconf.com in November. I hope you get your local webdev work before then though :) Clickable link: http://couponize.me A few points: "Title" should probably be called 'offer'. Make the printable 'coupon' be multiple on a page. It's rather wasteful to just do one to a sheet - 2 or 4 would be better imo. Clickable link: http://www.customercradle.com Talk to the guys at http://spreedly.com/ to see if that's something they could add. It's probably easier for them to add that functionality than it would be for you to write it. That said, it really shouldn't be too hard to write something like that. Payment processing is one thing, invoicing is another, and you want to automate the invoice and processing after each step is done separately (at least, that's how I'd think about it). With that said, you may run in to some compliance issues storing the CCs on your side for later processing. It's certainly not impossible, but may have a few more hoops to jump through. You may also want to talk to a major bank. As difficult as it sounds like it might be at first, I managed to get a hold of someone and started talking about various options I wanted to do, and kept getting told 'we can do that', as in, putting together different plans with various rate fees and such. It all costs different amounts, but it's likely possible a major bank's merchant account arm might be able to what you're looking to do. They just don't advertise those sorts of nuanced variations, mostly because it would confuse the heck out of the majority of the market. It would be helpful if they'd say 'contact us for a custom package', but maybe not. Most of the first-level support/service people you get connected to aren't typically able to think outside the 4 provided checkboxes. Good luck. Your friend doesn't have the temperament for standing alone with his own ideas and trying to make them work. This is not a criticism, just an observation. You're seeing that yourself right now. Wish him well, stay friends, but if you're motivated in a different direction, follow that direction. If you get this demotivated about one setback, perhaps you don't quite have the temperament either. You'll need to make sure you've got the stomach for this path before you spend too much more time in that road. This may not be the time for you to do your startup idea right now, for a whole host of reasons. Don't take it as a sign that something is wrong with you, but that you're simply not ready. Take a few deep breaths... I've considered this an issue for a long time. What's even more annoying is when you apply and don't even get the courtesy of an acknowledgement. I've thought for a while that some enterprising job application software startup could add a 'be polite' function which would automatically reply back to someone after X days if the employer decided not to follow up. But as someone else mentioned, we're (in the US) such a 'lawsuit happy' place that many companies are likely fearful of committing anything in writing which would come back to haunt them. Even truthful, as in "based on your application, you're not qualified to work here", might offend someone. Personally, I think that excuse is a bit overblown, and I suspect it's more a factor of people being lazy or overworked when they don't reply. What does a company get out of spending time replying to applicants they've turned down? A reputation of being professional, perhaps even 'outstanding'. When getting totally ignored becomes the norm, even getting a polite 'no thanks' acknowledgement might be something to make you think twice about that company and how you refer to them in the future. Also, many companies could do well to post on a blog the types of candidates they're looking for, explain the process, and perhaps even give genericized examples of things to avoid in an application, based on the previous applicants. This would help get them a better prepared applicant, making the process a bit easier for them. A couple things spring to mind: * Acknowledge your fear/unease up front, hopefully with a little bit of humor. "I get a bit nervous during interviews" and the accompanying "don't worry - relax, can I get you a drink?" sort of banter may help take the edge off. You've explained that you're a bit uncomfortable, but ideally they'll see you working through that. * Bring code samples. You may be more at ease discussing something that's physically in front of both of you. * References - it might help to bring some written references with you. Depending on how the interview is going, you may be able to point out something in writing that pertains to what you're discussing (previous projects, etc). "Sometimes I forget some of these things and need to have my notes with me" or some rationalization like that, done smoothly, won't seem out of place at all. Some may see it as the sign of someone who's sharp and on the ball, able to go beyond 'winging it' and prepare with extra material even when it's something which is difficult to do. There's no universal way to deal with it - everyone's reasons are different. That said, make an effort to prepare even if you're not at ease with it. Almost completely OT, but looking at limedarling's linkedin, I was pleasantly surprised to see 'Grails' referenced as something she's working at bring proficient in. Thanks LD - you made my day :) forcing them to have written tests beforehand would probably have avoided many of them in the first place I bet. What you describe could be dealt with by having a team lead review things and assign some of the bugs back to the original developers. Done right, this can indeed increase some quality issues over the long haul. The problem with this can often be the bugs are there not because they're lazy but because they really don't know a good way to solve the issue, and may not even have recognized the bug potential at the start. The 'fresh pair of eyes' argument has a lot of merit, but it tends to result in other people cleaning up for the original devs, which you're trying to avoid (I don't blame you). Talk with the team lead(s) and see if they can divvy up some bugs back to the original devs, then track if those same mistakes get made by the same people or not. QUOTE ================== "Apple’s App Store was a constant source of stress in the development process. Every time another story of Apple randomly booting an app from the store came out, the whole team quaked. The idea that we could do all this work and then Apple could deny the app, or even keep it in limbo forever, made us second- or third-guess every design decision. “Will this pixel hurt our chances of getting accepted?” Apple is killing the creativity of their developers with the uncertainty of their App store policies. We made it through okay, thankfully, but I can only wonder about how much more interesting the store would be if Apple had given developers a clear list of rules, and promised to stick to it. The Fear, Uncertainty, and Doubt people have about the App Store was entirely optional – Apple brought it on itself, and it’s not going away." ================= Totally spot on. I'm not even in the iphone/ipad development space (yet?) but among the people I run with who are, that's a big question mark for them, and something which is feeding in to the Android hype (rightly or wrongly). Whether Android is a better platform for a particular need is coming second to "there's no one to arbitrarily deny our app distribution" (assuming nothing illegal or malicious still). Yes, that's still balanced out with 'there's more money in the Apple ecosystem' but that might not hold true forever. With magcloud, there's no guarantee that the next update version will be accepted, or the next one, or whatever. Based on the reports we've read from others, magcloud might use an icon that Apple reviewers don't like, and magcloud v2 on the ipad might not be accepted. Insanely arbitrary, and Apple will need to do a lot to win back the trust of devs who have defected (assuming there's anything they ever could do to win it back). I want to say 'why has it taken this long?' but I also understand they're not a small project that can make changes willy-nilly. Still, WP3.0 seemed like the most logical time to be making those changes - major version number, etc. i use http://omnis.com for many domains - they're starting to put a bit of upsell in the process too, but it's not half as overbearing as godaddy. they also seem to be holding prices steady - i didn't notice a big jump recently, and the renewals are the same price - there's not (yet?) a deep discount then hiked price on the next year. "ensures maximum compatibility with various email clients" Are you sure? Are you testing deliverability and open rates? Are you following the various idiosyncrasies which major mail hosts display (yahoo rate limiting, etc)? Do you follow strong anti-spam measures, and check your system for security holes often? Not saying you don't but there's more to a hosted mailing solution than just the mailing. I'm not sure most people are able to put in as much time in to providing tried/true templates which work across a variety of clients unless they're working for one of the larger mailing list companies. That said, I still do most of my own mailings, but I knowingly make the tradeoff. @gaiusparx - mailchimp, madmimi, icontact and bronto are some of the bigger ones friends of mine use, and they all have generally good things to say about each one. I know some of the folks at icontact and bronto and can attest that they're both security-minded, customer-focused and basically 'on the ball' folks overall. To do it 'right' is more effort than most people can expend. Being someone who also is a 'DIY' approach, I don't disbelieve you, but I often realize just how much I have to know to do things right, and how much value some of the other services provide for the less technically-inclined. The "blog" or perhaps "blog-inspired" things. tags are one you mentioned - trackbacks and pingbacks are two more. "friending" as a verb/process might be another. Can I assume you meant 150k per year? Obviously money going out with no income depletes cash on hand. However, it would seem making 150k for a year or so should buy you a pretty big runway. I'm guessing you have a lot of outgoing if it feels like it's disappearing 'fast'. Your point has some merit, but just by being an employee some place vs a contractor doesn't mean you'll automatically have that institutional knowledge. The only benefit I've had in some employment situations is knowing early on that the people with answers had already left, rather than spending time researching who would know the answers to XYZ. 20k per year? Wow. Even the most expensive family plans I've seen for family with pre-existing conditions was around $1100/month - $13k. I feel like I'm getting ripped off and we only pay around $300/month! Some companies do, some don't. Glad you were in a camp that does. I've known people who were at companies which didn't value that knowledge and would just cut cut cut. It's not that much of an increase. In the US, you're already paying half that 15% anyway. You pay the additional half being self-employed, but it's also a deductible expense. The biggest adjustment people need to make is keeping track of the financial aspect in general. It's not that hard, but you need to keep an eye on it. Make estimated tax payments quarterly, don't spend more than you make, keep extra money in reserve, etc. Also, as I wrote elsewhere, I'm paying $300/month for health insurance for my wife and I. That's close to what was being deducted for my group plan when I was employed (it's a bit more, but not that much more). Yes, we're fortunate as we're both in decent health, but we've also chosen a moderately high deductible plan, which keeps the premiums lower (though they still keep going up insanely every year). I've not done it yet, but as a self-employed person, you can set up a SEP-IRA (I think that's it) and some people manage to sock away much more in a SEP than is allowed in traditional Roths or 401Ks. If you've got it and can save it, that's decent deal. I will say $90k as self-employed vs $45k employed is a pretty big difference, even factoring in the tax/benefits diffs. But I don't normally see that much of a difference in skill levels and income. SR devs I know contracting may be making $120-$150k, but as an employee might only be around $90-$100k. That's a difference, but not a 100% diff. nt;dr Short answer is I think ESR was important in some areas. Cathedral and Bazaar in print was passed around at my office a lot - exposing a number of people I knew to the main ideas at the time. They may have been exposed to those ideas at some other time later on by someone else, but I think CatB was at least a small catalyst. Selling for most people now is not a great idea for a couple reasons. A) as the other person pointed out, you'll still likely have rent. As for bouncing around looking for cheaper rent, you typically get locked in to a rental agreement for at least 6 months, if not a year. You can't just move every month to save a few bucks. B) Moving costs money (and time) in and of itself. C) Selling costs. At least in the US, most housing sales are going to eat up 5-6% of the house price in commissions. On a $150k house sale, it's going to cost you $9k (plus, again, the time and expense of moving). Unless moving is going to save you significant expenses vs renting, it's probably not that wise to blindly sell and move. Assuming, that is, you even could sell to someone in this market. It's not great in many areas for sellers right now. If I could rent someplace $800-$1000 less than where I'm at now, I'd consider it, because the cost/expense would be recouped in probably a year, but I wouldn't go through all that hassle/cost/expense to save a couple hundred per month. YMMV. None of the above. Sometimes I do, if the call is more than 15 minutes or ends up with any sort of actionable items. If it's just a few minute status call, I don't bill for it. Gentle plug: http://indieconf.com - a conference for web freelancers - will cover these sorts of topics in greater detail. :) ccnow.com fees are: 4.99% of Gross Sales plus $0.50 per transaction $9.95 setup one time $9.95 per month if you sell $100 in a month, no fee. I've been using them for years for some stuff - works out fine. Just to throw a comment in here - I've talked to Dan on the phone about this, and was interested in working with him on this. My schedules and commitment didn't allow for us to work together, but I'd encourage others to get in touch with Dan - this feels legitimate and doable for the right person. Where is USD $112? I was seeing USD $88 on the site. EDIT: Ah - $88 + shipping at $24 (US/UK) - = $112. I tend to agree, however nice the layout, these are just reruns of stuff we've seen. The next step will likely be using the initial subscription money to start funding some new original columns. It's tough work, no doubt. plug: http://jsmag.com and http://groovymag.com possibly don't look as nice, but we do get out around 30 pages (each) of original content each month. I've looked in to shipping for groovymag and jsmag, and the costs would add around $4 per issue - $48/year, which almost doubles the current cost. Not easy doing print in small runs. I was looking at b/w - hackermonthly is color, IIRC, which is even more $. My bet is if magcloud offered b/w, they might get the price down a little bit, but not much. I typically just close the door, and my wife knows not to disturb me when the door's closed. It's pretty darn simple, really. I agree with the other post - have partners and family that understand "when I say I'm at work, do not disturb me". Perhaps a 'do not disturb' sign would be more effective? Or maybe there is no 'problem' at all. Different people work in different ways. If you only work for the company for less than a year, as the author proudly admits to, then you should not expect to be given substantial influence in the company. ======================= Explain VPs and midlevel execs that come in and are given substantial influence on day 1. They've not worked at the company, yet are given staff, budgets, division and respoonsibility, sometimes (often?) before it's known if a) they're really competent and b) a good corporate fit. Seeing that sort of stuff happen can lead people like the OP to despair even more of being able to make any substantive impact. Flight, because it'd be fun. I fear there's more practical aspects to invisibility though. Flying while invisible would be the best of both worlds, from a 'getting stuff done' (good or evil) standpoint, but your experiment says we can't have both. The first poster here illustrated many of the pros of invisibility already - I won't repeat them all. But I'd probably still prefer to fly, at least for a bit. I think it's more that Apple laptops are more popular among a certain crowd. I was a Linux guy for a long time, but despaired of perpetually poor laptop hardware support. I got a macbook and enjoy such basic niceties as a) closing the laptop, opening it back up, and being productive in b) wireless networking pretty much 'just working' c) sound support that allows multiple programs to play sound simultaneously all of which were issues on my earlier laptops running various linux distros. That said, much of my time on the mac is spent sshed in to linux servers, in vim, so... is Apple the 'platform' I use? I guess. If I didn't have a need to be as mobile as I am, I'd probably just have a nice linux desktop system and still mess with vim and ssh as much as I do now. Even at http://jsmag.com I still use the word 'JavaScript' regularly, but do think JS works better. I've similarly been bugged by the naming since the early days, and the continual confusion with Java even these days still irks me. "This means that we're in the controller but we still have to grasp what the hell is going on in the database. The abstraction is leaking!" How many people JUST work in controllers and can remain oblivious to what's going on in the DB? Just because you move the ORM or any DB call to a different area of the code doesn't mean you shouldn't have a grasp of what's going on. If I wrapped all ORM calls in some service layer classes, that simply means that now when I'm looking at my service layer classes I "still have to grasp what the hell is going on in the database. The abstraction is leaking!". Doesn't it? I'll thank you not to refer to Princeton that way. "can I emerge from the other side of this and find great people to work with and cool stuff to work on?" Without a doubt. It might take a bit longer for you to find a new groove (or refind your old one) but you'll have no problem eventually getting back in the game. Obviously a broad statement. you might, perhaps. My experience, though, has been people I've known who had this level of self-awareness and drive for improvement were never held back for very long at anything they set their mind to. I'm not sure we're at a point in the evolution of programming having been a viable career path for enough people yet to judge one way or another. There's not many people in their 60s who have been professional software developers most of their career, so you wouldn't (yet) see a large number of retired people "creating awesome open source projects". IMV, the it was the tail of of the baby boomers who could have started doing programming in anything resembling what we might have today, and they wouldn't/couldn't have started until at least the late 70s/early 80s. When 'home computers' started becoming commonplace, 'programming' started to become an accepted vocation. Those people are now approaching or in their 50s, and still have another 10+ years to go before 'retirement'. Frankly, I don't see that many 'awesome open source projects' compared to the total number of projects launched/opened. What I value more are 'awesome open source projects maintained and kept current '. I don't see many of those around at all, by young or old people. I was in their shoes once, and it was a horrible experience. I had paychecks bouncing at the end, some tempers flaring, and overall was about as miserable as could be. I'd suggested that people start looking for other jobs - there was no turnaround in sight. This was just a group of 5 of us - not some huge office, so we were closer (physically, if nothing else) than some other larger orgs that have gone through this. To their credit, they stayed as long as possible, later than was probably prudent. That may have been partially due to the fact that few others in the area were hiring at the time. Answer, you can try to sue, but there's probably very little chance you'll get your money any time soon. Whether you want to pursue this or not depends on a few things. Do you feel they mislead you? Do you think they really have money and are just lying to you? The flipside of my experiences was about 4 years after that scenario above, I did some contracting with a company - remotely (unfortunately) and they didn't pay. I found out from discussions that the PM on my project quit soon after I started, another developer on the project quit as well. He'd told me he'd quit because he was tired of the contractors bitching to him they weren't getting paid - apparently this was a habit company X had. I had other contractors seek me out and tell me they'd been shafted on payments too - one for $700, and another for $3500. Mine was to the tune of close to $9000. (never again!). So... I drove up to his state and filed a lawsuit. It's been > 2 years, and it's still in the system. Will probably take another year, and at that point, I'd still have to collect. At this point, it's a matter of principal - the company's whole MO was to farm out work to contractors in various states, then not send payment. That's a whole other level of evil, imo. But maybe I'm biased and I really was as scammy as the guy who didn't pay me? I don't think so. I was honest with people - there's no money coming in - take another job if you can get one. That's not what happened to me a few years later, though perhaps some might see it as divine retribution? Ballpark, what's a 'decent chunk of change?'. In my other comment, I mentioned I got stiffed for about $9k. Perhaps your situation is more? or less? I realize everyone's perception of 'decent change' is different, but I can tell you that at that point, for me, $9k was huge. I'd passed on other work for that contract, and then not getting paid was a pretty big hit. However, I managed to scrape through it (barely), have diversified, and am multiple times better off than just 2 years ago. I suspect now that you have a new job, you did get through it, or are starting to. Should you forget about it? That's up to you. Can you forget about it? I'd suggest if you're through the worst of things, you indeed can . We'd had a not bad year - our first six figure project was earlier that year. However, the sales cycle was proving to be much longer than we'd anticipated (selling to higher ed) and then we had a couple of projects cancel (mid-late 2003). Everything became too much. Later, I went back to working for others for a while. I smelled a bad burn rate at this company, but only after I'd sold my house and moved states. :/ We were supposed to be impressed with announcements of $x projects and $y investments, but it wasn't that hard to see that 20+ people at a company, being paid full time, would eat up those $x and $y in just a couple months, but the $x was for a 9 month project. I ended up being extremely cynical and distrustful of others (as I'm sure a few people ended up distrusting me earlier) and it's taken years to get back a modicum of faith/optimism again. Working for myself seemed about the only way I could have a degree of control and not be left in the dark on finances. Yeah, my boss is a jerk, but I'm sleeping with his wife. ;) I'm doing multiple things - I didn't want to have all my eggs in one basket, revenue-wise. I'm getting to the point where I may want to refocus on just one avenue again, but the issue of having all income dependent on just one source, then getting shafted, was painful. Diversification was a reaction to that. I know what you mean about $9k feeling like a lottery win. As I said, I ended up suing, but it's likely going to be years before you get a trial, and assuming you get a judgement, you still have to collect. I'm doing multiple things - I didn't want to have all my eggs in one basket, revenue-wise. I'm getting to the point where I may want to refocus on just one avenue again, but the issue of having all income dependent on just one source, then getting shafted, was painful. Diversification was a reaction to that. I know what you mean about $9k feeling like a lottery win. As I said, I ended up suing, but it's likely going to be years before you get a trial, and assuming you get a judgement, you still have to collect. One bit of advice might be to file in small claims court for whatever California's limit in small claims. In the state I filed in, it was $5k, but I wanted to go after the full $9k (technically, $8800 IIRC). It will probably get handled faster than a traditional court/arbitration process. Get your documentation (emails, whatever) bundled together, file your claim, then move on in life (if you choose a legal route). If they're still operating (on a shoestring I guess?) there's still a chance you'll get a judgement, but it'll likely be years before you actually see a dime. So, don't think you'll be getting $9k any time soon. I've planned my life around never collecting, but have put a process in place which might let me collect. But I have to operate financially like it's gone. Once you get to that point, and you're living without it, it might become easier to make the decision to not sue. In my case the company had a habit of operating this way, and I'm suing on the principal of it. In your case, if you were friendly with the guys, and you believe them to still be decent people, adding a lawsuit to their misery might not be the karmic thing to do. Good luck either way. fwiw, i wasn't approached - i'd simply answered an ad on craigslist. What time zone does it post in? I'd suggest something a bit more clearly noted on the screen, perhaps next to the time itself. Just a random anecdote here on portion sizes: Piper's in Raleigh has a really good fish n chips plate - my wife loves it. However, it's an insanely huge portion. $13.95, but it's more than enough for two people (she split it with a friend last time and they couldn't finish it). Dropping the sizes in half and making it $10.95 would still be a good value (well, in line with the rest of their portions, FWICT). The waitress has said that most people don't finish the fish because it's too much - it just ends up being thrown out. You can't easily reheat fried fish the next day as a leftover (well, I can't - any tips?) Getting Chinese takeaway always felt a bit expensive (for the good stuff around us). However, we've cut back on portion sizes, and my wife's dinner is enough for dinner, then lunch, then usually another dinner, all from an $11 menu item. In those terms, it's a good deal. But if you tried to eat it all in one sitting, it's too much. I just do not understand restaurant portion sizings. What should happen here is this... When a server is 'shut down' for phishing or spam, a firewall blocks all incoming/outgoing except for traffic to/from a pre-determined IP address along with the notice that the server is being quarantined. Site owner/admin can then access the server, perform any investigations or deletions necessary, notify data center, then data center opens traffic again. Alternatively, something like a web-based shell allowing access, but all other traffic denied, would be acceptable. I've had servers shut down for 'abuse' which was one complaint from someone at 1am local time for me. I supposedly got a call from xxxxxx at 2 am, notifying me that action would be taken, and my server was taken offline at 3am. I wasn't awake until 7am, and couldn't get things resolved until about 10am. I was told I needed to 'rectify the situation', but how can I do that when access to the server is blocked? It's a ridiculous execution of policy, and only serves to heighten everyone's frustration. A private web-shell or single IP in the firewall to allow access would resolve most of the ill-feelings site owners caught in this situation have had. You can give notice, but in many positions, you'll be out the door within the hour. Nothin personal, but that's how it is. I've given 2 weeks notice and been escorted out the door within 30 minutes, and I've given 2 weeks noticed and asked to stay longer. Whatever you give, be prepared that that's your last day, and plan accordingly. They may see it as an act of betrayal or a loyalty issue, and will have you leave that moment. Or they may not. Stop thinking in terms of this being a 'startup'. That term means almost nothing any more, given that companies with millions in funding that have been around for >2 years are still called 'startups' in some quarters. You work for a business, and may leave. Be prepared to leave. Give them a notice that you'll work out 2 weeks to wrap up and document stuff, train a replacement, etc. Don't give any more consideration to the long term health of this org - they've not given you any consideration. To that end, don't go out of your way to be a jerk, whether that's withholding info, trashing files, installing spyware, etc (I've seen it all happen). Just be professional and get out. It's only happened to me once, but it did happen, and the person who did it was regarded by others as petty and power-hungry. FWIW, I was brought back to do a bit of work later, and the number 3 guy in the place heard my story and was basically shocked that HR had handled things this way. How this happened was I'd handed in my notice already - 2 weeks. But... I wanted to know if I was going to get my remaining vacation time as pay or not. I'd started before there was an 'hr handbook', but there was one in place. I wrote to HR and asked, and was told "it's in the handbook". I wrote back and asked what page it was on, because I couldn't see it in mine. I got an email back saying something to the effect of "here's your vacation that's owed you..." and that was it. 10 minutes later the guy in the same cube as me said email to me bounced. I watched him send and it bounced back saying 'mailbox invalid'. An HR rep from our building came to my desk another 10 minutes later with a box saying "I have to escort you out of the building now". She was nice about it, and didn't seem to want to do it, but did it. So... the project I was working on was left in a broken state, client emails to me bounced, and they had no clue what was going on. I left, set up my own shop, and what do you know - that client decided to jump ship and stay with me instead of being charged twice the hourly rate for the kind of service they were getting. Basically, they considered their business too important to be cut off by phone and email from the people doing the work solely on the whim of one HR person. Yeah, that was my rant. Again, only happened to me once, but it happened, and I've seen it happen to others. Good point, except some (many) simply do not make any means of contact possible beyond public twittering, and others don't respond :) Many of the speakers are already promoting this themselves (which is great), but as this is the first event, I'm looking for as many ways as possible to spread the word. The ones I can reach out to I've made efforts to and will continue to do so. Thanks for the feedback/input. Have done that - we've only got one in the area up until last week - a second just opened and I'll be hitting them up. Thanks! http://lanyrd.com/2010/indieconf is up there. And we've reached out to some of the area meetups already, and will continue to do so. Thanks for the input! doesn't sound like you'll really 'always be a windows guy'. per the article, if you give up doing IT support and move to development, you'll probably be just a mac guy, at least for a while. I was a windows guy, then a linux guy, now a mac guy, and am considering investing in a windows setup next year, as well as a new mac. i like playing in all of them, but right now, if I have to choose just one machine, it's my macbook. I can run the stuff I need to, even if it's virtualized and not 100% fast as I'd like. Even so, it's portable and gets the job done better than other laptops I've have over the past 10+ years. Really? Perhaps I just looked at the wrong time, but I was looking at Kohana last year and ran far away. The issue wasn't the core , but everything else around it - the plugins, the dev attitudes picked up from mailing lists, the release process and more. IIRC, I wanted to use Kohana because of some specific plugins recommended to me. However, they were marked as only working in 2.4. 2.3 was in beta, but the consensus I got from IRC people was 'just move to 3 - it'll be released soon and that's where attention is being focused'. The core code might be well-written, but that doesn't mean it'd be a good project to build on. It might be, but code alone is not the only factor to consider. I realize the question was about language specifically, but something that wasn't really addressed in all these comments is the totality of the environment PHP will be used in. PHP using a decent framework with properly unit-tested and documented code, a team of mid-level and sr devs, version controlled, good comments, a build process, and reasonable development schedules would be a joy to work with vs hacked-up Python thrown together by various people who don't know what they're doing with no process, docs, version control, test, where everything was due 2 weeks ago and people just develop on live servers. That would, simply put, be a nightmare, regardless of the 'purity' of Python. I recently took on a project based on Rails. I saw some code - there were tests - some of the models I inspected looked decent. My initial view was "it's Rails - how bad could it possibly be ?". It was/is horrible. However, once we'd commenced, I realized a) it's Rails1 (and was still being developed in Rails1 as of March 2010), there's 0 version control, no external docs, few internal comments, and 95% of the tests are either auto-generated skeletons only, or at the level of "Add 1 to the inventory, save, then check the inventory has increased by 1" (not checking any logic, just db code). Parts of the code are - yes - more expressive that they'd have been in PHP. But, overall, the project is an abysmal mess. It's painfully apparent the original dev(s) didn't understand how to build software. They could 'sling Rails stuff together', but that's about where it stopped. We've made a not too painful decision to rebuild, just using the old code for reference as to how screens should look. Rebuilding is being done in Grails (fwiw), and we're using a bdd approach (easyb) to get started. I was on the fence about using Rails/cucumber, but my skills aren't very strong in that, and we've got a deadline to meet. I understand PHP isn't perfect. Coming from other platforms, there can be many 'gotchas' which catch people off guard. I've found moving from PHP to other platforms you find similar gotchas. It doesn't make every 'gotcha' automatic proof that PHP is crappy (a few do, but not all!) But again, the language, while important, should not totally define your view of the job or the entire ecosystem. Have you looked at webflows in Grails? I believe it's using spring's webflow stuff, but is more grails/groovy-oriented, which might be easier to deal with. What is the 'android vision'? Seems to me the problem outlined in the article was an issue well before Android was even available, and certainly well-known. If carriers adding crap and restricting stuff wasn't supposed to be part of Android's 'vision', Google could easily have created licensing terms to enforce that. They didn't. I've seen a lot of people asking for a description of the problems the position will be addressing. Discussions with clients over the past couple of years have led me to understand that in some cases, companies don't put out many specifics because what they want you to work on is a bit of a competitive advantage (in some cases this is even justified). Letting your competitors know you're hiring to build system XYZ to do ABC gives them a heads-up as to what's coming down the line. Granted, this isn't the case in all or even most postings that are vague. But if other aspects look legit, but the posting is a bit vague, give them a little 'benefit of the doubt'. I thought django had that. ??? Grails does, and it's part of the reason I like it so much. The parent poster wrote "Sounds like what's missing is the ability to create the schema from the declared code." Which is what I was questioning. I thought (rightly) Django had that functionality. Agree: 2,4,5,6,12,13,16,21,23,46: 1 point Disagree: 1,8,10,14,15,29,30,34,37,40: 1 point Score: 20 pretty easy to spend that buying a few private jets and yachts. 1.6 billion ain't what it used to be. Aha - it seems you've been able to find your issues, and those have far less to do with freelancing specifically as they do with life/money management overall. I know plenty of people with regular f/t jobs that have gotten in debt to dangerous levels, faced layoffs, crises, etc. Freelancing seems to have little to do with it. As for going back to a f/t job, freelancing for X years might be problematic for some employers, but certainly not all. I get approached on a fairly regular basis, and while I never say never, I've not had a serious offer that's been even remotely compelling, either from a responsibility or financial angle. Gentle plug: these sorts of topics will be explored in more detail at http://indieconf.com Who's fault is it then? The expectations were set - not that first code release would be awesome - but 'privacy' was the entire reason for diaspora starting. I was expecting some integral libraries that would encapsulate privacy and authentication logic which would be reused for the entire framework. I don't really care if this was 'only' 3 months of work. That lack of security/privacy checking in that photo update section speaks volumes about where the developers and entire project are at. Is it doomed? Probably not - apparently even Duke Nukem Forever has a new release date(?) - but they've got a long way to go to convince early adopter techies (people like me) to install this and evangelize on their next round. Privacy was the key kickoff point in the first place. You can't have good privacy without good security. When these are your primary reasons for getting started, your 'user experience' has to entail security. There's load of social networking platforms already far more mature that offer better security, permissioning, and many might say, an overall better user experience (elgg and buddypress spring to mind as names, although I won't say they're necessarily better UX). Diaspora got a HUGE publicity boost from Facebook's earlier privacy blunders this year, and may be able to ride that wave a bit longer, but the 'federation' aspect they want to add could possibly/probably be added to existing product. Perhaps other products are considering this already? As someone else said yesterday, having an 'HTTP' for social media would be more important than having an 'Apache' for social media. I've not found noise cancelling headphones on their own helped all that much. For me, there's still a set of frequencies that seem to penetrate past the noise cancelling tech - outside street traffic, some walking on floors, low frequencies, certain speech. Noise cancelling headphones while using whitenoise works better (though still traffic and such get through, just not as distracting). That said, for me, whitenoise on its own with cheap headphones was much better than fancy noise cancelling ones. My wife had a pair of the high end bose noice cancellers last year - they didn't work for me for work purposes, and they were too bulky for her to sleep with. pretty slick :) I created a client-side image shrinker - demo at http://kimsal.com/shrinker - github at http://github.com/mgkimsal/jsclientshrinker Perhaps integrating this functionality for images that are 'too big' (whatever file size you decide) would be a nice enhancement? :) Cool. Fork on github and send any pull requests. The issues right now are that it only works with ff3 and chrome. I'd have thought safari would work, but it doesn't (didn't for me). Some integrated browser detection to offer transparent reduction for images on compatible browsers would great. Let me know how it works out for you :) I can't remember where I got it. I probably just googled for whitenoise, then looped a resulting mp3. I've tried some of the generator apps - some aren't bad - but I just have another app in the background running which I don't want all the time. A single looped mp3 I can play on any device. I've also got a sound machine I use for sleep - it's got a 'waterfall' sound I use as whitenoise to go to sleep. http://indieconf.com/whitenoise15.mp3 is what I use most days. Was reading pg's comments about single founders: "What's wrong with having one founder? To start with, it's a vote of no confidence. It probably means the founder couldn't talk any of his friends into starting the company with him. That's pretty alarming, because his friends are the ones who know him best." Someone else mentioned it on this thread, but I'll expound. The majority of good solid people who are capable of being 'co-founders' of something are likely already doing it. 'Capable' has many dimensions - financial stability, personal drive, motivation, risk tolerance, etc. This notion of 'get your friends to join you' is extremely narrow, and while this may be how life in the Valley is, I can assure you it's not like that in most of the country where the rest of us live. Also: "And you learn a lot more about yourself and your limits." That's right. One of the things that happens with 'co-founder' situations is that you're both learning about yourselves and each other at the same time. Taking on a 'co-founder' who's "good with sales" - unless there's a demonstrable (and ideally long ) track record is essentially a huge gamble, as both of you are making a guess about someone's ability. Personally, I tend to discount anyone's self-estimate about their own ability - show me the track record. As for the other comment about 'only being able to do so much on your own' - that's what hiring other people is all about. I understand there's not always money up front to do that. But I'd say you'll be in a much better position to contract out the bits you can't do, either at a reduced rate or some sort of time-limited profit sharing, but in no way just bring someone on as a 'co-founder'. If they are truly starting at the beginning, that's different, but bringing someone on after you've done much of the hard work - nope. Yes, you might not be able to find quality talent, but you couldn't find it in the beginning anyway. My own view is I'd be much more likely to want to work with someone after they've demonstrated the ability to do something on their own which produces revenue (or something insanely innovative from a technology viewpoint that I grok instantly and see a distinct vision for, but that's not crossed my path yet). If you've got 'a cool idea', and want me to come on board as a 'co-founder' and do all the hard tech work, and you've never sold anything to anyone, and want to veto every suggestion I have, we're not co-founders - you're looking for hired help. And that's fine, but the hired help need to be paid. I've been approached numerous times over the past few years about coming on as a 'technical cofounder'. Only once did someone even have a proof of concept put together that was demonstrating the idea in rough form (including a revenue stream, however meager it was). In all other cases, the execution onus is entirely on me, and in every case, there were some rather odd directions people wanted to move in. When questioned, in every case the 'founder' (who hadn't done anything except float an idea by people) was adamant that the vision was great and couldn't be changed. And without me (or someone) it couldn't be executed, but that point seemed to be lost. It seemed people I was talking to would generally rather have 100% control of an idea rather than, say, 80% control over an actual working service/product. Maybe my experiences are radically different from others who get approached about being 'co-founders'? Short view - I agree with the notion of 'DIY' as far as you can as a single founder in your enterprise before you start looking for help. With the luxury of some initial success behind you, you'll be in a much better bargaining position when bringing help on board in whatever capacity (paid, equity, etc). I remembered hearing that - definitely good to know people understand when to bend their own rules (more like 'guidelines we know when to break' than rules, really). hrm.... would have been nice to have seen this built on 'twiliokit' ( http://github.com/mgkimsal/twiliokit ) - a starter kit I put together for building twilio apps inside a pre-configured MVC framework (ZF 1.10). I guess I need to do a better job of promoting twiliokit :) Thanks for your support-desk contribution all the same - looks nice and clean :) Also notice how Chet was never 'fat', but 'plump','chubby','stout', etc? I learned more synonyms for fat from Hardy Boys books than should have been allowed. Problem is, it's usually not 'someone' sizing you up - it's an algorithm like a FICO score that gets spit back to anyone looking you up for credit considerations. When dealing face to face with someone reviewing a report for a score, they might take that in to consideration, but it's not always (or usually?) the case. If you do it fast enough, the bank may remove the charge. They might not be able to easily remove the mark on your credit report now - but you won't know without asking. I've had my branch remove a couple of 'late payments' because they were truly just 'late' by a day or two, and generally just a bit of misplanning on my part. I can always move my money elsewhere, and they'll lose a decent customer for the sake of a $30 fine - they've removed the charges in both cases. You're not saying how much "most of your life" is - are you 20? 60? How much experience do you have with the technologies you're working with (and other related tech)? How much outside tech stuff do you do? I don't know Houston specifically, but that doesn't sound too out of place for a server side java dev with 4 years of experience in the midwest. A couple things bother me - 2 raises in 4 years. Also, dual Java and .Net work. As much as I'm a 'play in all camps' advocate, you may never get truly deep skills to justify higher pay (in future jobs) if you're doing jumping between tech. Overall, it's not the worst pay I've ever heard of for someone with multiple years of experience in Java and .Net. Indeed shows: http://www.indeed.com/salary?q1=.net&l1=houston&tm=1 = $85k http://www.indeed.com/salary?q1=java&l1=houston&tm=1 = $91k Obviously just a rough ballpark, but you're near average it seems. 'jumping around' wasn't me being derogatory - just how some employers would rather have someone with, say, 6 years of deep JEE experience rather than 6 years of mixed Java/.Net/etc experienced mixed together. For some positions, that makes sense, and for others, that requirement may not make sense. The major 3 in the US - experian, transunion and equifax - all have that level of detail. Coupla points: A) you only presented a select bit of info and asked if it was a decent salary B) my experiences over the past 15-20 years have been that recruiters and HR people often overlook someone who doesn't have deep experience with one particular tech. C) I would question someone who's counting 15 years of C experience while also counting the same time as doing .net. If you were doing the majority of those 3 years in .net, then say 3 years of .net, 5 of java and 7 of C. It's still a 15 year career, showing advancement, etc. If you've got 15 years of progressive advancement with a variety of tech at that level, and you're concerned about money/pay, go freelance/consulting. I'm not saying it's right or good, just what my impressions have been working with hiring managers, HR peeps and recruiters. In some cases diversity of experience is something they look for, and in others it's not. http://threddie.com The flip side of this is a job I interviewed for (and actually did take) several years ago. I brought printed copies of some code I'd recently worked on (not sure why I didn't just bring a laptop!). Towards the end of the interview I brought it out and asked if the interviewer would like to review some of it with me. I was told "No". "Why not?" I asked. "Not everyone has the ability to bring code, and it would be unfair to look at yours if we can't look at everyone's." I was slightly flabbergasted, thought the logic was 100% wrong, but was offered the job and took it despite that. I was there about 2 years, and the first 18 months or so were generally enjoyable, but nothing lasts forever. :/ That's what I thought. But when you have an odd view of 'best', then you take odd steps. That episode sticks with me years later because it was the only time it's ever turned out that way. What's the point of ever producing newer versions of a language with new features (or, golly, even bug fixes ) if no one will ever use them because everyone has a 'lowest common denominator' mentality? More to the point, what is the process of changing the 'lowest common denominator' everyone's using? It might be - not sure it's just a PNG issue, or if it's a canvas flaw, or what. The system could ideally check the before/after sizes, and only send the smaller one. Good catch (I think I'd seen that once in testing too). Personally, networking in the local area and a bit of craigslist has been what's worked for me the past 3 years. First year (second round of being indie) was rough, but connections made then have blossomed in to new opps over the past two years. Not sure I can stress that enough - work came to me 2 months ago from someone I met 9 months ago during a meeting with someone else I did work 16 months ago met via Craigslist. I met someone at a conference and 8 months later he called asking if I wanted some ongoing part time work. My own experience is that these things take time, but are eventually worth it. Not sure if there's a way to go grab the 3 figure hourly rate gigs without personal referrals (I'm sure it's possible , but not been something I've found much). You may want to aggressively let your immediate circle know you're looking for some extra short term / part-time gigs. Craigslist connections made about 40% of my income in 2008 - it's gone down some since then, but connections made via Craigslist still bring in revenue now and then. Personal advice - do what you're doing - trim living expenses, shed some excess baggage (unnecessary cars, etc), build up a runway of savings (X months, whatever you're comfortable with) for when you go fulltime on the startup idea. Like many out there, I've got a few of my own 'startup' ideas I may pursue, but want to have a comfortable runway to allow me to focus on the idea rather than cave and start having to do project work midway through the project. Also, just to give myself a bit of breathing space - something I haven't had in many years (though do now, a bit). http://indieconf.com was set up to bring people together to network and help address these sorts of questions. Virtuality of HN is great, but some face to face to address the realities of freelancing is good too :) Good luck - ping me at mgkimsal@gmail.com if you care to chat directly. In my area, looking at http://raleigh.craigslist.org/sof/ and http://raleigh.craigslist.org/web/ and http://raleigh.craigslist.org/eng/ It wasn't all that hot for me to start with. I probably replied to 80 postings in a month, and only had a couple things pan out, but they panned out all the same. Good point. Some people are definitely looking for full time, others are just looking to get work done. Some are explicitly looking for contract/parttime and they indicate that too. F/T is what many want, but not everyone. It rarely hurts to ask - offer part time hours and see if they're open to that. Sorry to hear you didn't go with Grails (my framework of choice too). Sounds like the .Net choice was based on his skills, and not yours. The domain-first approach of Grails, especially with greenfield projects, is so tempting that it'd be really hard for me not to choose it for something these days. I have chosen non-Grails tech in the last year, but it's been a tough choice in those cases. :) How's the project site coming along? You don't submit patches for Codeplex - you submit patches to projects hosted on Codeplex. Some project managers and devs using Codeplex are better than others at reviewing and taking patches and involvement. So what? Most projects on Sourceforge are just plain dead, but everything there is 'open source'. paypal's likely going to be the easiest. To some extent, whatever your initial results are, factor in a few % who aren't buying solely because it's Paypal. If you have profit, expand in to using Google Checkout as an alternative (though I don't think they have recurring) then look at getting a full merchant account that support recurring (or investigate spreedly or other services). Good luck. Choices - I meant to write last night but got tied up. Being on that side of the table, I get their motivation. However, that sounds like a rather large amount of money. LaunchBox Digital - an incubator around here - gives teams $20k I think, plus connections and other resources. $100k is lot of money to develop a product. It's certainly not unreasonable if the specs call for it. But as someone else said, they're going to get paid regardless, PLUS they want future revenue from the idea. I think you should shop around some more, and I'd be interested in talking to you more about this. Contact me at mgkimsal@gmail.com - willing to consider a money/equity split, and probably not anywhere near a $100k deal. :) http://www.pixycity.com/ We'll be focusing on ways to deal with the day to day aspects of freelancing/self-employment at http://indieconf.com , despite the majority of the US seeming to ignore our contributions. :) Perhaps Sara Horowitz can come and present? is it a competitive advantage to your company? GPL might make more sense (or AGPL even). But you may end up needing to watch over contributions and manage that process if you're requiring them to come back. MIT/BSD/Apache would allow you to let others adopt it more aggressively without requiring patches back, so the adoption rate might be faster, but things may fork away from your needs without any real ability to influence things via a 'give contributions back' requirement. Much of it depends on what your company's motivation is. If this was primarily to keep you happy, but they don't want to support the effort long term, MIT/BSD would be easier all around. "rubbish. I thought maybe it would "quack" whilst searching, but it does nothing (other than find what I'm looking for)." My wife's reaction to duckduckgo. Just wanted to get it out there for posterity :) "In what way are nonpaying customers valuable in a freemium pricing model" They keep your user from using a competing service (whether pay or free). Grails with GORM is the closest I've found. Not perfect, but I rarely write 'queries' for most projects unless I have specific complex reporting needs with performance considerations. http://www.grails.org/GORM I don't write create scripts, or data management stuff, or SQL of any kind. def smithUsers = User.findAllByLastname("smith") It's not drag/drop/gui, but it's a lot less mental friction for me when writing code. That's not a bad book. Once you're in to that, you might have a better idea of specific areas of Java you want to explore more (Android, as you say, or other areas) and you can go looking for more specific books in those areas. Bruce Eckel's "thinking in java" isn't bad either. Might be a bit dated in some sections, but the basics are there. It' a creative commons free book, IIRC. people don't need to search for rails info as much, because they already know what they need and/or go directly to the source? google trends is showing what people are searching for, which isn't necessarily what's being used the most (though likely there's a correlation). I can't speak to the GP, but I can say I've written a few systems ('moderate' in size, with a growing dataset) and was able to do the first pass and go for 6 months or so without needing to write any SQL. I ended up writing some because some reports needed to be run fast . The ORM was working, but doing more than it needed to, and it was easier to just write the SQL in that case than it was to try to figure out how to express the use cases in the ORM (GORM/Grails, using Hibernate under the hood). I can't say I never write queries, but on the few Grails projects I've worked on over the past 18 months or so, I've probably needed to write fewer than 15 queries total. It might explain the trend. Just because you can substitute nouns doesn't mean that the conclusion I'm drawing is wrong . I don't think my explanation is correct, FWIW, but I'm not sure there's much you can draw just using a google trends chart anyway. It's not measuring usage (which is what the OP was presumably looking for information on), only searches. Clickable: http://page99test.wordpress.com/2010/09/25/we-need-your-opin... Didn't like the music on #2 - too aggressive. Music from first was less 'in your face'. Both could stand to be a bit shorter, imv. The 'setup' phase is a bit too long, and I don't see enough of what the feedback process is to help improve my writing. Also, I think the 'improve your writing, connect with readers, self publish' angle should be pushed more than 'have agents clamoring at your door to publish you'. The notion of being 'published' is going out of style some, and you have an opp to stand as an agent of change for the self-published and indie publishing revolutions. Good luck. So... get it done in 3. I know many people who did, and still managed to work their way through school without loans or with minimal loans. 3 years at NC State would cost you about $50k. Save up beforehand, work during school - it's doable. Hard, but doable. Looking at Oakland (Michigan), where I went, it's now about $10k/year - 3 years accelerated would be under $40k FWICT. Yes, that's not peanuts, but it's not the end of the world. Scholarships/grants/working during school - it's all doable. I'm still shocked to find people getting in to 6 figure debt for college degrees. I just don't see the payback in most cases, and likely neither will those students. :/ clickable: http://www.faqoverflow.com This seems to be indicating that values are encrypted in the cookie, and the issue is the AES encryption algorithm was implemented poorly. Why are any values with any degree of sensitivity being stored in a cookie in the first place? I'd argued against encrypted values being stored in cookies many years ago with some colleagues, arguing in favor of randomized values. What I kept getting back was "random isn't really random - that's insecure". I could never quite explain my point in a way they understood, which I still count as a failing on my part (but still a failure on theirs to grasp basic security stuff in the first place). So... am I correct in understanding that the ASP.NET system is storing something of value via encryption in cookies? If so, what? EDIT - should have read the full thing - this is the padding attack from last week. :/ But.. 1. Part of 'what's out there' is still limited by attempts to remain compatible with IE6. Especially looking at the 'top X' sites. Yes, some sites are ignoring IE6 these days, but I bet when they started researching that wasn't the norm (and it's probably still not the norm today). 2. Spoke to developers and partners - yay. Except the majority 'partners' they speak with likely are very MS centric. This isn't a "MS devs are dumb" comment, but I speak with many people across multiple platforms, and there's a shocking lack of understanding (or even caring) about other platforms across the board. Many "mac only" devs don't know much about Windows, for example. If the majority of people they spoke with were MS partners, they're going to get a very skewed input base. Did they go out of their way to consult with anti-IE devs? Did they talk to Rails/Mac-based shops to see what they're doing? Did the reach out to Opera or user groups (if any exist)? "What they were going to do in the future" may have been dictated by their understanding of a future MS roadmap. re: naming things. Please have objects be nouns and methods be verbs. Please done have a class named "buildLetter" or "generateEmail" - it's confusing to read. At least to me. Perhaps I'm alone in that? I run in to enough "objects named as verbs" I'm sort of beginning to wonder if I'm alone in this thinking. They didn't say who the partners were - when I think of MS partners (in their own lingo) I think of MS-oriented developer shops. Those are the devs who are their partners - MSDN subscription shops, etc. When MS people speak of "partners", I'd be hard pressed to fin people who think of Apple, Google, Facebook or Yahoo. My suspicion is that much of the feedback (however constructive it might be) was from orgs who are primarily supportive of MS and IE, and as such, the feedback may not have been as useful as it could have been getting feedback from people about why they are not developing for IE. But time will tell on this re: adoption rate, standards compliance and whatever innovative stuff they throw in. I've never seen the term "IE partner" used anywhere, either in that doc or elsewhere. I have seen "MS Partner" used generically quite a lot over the years, meaning almost anyone who has any sort of business relationship (reseller, certified, etc) with MS. So... I don't think there are any "partners" for the "IE team". I think they reached out to a variety of Microsoft partners across the board. If they'd specifically talked to Google, Facebook, etc., I suspect they'd have dropped those names, either to pass blame or try to show group decisions on certain decisions ("Apple's doing this too!"). If the high price is only for the ie6 work, you won't scare them off. $125/hour for regular work - $350/hour for ie6 work. People will get the message. Couple random points: I just bought a new consumer router last year (actually, come to think of it, 2). Neither have current support in the admin screens for IPv6 - it's the standard 4 box dotted quad input only. Yes, a firmware upgrade can solve this, but this was 2009 at the time - how much more time do hardware vendors need to put this in consumer products, where we'll see arguably the most pain (in terms of hand-holding service requirements)? Also, relating to screens, a huge number (large majority?) of software is coded specifically to the dotted-quad format. I think we'd have seen more adoption if the plan we're migrating to had simply added a couple more dots to it. Easier for people to think about at the end, and would have given us a moderately larger pool base, easier way of thinking about new address spaces (visually, I mean). 64.27. 78.45.134.240 where you tell people that the first two (or last two) now correspond to new addresses, and 'old' addressed simply have two leading 0s, would have made transition easier to swallow (IMHO). 2001:0f68:0000:0000:0000:0000:1986:69af, in comparison, even if shortened down, looks pretty alien. Adding two dotted quads would have given us 65k x 4 billion addresses. Yes, it's not IPv6-sized, I know. But in terms of the 'let's measure everything by how many IPs each person on the planet can have!' it would have been sufficient for a while - I think most people would be fine with fewer than 20k addresses each. I know this is wholly naive of me, and real hackers everywhere can do this stuff in their sleep. However, 'real hackers' aren't going to be dealing with the majority of this transition - it's going to be average joes trying to help their family get back on the internet over the phone after they mistype something on their new DLINK-950v6 router from Best Buy. We're well past the phase where we can back out, or I think even consider alternatives, but the impact to existing software screens is not to be underestimated. IPv6 may turn out to be the real Y2k. I could except my hosting provider still isn't ready - apparently their data center itself isn't totally ready. I was told 3 months ago to check back in 6-9 months. Indeed, knowing that things suck and being able to document why they suck, and why your approach is somewhat better is a good skill. It's not all smoke and mirrors - it's providing a somewhat objective assessment of the situation. I provide unit tests and documentation for projects - many others don't. Well... showing that to a client and saying "you're getting this which will help you understand what I'm doing, and help future devs understand what I did" is just good sense. If the client values it, they will pick you over someone else. If they don't value it, they will after they choose the cowboy over you . :) You'd need someone to decide what's "bad ass" to include. Voting/filtering might come in to play, but it's hard to tell, and you usually only have the company's explanation of a job to go on (and those usually aren't accurate). TheLadders.com has made a nice job of segmenting off and servicing a "100k" jobs market, but salary is one thing that's pretty easy to determine in a job. It may be a horrible job, but if the ad says "$130k", you know what you'll get paid. "bad ass" is in the eye of the beholder too - your job is rotting your brain. Someone else coming in to the field might consider it a real challenge and growth opp. I don't know your job, so perhaps that's not accurate, but I've seen it myself. Other people have come in to positions I've hated and they've thrived. On the whole it sounds like a tempting idea, but my thought is that, without some serious time/effort to filter and interview the employers, it'd be really hard to do well. Now... you could charge the employer a decent fee, but give them a few video slots, with interviews/pitches from various team members you'd be working with - turn the interview process on its head slightly. Companies willing to go through the process of really selling themselves and a particular position beyond just one simple list of bland bullet points might be considered badass just on that point alone. mgkimsal@gmail.com if you'd like to consider dicussing or pursuing this more. Rereading your post, I don't think the issue is particular jobs - I think it's you. You're ready for freelancing. The most challenging/particular things (I've found) have come from short term consulting projects. Come in , problem solve, execute, leave before rot sets in. This is the sort of thing we'll be promoting at http://indieconf.com in November :) You're also discounting the notion that competitors don't "execute". Even if you're not "executing" everything as well as your competitors, people will come back to an easy to remember name (easy to remember, spell, say, repeat, etc). The name, imo, was/is a huge factor (as one of the OPs wrote) that I think helped snowball the other aspects of execution - being able to build on customer feedback - precisely because it was such an easy pass along name. Having loads of people come to your site gives you a lot of valuable info that a 'better executing' but poorly visited site doesn't get. Maybe not hugely strange, but: http://raleigh.craigslist.org/web/1965373878.html includes: "have at least 7 yrs of experience and maximum of 9 yrs in developing web pages" There's a whole lot of people they're not going to get because of that :) Another vote for paypal. Although I'm not dealing with hundreds, I pay writers for groovymag and jsmag (think 10-15 per month) and almost always use paypal. Many writers are overseas (outside the US). Paypal is the defacto - most people have one and are OK. If there's some extra weird fee they have to pay, I'll sometimes split it with them if that's an issue - pay a few bucks more in the payment, basically. A few want paper checks, but I try to only do that for US-based people - fees are prohibitive, mail is slow and can get lost (all points you made). For some people, it's been easier (and their request) to send gift certificates to a store of their choice (amazon, etc) rather than dealing with bank/paypal. There might be some stipulation in the sale that you'd have to stay on for X months or years. Many people might have not wanted to agree to that. There are part-time gigs out there, but ime they're pretty rare, and afforded to people who've been with a company a while and 'earned' the right to the flexible working situation. Everyone else if f/t or contract. I think you do need to move to freelance/contract work, and be firm in how you structure your work agreements. If it's MTW, with Th-Sun off, be up front about that. You'll be able to find gigs where they just need you 5-10 hours per week. Get 2-3 of those, work your time, then take time off - you should be good to go. Most of those part-time gigs may not pay as well as f/t work, but you're looking for the time freedom, not maximized revenue anyway, right? http://indieconf.com might be useful for you to attend, with respect to getting started in freelancing. We don't specifically have anything on 'going part time', but I'm sure some of the sessions can address that. A sidenote to 'keep raising your rates'. At some point, for some sort of work, you really will be pricing yourself out of that market. I've had people express that concern to me "I'll never get the job if I quote that much!", etc. My response years ago was to adjust the price down some (and I did it myself) and sometimes you'd get the job. My advice now, typically, is ... don't go for that type of work. Don't bid on that project. If what you're bidding on is commoditized to the point where anyone can do it for 5x less than you want to charge, find another type of skill to enhance and sell that. This approach isn't for everyone, obviously, but I'm finding it works. This might just be a variation of "go where the competition isn't"? It's not just that. If that was it, it would just be a case of paying now vs paying later. I'm simplifying here, but there's something called FICA, which is about 15.2% of your pay. Typically employees have 7.6% withheld, and employers chip in the other 7.6%. It's effectively never paid or counted to the employee in the first place. Someone earning 100k at an employer would see $7600 paid in FICA. A self-employed person has to pay $15200 on the same $100k income (but half of that tax is deductible for other tax calculations - it gets convoluted!) So... self-employed people are paying 'more' , but the net effect of what the gov't get is the same. You just don't see some of that money as a typically w2 employee. Similar boat here - second time round freelancing (3 years). I'll never say never, but haven't had a job offer yet close to the challenge/interest/financial level I'm after. So... I'm open too, but most companies don't seem open to offering what I want :) It's closer to that here (NC). Most people I know who make > $100k have either narrow specializations and/or > 10 years experience. It's not impossible to do otherwise, but geography will play a factor in that as well. Earning $150k in NYC won't feel like all that much compared to $150k in Topeka, KS. Perhaps that's a skill you have you could teach others (and perhaps make more doing that than something else!). My own experiences (and those of most I know) come down to most of those sorts of positions A) aren't advertised around much - you have to have a strong network B) Typically require you to be onsite for at least part of the time or at least periodic visits. I've not yet found gigs that pay $150/hour for long extended periods (9-12 months) which didn't require any face to face or onsite time (where you could live in Thailand but charge US rates). Not saying they don't exist at all, but I think they're rarer than your experiences might indicate. Also, I don't think all clients tend to pay the rates where they are. There's a whole outsourcing trend, which many freelancers are exploring - taking on 'virtual assistants' based in other countries. They do this precisely because you can get reasonable professional-level assistance for $3-$5/hour - which is a good rate for where the worker lives, not where the freelancer is. If I wouldn't pay someone in Thailand $30/hour to do secretarial work for me, why should someonei n NYC pay me $150/hour if I'm living in Thailand? Because I'm a US-born white guy? http://www.dailytodo.org/ http://markup.io/v/j0b9dta6v2cp Did the OP say anything about people needing to pay to use his product? Would you pay to use facebook? Probably not, but they have hundreds of millions of users. "using" is a good first step to know whether you should pursue something at all. Figuring out how to monetize is next step - users paying directly may just be one method. Not seeing anything specific about 'no java 7' - did I miss it in the article? Something which wasn't mentioned here is that many retailers don't want you to know - they want you to come in to the store. If all of the retailers have you come in to the store, there's an effective block on this sort of thing working. Also, many retailers have "we'll honor competing prices on things but only if they're in stock" policies. This would make it too easy for people to play retailer X off retailer Y. I noticed on milo.com that most of the items I looked for "might" be in stock. Well, of course they might be - I still need to call/drive. A different approach would be a push - let me push out what I'm looking for, and have competing retailers contact me with replies. Have the service cost a bit for retailers to use - not a lot, but something to prevent rampant spamming. Build in location, so retailers are only getting requests from people in the area, and have retailers use the system on a regular basis. Just like someone should check voicemail every few minutes (30?) someone could check serviceX, and reply if they have the item in stock with the price, terms, etc. "Click here to hold the item from company Y for 2 days" etc. The Comptroller's response here is the exact opposite of the language, based on what I'm reading. If "the language was not intended to be construed as so broad as to extend nexus to anyone using a server in Texas" then why use the language "A person is engaged in business in Texas if the person has nexus with the state as evidenced by, but not limited to, any of the following: [...] uses tangible personal property that is located in this state, including a computer server". The "sale of data, such as music files" is a specifically defined process, wholly separate from "using personal property, including a computer server." IMO, the state got caught trying to overreach, and they're playing the innocent "oh that's not what we meant!" hand. If it's not what you meant, change the language. Words have meanings - someone knew exactly what he/she was doing when that was drafted. Especially given the large number of data centers hosting servers in Texas, with its central geography, cheap land/power, etc. The pain of migrating away is too great and expensive - people will just comply with the new taxes and most will stay. Some may leave, but it'll take a long time. In the short term - few years, TX will get extra income. yeah, and this idea has been tried for more than a decade in various forms. To make it work, having a twitter-like approach, with location included, and having stores actually using it, that would take off (potentially). The diff now from 1999 is tech is cheaper, more pervasive, and mobile. "Beyond the fact that you will most likely find exactly the answer you are looking for, there are some other side effects." That's either naive, or only looking at simple libraries, or has the luxury of taking as much time as necessary to dig/poke around, absorbing multiple author styles. My head starts to hurt after looking at often un- or poorly-documented libraries written in a mishmash of styles. I often search first - google/irc/bing/mailinglists, etc - because I'll find out pretty quickly if other people are really using the library. They'll have found and dealt with the real world issues that come up (the docs say X, but really , you should do Y, because of performance, security, etc). If no one is using something, perhaps there's a reason - searching will turn that up. Finding an error message like "Foobar is barfoo-ed on line X", then having to trace through back from line X through 30 calls, then finding that all I see is a sprintf() error message of "%s is %s" doesn't really help. Yay - I read the code! It's not useful/helpful in debugging my real world use of your library, not the few aspects you felt like documenting or commenting. Looking at code and docs alone only solves my issues about 25% of the time - maybe up to 50% depending on the platform/problem domain. I guess all is magical in the Ruby/Rails world - 100% of all problems are solvable solely by looking at the purity that is all Ruby code, apparently. I'd never even heard of Grey Goose (shows how in touch with 'hip' society I must be) but the "Stop Acting Rich" book by Stanley seemed to obsess over it. I had the audio book and it felt like he'd gone on for two hours about how dumb it was to buy Grey Goose if you couldn't afford it, and that 'real millionaires' don't buy it. I guess I'm not surprised to learn it is a very recent invention, seemingly created specifically to target the late internet-boom 'new rich' generation's desire to signal wealth. Turnaround of events where? In your life? Or with Yahoo!? If something's changed in your life - unforeseen - that makes it more difficult to accept, it'll be easier for everyone to understand and accept. If it's just a case of... "I changed my mind"... well... they'll move on and get over it, but you'll have a bad mark there. The people you let down may remember this, and they move on as well. Basically one changed decision probably won't have much of a difference, but if this is a pattern in life, it'll have longer-term repercussions over taking the gig for several months or a year until something better comes along. Clickable https://spreadsheets.google.com/ccc?key=0Aue8w7GPjATXdF9jSW1... I think "exchange" should be defined more specifically. "Exchange" for another domain only? Exchange for a reasonable fee? I'd consider $20 or under a reasonable fee. Some registrars might have a transfer fee of some sort - I'm generally willing to cover that cost as well. "Compensation" is already being called for here - "exchange" - it's just not defined what that is. I'd rather be middle class now, my wife would prefer to be rich 100 years ago (actually, in the 1930s, really). I prefer the mod-cons of today, she prefers the ritzy upscale-ness of back then. I think we've gotten so used to format shifts - beta/vhs/dvd/blueray - cassettes, albums, cds, mp3s - that trying to price for the long-haul of ebooks isn't going to be in anyone's plans. :( Interesting. However, many of the pages I moused to reloaded without your bar at the bottom - wasn't sure what was going on at first. I called myself and I could talk on my phone and hear it in the browser, but there was no audio picked up on my laptop mic to go back to the phone. I'm assuming it's still being worked on - interesting execution though! I still can't just walk in to major stores and get these. I can go to Apple stores, or Best Buy, and now target, to get an ipad (and Best Buy, AT&T, etc stores for iPhones). :( And, yeah, you pointed out the 1.5 issue. Google needs to do a better job of getting Android licensees to update their versions. There should be no one selling a new device in October 2010 only running 1.5. edit: I can't walk in to stores in my area. Some stores report they have some archos tablets, but they're generally not there when I go. Use Grails - http://grails.org . You will need to know Java/Groovy. Groovy can be considered a superset of Java (not 100% technically true, but easy enough to think of that way to get started). > grails run-app will run grails in dev mode on its own tomcat. > grails prod run-app will run grails in production mode on its own tomcat. You can proxy Apache on port 80 to the tomcat port (default 8080). Grails uses Hibernate under the hood, but hides it pretty darn well - you generally won't need to know much about it, or even touch any XML config files - to get started. You can slowly add more Java libraries as required. http://www.grails.org/plugin/jaxrs - this is a JAX-RS plugin for Grails which lets you use Jersey as the implementation if you want to ("At the moment, plugin users may choose between Jersey and Restlet as JAX-RS implementations"). The "Play!" framework might be interesting to you too, if you already know some Java, but I prefer Grails overall. I was going to go in to a bit more detail, and this might be the place. All your own code in Grails can be 'plain Java' if you want (or pretty darn close to it). The nice thing is the Java people who want to stick with Java can do that in Grails, or you can go pretty deep in to Groovy if you want. Grails uses Maven and Hibernate, but you don't need to become masters in them before you start being productive. This is why I like Grails so much - I've been able to be productive from a very early stage. The more I learn about the under the hood tools, the more productive I become, but I didn't need to understand or configure Hibernate, Sitemesh, Maven or Tomcat to get going. Now that I know more about them, it's even better, but it's great to jump in and have a working app early on (even if it's pretty basic). Perhaps others learn differently, but Grails has been a great 'on ramp' to Java for me. While I agree, reclaiming them would only delay the inevitable by a few months or a couple years, perhaps. Well Scala existed at that time (2003), but that's not what he'd said. If someone had showed him a 2008 book on Scala in 2003, he'd have not created Groovy. All that said, Strachan isn't really involved in Groovy and hasn't been for many years, so I'm not sure his views on the language or its appropriateness is of that much concern. A whole new team of people have been running with Groovy for years, and continue to make it better and more useful to people. Scala is different enough from Java that syntactically that it's a hard sell for many. Groovy is far more Java-ish for Java devs to pick up, and as such I think it will continue to have a growing userbase for the foreseeable future (but I'm biased, as I run groovymag.com!) It wouldn't be enterprise if they did that. NP - I didn't take it as rude. Just wrong ;) I've been in situations like that before too. In some situations I really was 'negative', and got myself out of those situations. In other situations, I would couple the observations like "we can't get this done on this deadline" with practical options... "but if we do ABC in the next 3 weeks we can deliver XYZ." I was trying to get real options to be discussed, rather than just deathmarching. In some cases, that was met with - well, not positivity - but an understanding that I (we, in some cases) was trying to be reasonable, and generally something was worked out. In other cases, I got what you got back "you're being negative". In those situations, it really wasn't me - "negative" was just a code word for "not on board with a magical mindset of someone who's not in touch with reality". Anyone that didn't deliver or hit deadlines inevitably had a real reason, but giving the reason was just "making excuses" or "being negative". Once I realized, I got out of those situations (been in a few over the past 15 years). A big issue in being in situations like that - you're given impossible deadlines - when you point them out, you're being 'negative'. Then suddenly, when you miss the deadline, you're accused of purposefully not hitting the deadline, trying to 'prove your point' or playing some 'power game'. I've bee in those situations too, and it sucks (advice to anyone in those situations - get the hell out yesterday). I did a 'recipes by email' system years ago - this is similar - and potentially useful. I got the most enthusiastic response from the blind community who loved the 'text-only' aspect. My 'search by email' system got similar support from that community too. Good luck. Life begins at 40, dude :) Never too late, and frankly I think you've done good getting grounded in things like BDD/TDD. There are people I know with 10-15 years of development experience that don't know about TDD, much less use it. It's not a silver bullet, but I think demonstrates a lot of forward thinking. Have you considered just being an independent service provider? Looking for 'employment' isn't going to necessarily get you all that much more than you'd get if you got your own short term contracts. At the same time, different people have different needs - perhaps you have some need for 'employment' in the traditional sense? I'm sensing some independence though - travelling for years, went back to school - jumping in to a new arena - etc. You may not fit well in most traditional employment situations. How are you making money right now? How are you getting by? Are you doing any web work for hire? Could you do more? Does that not appeal to you? The ;) is a wink - was meant to indicate to take it lightheartedly (aka a joke). I get beach balls all the time on pretty much everything I do on my mac - terminal, macvim, ical, itunes, mail, firefox, safari, chrome, pages, keynote, screenflow, eclipse, numbers, openoffice and more. They all get slow, lock up, freeze, etc. at some point or another, and it's almost always related to the fact that I'm multitasking. (true, yeah, i'm lame, and it's only a core 2 duo 2.1ghz with 2.5 gigs of RAM - I don't know why I expect to be able to run 3 programs at the same time). There's == and === - they do separate things. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/359494/javascript-vs It's not that hard to get your head around, and at least one other major language does it this way. Someone else may have mentioned something like this, but I can't find it, so I'll chime in. Transitioning to Ruby or Python or Scala or anything else will not make anything magically better. I recently converted a Rails project to Grails (actually, I'm in the middle of the conversion). I'd thought "it's Rails - we'll just go in and fix the current issues". It was a horrid nightmare of undocumented crap. It was started in 2006 - Rails 1, and had been added on to for nearly 4 years, and was still Rails 1 (1.2). No useful inline comments, no unit tests, undocumented magic method overrides for basic stuff that wasn't compatible with future Rails versions, and so on. It was horrid. But hey, it's Rails, right? Must be magically better than PHP! I went back and forth on whether to rewrite in PHP or Grails, and either would have been fine. Why? Because part of the rewrite process is to use modern techniques - with a big helping of TDD tempering the process. Oh, and version control. Yeah - 4 years of a project with 0 version control is not fun to deal with. So... I'll take PHP with a team of people using sane schedules, TDD/testing, version control, internal and external documentation, and other niceties, over Ruby for the sake of Ruby. Now, modern Ruby/Rails with all those niceties vs PHP with same niceties? Probably a more even draw, with no clear cut choice. But that doesn't seem to be brought up in these discussions. Frankly, most of the stuff people point to as awesome about Ruby (or Groovy, in my case) in isolation can be detriment - metaprogramming in general can be confusing to someone new to the code without proper documentation as to what's being done. Whether those docs are in tests, inline or external is beside the point. Typically when I come in to a new code base in any language the documentation just doesn't exist (or, better yet, it's "self-documenting"... right...). End of rant - PHP really is fine when used with proper development techniques. Most languages are. In my experience problems start (and get worse over time) when people rely exclusively on the language alone, rather than language + commonly accepted dev techniques. What's so bizarre with this approach is that 2 years ago the specs on this were near 'top of line', and the software hasn't changed all that much over 2-3 years. I'm not saying it beach balls more now than 2 years ago - it's always been the same. I may do one more mac laptop - a higher end one next time - but I suspect my workstyle - doing multiple things all the time - is always going to end with beach balls, regardless of the mac. :/ In some ways it doesn't, which was the metapoint. People get extremely hung up on "php sucks" or "python rules" or "C# kicks ass", but the language is only one portion of the equation. How the language fits in to the bigger process of development is a huge factor that is often/usually ignored in these discussions. No, actually, the teams (people) could be the same. It comes down to lang X with sane processes (testing, documentation, version control, etc) vs lang Y with no (not enforced, standardized, adhered to) processes. I see where you're going, and I'm probably not as clear as I wanted to be (and probably don't have time to be!) The ruby community is interesting because of the testing focus, which possibly negates my point a bit. However, I meet plenty of Rubyists who are so focused on tests (which are easy to do because of the language) that they eschew documentation, of any kind. I've talked to more than a few Rubyists who are now in the 'my code is self-documenting because Ruby is so elegant and my method names and variables are so awesome and I can metaprogram anything I need that there's 0 need to have any comments or documentation - just read my code and the awesomeness of Ruby will overtake you'. I don't particularly care how elegant your code is, having some inline comments will not hurt. Having external documentation, and sane commit log comments, and so on, are vital in my view. I'm not picking on Rubyists here specifically, that's just the few that spring to mind. True, but there is a JVM for them to download and install. At some point, when there are new Java/JVM updates, there won't be an Apple to get them from, and there likely won't be anyone else to get them from either, unless Oracle steps up and starts providing it. I've said it before - Sun was stupid for focusing so publicly on "JAVA" (ticker symbol, etc) yet leaving the implementations up to other vendors. But now there's not even a Sun to complain to, so... :/ Until it's something that's a DMG file that anyone can grab and is indicated to work on 10.6, it won't be a real solution for most people. The soy latte stuff makes you type in a 'iam not a crook' license code to download, and only mentioned 10.4 and 10.5. It gives every indication of being a garage-hack-only thing for bleeding edge BSD grey beards, not something that is a drop-in replacement for current OSX users. I want to use it - I tried soylatte last year - didn't work well enough for my purposes on 10.5. Not opposed to them, and probably have some good points (javadoc/phpdoc is probably, at a stretch, an example of that. I've got to run now, but email me at mgkimsal@gmail.com to carry on :) "The fact that the penalty for underperformance was essentially a raise was something they had never even considered." Just .... wow... Given how often the bigger companies are so focused on 'bottom line numbers', it's really a bit surprising that no one ever looked at that. "you're expected to want to get off that bad status and back into "good worker" mode as quickly as possible". THAT I can totally understand. are you using twilio or tropo or something else for this? send me some info at mgkimsal@gmail.com tropo's got an unlimited free dev account. you might want to build something that could abstract the calls to either and switch between them as need be (twilio restructured pricing recently, tropo may do the same, etc). I did something like this some time ago, before twilio (or at least before I knew of them) and may revisit this basic idea at some point. good work :) perennial chicken/egg problem, but they 'chickened' out I guess (yeah, bad pun). Would be interesting to know the final reason for killing it. At that time, I had a need for Flex Builder, and wanted it on Linux, and would have paid for it in a heartbeat. Others I know would have too. But we couldn't because it's not available. I've paid for other software on Linux in the past (financial software, mostly) and got tired of waiting for the programs I wanted and needed to be available on Linux, so I jumped to a Mac. I'd been a rather late holdout, only jumping in late 2008, after about 8 years of trying to do only Linux on the desktop. I guess there were never enough of us to make certain software profitable, or insanely profitable, which is perhaps what vendors like Adobe were after. Awesome story - thanks for sharing! Pretty slick. Would be nice to have a bit more in the way of menus at some point - press 1 to repeat the phrase, 2 to do a new one, etc. Nice job. There's no 'officially supported' binaries from anyone else. Most people I know (on most platforms, not just OSX) use precompiled binaries from somewhere (apt/yum repos, DMG files, etc). Without officially provided binaries for Java from Apple, OSX users are left without any solid direction at this point. Will some company step up and provide regularly updated binaries tested for various OSX systems? Maybe. But that's not known at this point, so everyone's left wondering. Sun should never have ceded this degree of control over Java's implementation to Apple (or other companies), and Oracle needs to step up soon to provide peace of mind (or at least clarity) to Java developers. There's been so much focus the past few days on "Java GUI is dead" etc, and swing/swt/x11 conversations about Apple's desktop Java bindings and such, there's been little attention that most people are using Java for back-end non-GUI stuff. This removal hurts Mac owners who develop Java for non-GUI apps - arguably the largest share of Java/Mac people out there. "For non-GUI work, a relatively simple port of, say, the BSD port of OpenJDK should be just fine." If it's so simple, why hasn't anyone packaged this up yet and made it a project? Yes, Apple will continue to maintain current Java on current OS for forseeable future. Given that they've tended to lag behind on most updates anyway (for various reasons) this doesn't fill me with much enthusiasm. But... that's not what I was referring to. "OSX users are left without any solid direction at this point." I'd meant there's no direction as to who, if anyone, is going to provide workable Java packages for OSX users. I was not criticizing your efforts. It's good work - would have even been impressive at 8/10/12/20 hours. Yeah, a default language is a good idea too - I hadn't thought of that. Again, nice job. Congrats :) I gotta say, I'm impressed. Couple of things that I see missing that might make me want to pay... 1. Team sharing 2. Feedback - allowing someone with a password to come in and lay comments around on the screen. I think there is a market here, but as someone else pointed out, it might be a shorter term market to make something like this but customized for, perhaps, joomla. If this tool had knowledge of a particular system, and would allow me to create a 'joomla' layout specifically, I think you'd have a big winner here. Then expand to things like mojoportal, etc. Go for platforms where there's not a huge community already (basically - not wordpress) and offer something useful to those communities that may not get a lot of attention from designers. All in all, a lot of potential - great work :) Define 'rural'. I live outside Raleigh, near a petting zoo (I smell the geese, chickens and llamas when I drive past to go grab something from the dollar store). Is that rural enough? mgkimsal@gmail.com if you want to talk. The cynic in me would suggest that you didn't get the right influencers to sneeze this to their groups. In think there's some Seth Godin in there someplace too. Not sure I've read a more balanced view of PHP's pros and cons as it relates to a real life programming project (in comparison to another language) in a long time. Perhaps ever. Nicely done, imo. Well, you've done so. Personally, one of the reasons I think PHP will continue to do well is the accessibility which is helped with the basic documentation. Can't remember how something works? php.net/foo. http://php.net/strpos - you get the 'official' docs, along with wiki-ish input from the community about gotchas, workarounds, extra tips, etc. Makes a big difference to many people compared to http://download.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/java/lang/Strin... , for example. That's my post, and I'll clarify a bit. I worked with numbers of people who all fawned over PHP5, some going so far as to (ignorantly) say "PHP4 didn't support classes". Of course it did - the class keyword was there, and I'd done a lot of OO work in PHP4 for many years. Yes, there's more class functionality in PHP5, but it's not on parity with some other languages. AND THAT'S OK . My beef was/is mostly with the term "object oriented". PHP as a language is not oriented about objects . Your apps can be, to a large extent, but the language is not oriented about objects the same way that Groovy or Ruby or Python is. And it shows. So.. embrace the function-based nature of PHP's core which allows you to build OO or procedural based on your needs. Just quit saying "PHP is Object Oriented" just because it's "Object Capable". Personally, I don't deal in those platforms, and I don't work with people trying to justify those other languages by claiming they're "object oriented". It was really just a semantic beef I had some time ago, and really would prefer people embrace the things about PHP which make it useful, rather than trying to sell it as something where it comes up short. Would your mum be willing to pay for such a service? That's the big killer on the SMS integration with services like Twilio and Tropo - they charge per use fees. I'm in a similar boat, and I also often find that figuring out what the larger task needs to be broken up in to is part of the process . I don't know all the steps until I'm partway through the process in the first place. This is similar to a problem I have delegating tasks. Not always, but often by the time I detail out things that need to be done, and how to do them, for someone else with less experience, I could have just done the work faster. In the short term this is incredibly frustrating, and I balance that out by telling myself that over the long haul, getting others up to my level on certain tasks will mean I don't have to do it at all. But determining when to delegate and when to do, with real world deadlines involved, is stressful. "with a well-known framework you have thousands of other developers available to help you if you should run into a problem" Not always true - I'd say often not true. 1. I have to learn where to get support from these thousands of other developers. 2. I have to read through dozens of posts from others asking the same questions I have, but often phrased inconsistently. 3. I have to figure out which answers are correct, and which are wrong, and which were correct 2 years ago, but aren't right currently because 2 libraries are now deprecated. 4. I have to learn enough about the framework to be able to formulate coherent questions using the proper terms and express my specific problem. 5. I have to deal with 0 people responding after 4 days of posting. 6. I have to deal with responses just being "me too". 7. I have to deal with responses being "RTFM" or "LMGTFY". 8. I have to deal with well-intentioned people who ask me for help replicating my setup in their environment so they can help me. And there's likely more variations I could think of that make the magic "there's thousands of developers to help" argument null and void in many situations. Well if you're offering, I'm always on the lookout for interesting cover pics for groovymag and jsmag PDF journals. http://jsmag.com would give you an idea - looking for cool b/w photos. michael@jsmag.com if you have anything you want to send in. Thanks :) Yay. And I bet the person who approved the push out of that av/fw package had nothing come back on them, right? Ultimately this comes down to 'it depends' (on your personality and skills and such). Personally, I'd 'invest' in your own business first - give that a shot. There's obviously a lot of operational stuff you may need to get involved in, but if you've got the money, outsource that. Hire people to do it, but retain the control to direct them as you see fit. This would be similar to investing in another company, you just likely won't have as much control over that other company as you would your own. On the other hand, investing in someone else's passion may be a better fit for you. I'm not at the stage where I would take that approach - I prefer to have too much control over things, and not sure I'd have that control investing in someone else's business. What sorts of businesses are you looking at? I'd prefer a room with a door, personally, for the partitioning you speak of. Even in cubicle situations, you still have a lot of spillover from adjoining areas. That said, for the control over environment, cubes are a step in the right direction if you're concerned about focus (imo). "Open floor" plans are generally championed by people who don't have to work in them. Now... having an open collaboration space where team members can work on something, then go off to private cubes/offices to work separately - having both options - would rock, but I've seen desperately few places that offer that sort of setup (none personally). It looks like, though, that just getting MySQL from Oracle and wanting the annual support contract for a version with innodb will cost $2k/year. The page says that you can't get support for 'classic' MySQL. I can't find an earlier version of that page with pricing, so perhaps this has changed a bit? Doesn't look like this has affected the 'Community Edition' (yet?) dare I say 42? I would second the 'Grails' comment. Groovy has similar expressiveness to Ruby's, but retains much Java-ness needed for Java people to make the leap. You can use quite a bit of Java knowledge and experience in Grails, while gaining a lot of productivity. I generally offer a period of support for fixes/changes after delivery. If the changes are small ( bugs - as in, something's broken and it's my code's fault - I don't charge. If they just changed their mind about how something should work, I charge. It wasn't implying 30,000 feet of space. He was referring to the '30,000 foot view' - the 'high view' of the project/company. It's easy to have a 'big picture view' of things at a coffee shop - "we'll have a login screen here!" - but you can't map out how you want it to work without delving in to more details than is practical to do in a public space. Clickable: http://statsblitz.com Apparently not all Australians know this either. I talked to a couple of placement firms in 2008 about the possibility of temp or perm work in Australia as a US citizen and was politely dismissed - "too difficult, no jobs, preference to locals", etc. I had 15 years of software development skills at that point - mostly webdev (php, perl, etc), but some other non-web software skills too. D'oh! "the market will decide their fate." It seems the market determines the fate of the rank-and-file workers much quicker - quarterly layoffs - than it does for the CEOs, who often keep collecting large and increasing annual pay. Yes, 3-4 years of battling 'tough market conditions' may lead a board to get rid of a CEO, but they'll have pocketed millions during a decline, whereas the declining period is often marked by layoffs of people who were implementing the dumb decisions made by the CEO and board members. So, true, the 'market' will decide, but the CEOs don't really feel the impact of the market's decisions quite as much as most workers do. I don't know much of Bartz's particular situation or pay structure, so I can't comment on her. Perhaps "deal sharing with friends" may be the mashup that comes out of this. Like a 'live groupon' - get 20 people to show up at location X in the next 15 minutes, and everyone gets a free Y. You forgot to add "killed". Probably the biggest, finalest "loser" moment anyone can face. :/ I wonder how well history would have judged him had he not been killed in office. Certainly some positive aspects, but we may have focused a bit more on his negatives (and he would have had more negatives in his life). BTW, find and read "Lincoln the Unknown" if you can get your hands on it. VERY good read (imo). It's out of print, but try to find a copy at a used bookstore if you can. http://www.amazon.com/Lincoln-Dale-Carnegie/dp/0899683207 Perhaps lamson might be of use to you, if you're doing python already: http://zedshaw.com/projects/lamson/ "release early and often" might as well be applied to their recorded output too. How many bands today would be able to pull off 2 albums of 14 tracks each per year for 2-3 years, including tours, movies and singles separate from the albums? How many could do that with great songs being written along the way, seemingly progressing with each song? "Hold My Hand" was from the Rutles - it looks like the Beatles simply copied a lot of the Rutles' better material. run a browser in a vm and invoke a screenshot utility. run a browser in a vm and script a 'print to pdf' run a browser in an X session and do a screen grab of X. "Try to solve real problems" is, imo, almost a cop out. It's too vague to be a useful answer to to the question. As for people 'solving real problems'... well... I've known plenty of people who think they're doing just that. It's often identified as a problem they have themselves, or close friends. They spend time working on it (often too long) without knowing there's already 50 solutions out there. Which leads to 'research your audience before building'. Well... how do you do that? You need to make sure the people you're asking A) actually have a clue and B) actually give a damn about having a clue. My other answer, which may be more helpful (but probably not) is 1. I find things that have been problematic for me from a tech standpoint, or 2. I look for interesting tech I'd like to learn more about, and look at industries friends/relatives are in. With #1, for example, I learned SOLR a few years ago. It's not that hard to set up, but not everyone can due to hosting restrictions. I'd played with the idea of dedicated SOLR hosting, but dilly dallied too long - there's multiple players there now. That's in some ways good - it was not a crazy idea, if they're doing it too. With #2, for example, I'd like to learn more about Twilio. I'm looking for options to test out Twilio in the context of some current customers by learning more about their business operations. It seems there's a couple places where some custom Twilio integration makes sense, and we'll look to do something early next year. Based on what's done for them, and how that works, there might be a spin-off 'web business' from that. I hope that helps a bit. "I keep my eyes peeled for potential statements made in blogs or on websites that might make me think something could be a great idea." You asked for 'new' ideas, and now you're looking for 'great' ideas. Stop. I'd suggest going after neither. This presumes you're looking to potentially make money at something. Find an idea that a few other people are already executing, and copy that idea, and make improvements. It may be a boring project/topic/idea, but if others are doing it, it's probably worth doing, or at least investigating further. If you're not looking to make money, and simply looking to play with new tech - not sure what to tell you. Just go play with new tech... ? "That $6 million offer isn't something that Google would give everyone. It would have to be a really elite employee, although rumors say that this time it has to do with the employee being a female engineer. Even if her gender was the catalyst for such a high offer, we can safely presume that if she weren't worth it, she wouldn't be getting the money." ------------ How do you determine "if she weren't worth it"? Assuming this person has been at the company for a while, she's now only worth something like this relative to the value of Facebook having her on staff. The value the person is bringing to Google was never close to $6m, otherwise she would have already been getting that (or close to it). The $6m value to Google is in keeping whatever she knows away from Facebook. Also, FWIW, these huge payouts to a few Googlers are primarily stock payouts, not cash. Is this $6m deal just a cash payment? $6m/year salary? This person probably has some very strategic knowledge which Google simply doesn't want Facebook to have. Well, you could turn display_errors to 'on' in the php.ini file, but this is generally regarded as a security issue, as the error message will reveal sensitive info. There are some situations which cause PHP to just die and not log anything, but those are pretty rare. It's pretty common practice to have display_errors to on for development, and off for production. Are you not doing that already? Or is everyone developing on production systems? I worked at a Burger King in 1991. We counted our 'food cost' for a medium soda drink at about 8 cents (IIRC large was 10 cents) - that included the cup and an average amount of soda. I'd think that the cost may have gone up a bit over the past 20 years, but probably not too much. "The sites assemble these bits of data into brilliant databases and reuse the information to provide value-added service—but only within their sites. Once you enter your data into one of these services, you cannot easily use them on another site. Each site is a silo, walled off from the others" This has been pretty much every ecommerce site since the 90s. I didn't hear anyone clamoring that pets.com, drugstore.com or 1800flowers.com was going to threaten the future of the web. There's more to it than just that "data is siloed" issue. Most ecommerce sites don't have a network effect built-in - they deliver value to me regardless of how many other people use them. There's the threat of inertia - people won't re-enter their information in to new systems as those systems are introduced. That's certainly a concern, but I really don't see it as a threat. AOL was king for years, and people were scared of them. Then MySpace. Now Facebook. I suspect as people grow up, the focus may move to something that's not yet developed. Certainly the game is Facebook's to lose right now, but I don't think they'll hold on forever. Granted, I think Tim's point is not specifically facebook but the walled/siloed data sites in general. I also don't think those will ever go away. Site design is problematic - it doesn't look solid - it looks almost spammy, as if if I gave you any info (personal finance info!) it'd be compromised. Level-headed check, I know that's not the case, but the appearance is not very hot. I'm not a huge fan, but look at Quizzle.com. It's slightly busier in some ways, but there's a lot more polish, and the value prop is right there in the tagline "don't guess - know". Actually, that's a bit nebulous, but it feels stronger. You've got 3 thrusts: Get a Second Opinion before Purchase Get a Free Financial Health Check Anonymously and Instantly Boost your Financial Savvy by responding to Questions Focus on just one as the main push on the home page, lose the others. This is 'site redesign' stuff, and not quite what you asked for, but I think you might have the makings of something. A solid base of people sharing info here could lead to other products for upselling. Also, targetted ads - if someone's looking to buy X, not only would have people suggesting whether they should or shouldn't buy it, you'd have ads right there giving them options. Or perhaps that's crossing a line in your mind? Again, conceptually, I think there's the seed of something there. It just feels a bit hokey at the moment. I guess giving it a catchy name may help, but it's really just 'mentorship' with one person being younger, which challenges our standard notion of mentorship. One might even call it "two way mentoring" if indeed each party learns from the other. Yeah... what notahacker said. :) Clickable: http://www.mashape.com I've been wondering this for a while - I can't seem to think of anything that's possible for the 'little guys' to do. This seems to be a massive infrastructure problem. The big guys have been sitting on the sidelines too long on this one. :/ Does anyone know of any hosting companies that offer IPv6 support? I have some clients on linode, but they don't support it either ( http://www.linode.com/wiki/index.php/IPv6 - "Linode does not have native IPv6 yet.") Not sure if this is what the OP was getting at, but typing 'gitk' in my OSX terminal nets me "segmentation fault" and has for some time. Currently for jsmag and groovymag, authors use an openoffice template. It's one of the few things that is cross-platform, but still allows for an editor to come in and make visual comments/notes/etc. We may move to another process in the next year, but OO has been a decent balance of functionality, cross-platform, and ease-of-use between multiple parties. Even though it's just you right now, you may consider making sure you use something that others would be able to use - OO fits that bill. GoogleDocs - there's some appealing parts to that, but I'm not sure I want Google having that much access to my docs right now. :/ What sorts of technical topics are you planning to cover? A bit OT, but if you'd be interested in writing something for jsmag, please ping me at michael@gmail.com and/or register at http://webdevpub.com/wdp Thanks. Anything can be achieved (OK - I'll never play for the NBA, but almost anything can be achieved). You may have some legal issues regarding IP if you stay at the current gig and have any degree of intermingling of your 'work' and your 'side work'. You should probably review your current work contract, and perhaps seek legal advice on this point. You will never have enough time for your side project if you're working full time for someone else. That said, many people working full time for themselves still don't have enough time. At least some of this comes down to being disciplined and focused. You can practice being disciplined and focused while keeping your fulltime gig, at least for a while longer. "Burn rate" or "runway" - how much do you have in terms of savings to see you through? Are you independently wealthy, or do you need a steady stream of income? If so, calculate out how much you need, then determine what your comfort level is in terms of 'i could survive X months with $0 income'. My tolerance for risk isn't what it used to be - I'd want at least a solid year of expenses banked before I struck out on a venture. But you may be different - everyone is (kids, bills, etc). As romantic as 'quit the day job!' is, have a strong plan in place first (imo). You can accomplish quite a lot 'on the side' while testing the waters before quitting the full time gig. Not everyone can, but many can. I think we had a session on this at http://indieconf.com a couple weeks ago. :) Let's see if this follows Google's previous purchases like Etherpad, Dodgeball and GrandCentral. Perhaps they'll close down Groupon to new users, give it a really confusing horrible ('flexible!') interface which no one quite understands, then shut it down after a year of development on that interface and 4 months after launch. On the other hand, all of those were tech acquisitions - this is more of a marketing/advertising one, which Google groks better. It's also a company that already has cashflow going, so there may be more incentive to keep that going. Yeah, and it took years between the acquisition and before they let anyone new get an account. Etherpad's team was initially put on google wave (the reference to bad interface above) before that was shut down (also referenced above). Etherpad itself was shut down before a replacement was made available (by google - the code was released which was nice). My point is that there's typically this huge gap between acquisition and any demonstrable positive action. During that gap, there's either no change at all or the service is hobbled/impaired, during which time competitors could come in to the market. In those tech acquisitions, the barrier to entry was kinda high (hard to write a good replacement for etherpad quickly). The barrier to entry in groupon-space is nill - there's dozens of copycats already. If Google takes its time as its done with other acquisitions, they may end up owning the #2 or #3 player in this space within a year. You'd think with the muscle of Google behind them, nothing could go wrong, but if Google doesn't choose to do anything useful with them (perhaps only buying to prevent MS or Yahoo from owning them), it could still stagnate. And Visual Source Safe ("VSS") was called out by name too. addyosmani, do you need another mirror? (mgkimsal@gmail.com) Why not some form of user self-registration and admin management tool as well? I see a facebook connect in there, which helps, but a pure cake-based user reg/management system would go a long way towards a faster 'out of the box' experience. Coming with an auth component vs something that provides pre-done models, views and controllers are two different things. Having something provided out of the box with some common defaults that I don't need to configure would be much handier for rapid development. I've had some of those moments, and then things change for me a bit. Been self-employed for a number of years now, primarily doing freelance web app development, but also some training, publishing, and a few other things. There's not been one thing that has yet clicked as my lifelong passion, but that's been OK. I didn't find things clicked when I was taking fulltime w2 gigs either, so it's not been much of a change in that respect. Congrats on finding that moment for yourself - I hope it lasts for you :) jsmag is looking for exclusive content, although based on your particular profile there may not be a strong subject matter match. but if you know of any js hackers interested in writing, please pass along jsmag.com. Hrm. I got a 0 but it didn't tell me what that means. Am I neither lowly nor a rockstar? Applying to Google, Facebook and MS to get a market valuation of your skills sort of implies you'd get an offer in the first place, doesn't it? You are replaceable, but the result for the company after you're replaced may not be what they or you expect (could go either way - good or bad). I've left some places where I felt things were toxic, and others where I thought I was becoming toxic - too cynical, frustrated, etc. Don't worry about 'getting your friends out'. They have their own lives. You have yours. You can only help others from a position of strength, not weakness. It doesn't sound like you're in a position of strength. That said, once you get in that position, they may not want helping anyway, but that's way in the future. Get yourself sorted out. I'd take a long hard look to see if there's a way of staying that will work out for everyone, but likely you should be looking for someplace else. There's tens of thousands of companies out there that are not Google, MS and FB where your skills may be just as valued - probably moreso than at those big 3 you mentioned. The 'culture' is not going to be changed where you are by your own actions. At best they are tolerated. Unless there's visible efforts of people from all levels actively seeking and enabling the changes you're proposing, it ain't gonna happen, and you're likely being viewed as an eccentric at best, or a troublemaker at worst. Get out of the bath (as someone else said), and take some time for yourself to do some soul searching about what's best for you - ignore the company, ignore your friends - focus on you - no one else is going to. Neat idea, but I couldn't test it out all the way. Warning: mail() [function.mail]: Bad parameters to mail() function, mail not sent. in /home/content/m/a/c/macman012/html/meetupmail/sendhtmlemail.php on line 69 Warning: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /home/content/m/a/c/macman012/html/meetupmail/sendhtmlemail.php:69) in /home/content/m/a/c/macman012/html/meetupmail/sendhtmlemail.php on line 72 Your 'send email' sends via GET. While that's not necessarily a showstopper, GET is to have no side effects, but you're changing state on the server (assuming you log what I sent). If you're not already thinking about this, I would strongly suggest more security around the whole project. Sending mails is something that can easily be abused, intentionally or not. re: patio11 - while he met one of her negative criteria (working for someone else) - he met the other positive ones - had a product he was selling. I'd suggest that meeting the positive criteria can generally outweigh some of the negative ones. The difference would be working for someone else, coming home, spending a lot of evenings on a web-app, and saying you're an entrepreneur. In the web-app space, I wouldn't consider someone an entrepreneur who had no working web-app, or had one with no paying customers and/or revenue stream. Replied to your illinois account - didn't want to turn this in to a bug report area. :) In some ways it's not a sacrifice for those people. If someone got me an investment and paid for my wedding so I wouldn't have to, while getting to work on a project with VC connections, have I 'sacrificed' all that much? I get where you're going - there's plenty of 'entrepreneurs' (see earlier trending article) who give up stable jobs/raises/etc with no guarantee of a payoff. But the people who are getting VCs to pay off student loans aren't the ones making sacrifices (imo). One could turn this around from an investor's point of view too. If this kid can't manage her finances well enough so that they need a $20k 'quick fix' to pay off their credit cards, why should I invest my money in her idea, or even her as a person? How are they going to run a business? If I as an investor have to put up the money and put up the 'experience', perhaps I can find someone else with better financial skills. Thank you. Just wish I hadn't been downvoted for my views earlier :) I've seen a number of employer agreements indicating that they own everything that you do, whether on the clock or not. Would those companies want to have ownership/copyright assigned to everything I do automatically, even if I created child pornography, or created some IP-violating software, or broke some US-export restrictions? It seems a pretty dangerous position to take - "we own everything you do" - which assumes that everything I do is legal/safe in the first place. "You will look around and find other people at your age who are way better than you at playing guitar, skating or singing. How can you possibly be as good as them? They must have a talent for it! But in reality, all they did was starting earlier than you or have been spending more time doing it." Hogwash. I started singing and playing guitar at the same time as some friends of mine. We spent the same amount of time - if anything, I probably spent more time than they did. They got better. I didn't - well, not to the same degree as they did (I'm not bad but nowhere near what some of them can do). I was going to mention that. There's certainly something to the notion of "knowing how to practice" or more generally, "knowing how to learn". I think that's pretty obvious to most people, and further goes against the OP blanket statement that "spending more time doing it" yields the same results. I'm guessing "good" is relative for many people, but one measure might be the ability for just one person's job (typically a father's) to be able to sustain the family. Many of the people of that person's generation grew up to be two-income families just to keep a similar standard-of-living as their parents, because jobs paid less relative to cost-of-living and offered fewer benefits. I'm not sure there's anything on my holiday list, as in, anything I would like to receive from others. I've never been very good at receiving gifts, and there's little anyone could provide for me in terms of material 'things' that I actually want to own. Don't get me wrong - there's material things I want - but no one in my gift-giving circle is able to afford those things :) I do typically get a few gift cards for restaurants from family members - these are nice because it lets me and my wife have a nice meal out. That's a key right there - the gift is providing me a nice experience, not a 'thing' to house and maintain. What I've started to do - as a bit offputting as it seemed at first - is sending pics of my gift-card meals to the giver. It's a way to let them know we did actually use the gift, and that we had a good time. It gets around the giver feeling like they just handed over cash with no personal meaning. For other sorts of gift-cards, I will send an email or phone call thanking them and letting them know what I selected. As 'impersonal' as this may be, it's the best balance I've come up with. Side note: The emails and pics feel strangely a bit like old-fashioned 'thank you' notes that my folks tried to get me to write as a kid after birthdays. I hated that experience, and when I didn't do it I felt like I was a bad kid. Between getting older and getting computerized, I'm much more willing to follow up with email. I don't mind the process of thank you notes, but I hate writing by hand, even as a kid. In my time, we had no real options (well, typewriter I guess) so I was forced in to writing by hand, which I was (and still am) horrible at. I can't write more than a few lines before my hand aches and the writing is illegible (even to me). tl;dr: I wish I'd had email as a kid and been mature enough to use it to keep in touch with well-meaning family members. Take the new position. A few thoughts: 1. yes, it's a 'step back' - but so what? You don't have to stay there forever. 2. You're obviously not appreciated to the level you want to be where you're at. You can't ever change that. 3. If you leave and they're really that bad technically, they'll suffer and you can gloat a bit. They may surprise you, either by getting along without you or finding a replacement who they don't have to string along with broken promises and lies. 4. You will probably be happier simply because you're not dealing with the broken promises. I've been in that situation, and it distracts you from more important things, but is often hard to shake off. 5. Only you can look out for yourself - no one else, however well-intentioned they may be - will ever really look out for you (certainly not in the long haul). It sounds like something closer to home with perhaps even a bit less responsibility will allow you to get settled mentally, rethink your career, and give you some more options without being distracted by the atmosphere at your current situation. Maybe I'm reading too much in to it, but that's how I'm reading it. Good luck. "millions of users" - is that serious, or sarcastic? I couldn't tell. If you have millions of users, I'd suspect you can find a way to monetize them a bit more than what you already are to get that $150k debt down faster - perhaps even a direct appeal ala Wikipedia. While credit checking for hiring does happen, it doesn't happen everywhere, and you can likely explain your situation reasonably such that it doesn't become an automatic strike against you. There may be some jobs that are not available to you now - you might not get a defense contracting gig - there are others. Is the $150k split between the 3 of you ($50k each roughly), or is your share of the debt $150k (as in it was $450k)? The rest of the team probably won't want to voluntarily take on more debt, but they might be willing to help you pay down some of yours voluntarily, assuming that they don't have their own $150k chunks to attack. What are your skills? It's not uncommon for a sr-level programmer with in-demand skills to be able to pull in $100k+ doing freelance or contract work, and even with other expenses, you can probably have this $150k taken care of in 3-4 years. Also, have you talked to your creditors to see if any will forgive some of the debt? They may 1099 you for the difference in some cases, but paying tax on, say, $10k of forgiven debt is different than having to pay $10k. I feel for you - I've been in that situation, just without so many zeros. :/ I'm doing Grails and have been doing so for 3 years. I'm usually a team of 1, and didn't have much Java before this - primarily PHP, Perl and ASP/VBScript. Learned via brute force. Grails may be an easier transition in on the web side if you know some Rails already. Grails is using Spring, so you can delve in to that if you want to. You can use as much or as little pure Java as you want to, but as a transitionary process, easing from Rails in to Groovy/Grail to get in to Java would be a path to investigate (as would JRuby). While taking it all on might suck, it's totally under your control at that point. Having your credit info impacted by the decisions and actions of others can be painful.re: sarcastic - just wasn't sure how to read what you'd written. re: monetizing - wikipedia isn't easy to monetize either - which is why they do the appeals. Without knowing your situation, I can't presume to tell you what to do, but you may find a sizeable chunk of people willing to help donate to offset your debts, perhaps in exchange for a guarantee of continued service. re: 150k - I hope you're able to get that reduced (via forgiveness, consolidation, whatever) quickly - perhaps to $100k soon. There are a number of stories of people getting through debt quickly on various personal finance blogs. Perhaps some of those may serve as motivation from outside the tech-o-sphere. Best wishes to you on that difficult journey. I've had credit lines expanded on me with just a letter in the post saying "we've upped your credit line". I didn't ask for it. Granted, I still keep up on stuff regularly, and noticed quickly, but it wasn't something I applied for. In some situations, I can imagine a busy person not noticing for several months. I almost donated, but dug around and can't find verification of his situation. Anyone got anything more concrete? Something on the person's main page directly acknowledging the scenario would be more useful - I wasn't the only one who wasn't sure about this. I thought wikipedia might have some update on the situation but there's nothing there. FWIW, just updating the site(s) would have been enough - if it's really that hard to type, that was a lot of typing to do! :/ "We take afternoons off to play at the beach, play ultimate Frisbee in the park, go to the movies as a company, have Starcraft 2 nights, etc…" Spoken like a true "jr engineer" the poster claims to be :) At some point in your life, that stuff just isn't very enticing. Can people just go home and chill with their family while the rest of you go play frisbee, or will they be ostracized as 'not a team player' if they 'opt out' of afternoon movies/starcraft? A danger in that sort of activity is anyone who doesn't join in may (or will) eventually be left out of key business information. Glad you found somewhere you enjoy working - keep it up! Seeing "the social network" is not universally appealing - sorry. Restaurant, yeah, I get that. And now and then group activities - sure. But weekly frisbee outings at the beach, etc - too much. I'm a bit wary of people who love the idea of working for someone else, period. If you love a job , I question what great things you can do. Of course, many people from all walks of life do accomplish great things in all capacities, so perhaps judging someone based on your own view of what they should and shouldn't love is a tad short-sighted. BTW, if JC isn't participating in all those group outings, what message is that sending to everyone else? They're socially pressured in to company rah-rah BS while he's above it? EDIT - just saw a JC reply re: activities. Cool enough - no t everyone can make everything. Got it. Some places take that attitude to the extreme, and for people who just want/need to put in a standard 9-5 and get their work done, feeling forced to participate in extraneous stuff in the name of 'bonding with the team' is awkward. edit: can't reply to jpwagner again(?): re: "forced" not appearing in the original text. Have you never felt social pressure to do something, even (especially) when someone indicated something was 'totally optional'? Thanks for replying. I agree that in general, you need to enjoy the people you work with, and occasional 'outside activities' are fine. I've typically done those with colleagues I've worked with at previous companies. If the company was footing the bill, so much the better. There's a fine line that can get crossed when it starts to feel mandatory, or you're made to feel 'not part of the team' if you choose to opt out (had it happen to me, and seen it happen to others). Agreed, even that. I was trying to be charitable. Similar situation - had a group that loved seafood. I hate seafood. I'd go now and then, but angled for non-seafood places to balance things out (and it worked). Had they insisted on seafood all the time, I'd have bowed out of those gatherings (as politely as possible). That's a great idea. Gifts such as those will give you experiences and the basis for more experiences over a lifetime. Physical gifts can sometimes do that, but not as often. Congrats. Glad this is working out for you and that the income is better than previous pay. I first saw $2k and was a bit disappointed, but didn't realize you were in Poland, and that this was double your earlier money. Keep up the good work! Plug: This is the sort of thing we'd like to see more of at the next indieconf! :) There's no mention of IPv6 support. Given the situation that IPv4 addresses will be running out shortly, it'd be nice to see some acknowledgment of forward-thinking IPv6 plans. edit: sorry to be so out of step - I guess I should have tied wikileaks to ipv6 to fit in with the rest of the comments. And their ads could be really loud to get the extra attention of people they're trying to reach."THIS COULD BE THE LAST LOUD COMMERCIAL YOU HEAR!"I suspect this feature may have been in some TVs, but unless it's in all TVs from a company, other features may win out. Sure I wanted "smart sound" but I wanted PIP more . I also suspect that VOD, Tivo, torrents and others mean that fewer people are actually watching commercials anyway. This move is about 15 years too late. Great - would have done good to put that somewhere on the main page (imo). Thanks. or two domains point to the same site, and have a $20 in the logo slashed out, replaced with $15.You're the creative one - make it work :) Closed already - dang it - was going to send in a request :( Do you have people using it yet? Do you have paying customers? If not, why not? Asking people here might get you useful info, but getting the target audience to use it would yield better results. To some extent there's probably overlap between HN readers and your audience, but I bet there's a lot of non-overlap (underlap?) Have you tried getting feedback from people via something like http://fivesecondtest.com/ ? Conceptually as an idea it's got some merit (this was one of the project areas I was looking at for February). But I'm not your target audience :) It's certainly cost this person a lot more than $418, because most of this seemed to be earned with credit card reward points. Spend $4k in 6 months and get 75,000 points, etc. So.. great. Spend a lot of money (possibly buying more than you intended to) and get a reward. I guess being on the other side of the table - a merchant - I resent the whole 'rewards' racket. A) I end up getting charged more as a merchant, and I can't not accept your card. B) It's encouraged a culture of chasing after rewards that often aren't really something you need or end up being hard to use for most people (airline miles). Yes, there are a few people who can really 'make out' (like this guy) but in the end this is mostly just another way for banks to make extra profits off people's greed ('something for nothing'). "If I were to pay for this adventure with cash and book individual flights, it would cost almost $6,000" I'm guessing there was a lot more than $6k spent on 'stuff' to get this. Rent is typically a big one - outside of that, maybe I just don't spend that much compared to everyone else? Outside of mortgage, if we spend $1000 in a month on combined food/utilities/misc, it's a busy month. That would be 12000 points based on most cards offering "$1=1 point". That just doesn't seem to get me around the world trips. I'd rather just save up and buy what I want. Maybe I'm missing something blindingly obvious though? I can't help but think banks and card providers aren't going in to debt to provide these rewards. The price is baked in to costs to cover the extra fees banks charge when rewards card holders use their card. A) You generally don't know if something's a rewards card when they're using it (especially over the internet). B) Do you want to be told - "sorry, I can't accept your BoA airline rewards miles VISA card, please use a different VISA card"? I'm pretty sure Visa/MC TOS prevent that. 75000 airmiles would be redeemed for 2 or 3 flights in most cases. depending on what flights and when you bought the tickets, this might be a decent savings (assuming you can even redeem them for the dates you need or not). to get that, you're probably spending $40k per year assuming $1=1pt with some bonuses. 3% merchant fees on that $40k is $1200. The cost of a couple flights is probably a few hundred to $1000 or so. Even at regular merchant rates they may still turn a profit, cause most people won't redeem points. But they'll charge a merchant higher fees for the rewards card anyway. You're already spending $40k - understood. Most people aren't, and are enticed in to spending more than they should to get 'free' stuff. Insane. I bet they just didn't want to pay the fees. Did they accept other cards? Refusing AMEX is a big one from many vendors - AMEX fees typically start at 4-5%, and MC/Visa is typically 2-2.5%. On large repair bills of, say, $1500, and extra 2% is another $30+, just for accepting a different piece of plastic. Is it 'blantantly' ignoring it... EDIT - Damn Chrome - it just auto-saves half a comment then breaks. Is it blantantly ignoring the content when the content was partially about how he piled up rewards cards points to get 'free' airline miles? He was clear he bought a ticket for $418 (or whatever). But it really wasn't $418. It was $418 all the money spent on getting rewards points. I thought I was pretty clear about that. Nope. They make the money for the rewards by charging merchants higher fees if you use a rewards card vs a non-rewards card. My standard merchant fee rate might be 2.4%, but if you use a 'airline miles reward card' with me, I may end up having to pay 2.9% or 3.4% (or more). I can't not take your card - against Visa/MC terms of service - so I'm stuck paying for your 'rewards'. "A visa is a visa is a visa." Nope. A "rewards card" CC jacks up the rates I'm charged. It's the difference between paying 4.5% to process a transaction vs 2.2%. I don't particularly like being forced in to paying extra so someone can go on a 'free' airplane trip. It's not free. It costs me money. And it ends up costing everyone even more, because merchants have to add that 'cost of business' in to the price of everything. On top of that, implying that "not a lot" of tickets must mean that every works hunky dory because you've got a couple of large-scale sites using it is rather naive. Interesting approach to getting in to Grails. I came at Grails after about 12 years with PHP (and some Perl and other stuff too). There are a number of things I like about Grails (GORM, domain-first approach, etc). But there are still some things which bely the Java-ness of it, and I'm convinced most of the Java community doesn't "get" the web. Hard to put in to words, but an example might be: http://jira.codehaus.org/browse/GRAILS-3364 The default in the Java world up to that point (and possibly still is) is to put a session ID in the URL. That's been frowned on and not default behaviour in the PHP world for... well since almost always. It's just asking for trouble (intentional or accidental). But the default for Grails was to have this on, because that's just how Java people think. And the answers? Configure yet some other aspect of your system ("just change jetty's config"-type answers). Why not give more control to the framework instead of forcing people to have to learn/manage yet more systems and components. That particular issue is 'fixed' now, but there's so many moving parts that I wouldn't be surprised if it is broken again in some configurations (hasn't been for me though). As much as I love Grails, Java as a base platform was not written with the web in mind, and makes basic stuff harder than it should be. Does that head honcho sit out there with all of you, or does he/she have a private office? Just curious. The alternative would be to not include "RE:" in the subject, which makes it looks like a reply to an earlier thread. The subject is subject enough already. Don't manipulate it with a "RE:" to imply something more. That said, I've been working with Twilio on and off for 2 years and have never received an email like this from them. "but the publisher insisted that we had signed a contract, and that with-or-without assets we were expected to deliver the alpha version on time....which at this point was a week later." Crazy, yet all too common. We didn't hold up our end of an agreement, but YOU have to. Does this happen in all industries, or just software? "We didn't provide the plants or mulch or dirt for the garden (which we were supposed to do last week), but you still have to provide a flower bed tomorrow." I'm assuming there was something in the contract that the original party was required to provide assets for the port. Perhaps it wasn't. "No... no need to contractually obligate us to deliver - just believe us, we'll get you the files!" Thanks for addressing that. If it was really that easy a decade ago why was there no marketing done to reach people like me? Show me pricing lists and contracts from 10 years ago indicating it was cheap as Twilio was 2 years ago. I can't see anything at http://web.archive.org/web/*/http://voxeo.com :( I suspect the infrastructure was there for the 'big boys' and that indie devs and 2-3 man shops who wanted this sort of functionality were ignored in favor of 'enterprise' development shops and projects. OK - rereading your post here - yes, you got 'distracted' by big deals. But it's the focus on getting the basic fundamentals as easy for people to use as possible which has created the Twilio loyalty and fandom they have relative to voxeo/tropo. Twilio has (imo) about a year to add some more features that people are asking for before people jump ship. They should not waste that goodwill and rest on their laurels. But it's going to be easier for them to grow their success with smaller shops and indies in to something larger as those smaller shops and projects grow to larger needs than it is for 'enterprise'-focused groups to prove to the smaller players that they 'get' the independent developer market. You can suggest that this is 'just' marketing/evangelism. I suspect it's a bit more - a focused simplicity on getting a few core things down first rather than trying to offer multiple services on day one. That doesn't appeal to everyone, but I think it's helped more than hurt in Twilio's case. Simply by having more options up front you're forcing people to have to learn a lot more about stuff on your terms when making an evaluation. For example, Tropo's APIs - 'webapi' vs 'scripting'. Huh? What are the differences? I don't find an adequate explanation of the strengths/weaknesses of each model. Both services have their place, but developing a rabid fanbase will serve Twilio better longer term as opposed to pure technical superiority. Could it have anything to do with most of them likely only wanting to hire people geographically in (or near) NYC? And hand-in-hand with that, the startups don't really want to pay something adequate for someone with the necessary experience to live modestly within commuting distance? I know more people who have offshored engineering/dev work to India and the like than send work to developers in Nebraska, Kansas, Alabama, etc. Then they complain about the less than stellar work, with timezone diffs, English proficiency, cultural differences and so on. There's a pretty large pool of people who are willing to work remote and - gasp - even travel to your main office sometimes, but who simply aren't going to uproot and live in NYC to make $100k. For someone raising a family, they could make $75k in Omaha or Tupelo and have a much better quality of life. http://www.indeed.com/jobs?q=c%23&l=nyc http://www.indeed.com/jobs?q=java&l=nyc 9400 Java jobs in NYC, but only 900 are estimated at $150k or higher. Cost of living between Omaha (at 75k) and NYC: http://www.bestplaces.net/col/?salary=75000&city1=531370... Cost of living between Nashville (at 80k) and NYC: http://www.bestplaces.net/col/?salary=80000&city1=547520... You need roughly $150k in NYC to have an approximate lifestyle. Yet only 10% of the jobs pay that. The concept of 'hiring' itself may be due for a makeover, and a 'JIT' approach to company development may be in the cards for companies struggling to hire the right people (which they'll likely lay off the moment things go south again). That's another really good point. There's not much in the way of apprenticeship in software. Companies will often pay for relo expenses for someone, providing they stay for X years (else they repay the relo money back). Companies could do something similar with education, whether it's local college classes, inhouse training, etc. If you leave within the first year, you pay the company back those expenses. Or... have retention bonuses for people for staying past 1 year, and invest in education for people at lower wages. Many companies would find some real gems out there, waiting to be discovered, and would engender far more loyalty than most currently get. Adding on: We've also had a housing crisis which is keeping many people chained to their current regions due to underwater mortgages and no housing sales. 5 years ago people could move their families across country for a good job. Even if they want to now, they can't. This is just not acknowledged by most companies. I was approached a couple years ago by a company that was starting up - 'ex google founders' and all that. The product/service was pitched to me as a collaboration/communication tool to help remote teams work more effectively. Sounded great, but I was not allowed to work remote. I had to upsticks and move to SF. To work on a remote collaboration tool. WTF? No doubt, but by only paying wages that appeal to 20somethings who want to live with a roommate in a cramped apartment, you're missing out on a much larger talent pool. Supposedly the same talent pool with the experience and skills you claim you need. But if you whine loud enough, you can open more visas for cheap labor to come in next year. I'm totally not against people coming in to the country - legally. One of my first tech jobs was at a company that sponsored a number of Polish and Czech engineers. They were all effectively captive - they were paid a barely livable wage (relative to US-born people doing the same job) but couldn't easily go out and take another job due to immigration status. But that meant the company 'saved' so much, and could use it to help keep other wages in line - 'you're already paid $x more than person Y!' sort of thing. re: "Money" - a $100k job in NYC with living in NJ just isn't going to get you anywhere close the same living space (especially for a family) as that same money would in most of the rest of the US. Similarly, $150k+ would go a long way to help make up that difference. Ultimately, it's just not a lifestyle tradeoff most engineering talent seems to want to make at those price points. Upping base to $150k (with something closer to $200k for sr-level talent) for startup engineers (vs ~$100k) would attract more talent the companies are claiming they need. If that's too expensive, perhaps 'startups' should locate themselves closer to where the resources they need are actually located? Those issues of 'miscommunication' and 'changing priorities' are happening regardless of where the workers are, and I bet many people working at the main office were similarly frustrated. I've worked on site and remotely, and understand the challenges in each. Neither is perfect, and having a remote team (and being a remote developer) requires certain skills. I'm dismayed, but perhaps not surprised, that these skills aren't actively developed and nurtured at more companies. The long term rewards will be great. "If you can't hire people at a given wage, raise the wage. Or whine online about the lack of employees." Or move your operations closer to the less expensive areas of the country (there's 48 other states besides CA and NY!). Some industries are lauded for moving entires factories overseas and making a killing on wage arbitrage. But somehow 'the money' likes to keep 'blessed' startup activity within 10 minutes drive from all VC offices, and this is seen as 'the way things have to be'. I never followed up and they never gave me the full name until I'd sign an NDA (which I didn't). It did strike me as odd that if they're trying to solve that problem, having some people, you know, actually work remotely, would in fact indicate if the product was solving problems - dogfooding and all that. I've felt those "week vs 15 minute" issues. Some of that is developer-specific, no doubt, but that's fundamentally a communication issue that needs to be managed. I've also worked gigs where people were in the same room and didn't talk to each other, or wouldn't answer emails due to office politics, and in general stuff that should have taken 15 minutes still took a week, even though everyone was in the same building. Except there's obviously not enough talent density in areas where companies claim they can't hire anyone. Or there is and no one wants to work at those companies because the pay is too low, or conditions are abysmal. Thanks for the reply :) Whether you charged developers or not, at some point you charged someone for something . While free dev accounts are great, I'm still not going to learn a tool and recommend it to clients without knowing if it's something that they can actually afford. Twilio has made it known from day 1 what the pricing is - whether people liked it or not is a different matter! :) Fortunately it's easier to simplify features than to add new ones. Possibly in tropo's case it may be. That's not always the case - I would say not even usually the case with software. Witness MSOffice - much easier to add new features than to simplify the interface. The 'ribbon' effort pissed off as many people as it helped. :) Don't give us a tropo 'ribbon' equivalent please! The author links to a page that's not accessible. The google cache shows this page: http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:3cGnLJF... copy/paste from the link above ================= @Stateless public class SimpleSample { public void doSomething() { /*business logic*/ } } How to compile: You will need the the EJB 3.0 / 3.1 API in the classpath, or at least the @Stateless annotation. How to deploy: Just JAR the class and put the JAR into e.g: [glassfishv3-prelude-b23]\glassfish\domains\domain1\autodeploy How to use: e.g.: import javax.ejb.EJB; public class MyServlet extends HttpServlet{ @EJB private SimpleSample sample; } And: there is no XML, strange configuration, libraries, additional frameworks or jars needed... ================= Looks a slight bit more than 1 line to me. Note: the page was linked to from another page indicating you can do 'hello world' in JEE6 in 'one line' of code. Java people have a funny way of counting lines sometimes. There's a hell of a lot of stuff out there written in C as well, that integrate quite nicely with PHP, Python, Ruby and other 'trendy' languages. Having GD embedded in PHP makes many image processing tasks far easier and less painful than trying to do stuff using Java image libraries (for example). "It's virtually the default choice for enterprise systems" then "I just don't understand why java is not better embraced or more widely adopted amongst the startup community" "Startups" and "enterprise systems" are, in many (most? all?) cases, worlds apart in terms of needs. I say this as someone who's done PHP for 14 years and Groovy/Grails for 3. You may be rare, or haven't done much yet. I've been in software dev in some capacity for about 17 years, and have been stiffed myself a couple of times, and I've had companies I've worked for been stiffed too. In some cases it was for a lot of money, in some cases very little. If it hasn't happened yet, it probably will at some point. It's not guaranteed, but I don't think I know anyone that's been at this for more than 5 years that hasn't had client payment issues at some stage. No. Hourly can still be problematic - you're just generally out less than you might be on a milestone-based project. Would be interesting (though probably not possible) to know the other 2 million. I'm presuming some (most?) of those didn't pass the 3 second rule, but others perhaps just didn't identify tech? Most of the Java web apps I proxy don't have a X-powered-by, so they wouldn't have been counted. There may be an element of 'defaults' for PHP and ASP that are causing them to be slightly overrepresented(?). 93% of sites running either ASP or PHP seems a bit on the high side - I'd have guessed more like 70% between the two. A somewhat interesting take on the situation, but is (obviously) looking only from one angle. Yes, in Ellen's situation, she's 'investing' lost earnings in to that company. But that 'investment' doesn't mean the same thing to the company, and probably shouldn't be rewarded with the same equity value given to someone putting in hard cash. Still, it's good for people to think through these issues with real numbers before making commitments. I am approached every so often to come in to situations like the one described, but have yet to find one where I believed in the idea/company/team enough to jump in. It might feel that way to you (or me) but you can do quite a lot with cash - such as bring in different devs with different skills. I could say I'm worth $120k and my contribution should be worth that, but I only have so many skills. Taking $120k and bringing in 2-3 people with various skills for different stages of a project has a different strategic value - in most cases it's a greater value than the contributions of one person. Obviously not always, but probably in most cases. The only time I've been left owing bills was when it my was gig. I'm not sure I'd be willing to come in to a situation with someone else where I'm signing my name to something where I'm in a position to be personally responsible. Why is the other person (the original founder) not being required to pay on the debt? Maybe you're meaning something else by 'paying their bills' - do you have some example(s) you can share? OK - that puts a totally different perspective on your post. Spreadsheet? While there's possibly a market there, I wouldn't be too geeked about trying to build a service to profit off of the debt of others. But there are some services out there targetting credit card debtors - a student loan is just another account with a balance, no? (yes, different legal rights may apply, but from a math and organization standpoint, it's the same). groovy++ might be worth a look if performance is a consideration. http://code.google.com/p/groovypptest/ might be more recent at https://github.com/alextkachman/groovypp - not sure. Each version of core groovy gets a bit faster at certain things, but the dynamicness of it will probably mean it'll always be somewhat slower than pure java. You need to weigh the benefits - for me, those benefits are faster app dev time (via Grails) vs the language speed. Most of the stuff I'm doing is db reads and writes, so the db itself is often a speed bottleneck, regardless of what language I'm using. "I don't want to make anything" Not sure what you meant by that. Make a service? Make money? You seemed to be suggesting this was a market that needs a service to help people get less disorganized. There are loads of free debt calculators that will show you that by adding $X/month to a payment you'll be out of debt Y months earlier. There's no real magic or rocket science to this. Having a service that visualized all of it might be a bit motivational for some people, but doing anything that speaks to student loans is going to require work. Which is going to requirement payment, meaning the service would need to charge money or show ads. Neither of those sit well with me with respect to the audience - they're already self-identifying as being in debt - sometimes massively. It just doesn't feel like a good market to try to make money from. It sounds like you're looking for something that can automatically send payments on your behalf, check that they were received, and suggest when to send extra payments. Or was there something else? "why isn't anyone taking advantage of the millions of student debtors?" I'd say many lenders already are. slight prediction here: apple may introduce a 3g plan for a next generation of iPod Touch, strongarm AT&T or Verizon in to offering a decent unlimited data plan, and start pushing facetime (and possibly skype) over traditional 'phone' functionality altogether. Yeah, why would a carrier cannibalize their own voice network? Perhaps they won't, but they might for the right amount of cash (isn't it always about cash?) For some tasks, yes. Benchmarks: http://www.google.com/buzz/alex.tkachman/2qog71JrDvU/Latest-... Graph: http://www.google.com/buzz/106045618354056753098/YPrgoMfGL8z... Well, this is Groovy++ vs regular Java, not against Groovy. http://www.indicthreads.com/7355/what-is-groovy-how-does-it-... has a bit more comparison which might be useful. re: "Since Android is open, you can have android on a cheap $10 toaster or a high-end $50,000 car." This feels like Java (and Linux to some extent too) all over again (given Android's underpinnings, not surprising). Linux is free, and I gave up count how many years were supposed to be the 'year of the desktop' for Linux. As widespread as it may be - embedded in loads of devices - the 'pay for' OS - Windows and OSX - have continued to dominate. May Android end up being the Linux of mobile devices? It's nearly everywhere, but typically only the first choice of a narrow geeky few, whereas anyone else that uses it does so not out of choice for that aspect of the product, but for some other reason. (How many Tivo users do you know who really love Linux and bought their Tivo because it's on Linux?) I'm wondering if Android will end up being this generation's J2ME, with similar fragmentation and hardware vendor control. well, it's not on the search ('home') page, but as soon as you type anything it takes you to the map and that's when the browser asks for location. I think another reason CL does so well - in all services - is that it allows me to browse wherever I want - not tied to my current location. No you're not. I enjoy restaurants, regardless of whether they're chain or indie. If it's good it's good, if not, not. Bonus of chains is that if it's good one place, it's probably good in most places. OT: General flight rant: 2 things (note - this is all from a 'economy' flyer standpoint) 1) The quality of my flights is almost always determined by the passengers around me - crying babies, rude/loud people, people too large for the seat next to me, etc. These factors play far more in to me having a good or bad flight vs AA/BA/Virgin/Continental/United/etc. 2) Boarding is insanely stupid. I'm not sure I could come up with a worse way except to say 'everyone get on whenever' (even that might end up being better in some cases). What needs to happen is to board by seat position relative to the windows - window seats should board first, then middle seats, then aisle seats. The time spent waiting for people who are in an aisle seat to get up, let window people get past, then repeat the process for middle-seat passengers is crazy. It's painful to watch this process play out in slow motion when it's so simple to fix. At least try it - I've been flying on and off for 25 years and have never seen this approach tried, nor heard of it being tried. Granted, the 9 levels of 'special' customers (silver, advantage, bronze, elite, elite plus, gold, bronze+, etc) might be miffed if they didn't get on 3 minutes before everyone else, but the average time for boarding passengers would be reduced. Rant over... How does it compare to krugle? Kinda scary that I see myself in that list - mostly example 1, reason 1 and 2. OTOH, it's a bit heartening to read "sometimes these people actually make better CEOs than employees" - just hard to get most people to take you seriously when you start off at the bottom (not impossible, just typically harder to do than simply getting hired in at the top). That note about "average insurance premiums costing $14k" (assuming for a family of 4) is likely using an extremely low deductible ($500 maybe? $1000?) A family earning $250k should be on a $5k or $10k high deductible plan with an HSA, giving them another savings vehicle along and for someone earning $250k, being able to come up with $10k in an emergency should not be a problem. Ahh.. the linked article indicates the average is predominately $1000 deductibles. Raise that deductible! In the last couple jobs I worked that offered health insurance, it was maddening that we didn't have a choice for high-deductible plans. Everyone was on the 'same great plan' (with a few options) but I could have helped contribute to the company's savings even more with a higher deductible. I'm reminded of the "millionaire next door" and "stop acting rich" (thomas stanley and the other guy!). $600/month lease payments on one car is not unheard of but truly rich people don't do that sort of thing. It seems the this article is using "aspirationals" as their ideal family, then bemoaning the fact they don't have enough spare cash. A $10k used car could cart them around just fine for a couple years - the equivalent of $400/month - 3 years would be $277/month. If the 'high status' jobs require a 'high status' car, let the employer pay for it. i thought it would be about Scala as well. Don't be lazy about it (recruiters can smell laziness from miles away) Funny, but I can smell lazy recruiters a mile away too. "I came across your resume today... blah blah blah ... send me your resume and we can get started." WTF? I've had contact with about 30 recruiters in 2010 - the vast majority were 1-off emails or 2 minute phone calls. 3 were non-lazy, in my view, and I got a short term contract from one of them. She was polite, courteous, seemed like she was actually doing some positive work for both parties - a pretty rare find. Yes, this was a bit off-topic, but, really... they're not doing this for fun - they're getting paid. If they think you're truly lazy they probably won't deal with you. But you shouldn't have to jump through hoops and do their job for them either. I'm going to guess that that's what the person/team had experience with already. I've not known many people who were already technical developers who started a venture and swapped over to entirely 'new to them' tech just because it's what some other people were using. Go with what you know and have mastery of already - you've got enough going against you starting a new venture already - don't add to it by trying to learn something like django or rails just because someone on HN or TC used it too. That said, using 'unconventional' tech may make it harder to find more devs in the future if they're needed. Or... it may mean that you're simply pulling from a different pool. If you're one of 15 rails-based ventures someone is looking to join, you won't stand out as much as the one Perl-based operation. network in your local .net user groups first and foremost. silverlight, whatever you think of it, is still a niche tech. Orgs looking for silverlight dev work are likely going to be moderate to larger companies looking for internal silverlight apps. http://www.indeed.com/jobs?q=silverlight+freelance&l= 18 entries at indeed.com for 'silverlight freelance'. Every resume I've published in the past 5 years says "a current resume is available at ...." with a link to my site which hasn't changed. Furthermore, I have an extremely uncommon name - there's 2 of me in the world, and I'm the only one who comes up when you google me. If people can't be that bothered to follow directions or make an attempt to see if they even have current info on me, that's lazy. OTOH, I have a notice to recruiters at the top of my resume page with specific instructions. I've had recruiters call me and make note that they'd read the information and had some questions about my availability. That happened twice in 2010 - I gave them extra attention and went out of my way to try to help them find a good fit for the position. Simple courtesy goes a long way. As you make changes to the main site, just keep in mind how that same URL will render on mobile devices, and make changes accordingly. There are many 'full' sites I use on an iPhone because it's still easy to consume info, even though it's not a dedicated 'mobile' version. cool idea - similar to something i'd planned last year, but your execution beats mine (meaning, you actually executed!) :) not much further than some sketches and honing the process flow with a couple friends. my target audience was going to be different - that's the main diff I can see so far. well done :) not sure. part of the benefit of the use of client libraries is that I can make sure private data stays private - 'crawlable' content is going to make me have to format it in such a way as to make sense to the crawler, and deal with making sure it's not accessible. do you have a way around that? or am I missing something? It uses the same crappy GTK file mgt widget design philosophy as GNOME. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GTK%2B GTK is the GIMP toolkit, and GTK is run by the GNOME foundation. There's quite a bit of relationship between GTK/GIMP/GNOME, even if it may be mostly historical these days. I've always considered GIMP to be a GNOME app, and most people I know have. With consumer electronics, I think that's a wise move. There's very little difference in most devices that are in the same price range these days. I don't recall that being the case 20-30 years ago. I went shopping with my grandfather a couple years ago for a new monitor for his computer. We got a flat panel 20" for about $160 (IIRC). It was a name he hadn't heard of. He was only looking at the Sony and Dells initially, cause he hadn't heard of the other company before. We spent a few minutes looking at the 'off brand' one, and we went with it, saving about $40. Absolutely no real diff in the quality, weight, performance of this one vs the 'name brands' in this case - certainly not for his needs. It looks like Groovy satisfies many of these checklist items too. Any reason beyond personal preference to go with Scala vs Groovy or JRuby? groovy++ seems to beat scala, at least in some tests: http://groovy.dzone.com/articles/why-scala-actors-15-20-time... ourbigpiggy.com is open, and would signify the group/family aspect with the 'our' in it. If you ever get the money to advertise, get this on the Dave Ramsey show. I believe he costs a pretty penny to hawk things, but this is right up his street (especially if you have a mode for 'no allowance' and go 'straight commission'). Clark Howard would love this too. The US is too large to just say $30 is low across the board - $30/hour plus good benefits is quite livable in some areas. In other parts, it's pretty hard to raise a family on $30/hour. I'm using critsend.com - it's just "pay as you go", not a monthly fee. $1/1000, with discounts as you go up in credit purchases. I've had no problems with them in the last year or so. No - I take that back - the bounce stats data was 'lost' from my display for a couple days, but the retrieved it and added it back in. Happened once, IIRC - generally nice people, and there's an IRC channel for help if you want that (in addition to standard other help channels). If the age entered is long time. Why not? A) The entrenched power players "have theirs" B) It will cost a lot of money for the big players to upgrade. C) Instead of spending money, the big players can make money by charging for something that is a scarce resource. This will be looked at as pure 'market forces' by many and there will be no major push for a long time. It also requires a heck of a lot of coordination, or so it seems, between major players. Why do so few (none?) retail stores carry ipv6-capable routers? Maybe because so few ISPs support ipv6? Why don't the ISPs support it? Cause no consumers have the hardware for it? Extreme chicken and egg, and the only real downside for the next few years is some orgs are in control of resources that are becoming potentially more valuable by the day. What real incentive do they have to upgrade to ipv6 ASAP? Even if the court decides in your favor, all you have is a judgement. You still have to collect . If they didn't pay before, why would they pay now? With a judgement, you have a better chance of getting your money, but not any better chance of getting it quickly. It may still take years (this from someone who's been waiting 2.5 years after filing a lawsuit to have my case heard - courts are really backed up). it's also only in html comments, not something most people would see. "There isn't much of a financial incentive to expend the resources for that small of a market." While probably justified, it also leaves most of the country out of the growing trend towards global ecommerce, possibly encouraging more people to take up fraud as one of the few ways to make any money at all. "If the company in question has a 50M run rate, we are talking about a really mature product. I don't think you can call it the initial prototype any more." But some of those same companies would love to be called a "startup" years in to their operations. The situation is never 'tidy up' though, when it comes to software. When was the last time your assignment was to 'move 4 buttons on the screen, and make them shinier'? Assignments to existing systems involve activities like adding new db fields, new validation logic, integration with external systems, rerouting/duplication of existing data in to new modules, and so on. Comparing these to activity on a house, all would involve construction/building of some sort. If the foundation is weak - to the point where hammering a nail in a wall causes the floor in another room to cave in a bit, most sane contractors would not get involved, or require severe structural work to get things (back?) to a minimum safety code. Admit it - you've worked on projects where introducing a variable in module X causes havoc in some screen which seems unrelated to module X. You can harp about test cases catching all this stuff, but the types of systems we're talking about - the ones we're talking about replacing wholesale - don't have that infrastructure in the first place . They weren't built according to best/good practices, which is why the people in the article were considering rebuilding from scratch. Only in software do we think we can order people to continue to work on systems that are visibly falling apart without having to put in the required infrastructure work to make sure things don't keep breaking. My understanding is that not every Android device can participate in the app store anyway. Am I misinformed? How unbelievably rude of him. Even if you're not what he's looking for, he could have at least asked you for referrals. You'll probably never refer anyone to their product/service again after having been treated that shabbily (I know I wouldn't). Feels like you should name names, but even if you don't here, you'll probably do so when retelling this in person to other people. http://www.jetbrains.com/ruby/ Eclipse also has support for Ruby, no? Sort of sad to see this happen, but I'd prefer they keep netbeans going and streamline it to be really good at a few things, rather than being 'ok' at lots of stuff. Ruby doesn't really fit with Oracle's offerings, although PHP doesn't either. Perhaps PHP support will be dropped in the future? I've found netbeans to be faster on windows, certainly. Not had any of the issues you mention on OSX - just general 'java is slow' issues (especially when compared to same version of nb on windows). On Linux, I got tired of Eclipse-based Java apps not working properly - blank windows, as you mentioned being a primary issue. I hope not too. It's a good solid PHP platform, and a nice alternative to Zend Studio for most scenarios. Personally, I'd leave. I've never been good at trying to introduce those sorts of systemic cultural changes. My own experience is that those have either to come from above, or be endorsed and supported by management. Without that support (or directive) efforts will fail, and you'll possibly upset people along the way (although you may upset them anyway). As it is, if you choose to stay, you may ask for a definition of 'productive' that they're using against you. Is it lines of code? Time to get 'feature x' 'live'? Something else? Once you have a definition, quantify the issues you're seeing - the number of bugs that are introduced by 'fast' developers is probably a prime candidate. Ask that bugs be documented - either over a short time period or just outstanding bugs everyone knows of. Get everyone to understand that speed != quality, and that getting stuff done 'fast' is most likely a false economy. If you can get everyone or almost everyone to agree on some of those basics, you can then propose some new processes and measure the effect. None of this will be quick, and it might not be adopted at all. But... I'd suggest documenting this dispassionately, no naming of names or pointing of fingers to specific people. If you are having problems getting up to speed, anyone else probably would as well, so even if they decide to fire you, they won't get anyone else to be as productive. That's probably not actually true - it would depend on how they measure productivity. If it's just a matter of people throwing code out in to production without worrying whether it works or not, then yeah, someone else might be more productive than you. But it is a false economy over the long haul. Also, any new person coming in has a huge learning curve, because there's institutional knowledge gone by not having documentation, unit tests, etc. If they really truly do not see that, it's probably better for your own sanity to find something else. But given the job situation, do what you can to make your case without stepping on anyone's toes. I'm seeing the word 'loan' in there along with 'investment' - the two aren't really compatible terms. Who's on the hook for the loan? From the TC page: "If you’re not an investor, here’s what it means. Yuri and SV Angel just offered to loan each company $150,000. That loan will convert if/when the company raises a proper angel or venture capital round at the same valuation that’s set in that round. Most convertible debt has a valuation ceiling and also gets a discount on conversion. This debt doesn’t. It’s the most entrepreneur friendly investment that I can think of, short of just handing people money as a gift." So, they're not just handing money over ('investing') - it's a loan, which would seem to require payback. If the company flops (some do) who is on the hook? YC itself? The original founders? If Amazon is letting someone attempt 1000 failed login attempts, even over several hours or a day, they're doing something wrong. His idea about a 10% cut across the board is so common-sense - I've heard it before - yet we never ever hear this from anyone in Washington (not that I've heard, anyway). Why not? 10% may seem extreme - fair enough - but why not 2%? Could we try one year where every federal department has 2% less to spend than they did the year before? 2% isn't a lot, and would go a long way toward each dept rooting out their own 'waste/fraud/abuse', instead of making govt larger by adding oversight processes and staff. And I do not mean "2% less than what we'd projected to increase our budget by next year". I mean if your department had a budget of $1,000,000, you only get a budget of $980,000 this year. Shaving 2% off a 3.5 trillion budget would be - what? - 70 billion? While that doesn't quite get us out of the mess we're in, it's a good start. sort of, but not really. the people making the rules - proposing and approving budgets - don't get the money themselves. They do get power by apportioning it out though. BUT... if everyone had their relative power reduced equally by truly 'across-the-board' cuts, there would't be any real change in the 'my budget is bigger than yours' contests that undoubtedly go on. There's nothing here that's specific to the iPhone - NFC and phone companies handling payments - yeah, there's potential downsides. But it's not iPhone specific. "Researchers won’t be able to look at the data, but they will be able to dump their algorithms in and have the box spit out results, which the researchers can then use to refine their hypotheses." I may be thick, but I'm not sure how much value there's going to be if researchers can't get access to the data. Anonymized data would still be more useful than a black box. I can think of some general things that can be tested, but it still seems like this will be an uphill battle for people wanting to use it. But... I'm not a maths/algorithm guy, so perhaps this will still be useful to people. I think that's a bit high - possibly a lot high. You can likely find quite good qualified people at $70-$80k - base of $50k plus benefits and overhead. Be prepared to offer some equity stake in the operation in exchange for that somewhat lower base salary. In some ways it's no wonder POF was able to bootstrap and run this amazingly large system all written by one guy with limited hardware. Dunno what their stats (or headcount) are now, but years ago POF was heralded as some genius site because it was all put together by one guy and running on a few load balanced servers. I'm not saying it takes multiple people to make something secure, but if one person either doesn't have the experience or knowledge to make something secure, and there's only that one person, there's no one else to even determine there's a problem. Years ago it was primarily to learn - both technical info at sessions and learn who the players in a particular industry and/or region were. For most tech/net related events for me these days it's mostly social - personal and networking - and very little about actual tech issues - perhaps 10% of the sessions are of keen interest in that they'll impact my day to day work/life. Another aspect is speaking - I enjoying presenting on certain topics at conferences. PayPal and Google have an extra level of trust built in to them from a customer POV. Where abouts in NC are you? I'm in Raleigh, and would be happy to meet up and show you some of how I'm setup. I charge yearly subscriptions for digital content, as well as one-off sales. I use both GC and PP for checking out - no sense in limiting yourself too much, imo. I have sales from around the world, and GC and PP have covered the overwhelming majority of those sales. EDIT: Ahh... you're in Durham. I've got to be in Durham this afternoon. If you'd like to get together, ping mgkimsal@gmail.com. Also, I'll be at the tripug PHP meeting in Carrboro next Wed evening at 6:30 if you'd care to meet up and review stuff in more detail. Good luck. Setting up an LLC in NC is $200 initially, then $200 every April. I didn't quite grok that at first, because I'd filed my LLC paperwork in March, then needed to pay the $200 again in April - should have just waited until May. Getting an EIN from IRS is free and took about 10 minutes. Not sure about any local paperwork you'd need to file in NC - I didn't have to file any in Franklin county. many people keep money in there and treat it almost as virtual currency. They can just use paypal money to pay, it's secure, etc. There's a whole class of people who can't get a credit card in the first place, but they can use paypal tied to their bank and move money in. Paypal is more universal around the world than most other cards. Someone may have a JCB card or a Switch card - my standard merchant account gives me a harder time with those, and charges me a heftier fee, and in some cases I can't take 'overseas'-based cards at all (Solo cards, for example) - but those people in those countries can use PayPal - and they do with me. It's not a broken metric when you're selling ad impressions on each page view. It's how you make money. i don't think it's horrible, it's just not the only way. "display advertising" isn't going away. just because someone doesn't click on something (or otherwise 'engage') at the moment of viewing doesn't mean that it was wasted. People remember stuff, and often won't act until they see something 8-10 times. Just because there are other ways of measuring doesn't mean that using 'impressions' to gauge ROI is 'horrible'. Re-evaluate the business relationship - she's not really a 'co-founder' any more, or perhaps never was. Revisit the relationship and make her employee #1 with a moderate equity stake, or just an 'advisor' who's given some equity stake in the project. I'm assuming you're 50/50 on this (which I'm not sure I could ever bring myself to do personally) but she's certainly not contributing anywhere near 50% of the initial work, and apparently she realizes it. Keep the friendship, rework the business relationship to something fairer to all involved. Not entirely relevant, but sort of: "More millionaires are made in their 50s than any other decade." (From Dave Ramsey: http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,426043,00.html ) If 'startup' to you means 21 year olds drinking beer in a studio and living on ramen noodles and pizza, then yeah, you're WAY too old (what are you even doing READING this site?). If 'startup' means a way of you controlling your destiny, making a difference in your life and the lives of others, being creative, and following your passions, then you're not too old. This sort of CV is going to exclude this person from certain positions and companies - probably exactly the companies and positions this person does not want to be hired at. Jamie is doing her own filtering by being "in your face" about what sort of worker she will be, and you can instantly tell whether or not to exclude her from consideration. Whether to hire automatically, that's would take more time to determine. She'll instantly get discarded from consideration for most 'sit in a cubicle all day and take directions from 5 committees' jobs, and that's probably exactly what she wants. Are you going to try to do this all 'by hand', or use some editor like nvu, aptana, netbeans or something else? "people with real accomplishments would never, ever do that" One might even go further and say that "people with real accomplishments" wouldn't bother having a 'resume' (in a standard plain format) in the first place. Their work/accomplishments should speak for themselves. Is that $99 per item purchased , or just $99 to be part of a 'buy back' club? If the latter, for people who buy a lot, it might almost not be a horrible program. They record all of my calls by starting off the call saying "this may be monitored for quality assurance". I'm thinking of having all my outbound calls start with the same message, and recording them all. If someone doesn't want to be monitored, they can choose to deal with me only in writing then. Doing project work (not my own though) but definitely not watching the super bowl. Had a nice dinner with my wife, now back to hacking. Wouldn't be that hard with Twilio, though it would add some considerable expense for longer calls. Probably doesn't want people who are paying for it to know how much he's making. At least, doesn't want that to show up as the first thing in the search results when people search for it. He turned the info over to the US govt. From my reading of this, either he didn't tell them everything he knew, or the US thought he was withholding info, or he's in prison because everything he was doing in Switzerland was considered withholding info in the first place. I didn't quite get that, but I think it was one of those areas that landed him in prison. EDIT: Switzerland. I dearly hope the offer a decent tablet that is inexpensive and not tied to a mobile carrier. I think one of the things that killed Palm/Pre was that they tried to play the 'mobile phone' game, when they could have gone 'retro' with the "pda without a mobile phone" and done much better. Lots of geeks and non geeks would be willing to give a device a spot in their lives that doesn't displace their current mobile phone. Given the current state in the US, we're overwhelmingly tied to 'contracts' and steep monthly fees. The threshold any device needs to meet to displace our current devices at any given time is huge. However... many people are willing to plunk down $150+ for an iPod Touch - which is for most purposes an iPhone with no phone, which also means no contracts, carriers, monthly fees, etc. If you like it, great! If not, it'll make a nice gift for some family member or friend. The barrier to trying one out is much lower. Regardless of the initial price ("free phone!") most of us now understand that any "mobile phone device" we get is going to cost us $500-$1000/year for multiple years. Playing that game is way too costly - the stakes are too high - the carriers have no real incentive to push you 3 months from now when the next model of something else is 'new'. iPhones have been the exception to all this, and betting your company on being the next disruptive exception was/is foolhardy (Palm pre-HP). Apple already proved there's a large market for wifi-only devices - let's hope HPalm's new webOS devices offer sanely priced wifi-only options. There's a whole mess of stuff out there that might be really interesting but that you'll never 'use' personally. Math geeks might love working in a derivatives company, working on software and algorithmic stuff all day long. Not one of those geeks might ever deal with derivatives outside their day job, ever. While having a belief in the company you're working for and what they're doing is valuable, I don't think you need to be a 'user' of a company's services or products to work somewhere. Perhaps that's not what you're asking, or perhaps you're only looking to work at consumer-facing public web service companies? To be clear, every business is a customer-facing business. You just probably aren't the customer for most of those. Perhaps you're meaning 'consumer' ? valid points - i meant to type $200, but for some reason was thinking of the nanos and other devices and got $150ish in my head. The huge sales of the touch at $230+ make my point even more, though, in many ways. People are OK with spending a moderate amount of money on a decent device. We can't be expected to drop everything for the next 'mobile device' that requires 2 year contracts all the time. Yes, tech bloggers and a few ubergeeks can do this - most people can't and won't. "There's a reason why HTC, LG, Samsung, and Motorola have all created great Android smartphones". I think it's because they're basically lazy and unimaginative. Having Android dropped in their lap means they can ride a bandwagon without having to spend as much on R&D - they can use that money for even more invasive "nascar/nfl" licensing deals to put non-removable widgets on the device homescreen! (yes, I'm more than a bit cynical about this). I had had high hopes for Palm with the webOS was first launched, but saw them trying to play the 'me too' game by only offering mobile phones, which are tied to carriers, and bring a huge baggage with them - legions of people who will never leave or never use particular carriers. It's all water under the bridge now, but if anyone had the ability to redefine the PDA space, it was Palm, if only because of the legacy of the name. Well, that tied with the relative boldness of webOS - I wanted one, but I didn't want to have to tie up thousands of dollars and years of my life with a particular company. FWIW, I have done that with AT&T/iphone, but relatively late in the game, and opted for it only after I realized how poorly the pre was going to play out being tied to sprint. I occasionally travel overseas and couldn't deal with CDMA only, and also already had some family on AT&T and the 'free minutes' thing tipped the balance. re: contract phones.... they're still tied to carriers, no? I don't think I can use that no-contract iPhone on any other carrier than AT&T, can I? I really don't know. It's insulting to have to pay that 'subsidy' markup when in fact I can't use it on any other network anyway. From what I have seen, it's a phone, not just a 'device'. Which is going to mean contracts and lock-in. Why couldn't this have been a small handheld 'device' - wifi-only (ala ipod touch) and priced low enough to flood the market with these? There's loads of verticals a device like this could likely dominate - good OS to build on, small form factor - throw in a low cost and let 1000 vertical apps bloom. But they chose yet again to chase the 'phone' market. sigh . $400. I might pay a bit more, but I'd love to see it at a $299 price point. Or perhaps an ability to buy in bulk for client projects at $299. "everyone" didn't. I know a number of holdouts (myself included) who are still waiting. When the next big thing comes along, another portion of us will take the plunge. Thanks for that - hadn't seen the small one (had seen an earlier archos 7"? tablet). 2 What makes Movable Type hard to install has actually nothing to do with Perl at all. It has to do with CGI. CGI was originally architected to allow any script to be run and invoked via an addressable URL, and when that capability was first introduced system administrators and programmers feared the security ramifications of allowing any arbitrary script to be executed in that fashion. Therefore, they instituted a number limitations enforced by the web server: 1) only certain directories on your web server can possess the ability to run CGI scripts, 2) only executable files can be invoked via CGI, and 3) no static files (html, css, javascript, or any text file) can be served from the same directory as a CGI script. These limitations are often inappropriately attributed to Perl only because Perl became the dominant, if not the only scripting language used to author CGI based web applications early on. But... many (most?) shared webhosts - which support PHP and WP just fine - run in CGI or FastCGI mode. GoDaddy, IIRC - all PHP is CGI-based. It's been a while since I've done LAMPhp setup, and even longer since that P meant Perl, but it's always felt (as in, going back to 2000/2001) that configuring Apache for mod_php or CGI PHP was just more straightforward than Perl. Reasons? PHP allows for (encourages?) very 'hack' based approach to development, which most other languages don't. Don't understand how or why to pass parameters around? Just use the 'global' keyword. Rinse, repeat, and you've got your customizations to WP. I'm not saying all WP mods are hacks, but it was/is very easy for people to experiment with trying their hand and hacking around. IMO this was the biggest thing that has led to WP dominating, and PHP as a language continuing to dominate. Yes, it's not the cleanest around, but it does allow for rapid experimentation (far more than something like Java, and depending on the code you're hacking, Perl). Clickable: http://findpdf.net I've been using the micropayment account for almost two years - not sure why this is news except maybe they're now not hiding it? My minimum sale is about $4, and the micropayment works out better for most sales up to around $12, at which point I use a different processor. Using the micropayments approach has saved me a decent amount over the last couple years. Good to see them promoting it more heavily. What I'd wish is that they would allow you to use micropayment pricing and traditional pricing on the same account, and simply give you the micropayment pricing on payments under $12. Not sure why they can't/won't do that. "We don't need every single episode of Eastenders archived for all time to understand culture." Speak for yourself! One might also say there was far less information available at their fingertips to help them learn, even if they wanted to. They may have been relegated to one or two books, which likely were outdated or wrong. How much do you pay editors and managers and developers to keep 12 year old sites sitting on a webserver? The majority of people that I know that wanted an iPhone got one via AT&T, even if it meant they still carried a different phone from before (verizon, sprint, etc). I'm not surprised that pre-orders went well, but not too surprised that there weren't massive lines in stores. Couple that with the uncertainty about iPhone5 - will Verizon get it this summer (assuming there is a new iPhone this summer) or will they have to wait unti next Feb? Too much uncertainty, ease of pre-orders, etc - not a massive event. "Competing platforms have similar user numbers, good technology" Citation needed. I think this is meant to deal with non-SSL content hosted outside of your own domain, right? As the earlier posted pointed out, you can just get an SSL cert and DIY much cheaper. If it's to deal with non-SSL content hosted by someone else, I'm assuming you're proxying the content? Might you still get those errors anyway if some javascript on the page makes a request for non-SSL content? "Some of the worst performing schools spend some of the most per student. I doubt the problem is truly a lack of funds, it's more likely to be a mismanagement of funds." "No Child Left Behind" should have been "No Classroom Left Behind". Test scores encourage "teaching to the test", and often in crappy classrooms without adequate lighting, heating, etc. Encouraging directed spending at ensuring each classroom meets minimum standards would have been a better use of spending, imo. In theory, these should be pretty easy to verify. Go in to a classroom - does it meet standards X, Y, Z? It passes, district is reimbursed for spending (or however you want to work it). "More money" from government bodies would likely just get tied up in top-level budgets, and little or none of it would see its way to real classroom improvements. "I don't know that I would be any different given the circumstances that surround them." So... change some of the circumstances. You can't change their home life, but you can spend appropriately to have classrooms that are free of banging pipes, heating/cooling issues, bird droppings, electrical problems, etc. "...the socio-economic conditions of some kids being dis-engaged, disinterested and actively disruptive would not be helped by throwing more cash at the school..." It looks like that spending "more money" on the problems this poster pointed out hasn't, in fact, been tried. Students who have crappy home life situations, then have to come sit in a rundown building with all the problems listed earlier might in fact not have a great learning attitude. Demonstrate that we as a society do, in fact, care enough to give them basics like copy paper and decent electrical systems, and - wait for it - they might actually have a different attitude. This is all just crazy talk, of course. Seems to me there should be longer delay periods on bonus payments of that scale. Granted, I'm not living in that stratosphere, but ... yeah, as someone else said, if I could leave after 1 year (to the day) with an additional 1.8 million for no more work, or stay (and commute) for less than half that... why would you? The 1.8 could have been there for 'time on job' of, say, 3 years, or 5. Or pro-rated to the time spent on the job? This reminds me a bit of the 'bankers' on wall street a couple years ago. "But if we don't offer sweet deals like these, this top talent won't come work for us!". Do you really want to incentivize 'top talent' to leave on day 366 (or, in wall street's case, take massive risks)? Clickable: http://apps.facebook.com/bytebox/ "and then build a crappy, I-hope-nobody-sees-this-code prototype." And it'll end up being 'production' code because "we already have it and they already paid for it!". And the crappier it is, the longer it will remain in production and the harder everyone will fight against rebuilding it to be not crappy. Agreed. I know there's going to be an 'iPhone' for a long time to come, and I'm confident now that there'll be a peripherals ecosystem around it. I have no such confidence that any other company will keep the same model of phone around for more than a few years. Even the mighty RAZR seemed to lose the support of Motorola - RAZR, ROKR, PEBL, SLVR variations came out, and now none of them are being actively pursued - MOTO shifted focus to Android as 'flavor of the month'. They'll have no such problems shifting to something else more profitable in 2 years if it suits them, leaving everyone who purchased or supported current phones high and dry. IIRC, Apple was predicting iPad sales of 10M in 2010, which many analysts scoffed at. Also, IIRC, they sold 7M in just the last quarter of 2010 (admittedly, the holiday season). So yeah, I believe Apple was pretty confident. "On the other hand, this is a work that the developers of the libraries will have to do anyway, sooner or later. " But... will they "have to"? If a library author is waiting for 'critical adoption', they may never upgrade to Python 3 themselves, and have no need to upgrade the library, and the circle continues. Interesting - I do. Not all of them, but it's more than I can say for other devices I've owned. And I'm pretty sure there will be some 3rd party vendors that will provide support for my model for a while to come, given the size of the installed base of the same model. I don't expect it forever, but I do expect it (and seem to get it). ARGH - I HATE those. Couple those with poor signage and out-of-towners will be lost for, well, if not hours, certainly tens of minutes. :/ (cherry hill ... lost several times in that area and no ways to turn around for miles). Would many DOT workers say their systems are stupid? Michigan DOT people probably justify the Michigan Left as safe/efficient/etc, and other places use roundabouts (Camden seems to have removed their roundabout(s) last time I was there). Also, forcing people to drive an extra 3-4 miles because they missed a turn is probably not very good for the environment. Just sayin' No, you're not. "I realize there are other apps out there like this one, but to be totally honest, there aren't many good ones." Thanks for the honesty. ;) They were investigating selling their own wine at one point (that I know of - maybe other points too). Wine. Not... getting better at selling books or coming up with new ways to engage readers. Wine. I wrote them off at that point, and it's been painful to watch the slow decline. I liked them - I'm from SE Michigan and it was great to have a local 'home grown' company succeed. But between their early fairly major missteps in ecommerce to ceding control to Amazon for a long time, they've been in a slow death spiral. This has less to do with the shifting changes in publishing (ebooks, mobile, kindle, etc) and more to do with ... I dunno. B&N is still around and seemingly able to adapt. Why couldn't Borders? "Unfortunately, people who state that Java's dead are not the people who use the latest Java technologies day in and day out." The 'cutting edge' stuff - scala, groovy, etc. - is used by a comparative handful of people, but is the stuff those people really enjoy using (when I have to do a Java project, I do it in Grails). The predictions of Java's death seem to be based on a Java 1.3-1.4-style Java, and that does seem to be dying. That doesn't really mean that Java itself is dying, although many people did leave the 1.4-style stuff and jumped to other languages altogether (C#, Ruby, etc). This is all anecdotal on my part - just based on people I know and stuff I see. I could say the same thing about PHP (from experience). Many people got frustrated with it 6-7 years ago and jumped ship to Python, Ruby, etc. But 'modern' PHP (while still having much of the stuff people love to hate about PHP) can provide a much stronger base to build on that 7 years ago. Likely the same could be said for 2000-era CF, 2000-era Python, and other camps. I should have said 'era'. Most people I knew that were using Java as a day job were stuck on 1.3/1.4 forever, even after 1.5 was released, so could never avail themselves of anything remotely new or interesting in the language. Even something as basic as the new for() looping in 1.5 was something they couldn't or wouldn't adapt to, and most of them left Java for something else. Huh? I've never been in a coffee shop that 'charged for ambiance' "directly" as you put it. They charge me $4 for a cup of coffee that probably costs about $1, plus a few minutes of someone's time to make it. They let me sit in their trendy digs and drink said coffee. Bookstores - they give you the convenience of getting it right then as opposed to ordering from online and waiting. You're paying for the convenience. You obviously wanted/needed the book right then, so pay the $1.50 extra. You wasted a hell of a lot more than $1.50 of fuels between you driving back to the store and Amazon shipping it probably halfway across the country to your doorstep. WTF. edit: "I just want a book." No... you wanted a cheaper price on a book but you also wanted it right now . You can't have both (unless perhaps you want to pick up the latest Sarah Palin bestseller from WalMart). Pick which is more important to you - price or speed. Buy accordingly. Don't abuse the retail store. And don't give me the "they have a policy in place to return stuff." Policies like that are getting changed/eliminated/reduced because of people like you. You want to save 8% on your purchase? Buy from Amazon and wait 2-3 days. On the tech side, if you've got a silverlight-based app that you'd think might be better as a pure javascript-based offering (the 50% issue you mentioned elsewhere) bringing someone in who is not a js guru isn't going to get you any further along. So... someone coming in and wanting to change tech mostly just to suit them (although I think there can be some financial advantages to java/php over a .net approach) doesn't sound like a good move. Putting on my "old guy" hat... you're 15. He's not much older. You're both young and he's wanting to horn in on your baby because he saw a movie. This just doesn't good to me, but the ages - and family angle - make it worse. I'd steer clear of this one as politely as possible. If your current project doesn't pan out, perhaps you can start something new together later, but approach that with a clean slate. Old man speaking here again. It's fashionable the past few years to drop out of college and head to Silicon Valley to strike it rich. I get that. I would not recommend dropping out of high school. You've got perhaps 2 years left of it. If you want to slack there and hone your skills on something else - fine. But unless people are already paying you a crapload of money for stuff you've done, stick it out. That probably sounds very 'stick in the mud', and it possibly is. Just... stick it out. Out of the probably 70-80 years you've got left on this planet, another 2 spent getting the most rudimentary education and exposure to a variety of ideas (even if it sucks) isn't going to kill you, or indeed kill your startup baby. If there's one thing I've learned over the years is that good ideas and good opportunities constantly present themselves - it's like a river. You need to be able to grab on to one when you're ready, and at 15 I'm just not sure you're ready. Yes, we see stories of 9 year old CEOs making fortunes on the web (one started a furniture company or something like that) but they also have close-knit supportive parents and families. You've not mentioned parents, but you're already not on the same wavelength as your brother, which is a big red flag. I did a 'startup' (services consultancy, really) with my brother for several years - it didn't end well, but we've stayed friendly and in touch, which (to me) is ultimately more important. VHF was one of my favorite movies of the 80s. There's a radio version now?!