That's disingenuous --that's called reported speech. (in reported speech, tenses go back one). The team pictures have obvious heavy shadows from a single flash. Otherwise, looks promising, I might give them a try next time round. The easy interface to map-data editing is quite nice. As others have said, Taiwan is very foreigner friendly -moreso if you are willing to Learn Mandarin (it's cheap), albeit with a TW accent. If you move to the south, then Taiwanese is also important, but you can get by with Chinese. English does not go far beyond foreign bars and western companies. Couple of things. In the north the weather can be miserable in winter --humid/rainy and cold. It hardly drops to freezing, but it's bone chilling. In the south you have to think about pollution. It's really bad and it's dreadfully hot in the summer --I mean intolerably hot (most of the time it's ok b/c you're indoors with AC, but once you step outside you get drenched within a minute. There's an expression for respiratory problems people might develop in the industrial south "Kaohsiung Lung" for a kind of cough which some people develop in response to the pollution. Some good things, taxes are quite reasonable. People are friendly and most things are relatively cheap -unless you are looking at Japanese and Western products, then they are expensive. You can drive w/o a license pretty much without repercussions, but if you're staying long, go thru the process, it's worth it. Healthcare, it's taken care of for you when you get a job. Co-pay is ridiculously low. Procedures are low. The medicine is pretty much up to standard, but realize most hospitals are privately owned by millionaires. Food is abundant and available at all hours of the day and night -for cheap. Again, unless you are looking for excellent Japanese or Western food, then you pay. Utilities are cheap. While apartments and condos are great, houses are weird. They are these weird 4 to 6 story very narrow monstrosities with very bad usability design, in my opinion. Government offices, from my experiences were very efficient --nothing required hour waits nor return visits (unless you forget a document). Documents are simple --but you need to understand Chinese of have someone help you). Housing is cheap, unless you need to live in a "western compound" then it gets expensive. Other bad things: traffic. Unless you can use the MRT (in Kaohsiung or Taipei) you will have to ride a scooter (or drive a car). Don't get into an accident. You will most likely have to pay a settlement fee -esp being a foreigner. There is no "central heating" so get used to cold winters in TPE. You run out of places to visit quite soon, so you might have to hop over to Japan. Driving is kind of ruleless. Well, they have rules but most people ignore them so it's very chaotic. There are no sidewalks. It looks like they exist, but they don't. What look like sidewalks are actually private property, most of the time used for scooter parking or for business fronts. The "sidewalk" are the actual streets --but since they are the street proper, they are dangerous --which is why people ride scooters for a half block errand (it seemed ridiculous at first, but it makes sense as you will earn). Crime exists but for the most part, it's hidden from westerners --just don't try to pick up or look at a gangster's GF or whatever and you'll be ok -however, this is unlikely to happen, unless you go to "local bars"/KTVs/Touch-touch places as opposed to foreigner bars. "Gangsters" sport tattoos, short hair and some chew betel nut (bing lan). Guns are few, but knives are plentiful. Good luck. It's not really relying on Google's search solutions at all. It's relying on users' search behavior. It's coincidental that they (users) use Google and that they happen to always click on the bogus result --when no other data are available. Their method, when no data is available for a search term, is to sometimes (7 out of 100?) rely on human ranked results (in this case gamed by Google) via user behavior gathered with their toolbar. It'd be interesting to find out if Bing was only using behavioral results of Google users or they recorded behavior by users of all search engines. Unfortunately, Google don't seem to have conducted an A/B test to find out, so it ended up with confirmation bias. Their own pre-emptive attempt at exculpation "So you’re upset that Apple wouldn’t approve your money-grubbing stupid idea?" is pretty much my sentiment. Come back when you have a legit gripe. Just because others get away with something is no reason you should get away with same. "Hey, officer, I saw other people speeding too and you didn't cite them, not fair!" Hmm, ok. I think you actually compared yourself to happy-fart or something, but whatever. In any event, it's as if you would deny them "learning". I would refer to any legal code. You can observe it change with time in order to adjust to behavior, attitudes, mores, technology, etc. Imagine the crime boss "Hey, IRS (the US tax board), that was legal last year, how come you took away my loophole?" Now, granted, the IRS has to go thru a process to implement code changes, but this is an analogy to illustrate that codification requires change over time. It'd be shortsighted to want to limit the change regimen from ad hoc to periodic, for your convenience. Sense of humor; is that even germane to anything? Would it have been better if they had cited some cells from xkcd? Is it possible the £585 is a standard fee regardless of simplicity or complexity? i.e. oil change, $40. (no matter it's an easy access filter or complicated filter change) I think the question might better be, why don't Americans travel overseas? Then compare that to how many non-Americans travel overseas. What I'm getting at is that in a small country, you deplete exploration of your own country quickly. In larger places like America, Australia, Canada, China, Russia, one has lots to discover at home and "abroad" can be very far away for many in the interior. Whereas, places like Europe, Middle East, South America are made up (mostly) by relatively small countries, so going abroad could be a 5 hour drive or train ride. When Europeans go south for the Summer (or Winter) they go to another country, almost necessarily; in the US or other large countries, Summer beaches or Winter slopes are in the same country, hence no need to travel outside the country. I think this question of travel deserves another metric to take the distance and geographic discrepancies into account. I think they're trying to be funny. It certainly does not come across as funny, however. So, if they really seek a sales and marketing person, they should avoid using loaded words like monkey, droid, etc. See the satirical post about the terms rockstar and ninja, as it refers to employees. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2180233 >"...but I wish the author had done more research instead of going for a gotcha." That's a bit of irony right there, isn't it? --wow, Matt, I guess it cuts both ways, eh? It's no secret that a fair number of commenters throughout the controversy have sided with Google's or Bing's side. Some people have thought that the initial story came to a premature conclusion (where, incidentally, Bing cried foul). Now we have Jacques, it appears, arriving at premature conclusion as well and we have Google crying foul. To me, that's the essence of irony. I'm sure both Google Search and Bing have your reasons for the way the dirty laundry has been brought out in public. Yeah, I think if you're going to scout the city and want to get a feel for what it would be like to live in SF (rather than vicinity, which is completely different) you should want to spend at least two weeks in SF. I would say stay at an AirBnB for lodging. I think that will give you a better window into what daily life might look like for you. A hotel is going to be disengaged. "Silicon Valley" kind of has as its epicenter in Palo-Alto. However, that really is a rough geographic description. Most mature companies are HQd in SF or San Jose (those are the normal boundaries). SF has companies and startups, tho most could be considered companies which use web-technologies to provide services (AirBnB, Yelp, Craigslist) whereas peninsula companies might fit more the web-infrastructure and platformy (Google, VMware, Verisign, FB) side of things. Mountain View-Santa Clara-San Jose is more Hardware (Intel, Cisco, IBM). That's overly simplified. It's just to give you some rough bearing. UC Berkeley is 30 mins away via Rapid Trainsit (Bart), Stanford U is about 1hr from SF on Commuter Rail (CalTrain) SF is a bit expensive to live in, as a student with little income. Your situation might be different. Many people share rent or the sort, to make things more affordable, if they do want to remain in SF. However, that introduces the vagaries that come with having roommates. You can look for upcoming events you might want to check out here http://sf.funcheap.com/events/san-francisco/ Lodgning at: airbnb.com look at rent info: http://hotpads.com/ also http://sfbay.craigslist.org/sfc/hhh/ Proto- Startup Culture, maybe a quick stop at Hacker Dojo? http://wiki.hackerdojo.com/w/page/25437/FrontPage (It's in the middle of a middle-aged non-descript office park, but it's reachable via Caltrain Mountain View Station ~10 min walk) Can you imagine: "My dad said he wasn't going to sign that FTA with [country X]" "No, I heard him say he really can't stand senator [from state X]. "My mom and I will be going shopping at [some store] at around 2." "Yeah, I actually saw the King of [country] in the oval office --It's supposed to be a secret." Not saying their daughters would have loose lips as exemplified above, and the example are highly unlikely as they would be trained to avoid such statements, but you could imagine people mining what they say to try to infer from what they post and extrapolate as well. It would be a profitable mine for the opposition as well as for any wrong-doers. >1. Hire someone from Microsoft to run the company Except, he was only at Microsoft a year and a half and before that he was with Juniper Networks and before that with Adobe Systems. What I mean is, he knows more about Microsoft and how their offerings might fit in at Nokia (than say an OS by a company he's not familiar with), but it's a stretch to couch it as if he was an old time Microsoft employee who is going to force Microsoft on Nokia. I think you mis-interpreted him. He actually said he believed that all the articles he submitted for deletion were deserving. He did however, say that if people really felt that he was being mis-guided, by following protocol, then, instead of leaving messages on his talk page, he would suggest people work on fixing WP notability guidelines. When he said "fixing" I don't get the feeling _he_ thinks it's broken but rather is acknowledging other people's take (as evidence) and lead him to believe that there could be room for improvement. To me this shows that he believes things are ok, but he would agree to any changes if the community thought changes were necessary. That's quite reasonable to me. That's quite different from the allegation. (That he thought they were wrong but just followed the guidelines anyway. Or have I missed another quote where the allegation is true? >The problem with the Wolfram Alpha terms of service is that they forbid natural, common uses of the web site. It seems that that only applies to general circumstance usage. That is, it appears, once can enter into arrangements with W|A to allow non-human usage of website. To prove, just search for "calories in apples", for example in Bing or Google search. I think they were referring to the annual drills institutionalized in Japan. From the drills conducted annually, people knew how to react to disasters, whereas people who don't experience drills (in, say SEA) ignored the warnings or didn't know how to react since they had no reference. To me, the way they "love" nature, is a bit different form the nature I'm used to. Nature means a weekend walk in the park -meanwhile many riparian areas have simply been paved over. So the love for nature is a little different. It's more "human tamed nature". It's kind of like when humans (yama girls) outnumber trees that you know it's not really nature. Agree with the rest though. >there's no looting because the Government's emergency response is very good... That wasn't particularly the case during the great Hanshin EQ of 1995. I think they did try to improve gov't response to disasters since then. So, yes, I believe they have faith in the gov't, but it's not because of a stellar record. The city, is just too enamored with itself, especially when the city is represented by the BOS. If SF wants to behave like this, (making a tax grab) they'll likely end up alienating what they're attempting to co-opt. You hear SF trying to ride the coattails of stratups everywhere. SF the 'heart of silicon valley', 'the epicenter of entrepreneurship', etc, etc. but on the other hand, it s as if they want to do as much as they can to drive job-growing business away and let SF just become the kitchen/dining room to silicon valley. Maybe i am too, but I can't figure out how SF is "giving" [the companies] wealth? Said companies are earning their own wealth. SF is not "giving" it to them, I'm sure. Let's say you were going to lease storage (physical) and outfit A had a flat fee of 50/mo. Outfit B had a flat fee of 70/mo plus appreciation on the goods you stored. Let's say 20/mo difference had negligible impact on your disposable income. Who would you choose? If you have a choice, why choose the costliest one? >The problem that is being solved is that if Twitter or Zynga leaves San Francisco and continues to grow and hire people in their new location, that will be used against the current politicians in upcoming elections Maybe, but what you're saying is politicians are more interested in the politics in and of itself than really serving the citizens. They should do what they think will benefit the majority of the citizenry with disregard what it will do to their political 'career'. One other pet peeve I have with the city is its requirement that construction jobs must include a large percentage of city residents. This is a city which prides itself in being open and welcoming of the whole gamut of locals and all immigrant types. How does that reconcile? What if San Mateo county got the itch and said, you know what, anyone not from San Mateo working in San Mateo will be levied a non-resident payroll tax. I'm going to agree with you (portman). I think it's obvious that hopping on a plane and thinking one will be of any use on the ground is grossly misguided. Yes. Absolutely. However to dismiss aid saying "we're a rich country, we can handle it" sounds strange. On average, the country is rich, yes. On the ground, each one of the people huddled in shelters is not rich (wealthy). These are people who will not have jobs for some time to come. The government itself is massively in debt (over 200% of GDP). So, to assume the voice for the whole country, especially the devastated areas, while seated in a comfy 2DK in Tokyo rings a little hollow. A bit like the emperor going on TV _days_ after the event and pretty much just saying, I'm with you, persevere, we're all suffering, look, I'm even forgoing the convenience of electricity for two hours a day (what? what? what does that even mean?) I'd say give aid organizations which can help in the affected areas. People are going to be displaced for a _long_ time, they will need food, medicines, supplies, etc. This is not going to be over in a month. Money will be needed to help these people survive while they sort their lives out. In addition, Japan being a country of relatively old people, there are quite a few who have no relatives. Or the relatives live very far away and cannot help. I know you're proud of Japan. I would hope all foreigners in every country would adopt their new homeland they way you have. Still, I think you should drop the pride a little and understand the gravity of the situation with a little more humility. Does Japan need any more foreign reporters who don't know Japanese to report on the tragedy? They encumber Japan less by sending fewer reporters. I see this as a win-win. They can send more, in-depth, reporters when things have settled so they can do their investigative stuff and give some insight. Sending people right now would be more or less taking advantage of a fresh disaster story and riding it till it had no more to give. I don't see how it's a bad thing that they're not sending more reporters to Japan. Keeps the sensationalism down, puts less strain on a strained infrastructure, etc. Also, tax laws change yearly, so it's not as static as some might believe it to be. I dunno, but it seems to be his main issue is what might amount to bragging and boasting which he appears to have encountered in his dealings. It seems to be, to a degree, a protest against conformity to a programming culture he's encountered. He wants to live his programming life as he sees fit, not so much as others seem to assume he would align with? I'd place a good bet it's not endemic of capitalist economic systems. Put another way, government and business (private or state or otherwise) necessarily operate with one another (co-operate). So implying that it's a trait solely of capitalism is not genuine. What's the context of that? Confidential in that they, the company, will not disclose it but to those they are required by law? Or confidential as in you may not disclose it to anyone, but by law? I can't imagine how a piece of information which belongs to you can be controlled by a company. I mean, you cannot possibly mean you are not allowed to inform the IRS how much you earned, right? While I can feel some sympathy, I can't feel outrage. It's not outrageous. They did not delete the content -they moved it (at first she complained about losing her data, then retrenched to complaining about broken links -so what was the real problem? She does not own the URL, the site operator does. She made assumptions which proved untrue. The result of such is unfortunate and inconvenient. It's worthy of a rant of displeasure with how they reach name collision resolution -but it's hardly an affront to the person. That is to question the "disappeared me" harking to military summary executions of actual physical people? (not online handle). If anything, that's an outrage in itself. A delusion(?) of importance. I think it's basically a problem of disconnect in expectations. TL;DR. My data was deleted -I'm upset. Oh, wait, it wasn't; It was moved. I'm pissed anyway. I could only expect what they outline in their TOSes. However, that said, mail is different in that mixing signals (email intended for me going into a mailbox now under control of someone else) might leave them open to liability, depending on what kind of information could be compromised). So, I don't think that would be a valid comparison. Look, her basic argument was her data (content) was lost, then, learning it wasn't, revised the complaint to, my links are broken. That's moving the goalpost. That was my main point. It's an inflammatory word whose use is designed to associate with despicable and unpleasant deeds. It's in bad taste to dilute the meaning of the word for personal vanity. I stand corrected. That seems onerous. Not sure all parts of that would stand up in court, if that's a civil company (non-TLA gov't dept't). Seriously, to my non-lawyer ears, that sounds more like CYA/intimidation than enforceable contract. (more or less like those signs at parking garages where they absolve themselves of liability with a sign saying so). Correct me if I'm wrong, but trademark law does not come into the picture here at all. It's a name collision. Resolution of such are generally relegated to site operator. No one is claiming she's infringing on their trademark, as far as I know. I saw these people too. Some times I used to pre-sort my garbage so they could easily pick up the stuff they wanted -cardboard and containers from the building dumpster. An observation was that they seemed dedicated and hard working. It kind of changed my way of looking at how people deal with limited opportunities. In TW destitute people are just hard working. I was very impressed by that. They find something to do --just something. I didn't see alcohol or drug abuse. I didn't see resentment toward people who were better off. It seemed like a more practical approach without psychological overlays. I don't think it was accepted as fate, rather it seemed like a calculus of "this is what I can do, it's hard, but I can eke out a living without depending on someone/something" Beside that, it was kind of weird coming up on them in the middle of the night pushing their carts in the middle of traffic. That part seemed really dangerous. When I came back to the States, this experience skewed my view of how I perceive people at the fringes in the US who seem more likely to give up on their circumstance. It just seems more self-destructive without having to be. I use Passpack. Uses a password and a packing key -you have the option to use a yubikey as well. You can read up http://www.passpack.com/en/faq/ >In Asia only Japan has decent well run prisons, but their prisons are harsh while still having a high success rate. just to clarify for others. The high conviction success rate in japan has to do with at least two things: 1. Only cases which have high chances of success are pursued (so you get cases where "people fell down a staircase". 2. Detainees have little expectation of talking to an attorney any time soon. Confessions, co-erced or otherwise, are sought after with vigor by the police. From Wikipedia "Confessions are often obtained after long periods of questioning by police. This can, at times, take weeks or months during which time the suspect is in detention and can be prevented from contacting a lawyer or family.[2] Thus, since the suspect is put through prolonged strain, stress and pressure, the reliability of such confessions can be questioned. To Japanese citizens and police, however, the arrest itself already creates the presumption of guilt which needs only to be verified via a confession.[2] The interrogation reports prepared by police and prosecutors and submitted to the trial courts often constitute the central evidence considered when weighing the guilt or innocence of the suspect.[3]" Not knowing the details, it becomes difficult to analyze fully and fairly. Still, if you get a request in writing, from a superior, which would exculpate you from possible negligence for allegedly improperly divulging information, if that's what he truly believed, that should have alleviated the issue. Instead, from the outside, at least, it seemed as if he was unreasonably steadfast in his stance, despite pleas from the mayor (pre-jailhouse visit). It was as though he thought his interpretation of policy superseded the authority of the people or office who/which set out the policy. As I recall the events, it was almost as though he became a prisoner of his own doing. Once he made a stance, it become very difficult for him to back down. As if saving face was a very important aspect of the ordeal. Of course, that's just my personal projection, perhaps. Four years and 1.5 million is too harsh, in my view. Yet, he did deserve some punishment for his actions. The old word in english for vocabulary/glossary was 'wordhoard'. The influence of Latin displaced its usage though. Another linguistic curiosity in English, is that, for some people, when there are two English words with equivalent meaning and one is originally English and the other originally Latin, some people will feel the Latin-derived word more weighty or of higher status than the English word. For example: It's eminently clear she does not desire it. vs. It's utterly clear she does not want it. Or expression: Pardon me? vs. What? I think if this worked like setting 'an alarm time' on iOS, it would work. I can't see how one would know where a dial's 'rotation' stopped; specially if the 'dials' always started from a random digit. Let's say your combo is 74798; one occasion the unlock shows 31920, next 88935, etc. but never opening the phone on a collision. So if it lands on 74798 (your current combo), it would not unlock the phone automatically. passpack already provides the ability to generate one-time passwords. Flickr has a pretty good solution to this. You can create public groups, private groups and invite-only groups. Yeah. I think when you see three corners of a 4-way intersection with gas stations it obviously involves zoning as mentioned and traffic volume enough to sustain the three service stations. Where you have lots of volume in multiple directions, there is enough to sustain multiple stations --they in turn eliminate U-turns and crossing traffic in multi-lane roads/highways. I don't often see consecutive stations on the same side of the highway/road --tho I do occasionally (19th ave in SF, for example). Anecdotally CalTRain ridership picks up at around $4.25/gal. more or less. So, it's possible they are on to something. Next car I get, I would like to get a hybrid --to insure [hedge] against future gas price increases, rather than a way to save now. Wouldn't the analog(ue) be framing? Just because one can frame people (on-line or IRL) doesn't mean the system is flawed. It just means there are people out there willing to have someone else be the fall-person as an end, or as a distraction to buy time in order to escape (or allow the trail of evidence to tail off/go cold.) I think he's saying that people can redefine a problem so that it's no longer their problem. Defining the problem out, rather than actually addressing it. In this case, instead of addressing (usability?) issues, the perceived problem, rather than being addressed head on, is redefined as being at the feet of the user, thus transferring responsibility and absolving oneself. (I.e "It works for me"!) I think that's what they were saying. Not necessarily. Whether or not that is a sincere claim, I think it's saying they are the antithesis of "by any means necessary", more like "we have a set of (conscientious) principles to guide us". The data retention portion of the bill: "`(h) Retention of Certain Records- A provider of an electronic communication service or remote computing service shall retain for a period of at least 18 months the temporarily assigned network addresses the service assigns to each account, unless that address is transmitted by radio communication (as defined in section 3 of the Communications Act of 1934).'" EFF interpretation: "The data retention mandate in this bill would treat every Internet user like a criminal and threaten the online privacy and free speech rights of every American, as lawmakers on both sides of the aisle have recognized. Requiring Internet companies to redesign and reconfigure their systems to facilitate government surveillance of Americans' expressive activities is simply un-American." So they're wanting to mandate IP records from ISPs. How does that equate to treating people like criminals and threaten on-line privacy, etc. I thought the default notion was to treat the internet as if it was all out in the open for anyone to see and read. I actually sympathize with them, but this is very hyperbolic and ridicules the argument, to me. Also, factually incorrect as it would also affect foreigners living in America, irrespective of whether they are in fact, American. This reminds me of Gerrard Winstanley, a Digger, who said, quite eloquently, speaking of the Norman yoke: "Oh, thou City, thou hypocritical City ! Thou blindfold, drowsy England, that sleeps and snorts in the bed of covetousness, awake, awake ! The enemy is upon thy back, he is ready to scale the walls and enter possession, and wilt thou not look out? By, then, of course, it was too late. Here's how I feel about the events: ABNB reacted overly cautiously to the detriment of their customers and also themselves. They were utterly unprepared and made many missteps and outright blunders --naive, really. EJ described the harrowing experience. There was sympathy, and there was some disbelief, as well (unfortunately, there appeared to have been some strong-arming too). ABNB, eventually, after much public outrage and prodding, finally, after severe fall-out, came correct. There was reticence, it appears. EJ is now pinning the reaction to her statements, at least tangentially, on ABNB. She had me till that. And still has me on board for the stuff before that. However, one cannot publish something, at large, i.e. broadcast it, and think everyone is going to be sympathetic to you. It's naive. The only people one can fault are the respondents. I'm not saying she brought that onto herself. No. However, it's just part of the deal. It's like buying meat at the butcher's and not expecting it means there's a cow somewhere that will get slaughtered. It's part and parcel. The reaction to her posting has nothing to do with ABNB, directly. It cannot be pinned on the ABNB donkey. The reaction comes across as appealing to emotion. I think that horse has been beaten. I'm sympathetic. It's a very reasonable and persuasive argument. Unfortunately, it's one of those things one cannot control -short of censorship. The same thing happens with people's email transcripts. The same happens with politicians and open mics. Most of the time ill-conceved/or personal emails or rants or candid opinions to an open mic are not picked up and broadcast --sometimes, depending on context, opportunity and misfortune, they are -to lots of regret, embarrassment and perhaps, lawful correction. Occasionally, opportunity. Basically, to me, they seem inextricable. I cannot/am not able to see a way to separate them in an unmoderated open forum. My main point wasn't that she should have realized it's a broadcast medium. Rather, realize the medium is subject, by its public nature, to a spectrum of reactions. Some of those can be reactionary and unwelcome. It's part of discourse. Ok. Now it makes sense. I had the same question others had. I think you're saying if the money you earned from renting were divided by the visits to your listing, you'd end up with the number you posted. Question, are you breaking even (rent - sublet earnings)? Here's the source of the data: http://www.hitwise.com/us/press-center/press-releases/experi... Can you elaborate on the 'Western' qualifier, I think it's unwarranted? I imagine any big enough and sophisticated (organized) enough government would engage in some of this activity. Ah, ok. I recall a conversation with a SEAsian refugee who mentioned something like neighborhood committees and such where neighbors were organized to actively spy on such things which could be regarded as anti-state/anti-party. Was it the underground cell repeaters? Or the cell towers on BART property --for which they lease out the land to telecom providers? If it's the underground repeaters, that's their business. If it was the towers on Bart property but property of telecoms, then that's problematic -as it interrupts service to non-Bart users. So what "hacking" do Anonymous plan to do? I hope their only target is the website; for anything else would put commuter safety at risk. Except he wasn't detained. I think something like this would have a huge impact on the conviction rate in Japan where a significant amount is based in coerced confessions. See BBC article: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/8290767.stm But this reminds me of the malleability of memory and also herd-like mentality. I think it was on Tv or somewhere where the experiment involved flooding a room with participants with fake smoke but confederates were set to deny it was smoke. The effect was that the fake smoke was ignored. Had it been a real fire, they'd all have perished. I have to agree with this. Looking at those statements side by side it's as if they were given an assignment with 8 key words to choose from and given 5 minutes to work up a sentence. I think, for me, procrastination has to do with projecting complication into things. So, if I want to cook something new, I imagine needing to find the perfect recipe with the perfect ingredients, for example. But, then, there are times when I just decide to do it even if I'm missing ingredients or have not come across a recipe which makes sense to me. Powering thru. I think for the video game tester, if I were them, I'd project difficulty onto it. Finding the bugs, etc. Feeling like I might not be up to finding anything interesting. It's a bit of a fear of failing, in a way, till I felt, "I'm up to the task now." Drinking patterns are different in Southern Europe as contrasted with Northern Europe. Hence the chugging (binge drinking) in Sweden, England, Germany vs. the more leisurely wine and pastis in Italy, France, Portugal, etc. Not to say So. Euros don't engage in binge drinking --but on average less so. so even in Europe it's not the same --not to mention Russia. Drinking patterns are different in Southern Europe as contrasted with Northern Europe. Hence the chugging (binge drinking) in Sweden, England, Germany vs. the more leisurely wine and pastis in Italy, France, Portugal, etc. Not to say So. Euros don't engage in binge drinking --but on average less so. so even in Europe it's not the same --not to mention Russia. I think they're pointing to poor editing. Else fail. A kind of set up fear of failing, I guess. This is a repeat article of a business borne in Japan fueled by iPads and lack in home shelf-space in big cities. http://www.wired.com/gadgetlab/2011/02/japanese-book-scannin... I think they scan new books, once they have one scan in inventory, they don't have to scan it again. When you send them your book, it's proof you owned one and they send you a PDF. That is, they don't scan all individual books --so if yours had margin notes, that would be lost, I believe. The capitalization was bizarre; the 'rant' seemed reasonable, actually. The UI, is apparently customizable. From the Team Blog: "We knew that using a ribbon for Explorer would likely be met with skepticism by a set of power-users (like me), but there are clear benefits in ways that the ribbon: -Exposes hidden features that they already use but which require third party add-ons to use in the Explorer UI today. -Provides keyboard shortcuts for every command in the ribbon, something many people have been asking for. -Provides UI customization with the quick access toolbar, taking us back to a customization level that is basically equivalent to Windows XP." I think his argument is more aligned with "responsible disclosure". Or it's the difference between knowing the ingredients to Coke vs. the recipe. There's also another New York yoghurt maker. Siggi's who makes Icelandic skyr. http://skyr.com/our_story.html I'm a skyr convert --tho you have to get used to its texture. It's about $2 per 5.3oz. There's already this app which works pretty well ( http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/caltrain-xpress/id309651502? ). What does your app improve upon? Just curious. Mildly sandy and sticky. After a week or so you get used to the new texture and then it's more about liking a flavor. Vanilla and Orange Ginger are the ones I prefer. When you listen to chinese songs, there are no tones. People still understand the songs. One cannot sing tones. Chinese and English are remarkable in how they address ideas. In Chinese, for the most part, there are only basic words -with little available in the way of synonyms for supplying nuance.' So you ask someone how do you say big. How do you say gigantic, how do you say long, how do you say capacious, etc. It's all "da" ”大“。 So when people come to me in English and say something like you know, capricious is not exactly the same as whimsical, I can say, that's only because you think it can't be. But it can be. It only is because we've integrated words from French, Latin, Scandinavian, etc. which give us the breadth of choice. But it's kind of artificial anyway and if you force yourself to think about basic meanings -there is little difference. (Law excluded). Financial "products" are regulated by the gov. That didn't seem to have the desired effect back in 2008. I don't think fraudsters care about regulation. They care that they can sucker people. Why wouldn't a 3D print operator have people/entity sign a legal document stating that placed order would not violate any federal laws and anything which resulted in violating federal law regulation would boomerang back to the entity placing the order? My point was that regulation and scrutiny didn't prevent the likes of a Bernie Madoff providing a financial product and running a ponzi scheme. In addition, the financial industry at large can legally provide all kinds of leveraged products which pass scrutiny and result in hefty bonuses (personal profit) but which can end with ruin for the individual and group investors because they are structurally unsustainable (i.e subprime lending had to come crashing). On top of that, the institutions which benefitted during the boom then turned around and asked the people to prop them up despite the questionable risks they took because the world could not afford to have them fail --we blinked. I see what you are saying. I think regulation helps and it provides a way for redress. Those are good byproducts of regulation. I think my point was that bad people will still try to pull fast ones -regulated or not. I imagine the frequency of fraud could be reduced by regulation. So, from that standpoint it might be better to have it on the up and up and supervised -but supervised with a very keen eye and a regulation with teeth, as it were. I think the consumer are the entities (Fujitsu, Coke, eBay, etc.) advertising on Google, not the people using Google (mom, sister, dad) for search. From that perspective, Google being the pre-eminent search provider (i.e, where the advertisers' customers search for a product or service) this becomes relevant. Basically, yes, an advertiser could only advertise on Yahoo! (but in the process lose quite a chunk of their potential customer base). It's fascinating to see musicians who can afford (socially) to dress neatly in spite of the assumption they'd dress in ripped jeans and T-shirt. On micros, if the load is CPU intensive, the vCPU gets throttled pretty quickly for sustained loads (say over 10 - 15 seconds) and your Steal Time CPU percentage goes up -the hypervisor will give someone else real CPU cycles before coming back to serve you. So, they are good for low traffic sites with bursty loads but not good for sustained traffic/loads. Key money is a kind of "tip" albeit a big tip -in the way of several month's worth or rent. It's separate form a deposit -which is also necessary. Foreigners can be asked for more key money than locals. Key money is negotiable --newer properties may not require key money, also vacant properties may forgo key money. Factually it's [someone] (has) died, of course. In reportage, the present tense is typically used for headlines no matter if present or past. I.e. "The Fed increases the overnight interbank rate by 25 basis points." "[Politician] wins senate race", etc. When I chat, occasionally, I'll þrow in a þorn, or, depending if it's voiced, ðen I'll use ðe eð [eth]. Most people just pretend it was an artifact in ðe session. Amazon already provides this service itself: http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss?field-keywords=filler... Sorry, try this instead: http://www.amazon.com/Shipping-Filler-items-under-shipping/l... Technically it would be their channel to control, just as Wal*Mart controls what inventory it carries (in music, for example). Free speech would not apply as it's not government --but PR would suffer if they did restrict content, I think. Still, I think if they decided to get into the business of gatekeeper, the gov (and the public) would want to investigate their actions --whether it would be legally actionable I have no idea. I think it would be foolish of them to go in that direction --it would be an opportunity for a smaller player to establish themselves as the non-paternalistic alternative. I always thought there was tic-toc collusion amongst Canon and Nikon --ie. Nikon ups the FPS, Canon ups the MP; Canon ups the FPS, Nikon ups MP or ISO, or something else. Or one has nice Lens aperture but the other one's lenses have less distortion, etc. These two companies seem to trade-off on features every other generation (tic-toc). I think they had a common history, some decades back. "Their friendly rivalry" speaks to this, in a way. http://search.japantimes.co.jp/cgi-bin/nb20071226a7.html You win contests (with iphone photos) like Damon Winter did. http://lens.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/02/11/through-my-eye-not-... Connect with the subject (not necessarily emotionally) and portray things as you see them. Ie. it's not the tool that matters that much, it's the result/the content and how it speaks to us. These guys (a guy and a gal) will send it to you. http://wesendtoyou.com/ I think they will receive your Amazon package, for example, unpack‡, and repackage and relabel to your JP address. ‡I think that's to ensure nothing banned by the destination country gets sent (and get the shipper in trouble). Anyhow, buyer beware. Yes. Marry over-seas then apply for the visa at over-seas consulate --should take about 3-months or so. I know a handful of couples like that. It was pretty painless --so long as they married prior to coming to the US. So they were legally married overseas, then applied at overseas consulate and green card was granted --citizenship can be applied for a year after arrival, and (I'm under the impression) most have been granted citizenship within one to two years. No fuss, that I've heard of. Now, (you) working overseas (not in the US) as a non citizen can get tricky for US citizens --you have to be sponsored, of course, but in some countries, like Argentina, you (or employer most likely) would have to prove there was no local available to fulfill the job requirement. That can be a tough hurdle. Many countries have this asset requirement -New Zeeland, for example, Canada. It's nothing new or extra-ordinary. It's sort of insurance against draining the state in the event one were to become non-productive. As sovereign, countries can change their policies --as Western Europe did after WWII to attract a workforce to rebuild --and in the 70s once that workforce was no longer necessary. Every country has a carrying capacity --the limits can be economic, resource-bound, land-bound, political, etc. Why would the US be any different? The Statue of Liberty is a statue expressing an ideal albeit a bit troubling in that it assumes a world of poor huddled masses --but it's not a national policy. "What do you do with the money that comes out of people's paychecks for Social Security? Now, a lot of that money gets invested in –- you guessed it — Treasury bonds. If there are no Treasury bonds, what do you invest it in? Stocks?" So why couldn't we buy other sovereign debt --obviously stable/safe. It's not as though we're the only ones with debt or safe debt. I don't imagine Germany or Japan or France defaulting. The seamless transfer of sphere from sheet of paper to cup was pretty cool. I wish they had replaced the - operator since many error codes contain a minus and it's easier to type -2081 than "-2081". To add to that idea I think is that it obviates the need to remember and recall a website name for [later] retrieval, for example. Good question. Labeling. Sometimes I get odd errors from crashed applications which read error code "-538", for example. Looking for error code 538 can lead to the error I was looking for but also for other 538s not equal to "-538". I agree with JFB here. It's impossible to be completely objective. There is bias in everything --so it's a fool's errand to try and think one can achieve that. As many have stated, they have their biases, but they don't hide them. I have the utmost respect for them. They don't shy away form their mistakes and readily admit to them, unlike others who try to explain their mistakes away. But all those have recourse. They can sue the state and get restitution. So, yes, mistakes happen, but there is procedure to seek corrective action. There is a difference. The only way to not investigate innocent people would be to know in advance who's guilty. And if you knew who was guilty in advance why even have courts? It'd be for show. Anyhow, that's be asking for more than we are capable of as a civilization. It's understood innocent people will be accused and acquitted thru the system; if the state is proven wrong and you suffered from the process, there is recourse. You sue the state. How do you sue vigilantes who are by definition, outside the system? >One of the challenges is that no one knows yet if hermit crabs will live in man-made plastic shells. And if they will, what shell designs would make the best hermit crab homes. How come they don't print the kind of shells these crabs regularly scrounge up? I don't know about these crabs, but I imagine they have some favorite shell types they like to use. Ask a marine zoologist, no? For people who have the smarts, supportive family structure (have the ability and will help) and already know what they want to do, they can probably do well despite dropping out. For people who haven't figured things out or need the nurturing and or guidance and don't have anyone back home as safety-net dropping out is not going to help; I don't think. So, yeah, for super smart people institutional education might prove redundant, but for many, that's where they are going to learn how to interface with the economy with improved effectiveness, make connections and build relationships (network). So what happens where stores have underground parking or multi-level parking structures (where people seldom park on the topmost floor)? This story is a year old and also it's been commented on here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2124784 Pretty remarkable how accurate those predictions were --some were off, but the hit rate was pretty good. Man[kind] will see around the world... That English would establish its own grammar rather then try to foist Latin on it (such that one could not end a sentence with a preposition because it ran against Latin grammar but was natural in English). The rise of UPS and home delivery of goods... Good stuff. A team up of FB with Polar Rose would have been pretty spectacular. Isn't this at least arguably better than broadcasting a suspect's photo over the local news outlets --which is the current way of dealing with this information deficiency? It's not being used to convict people, it's used to identify a suspect who could end up being found guilty via normal procedure --but this does not bypass that procedure. I'd change it to disallow consecutive terms --yet as many terms so long as not consecutive That's pretty declarative. You seem pretty sure the situation in the States would be comparable to that in Russia --I think that's a very tenuous stretch. It happens in Russia because they have collusion. Presumably we would have less chance of that happening as other candidates would be free to join in on the political race. There is non-such in Putin's Russia. In Russia, candidacies are controlled (and those two had an "understanding"), so you end up with that. Anyhow, Russia is an exception. Why do you bother bringing up an exception as in this case it would appear irrelevant? What we do have is people who, due to name establishment (incumbency) recognition and or party backing, end up stringing together many terms --this alternative, would at least break that pattern up and give other candidates a chance due to stalled momentum (of the what would have been incumbent). It's seems an obvious difference to me. Great, so German's pay for the fiscal and political indiscretion of the Greeks. I guess they had little alternative as Greece was too big to fail -or, had they been allowed to default, The German people, via German bank investments in Greece,would have lost even more --seems they didn't learn much from our Wall Street banks and saddling die Volkes with the bag. Or do I have this wrong? I've been trying to follow this a bit.. Have you seen it happen where candidates are vetted by the state and only allow those it blesses? I don't see a parallel. I think you're reaching very very far. So how did they work this out, licensing-wise? AFAIK, MOSX is only allowed to run on Apple HW to be license compliant. Did they develop their own VM or are they using something like ESXi 5 for the virtualization on Apple HW? Thanks for that. It's a longish article but it goes on about how he feels frustrated by the political system, educational and health systems of the country and that he and Buffet believe they should be taxed more. Moreover it appears, that like Jobs thought, wealth, after certain point is redundant -and to them, it was a side effect of their pursuit of their interest. It seems despite Jobs' jabs at Gates, Gates is personally a quite normal guy, psychologically speaking -he's not the megalomaniac people kind of make him out to be sometimes. I can only hope this is over quick and does not become the medusa case that was the SCO case where you thought it was over but just kept coming back after many deathblows. Does this patent cover any gesture like patterns or circles too --or just the slider? If it's the slider only, then that's an easy hurdle to overcome. A bit pedantic, but there are a few African‡ startups wich have garnered attention from the Valley --most form South Africa though (Fundamo, Thawte, etc. A). Google has opened a tech incubator too. [ http://www.google.co.za/intl/en/umbono/index.html ] ‡Maybe you mean black Africans, but blacks are not the only Africans -there are south Asians, whites, Chinese, Arab, etc. It also says he turned conservative after that flirtation. But yeah, good read. If they bump the specs on the iMacs, those are good enough --specially taking into consideration Intel's new/upcoming processors. I know people who do FCP on iMacs. For expanded storage, you could look into iSCSI (not the best support on the mac) CIFS or NFS supporting subsystems like those from Synology. Not sure your thruput reqs, but in most cases one of those will suffice. YMMV. Either opportunistic or exploitive are appropriate -those words are not always negative, to me they also have a descriptive meaning. If they saw a trend and they took steps to fulfill the foreseen demand, it's all good. I'm sure people were happy WalMart had that in stock, rather than think 'this WalMart, they're using this hurricane in an underhanded way to sell me more poptarts'. Isn't it the case when you sympathise with someone one gives them the benefit of doubt --but when one dislikes someone one envisions the worst? 1. Imagine a good friend accused of something (ex. aggr. assault). 2. Imagine a good friend accuses someone of the same thing. If instead of Assange, the accused were a live Qaddafi, or, say the Dalai Lama, would we not see things a bit differently, in each case, due to bias? We just don't know. It's all conjecture at this point with he said, she said. I have to agree. I know it's meant to be playful and it pokes fun at the racial epithet. But, while I can't place why exactly, it just grates my ears§. One more thing. The color choices on the website seem to clash (blue, lighter blue and lime green plus black). I like the idea behind the product. I can see at least trying it out. § (dry-)erase-sheet, white-sheet, (dry-)erase-plane, plain-erase. Well, unless this was done by someone posing as Anonymous. The hostage returned with a message claiming that the kidnappers said any exposure of information resulting in the outing of a gangster would result in the demise of Anonymous 10-fold. I.e. why would Anonymous tell themselves to shut up in such a convoluted way? Agree. I know it says that you can't do anything with the data, since necessary information isn't available. But... even if its random, it is known that it is a password. So, it's feasible to build a table of known passwords, at least. I'm just theorizing. But let's say the site gets compromised for a few days/weeks and they don't find out. I like positively middle class factory produced Global knives. That said, to me, this movement is just an extension of the "Home Depot"/DIY effect --nothing more. It's not egotistical whites or egotistical Japanese who make hand-crafted goods only because they can afford to. It's people who enjoy craft for the sake of craft, rather than a show of superiority. I think they mean it's wasteful in the way having a chauffer is wasteful. (I don't agree with that contention). "Look, I have the time and money to learn a dying, inefficient art whilst you order yours thru Amazon --like everyone else. This makes me a little special." That's good to know, thanks! They really do hold their sharpness. Why are the two curves plotted at different x-axis values? One would hope the batteries (or the station) would know how much energy is stored in each battery --maybe offering a discount (credit) on the subscription if the battery is below certain energy threshold. 10% discount on a battery with 80% energy store of a new one, for example. Couldn't you say one is a known entity and one is an unknown. So Bill Nguyen vs. Make up a Name. All things being equal, who do you favor, someone for whom you know some history or someone for whom you have no history? Kpcb has historic cachet. If a venture succeeds, it's a story, if it fails it's also a story. If an unknown succeeds it's a small story‡ --if it fails it's an even smaller story (for a blog to write about). ‡Smaller b/c there's less confidence in an unknown, I think. Like an entrenched sports team with a winning history vs an upstart. Who has the fanbase (audience)? Do you think ownership was a 20th century anomaly, then? Prior to the 20th century, ownership of most real property was owned by the landed classes. And personal property was not that great for most people. Let's assume this is a viable method. Is this method scalable? It took concerted effort by many financial institutions and gov'ts in order to pull that off. And that was probably helped by the strong motivation afforded by their anti-cause. I don't see similar herculean efforts to deal with ordinary piracy, unless a framework were set-up. Would a society benefit from such a pan-national behemoth (assuming it would necessitate one)? If food is relatively cheap in the US (>7% of income) why are we so poor† at making sure everyone is fed to a certain modicum? † http://www.worldhunger.org/articles/Learn/us_hunger_facts.ht... I understand that there are people who make poor decisions. Nutrition, however, since it's so relatively cheap and one of the most basic needs, I think should have a safety net even for those who, thru their own fault, lack access to such. I know there are food programmes and soup kitchens --but those suffer from poor funding. I mean, I feel that we should make sure everyone has access to balanced nutrition (not talking gourmet --just good nutrition) regardless of why they might not be able to afford it themselves. Who said it was dying? The other article only said there was some apparent fading interest after some noticeable spikes. It didn't say it was dying. This article is a non-sequitour to the other one. A: "It looks like the clouds are gathering and it's going to rain". B: "The sky is not falling". You're right in that there has been a boon in articles about its health. However, this article was specifically addressing the article which cited HitWise data. I thought it was diversionary. How is that not common sense? If someone's dad had a company, it would be very strange if at least one of their offspring didn't join the entreprise at some point. I don't think most companies formed by the 1% are public, so it's more or less logical someone in the family would be groomed to run part of it or take over. Look at Asia where lots and lots of family run business are run this way too. It's more or less "normal". Also, to build on that. There was a time I did some grading of short essays. When I first started doing that I read through all the stuff very attentively and tried understanding everything. As time went on I later was able to get a good feel for quality and could tell if something was going to be good or not pretty efficiently. It may seem unfair, but really, over time you acquire a pretty good filter. There are probably similarities with reading through resumes. You become familiar with gauging a resume reasonably well with a few seconds or minutes of reading through them --after you've read through enough of them. It's repetition and pattern recognition, in a way. I think the failure is speculated to be caused by buggy reverse-engineered railway control systems --so not a problem with the system, but rather the implementation. Are they trying to avoid having the windows broken (to find nothing) or avoid having their tools stolen (deception -they tools are actually there)? Maybe the solution is to just leave the windows down/doors unlocked? Not sure what to do about rainy days. I imagine they have a mechanism to detect abuse? I.e. a $100 transaction broken into ten $10 transactions to avoid the fee. >>“Even though your light might be green, it may recommend you not go because there are people behaving badly that you may not be aware of,” said Jonathan How, an aeronautics and astronautics professor who co-created the algorithm." There is the possibility that this could result in more red-light running instances, if runners begin to presume there is this collision warning system. Whereas before they were "taking chances", now it'd become less "chancy". The central and northern countries which crank out the goods are in neutral and so perhaps they aren's spending as much on their vacations down south. Greece specially, accounting for 15% of GDP, is in a hole. Maybe the southern countries are less competitive vs. the central and northern Eurozone economies, this exacerbated by the Euro making Germany's exchange rate to the Euro weak while Greece's exchange rate to the Euro strong, relatively speaking. They have structural problems. They have to learn to compete on the global marketplace -not just with sandy beaches. --which is why Delis‡ traditionally give you a numbered tag. It's a single line, but you can go about and not feel "constricted" to the queue (tail). Don't forget, Frys also has a "semaphore" who cues people to the next register. ‡among many places like hospitals, information centers (DMVs), etc. Where are the isles of man, guernsey and jersey in that list of constituent "coutries"? That is, where do they fit within the kingdom? If one believes in a cause very strongly, then, when the time comes when one must stand for it or fold --for whatever reason, then taking the consequences, whatever their basis, is the natural course. It's how the status quo is changed. It's not frequent that one can effect major change without some personal cost. I think if one is looks into these kinds of disruptions and one believes in them one has to not be naive and think that disruption will have little personal consequence. One can't have one's cake and eat it too, is more of less apt for this. I'm not saying doing what he did is right or wrong --that's another debate. Belief in the righteousness of one's cause demands one put one's self aside, unselfishly and without self-promotion. One is only a vessel for the idea, at that point, rather than the raison d'estre. Maybe he was willing to allow some self-sacrifice? So instead of state agents being outed, or secrets being revealed as Assange would sacrifice for his beliefs, Gupta would allow some self sacrifice for his beliefs. For me the main take-away was the need for a more refined OWS mission. One focused on solutions rather than one focused on venting frustration and fomenting division. After the incident involving Arrington, it'd be surprised if PG had not thought about the issue in that context and had reached some conclusion at that point --even if that conclusion was simply an affirmation of his experience and what amounts to his anecdotal evidence in the applicant pool. I think there is a difference. In German States, some states stipulate business hours†. In the US (and most other places) it's up to the businesses to decide their business hours. Regarding the "supposed" part. I don't know exactly but I don't think there was some coordination or agreement between nations on who would do what. † http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shopping_hours#Germany How do they differentiate critical communication which should get thru? How would this work at a place like Amazon, for example? Even with 24hr staffing, there are some instances when the right person(s) are needed. Letting only messages marked as critical thru could lead to most off-hour massages categorized as important. I can see this working in some industries, but not all. Yes, actually the finance minister himself, Jun Azumi, said that "Japan had reached its limit in relying on debt and said he was aware the global community was watching him in light of the serious debt woes in Europe." Moreover Debt-servicing is 21.9 trillion yen, a quarter of the planned budget of 90.3 trillion -a mind bending 51% of estimated tax revenue to service debt. A full 49% of the budget will be financed by bonds. So only half the budget will be financed by taxes! He means that instead of consuming name-brand goods, they increasingly look to knock-offs or non-premium brands (instead of French and Italian, maybe Uniqlo or low-rent brands). It's not only in the consumer goods sector either. Japanese are now buying more produce from China --which tend to be cheaper. Now, it all depends, some of this choice could increase living standards (more PP) or it could decrease them (subpar goods). Yeah, this Fingleton guy, he seems to like being an antagonist. Whereas even Japanese manufacturers themselves fear a "hollowing out" of Japanese manufacturing, due in part to decreasing domestic demand and also Yen valuation[1], he says there is little to fear and presents some trade numbers to support his assertion. [1] http://www.straitstimes.com/BreakingNews/Money/Story/STIStor... "'The yen's historic rise, coupled with catch-ups by emerging nations, has caused a crisis of unprecedented industrial hollowing-out,' Yoshihiko Noda told lawmakers in his first major policy speech." and http://academic.csuohio.edu/makelaa/history/courses/his373/N... "A survey last summer for the financial newspaper Nihon Keizai Shimbun found that half of Japan's largest companies planned to increase production overseas — and 71 percent of those planned to do it in China. At the same time, in a second poll, 65 percent of people surveyed believed that imports from China threatened the Japanese economy." I think that makes sense. It'd be kind of like saying broad market indexes (averages) don't matter, for only individual stocks' have effect on stockholders' capital -ignoring indexed funds. "In a down market," for example, "the index's direction doesn't matter if you have the right stock which is going up". >I find Wikipedia to be an assortment of western media biases. That you find that I won't contest. I'd point out that one might also see local biases in non-western language wikipedia articles. So to me, that point is kind of tangential. I'd rather say that everything has some inherent bias, rather than couching it as wikipedia having an especially (western) bias, as if other sources could be bias-free. The PD in question also bars people who fall below a given test result threshold. They seem to seek a "sweetspot" where they're smart enough to be valuable additions to the force and not be easily outsmarted by a average people but not so smart they grow bored and quit thus costing the dept time and money. >This is similar to the right of free press, which belongs only to those who own one. Didn't it also speak to being able to hire a press (i.e. get someone to run a print for you) to avoid something like "thou shalt not print any materials concerning x, y or z on behalf of a, b or c." I'm curious about one thing. If it's a human right in France, it would appear to be an alienable right, given some conditions, such as the "three strikes" (HADOPI) law[1], which seeks to address copyright infringement, allows for suspension of internet access for violations. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HADOPI_law I found his moral section on security interesting: "...The acts performed by these kids are vandalism at best and probably trespass and theft at worst. It is only the inadequacy of the criminal code that saves the hackers from very serious prosecution." and "I have watched kids testifying before Congress. It is clear that they are completely unaware of the seriousness of their acts. There is obviously a cultural gap. The act of breaking into a computer system has to have the same social stigma as breaking into a neighbor's house." So while interested in trusted code and security, he was also interested in criminal penalties for unauthorized access to computer systems. Of course, it's an unstoppable force and the metaphor with the real world is tenuous --it's just an interesting take. The digital realm does introduce remoteness[1] too though -and there isn't the possibility of immediate repercussions (as one can find in the physical world). Additionally, the number of people who trespass digital properties are very few, relatively speaking and could be compared to scofflaws, drunk drivers, etc. but, and this is the big but, their impact is asymmetrical. They can have an effect on large numbers of people. Despite that, I do agree that culture can be changed in a generation. [1] It's impersonal and removed. During the age of conquest Spain was able to extract natural resources (such as minerals), but for the most part, Britain, Portugal, France benefitted from the trade with their colonists --not trade with new world peoples. I think it could be argued that this reliance on natural resources by Spain, contrasted with commerce favored by Britain, for example, resulted in the slow decline of imperial power by Spain. I think by the 1800s, Spain had pretty much ceased to be economically relevant vis-a-vis the more commerce oriented Empires of the time. A crude analogy would be China selling to their diaspora outside China proper. >Men have spent centuries using this kind of argument to deny women equal rights in all sorts of fields. Over the last century we've seen tons of evidence that this isn't true elsewhere, so why should it be true in software? True. But are underrepresented groups being actively denied access as was the case in the example above? Apple and oranges. Not saying there isn't a problem, just saying it's a different problem. I think in this case more passive cultural than active cultural problem. There are imbalances everywhere. Line cooks. Where are the women line cooks? Photography. Where are the women in professional photography -how many women street photographers do we know, other than Vivian Maier? Where are the straight people in fashion? I think, at least in some cases, there is self selection going on. Different airports have different pluralities of ethnicities doing lots of the service work. SFO is different from JFK is different from BOS, in that regard. I agree with you. Not sure about the "unnatural" qualifier though. That presumes an active agent present. What can be done. I think that's difficult. It has to be something pervasive, insidious in the culture. Via TV, internet, radio, entertainment, education, propagated by not only peers but all via all media. Everywhere. There needs to cease the archetyping of human roles. Something on that scale could happen, but it would take a generation or two. Kind of like the deprogramming of National socialism in Germany, or deprogramming of Religion in (soviet) Russia. 100% success isn't necessary, just enough to overcome the momentum or steady state. Very vast, very pervasive with both incentives and punishment. Piecemeal I don't think would result in fast enough turn-around in attitude. To me the problem is cultural. It's not men or women, it's the whole body of the culture which results in the skewed numbers. As much as writing a novel is just writing sentences with correct syntax. And Mexican is the demonym for people from... The United States of Mexico. Likewise, a New Yorker can be someone from the state of New York, or someone from the City of New York. Besides. Geologically/geographically there isn't one huge American Continent. There are two land masses. The North American continent in which North Americans live and the South American continent where South Americans live. In that respect it's like the Eurasian continent. No one from the European and Asian continents call themselves Eurasian. There is a term 'Eurasian' but that's for people of mixed heritage. Basically, the parent poster is tilting at windmills. Speeding isn't a criminal offense. It's an infraction of the vehicle code. Yeah, MUNI(cipal railways) of SF, which uses a kind of honor system for buses and above ground LRVs, have a fare evasion rate of 15 to 30%, based on MTA estimates. http://missionlocal.org/2009/08/muni-fare-beaters-slapped-wi... Local activists typically lobby against enforcement as they interpret it as targeting a vulnerable population. On the other hand, MUNI is running a deficit. But if you consider the honor box a suggested donation box, is that a business, still? The sales tax is likely included in the dollar amount. Like when you are quoted 3.99/gallon of fuel. That price includes a number of taxes built in. We (well, specifically, I) don't know if DC requires permits for re-selling food-stuff. We do not know if he is on the level, were they to require such. It probably depends on how much revenue is produced by each location. Just as sidewalk Lemonade stands don't require permits, in most locales. Anyhow, all that is speculative, unless you have facts. Ethics. I think you are getting into relative ethics. If someone else goes against ethics, does it grant me a waiver to act unethically? >OP's 'minimalism' is sustained by a reliance upon huge amounts of infrastructure, most of it environmentally unsustainable. That's true. On the other hand it's there. All that infrastructure wasn't installed for his use exclusively. So, yes, I agree he's just moving the ownership from personal to distributed corporate/community. It's somewhat comparable to playing lose with accounting rules and moving money into off-shore banks. But, even homeless people utilize what is out there for them to use -like shopping carts, fast food restaurants, etc. I'ts not as though they become wilderness foragers. >OP outsources the burden of sustaining his lifestyle to people poorer and browner than himself. That's a bit of unnecessary inflammatory dressing. He (or someone else) could have easily done the same thing in China, or Finland or South Korea or Greece. Or, similarly, someone brown could have done similar. Not all browns over the world are destitute, as one might portray. This is off-topic, but, if as a society the goal were to put less stress on resources there are two alternatives: either individually consume less or, have fewer consumers. Neither alternative seems compatible with the prevalent economic model --see Japan's stagnation in a nation which is neither growing its population and where the current population has decreased its 'consumerism'. Still, ZPG or near ZPG seems to be in disfavor as a way to ease pressure on resources. With regard to the OP. it would seem, at least marginally, relying on the machine rather than on personal ownership is more resource efficient. And, yes, as others pointed out, minimalism, is a pretty malleable term. The captions under the numbers on the graphic in the PDF are way too small. Even zoomed in 800% they're barely readable. I just wonder why they didn't say it was made up -a joke with no basis in reality. Just some poetic license. Would that be worse than admitting/pretending they actually saw a file called cat.jpg? If there was such a file, it could have been a JPG for catalog of some kind, etc. I think they are responding to people's first expectations and that there was actually a file with the image of a cat. I doubt it and think it was just an attempt at being funny which backfired and they felt they had to take responsibility for the perceived breach of trust and that any other explanation, even if truthful would have been seen as a weak excuse. Not necessarily. There are long term trends, cyclical trends, write-offs, etc. I don't see how one can look at a single indicator, profits, and then have insight into detail. It's a rather tenuous assertion. I know what you are saying, but I think this is the line of thought content owners realize too. I think it's because of that facility that they are seeking more effective methods of mitigating the proliferation non-authorized distribution of copyrighted material. Many people are arguing the same thing. Access to unauthorized distribution of copyrighted material is trivial. Their methods at controlling the floodgates are ineffective. They quite realize that and that's why they're attempting to have congress pass a blunt tool. They want to have a control mechanism which is as easy for them to use as it is for people to find illegal content. I don't thin they're going to get it, but I believe that's the motivation behind their efforts. They want some symmetry. I think that's not an accurate characterization of the Hollywood entertainment industry. Unless I'm misunderstanding you, I don't agree that they're not about movies. They are about movies and TV-shows. If if were not of the existence of those, then there would be no need, in their eyes, for distribution control. What would they be controlling, an idea factory? If they were only channel and no content, they'd have nothing of value to safeguard. Their reason to exist would cease to be. If Hollywood were _only_ distribution channel, they would have long been disrupted and rendered irrelevant. Their distribution _is_ actively being disrupted by the likes of Apple, Amazon and Netflix --but not the product, so much. They are slowly accepting that they have to acknowledge this new distribution type. On the other hand, Netflix is beginning to create original content --that's not going through the old Hollywood channels, so that's a start to the content production disruption. We'll have to see how that unfurls. In addition, I don't agree with the "mass-produced" qualifier. Each production is not mass produced or stamped out. Each movie (of which there may be ~500/year, and TV episode are unique productions. The qualifier mass-produced brings me visions of millions of identical, easily reproduced productions -I think the attrition rate of new shows and movie flops attest to the difficulty in producing viable content. If you meant they were destined for mass-consumption, then yes. But that's altogether different. >Destroying Hollywood would not destroy ability for entertainers to entertain. If anything it would probably increase the ability for an entertainer to entertain. How does that follow? No one needs to follow Hollywood as it is. Anyone can create and post their product on their personal site or Youtube etc. What Hollywood gives artists is a great vehicle. No one needs to use that vehicle. People are free to act in local productions, etc. Besides, I think there are at least two kinds of artists, ones who do it for the joy/love and others who do it for fame/recognition. The latter would likely feel out of place in new environment where they were not widely known. I admit, that's my impression, and not based on any study or such. It feels almost as if people would wish that artists/actors, etc. would return to a time of travelling acts like vaudeville shows. Those people barely made ends meet. A modern, technologically enhanced version of this, but still. >It's not up to PG, me, Ben Parr or anyone else to decide what is best for the people, it is up to the people decide what is best for them. Any projected funded by YC will only succeed to the degree that it provides a better experience to consumers. This I agree with. I think what they try to avoid is anthropomorphization. It's not a good idea to make assumptions that assume human-like characteristics -else we end up with cartoons. It's not to say that animals are incapable, but such assumptions cannot be made without the insight being held suspect. How is that any different from a private citizen saying, "Those who count on the elderly for support need to understand we'll be watching very carefully who's going to stand up for MedicAid when their jobs are at stake"? Bribery is, "Hey congressperson, I've got twenty thousand dollars that are yours if you change ordinance code to allow alcohol to be served at local gas stations." Usually the FBI is very keen to find corrupt politicians, so if there is a whiff, and for all we know, there might be in this case, but we don't know yet, they'll pursue it. Here's a partial list: http://www.topix.com/forum/world/russia/TTEIUECQCP1EGDHCL It's not always clear-cut, but my understanding is that there needs to be an implication of a promise of direct action as a result of exchange of goods, money, services, etc. In India they do it with technology. Far form proven but they might get better at this. A case. http://www.technovelgy.com/ct/Science-Fiction-News.asp?NewsN... The tech. http://www.forensic-centre.com/assessments/brainwave-profili... It depends. Attorneys and lawyers can and do take cases representing opposing sides all the time (from one case to the next). It's pretty much a requirement they be able to represent their employer (without personal bias, etc.) It's what allows them to defend indefensible people like, say, murderers --it's not that the lawyer believes in murder, but they are paid by someone to represent the murderer, for example. So, unless we think they are acting as moles in the DoJ, I don't see much issue with it, unless they have a conflict of interest such as being an investor in the industry or the like. >I'm wondering what the legal ramifications might be if you set a secondary key that would wipe the drive Destruction of evidence. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spoliation_of_evidence That's an interesting link. The email subjectline keywords are intersting. Almost all are commerce related: travel, save, prices, markdowns, store, itunes, department, etc. As if personal email is small minority of their email traffic. >You can sue the accountant (he had a duty to you) That's how I see it. They're probably under better legal standing suing MU over gross fiduciary misconduct, etc. I left in 2006 for two years. As a foreigner in East Asia, it felt freer in some ways. But I think that was a combination of one, perception and two, getting breaks as a foreigner. Foreigners are given slack because they aren't expected to know the small details of whats accepted and not. They expect we know the big goods and bads but not the small ones. And then there was perception --just not being aware of what was allowed and not. I do recall people telling me that mocking the president was not allowed. Anyhow, I'm back and I feel ok. It could be better, idealistically, I suppose, but it's not as bad as it would seem, vis a vis other places. >Find people around you app. This might be true in NAm. In other parts of the earth, it might be different. There are different cultural barriers and different things which are considered "normal" for meeting new people. I'm sure "dating" sites are working on ways to integrate this feature into their offering. Or, let's say, find 5 other people around me who want to play some 3 on 3 basketball, or a squash partner, whatever. >Coupon / Daily deals Again, true in the US market. Other markets might be ripe for a newcomer. For example, a team in SAfrica could develop something to fit the local market. >Online Dating Sites. Sites, yes. But there's still room for innovation. It's far from perfect. >Book Exchanges for colleges True. Will there be any physical books in the long run anyway? >Apps that create Apps Ok. Since Domino/Notes was one of the first enterprise apps supporting strong encryption --except for pre-2000 export restrictions, I wonder what internal email systems are the most frequently compromised when we see these leaks. I'm I getting this right? He's basically disappointed SV is attacking this problem with the methods they understand best? I don't see how one woud expect SV-type startups to adress maths education without leveraging their strength --which is in computing. I would expect experts in education to use other more pedagogical approaches. It's like going on about a carpenter who wants to approach a problem with wood in mind. I think they could simplify it. Everyone who pays for fare gets: 200lb‡ allotment (person + luggage) If person only (no luggage) they are assumed to come under the 200lb limit, even if they don't -as this will average out with others weighing less. People with luggage are weighed and any overage is paid for at the counter. ‡ 200 assumes that men might weigh on ave 180-ish, women 150-ish. Here's where women make back what they pay in haircuts. Not necessarily. If it's a portable device, they may be able to take it home (practically the default, if you're issued a laptop). Employer at that point (in the home) cannot prevent you from visiting any such site as you're doing it on your time. I suppose they could have a clause preventing you from visiting FB (or any other site) at any time from a work-provided device, but that's unlikely. On my first pass I read the title as "Kim Jung UnDead?" Zombie Kim? One of the main issues to me is that these things keep getting imagined in a vacuum, a place where logic reigns and technology as as perfect as its imagined. For example this: >Neighborhoods will be designed differently and all City planning departments will have to rethink their jobs. This is not much different than today. But, at the same time, you could imagine that sentence to imply vast change. (remind me of the cold reading article the other day) And: >One thing I’m not saying is that we will have 2 billion more people unemployed. Rather we will be forced to rethink the whole process of job creation, and we will need to do that very quickly. How is it that this will be true in 2030 but ALSO happen very quickly? And: >Working closely with the inventor community, I’ve had the unusual opportunity to see breakthrough technologies at the formative stages, and there are several around the edges that are now reaching the boiling point. I mean, it's great to have enthusiasm, but c'mon. We've heard these things over and over --something could finally work out, but the odds are against those techs being the silver bullet in Coal/Petroleum/Nuclear. Lead bullets, yes. But those take many decades. I mean, optimism is great, but I think he's gone overboard and kind of forgot a bit of skepticsm. Here's a mid-rise made from shipping containers: http://www.citycenterlofts.net/ And homes: http://zerocabin.com/ Pretty impressive, given the basic template they're made from. Juniper Networks seems to agree to some extent on that claim: http://www.juniper.net/us/en/security/ They cite lax submission process, lack of code signing, and review process. Sure it's a bit-self serving, but I don't imagine they're that far off in their assessment. >Looks like you'd still need a fair bit of structural steel to support that citycenterlofts building That's likely, to conform to building code. Still, they stack those things full of goods 7-8 high on shipping vessels. The copy reads: "Let your users upload photos in your app from any of their favorite photo services..." Should that be _into_ your app? If they're already in the app, what's the need for uploading? One noticeable thing, tho not jarring, is how the window panels have vanishing points but the bars (cross) do not. Something interesting to me is how the Windows 1 logo looks like the old ethernet 10base2 icon. A bit ahead of its time, in that sense --I don't think windows 1 was networkable. > If you're fat or skinny, beautiful or ugly, rich or poor, you're going to get shit on, berated, harassed, and so on, at some time or another. I think it's just about disagreement and in order to empower themselves the attackers vilified and demonized the developer. It's not so different from the way people will vilify (rightly or wrongly) an entity like the RIAA or a country such as Libya or a profession such as law, or a person such as any ex-president. It's easier to disagree with someone who's been vilified beyond recognition, rather than have a discussion on the factual data. I think this is what's happened here. The humanity of this person was removed and reduced to repugnant caricature which made it easier to pile on the fun. Yes, people do this every day. It's not right, but it's human nature. Still, that's not a reason to ignore the issue. It's probably related to or one of the reasons why women avoid tech. Those who pursue it have to be so steadfast that they can survive all the sexism and ridicule. The closest men come to this is straight male on straight male sexual harassment. http://www.thedailybeast.com/newsweek/2010/01/12/abuse-of-po... Saying that the suspended accounts were "unfavorable to Sarkozy" and that's the reason for suspension is stretching the truth --it politicizes something. Claiming it's Censorship (gov't) rather than censorship (non-gov'tal) appears to be untrue. I don't see where it was the French gov't which came down on Twitter. Twitter seems to have a policy against impersonation. They make a call and that's about it. If you were to impersonate my Twitter account, I doubtt Twitter would care. If you were impersonate someone of notoriety (where lots of people could be influenced on misinformation) they probably would take action. That would seem very reasonable to me. >BTW, other candidates to the election still have active fake accounts. Have they informed Twitter and has then Twitter failed to take action on that complaint? >Although Twitter did not take action for quite a while. Had Twitter received a complaint and not acted on it, or did they act on the complaint in a reasonable time-frame? >They must have been waiting for the french elections, because they care so much about that... Whoever is in charge of "media" by the personality in question (a French politician) probably didn't scour for impersonators till the campaign was ramping up, is my guess. I mean, sure, there could be conspiracies. Maybe the French gov't made a deal with Twitter --who knows, I don't. Still, attributing malice where none is evident and it's all conjecture is not helping any. There seem to be simpler explanations. But don't they realize that then this gets baked-in in people's expectations. I.e. when they say 5% people know to adjust accordingly and think, oh 10%, and so on. Short term this might work, but long-term (year or more) it becomes useless. Sure. But does their wrongdoing absolve him of criminality? It's irrelevant. In any case: Some murderers are never caught/indicted (lack of reliable incriminating evidence, etc.), some murderers get to plea bargain, some murderers are cheered (say one of them kills a worse murderer). Justice is not perfect. It probably cannot be, unless it's ever automated and people's calculus being eliminated from "judgement". But then that system would likely be labelled as "cold" and uncompassionate. Sure, lots of it is political too. That's part of the imperfection. I'm not sure there is a significant country where politics do not enter the justice system --even in China where, while it's single party ruled, a bureaucrat can overturn any provincial "mistake". Lots of corruption occurs, never mind Italy and Japan --where all you have to do is "repent and bow" for forgiveness. If you want people like those in AIG jailed, you'll need to have laws passed which could be applied to their behavior. I hear you. There is a beef. But what does it have to do with dotcom's doings? (I would like to see some of those people in Jail too, btw.) It's like me complaining I get a jay-walking ticket while someone else blows a red light. I mean, there is no connection between the two. Sure, my complaint is legitimate, but irrelevant to my getting a jay-walking ticket. That was my main point. Launchy does something like that. http://www.launchy.net/ Cross-platform and all. For a group, that would take lots of discipline. Not impossible, but not very likely. Even Feds, Chinese and Israeli "teams" suffer unwanted leaks --and these are trained people. People who go thru psychological profiling, shaping, and get reminded by the bureaucracy probably on a frequent basis. It's hard for me to imagine a loose-knit group being able to pull this disciple off long-term. So what would happen if they had a wire mesh (chicken wire, for example) for the background? An interruption in the wire mesh pattern would indicate an anomaly. They could change up the pattern every so often to thwart any attempt to match the pattern --even if it woud be difficult to match up. Isn't the psychology half the battle? You need to convince people there exists a reasonable effort to provide some sort of security --even if it's more psychological security than not. In addition, as others have pointed out it's also to filter against known (easily replicated) attacks. I mean, that psychologically, it's like a placebo. While it may or may not actually prevent anything that people believe it does is what's important. Somewhat similar to crosswalk buttons which don't actually provide jumping the change of traffic light phase queue. The term Security Theater sounds dismissive and implies there is no actual benefit. It seems in the least debatable to me. I would argue making people feel safer (or comfortable) to fly is a benefit they are willing to trade in for whatever might happen. They have nothing to lose. If they don't do the "theatrics" people might choose to fly less due to a perceived lack of security effort. So, in the meantime, while the theatrics maintain a semblance of security, the airline industry gets the benefit of doubt. Once the bubble is burst, that'd be another issue. Still, I think people will rationalize it as "well, we got X years use out of the system." Out of curiosity, what _do_ you think has accounted for the safety record? Obviously you don't believe the theater has helped. At the same time I don't believe that people (AQ) have not been plotting against transportation assets. I would ask, why would they abandon that path, if they thought the theater was just theater? Are there other mechanisms keeping them at bay? Additionally, even if the theater contributed nothing to security and all the heavy lifting was accomplished by other means -intel, profiling, whathaveyou, the theater would act as a signal to travelers that something was being done. It would be the customer-facing expression of the work being done behind the scenes --a kind of proxy so that what's actually being done --methods and so forth could remain opaque. That may be so. Where I live, in SF, they make no difference (there are seconds indicators on the crosswalks --they do not change at the pressing of the button). Nor does pressing them at a crosswalk in the stop phase change normal traffic light phase change. Here is some info: http://youarenotsosmart.com/2010/02/10/placebo-buttons/ Next time, before they taunt, they should think about setting up a honeypot. I mean, might as well try to get something out of the deal. Yeah, this sounds really good. Unlike incandescent lights which heat up their surroundings via heat dissipation, this one would cool its surroundings via heat absorption and conversion to light. Ok, so what does that mean? MU had large numbers of people who used it legitimately and illegitimately. Did those large numbers of DOJ/Senators belong to the former or latter camp? From the article itself, while not conclusive, seems to hint that those might have been legitimate users (MU's justification for existing). The reason for their takedown was the illegitimate use. I don't see a contradiction. I see irony. It seems more like a "gotcha"/linkbait headline than incriminating, as the "oh, snap" might suggest. What would an analogous solution form Music look like? Labels which only offer their music (song catalogs) as a service, thus requiring a listener to subscribe to their service (and multiple services if one enjoyed music from artists belonging to different labels)? Maybe someone could offer a platform for musicians to undercut (cut-out) the label middle-person. One would still likely see multiple direct to consumer music platforms --many requiring some kind of subscription service? There could be a free service which would be subsidized or supported via advertising. The solutions above could all be undermined by people recording the music and saving them locally. One can't easily "save" Google services locally and get the same benefit out of them. I mean, one could make a good effort, but the result would require much effort that is beyond the tolerance of most people, I think. >Recordings have only existed for barely more than a century. Musical performers survived long before and will survive long after. True. But that's saying the future is the past? That's not so much transformation, as devolution. I was trying to think how they would transform into the future, not "can they survive by looking back". Live performances, I think, would create a strange situation where the listening was scheduled to the artist's performance, rather than being on my (on-demand) schedule. Even if I could schedule it to fit into my time, what about someone else in a different time zone. What woud I do about curating songs into a moody sequence? My take on the musical profession, before the advent of recordings was that it was more a matter of survival, for most musicians --even good ones. That is to say, they barely survived on their musical income. That's not unlike lots of amateur musicians, but the difference is there was no "up" unless you were a virtuoso performing for a royal, or something similar. I would like for musicians to still be able to make a decent living from their art. Not necessarily millionaires (alto not against that). >That's roughly spotify's business model, isn't it? Yes. Would we (everyone/most) be comfortable with that model being the predominant, perhaps only model? Perhaps. Not sure. Maybe the new CEO is just looking for some attention? >...it's not French you need to learn, it's Canadian French. It's not Spanish you need to learn, it's... Is that level necessary? It's not as if a Qubequois would _not_ understand Standard French, or that a Cuban would not understand standard Spanish/Castillian. At least, I would hope it's not like that. It would be as if we'd need some translation to understand British English (coming from NAm). There is a bit getting used to an accent and some lexicon, but nothing that isn't overcome within a few interactions (with some exceptions). >Do you have a reason for not looking back? I don't find platitudes such as "devolution" to be in any way compelling to discount going to what worked. Nothing concrete. But here are my thoughts. I don't think artists nor people who enjoy music would be easily convinced of having to enjoy music the way people used to over a century ago. No time shifting (for listening); Relatively low income (for the artists). In other words the solution to the problem imposes greater problems (in my view) than it solves. >I don't see why you think performing is a way in which musicians can't make a decent living. Beside superbands, how would unknown artists develop a following without the groundswell usually provided by broadcast media? I'm sure Byonce, U2, Madonna, Springsteen and Bieber would keep doing well in a concert only economy. how would unknown bands develop that following if there is no way to sample them before going to a concert? It's not as if music is the only entertainment in town (as may have been the case 100+ years ago). >...Then, thinking about it a little deeper, we do need at least 3x as many spots as cars (one at home at night, one at work during the day, one to get groceries or go out to dinner in the evening....) But you're not parked at those other places 24hrs/day. So really, it doesn't need to be 3x. It's greater than 1x (closer to 2x) but should not be near 3x. People don't all decide at a given time "Let's all go to the mall" or "Let's all go to the grocery store." A small percentage of people at any given time decide to do one of these things. On a given day, if I stay home from work, I will see cars streetside. So even home plus work does not equal 2x. BTW, in the article I don't know if they meant "parking stalls in lots" or "parking spaces". The latter to me, would include more inventory. Specially loved are trees which spray/release resin. Not according to this finding by the UK Govt: http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-15351357 "But Sir Scott's 486-page report finds: "In our opinion, there is no significant difference between the probable cause test and the reasonable suspicion test." "There is no practical difference between the information submitted to and from the United States." Well, it could be an in-house attorney. I think you're right. Something like banknote paper --maybe not the same, but in that direction. In some places, I've heard, banknotes are steamed and pressed as they are recirculated, so they look like new. And something similar happened to Jon Hamm (Madmen) recently too (claiming to have played catch with Roger Clemens when Clemens had already graduated from this schol). http://www.nydailynews.com/blogs/iteam/2012/03/mad-men-star-... They are also asking the facilities to turn off their overhead lighting as well --which presumably is not billed. Moreover, since most would be fluorescent, the amount of energy wasted would be minimal compared to equipment. They do --but with the camera & video equipment available today, unless they search people before they enter facilities and confiscate, it's more of a gentleperson's agreement that people will not take surreptitious photos of others' equipment. >I assume google owns their own data centres, and even if not, its highly likely they would negotiate on points like this with the owner for price. The Article is specifically talking about space Google rents in other data enters. It would appear they are more sensitive to losing competitive advantage than a few dollars in energy savings I haven't seen them since the immediate weeks after 9/11. But I did see them in Frankfurt and CDG _before_ 9/11. So in some countries it's quite routine to have (para)military personnel guarding airports. In the Us it seems to be the exception. I haven't seen any recently. From time to time I've read articles about the dearth of (semi)skilled workers in machining, exploration, etc. Factories clamor for skilled workers. The pay isn't bad either. IIRC, 60-80k/year is not unusual. And if people are willing to move to ND and join the oil shale rush, apparently unskilled workers can pull in low six figures. I recall an anecdote of a truck driver who lost his job. He entered some program which would teach him some skills to make him marketable (something like welding). He quit midway through because he said it didn't fit his lifestyle of freedom (ir something to that effect). It kind of struck me as odd and somewhat selfish. I mean, I recall taking on really crappy jobs (like at oil change places) when I could not get anything better. I didn't like it. Yeah, it cramped my style, but it helped me get thru college and eventually university. >it is a lot easier to be accidentally killed by a hand gun than a plastic supermarket bag. How many accidental gunshots vs. how many accidental incidents of accidental suffocation caused by supermarket bags? Bags killed over 2000 infants btwn 1980 and 1997. Accidental firearm deaths about 1000/year. So, you are right. But it's not as though accidental bag suffocation is insignificant and brushed aside as minimal. I was surprised with Chico, CA's high median price for used cars. I don't think it's too outlandish to expect people who work on building a product to buy the brand of product they help manufacture. Imagine Google engineers NOT using GMail --or, rather, avoiding GMail. Exceptions for studying the competition and all. Imagine the pressure form colleagues. "Yeah, I work at Google, of course, but I prefer to use Hotmail. I don't even have a GMail account". It's their version of dog-fooding it. Albeit, one with greater bottom line involved. Good question. I hope they keep innovating and serving all clients rather than it being a competitive advantage move for Amazon itself as an in-house robotics developer. This trend of using Apple as a metonym for the world's outsourced manufacturing is getting tiresome. It's not as though Apple is the only one, or contracts to produce the majority of the output. I'm not an Apple apologist and they AND everyone else, should be taken to task. But it's a little to easy to always say Apple (and not Samsung and Haier and HTC and Motorola, etc.) Also, this may or may not change what someone knows about manufacturing practices in China. I guess that depends on what one knows or knew at the time of hearing mr. Daisey. I was under the impression that Japan securities firms were a bit behind in the HFT arena (that could just be a misimpression). Or would this be for foreign branches in Tokyo? I also expected to see more up-down, up-down movement from the on-board video (with respect to ground) to coincide with the power strokes. While one may agree or disagree with Sarko, I think the personal history of Mr DSK would ague against this having been a "set-up". The CIA, MI6 and all the other covert organs can't do someone as heinous as Assad but on the other hand they can at will, just pull framed rapes and crazy whackos killing and terrorizing people to create a desired result? It reeks of "wanting to believe" as much as a balding man with a hot partner will "want to believe" the partner is not cheating when all the signs out there are signaling cheating. I think the perception is that Apple is driving this innovation, rather than taking advantage of the technology trends everyone else is also aware of. It seems what happens is while every systems vendor is aware of new technology developments and all are, to one extent or another, preparing ways to take advantage of new technology availability, the perception is that Apple know what technology to hop on and take to market successfully --the other vendors appear to always be caught flat footed. The others also have products (in the lab, at least) and are not "behind" technologically, but are behind applying the technology successfully in their product portfolio. I meant in a way that was not traceable back to them --or traceable back to any state secret agency. You're right, if you mean they could, using any means --such as a recognizable drone. What I mean is, if they supposedly could pull off something like this crazy guy (in this case fall guy, if we are believe the conspiracy) why would they not pull the same to get rid of a problem in the ME --who just about everyone but Russia and china want gone? The whole article reads very conspiratorially. A whole series of stars have to align just right to pull things off --and they do, if we take the article's hints. It's a whole lot of supposition and reading into after the fact. >>the two men high-five each other, clap their hands... People high-five for al sorts of reasons not related to what they are actually doing at the moment. "Hey, by the way, that date I taked to you about --yeah, it went off really well last night". That kind of unrelated stuff. >the duty officer at the Accor Group in Paris… sent a bizarre e-mail to… the head of an environment and public health agency, claiming credit for “bringing down” DSK Again. Anyone could claim anything. People brag about things they never did frequenlty -spec. when they find out about something they are excited about. It in and by itself is not evidence of anything conspiratorial. This is really like a "The Globe" article. Full of supposition and innuendo --nothing concrete, but nothing quite provably wrong --just improbable. It's unbelievable that they (whomever they are) could coordinate this whole thing in secrecy but then go on to do and say stupid things to bring things to light. It's like they're really smart and really dumb at the same time. It's an unlikely scenario --but not impossible. To put it succinctly, when I hear people laughing, they're probably not laughing at me. If they don't invalidate SW patents, maybe an option would be to limit the protection to say, 3 years? This would allow for some patents to be relevant, if companies thought it was worth their while. But, given the limited (time of) protection, most would probably decide it was not a great business strategy --such that it would specially make SW Patent Trolls unviable. True. There will be losers in this equation, but equally, there will be winners (the SW economy, at large). In that particular example, they came into the market before the SW side of the economy had matured as much as it has today. At present it's a much more mature and dynamic economy. Given the rate of change, 3 or even 5 years, night be a viable compromise. >a fake rape accusation is about as easy as it gets. And yet, if it had really been planned, it appears they would have made lots of mistakes. I would think it would be much easier just to take someone out than it is to do this kind of alleged framing. Framing involves too many variables and too many lose ends. Taking someone out, I imagine, is a lot cleaner, from a plan execution Pov. >It's hardly improbable. People have used sex for blackmail, intelligence gathering, and character assassination for thousands of years. Yeah, the thing is, you are comparing two very different things. I implied that the whole series of events ending in framing, as it unfolded, was improbable --not that framing in itself was improbable. That's a strawman. DSK had enough stuff in his closet that this kind of framing is unnecessary. I know the French are ok with politicians and their peccadilloes. He seems to have had a penchant for this behavior --moreso than say, Mitterand. >an international figure denied bail, put under grand jury investigation, and in court two days after being arrested France does not have extradition. So if he eventually was asked to come in for trial, he could have chosen to halt extradition and France would have complied as they do not extradite. It's not that strage a stance given that. So what if he's an international figure? He goes thru the process like any other suspect in a credible rape allegation. Europeans are somewhat used to politicians given some extra slack when it comes to these things --but here he was just another guy who allegedly raped a maid. I think the title is misleading. It's not so much about the fasted adopted gadget but rather fastest adopted consumer technology. Gadget connotes a single device --like a Kinect, iPhone or Garmin GPS. Isn't one of the issues not about obtaining passwords but rather being pressured into befriending the (prospective) employer's representative/HR person? Allowing them to trawl thru your wall and so on... Because while that part of the law is not unpredictable, the rest of the events rely on too many variables any of which could fail. Why go thru such Goldbergian process to discredit some politician. It's overly complicated. The result of this kind of alleged "framing" isn't even guaranteed -see Berlusconi. On the other hand, if they had access to his communication, why not simply plant some illicit information or files on his systems. Files could be stuff like banking schemes, fraud, anything you can think of which could cause concern. Another option is to set him up as a source for leaks of some monumental kind. If we believe his claims, his systems had been infiltrated. So why not take advantage of that? Instead hope he finds the maid desirable (he so much agrees there was sex), hope the maid is believed and there isn't a delay in her reporting the crime and the crime being reported (forwarded to police), hope DSK does not get on the plane on time (hope he keeps his lunch appointment, hope the police do not defer to an IMF bank head, etc. It's really flimsy supposition. It's not as though it was long term "grooming". It was very spontaneous kind of arrangement. How can any one find this probable? It's just very unlikely. Here's the deal. I find the allegation that it was a set-up highly improbable. I thus don't believe it. You choose to think it's in the realm of likely probability -we differ. Scandal? Get some composite pictures of him on his Ipad whatever, of him having sex with dogs and Eastern European white-slave hookers. Do it in Paris. Maybe they could have the last few inches made of a rubberized/plastic material which would slide over a lip (to ensure a seal for suction). This tip would allow flexibility and would also avoid painful accidental biting on metal. Another Romance language I found out about that exists unexpectedly in Eastern Europe is Aromanian. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aromanian_language Most other Romance languages are regional languages in a Major romance language dominated area (such as Occitan/French, Catalan/Spanish). This one, on the other hand, is a romance language surrounded by Slavic and Greek languages. How is it wasteful? Unlike most novelties, this one is actually useful, no? I have not ordered, but it seems that one can actually make use of the rolls as one would a normal roll. I think there was a study (do not know if it had agenda or was neutral) that indicated that most of the disparity was attributable to socio-economic status rather than culture. That is to say that general knowledge spread btwn cultures (ethnicities) was less pronounced than non-culture based tests (such as abstract concepts). Again, I don't know how valid that conclusion was. I think in this case they are using "best" to mean "effective" as in "will work as advertised". Rather than the more subjective "best" overall. >There is also the complicating factor of single-parent or broken homes and the rol[e] that plays in a child's lack of overall intellectual development. This also correlates to income and geographic area (i.e. innercity versus urban environment). I may not be understanding your argument properly, but doesn't IQ _try_ to measure intellectual development? I understand cultural bias being problem and that makes sense --but this doesn't make sense to me. "The problem with measuring intelligence is it measures intelligence?" What difference does the lack of intellectual development have to do with whether it was genetic, educational, physiological, mental, etc? The first time I read it, I also had that interpretation. On subsequent reading, it does seem like copy meant a copy that is not the original. Not so much, "the only copy in existence". Suffice it to say, I was sufficiently confused as well. >They were rare when the average age of death was like 30. When lots of people died before their first birthday‡, the average age being thirty meant that lots of people who made it past their first birthday would live longer than thirty. ‡Estimates vary from 30 to 50% rate, in the old world. This looks like a recurring fiverr.com type service (whereas Fiverr is more one-time). Am I mistaken? I'm beginning to feel the style is a bit overwrought. Once in a while, it's ok. I feel as though the style is. Wing overused. Just personal preference I guess. Personally, I think it would look less obtrusive if they were built with lenses in the frame (ie. otherwise functional glasses) to make them look more normal. Except one side would have a little extra display area and camera. I think they also need to balance out the weight difference so that one side is not heavier than the other, even if it's just "ballast" counterweight. In other words, camoed into existing aesthetic rather than something overly different which stands out. It reads more "geeky" than "cool", as they are. Of course, that could change. I used to think people talking into wires dangling from their faces was really odd in the beginning, but then everyone started doing it and it seemed normal after a while. Santana Row, in SJ, CA has theirs mapped in Bing, already, so presumably, it's not problematic, if the mall agrees. http://binged.it/Hm8eN5 Or Roosevelt Field Mall, in NY http://binged.it/I5TEGS I feel it more a mutualistic (symbiotic?) relationship. If it were not, I believe people would abandon the platform --which they may, at soem point when something else proves more beneficial to them. Kind of like gut fauna --but more optional than gut fauna. Parasitic, seems a bit strong --but I guess, to make a point, the analogy kind of works --just not for me. If I had an interesting/insightful story to tell I would probably avoid sounding like an infomercial. It's a turn-off for me. sorry. In the US there are one-party states and there are two-party states. http://www.callcorder.com/phone-recording-law-america.htm If you call someone in a two-party state from a one party state, as far as I can tell, you are in the clear; some require notification. Arizona is even better as you don't have to be the subscriber in order to record the call. So you can do it from a hone booth, hotel, etc. >MAD should prevent this, like it does in North Korea I thought MAD only worked with rational players. Do we know the people who would hold the levers would be rational? We (the west) don't seem to have the same feedback network (i.e. spies) we could depend on as we did with the USSR. That and we had the "red phone" thing. Dunno if that was more gimmick than actual tool. >I don't buy neo-conservative... We don't know what the control structure behind such threat there would be. Can one person cause a launch, conversely, can one person override a launch order? >firstly, that it does not apply (no single point of failure like a king, in this answer here) I'm a bit late coming into this discussion. But I think I should like to clarify that Kings were not all powerful autocrats. They had councils and other Kings they had to answer to. Still, some went "rogue" as it were. So to me the question is, could one of the people who control the levers "go rogue" do they/would they have controls to guard against that? I have no sympathy for them either. People have the right to know what they are getting in a package. If they are ok with scraps so be it. Just label things properly. Besides, these scraps used to be sold to pet food manufacturers. It's not as though there is no market for it. So maybe a pound of ground meat goes up by 2% to recoup the 2% scraps they can't put in (altho it should be less than 2% increase since the scraps weren't free). What we actually need is better USDA truth in labeling laws. Such that natural should actually mean something and such that Kobe beef actually means something. As much as these MFGs have a right to sell this to people, consumers have the equivalent right to know what they are being sold without having to deal with obfuscation and deceit. If dairy producers watered down their milk, they would be sued for fraud. In the wine industry blending can be illegal, for example if you blend a cheap grape with an expensive grape and pretend it's all the dear grape. You have to label properly. That's all people ask for. Proper labeling --which I think should also include provenance information, but that's another matter. I feel as though they are upset that they got away with obfuscation (fraud) so long that they are (incredulously) calling foul when people want them to come correct. Meanwhile it was they who all along had been fraudulent -in my estimation. Sometimes the medium is (part of) the message. It's a serious topic and I think it warrant serious discussion. I would like for him to cover the matter in a serious manner rather than what would appear to me as some kind of promotional stunt. I think I'm ok with that. We tell people smoking cigarettes are bad for their health, yet people continue smoking. Sometimes one has to take responsibility for one's choices. I prefer clear (truthful) labeling over the alternative presented which is relying on surprise (and shock) to effect change, or at least disseminate information. As information becomes available and becomes more attainable (searchable), people are better equipped to make nutritional decisions. All we can hope is to supply the information and let people decide. So long as people can be sure than words like "natural", "free range", "fresh", all mean what common usage would suppose they meant, I'd be ok. In this case, for example, in common usage, beef means cow flesh. It's not equivalent to "cow". It's a subset of cow, in English. Cartilage, sinew and bone are not flesh. That's how I see it. Sounds a bit like mafiosi conversations where it's mostly context with a few details in order to avoid being overt about what they're discussing. Albeit without the use of codeword substitutes. Syllables are about spoken language (speech). Kanji Hiragana and Katakana and Romaji are about writing. I think it's more natural to measure the spoken expression rather than the written expression, specially for Japanese as all the major writing forms[1] were borrowings made to fit the spoken language. [1] I guess that's pretty generic as all writing forms are made to fit. What I mean is that Kanji characters were fitted upon Japanese language --which had not written form. Basically, the way I understand it, they took a word like Mountain (Yama) and then would ask, how do you write mountain in Chinese（山）/shan/ and then would say (山) = /yama/. Now let's say there was another word that had the sound /yama/ but had nothing to do with mountain, they would still use (山) to write it. so rather than being an ideograph, they became phonographs. I cringed for the actor. It's like he's lost among this sea of conversation and only gets a few crumbs. Like grasping at straws of understanding. > (say, Vancouver, with gas at US$5.15 a US gallon), you'll find that, for instance, 90% of the taxis are Priuses. That appears to be an exaggeration, according to this http://www.calgaryjournalonline.ca/news/34-news/1281-calgary... as of mid-2010, 50% of the fleet was hybrid. I suppose it's possible, but unlikely they ramped up that quick to over 90% hybrid (I imagine there would be some Fusions in the mix like in SF and Boston). >and I am unaware of any precedent in nature (feel free to correct me). There are few exceptions, but clownfish are amongst the exceptions. http://curiosity.discovery.com/question/why-clownfish-change... I don't think so. It adds another variable into the mix. So now each actor has to keep track of one more actor. Kind of like in the movies where people aim guns at each other. If two people are aiming at each other there's a stalemate. With three it's sill a stalemate, if you have guns in both hands. When you have four aiming at each other it becomes more chaotic and less predictable, I think, specially if one of the four, or five etc. is more disliked than the rest. It's a different scenario and the analogy isn't perfect, but it may illustrate how I see the danger increasing. >But the border can always change tomorrow, or even be in two or more places at once as neighbours do not always agree on such things. That's true about borders and about many other things in life. Things change in life. We get older every day and thus change. If I took your stance on borders and applied it to a life, I could say, life is uncertain because we are in constant change. Yet, we exist and we plan and so on because we expect there to be some dependability (on things continuing as we know them, for the time being). Just because border lines on maps are the abstract representation of actual boders doesn't mean they do not exist or there is ambiguity about them. With satellite technology and telemetry, borders are pretty exact --with some disputed exceptions. Numbers also don't "exist" in real form, but we know they "exist" and are quite real in other ways. I had to copy & paste into a text editor to read it. >As I did so, the short asian guard said very intently at me, in a way he was trying to assert his authoritative role, and said gruffly "GOOD MORNING" and glared at me as I walked by - so I continued staring at him. If that were my job -to guard a bank or whatever, I too would eye everyone with suspicion, as my default behavior. If I were a greeter, on the other hand, I would trust everyone as my default behavior. Maybe it's just me, but if I were getting paid to guard, I would at least try to do so. I don't mean I would be a dick to everyone, but I would certainly "watch" as many people as walked into my field of vision. I'm not sure acting relaxed and friendly and being off-guard would serve me in the capacity of being a guard. (Altho' I'm open to being corrected, if this assumption is incorrect). >If being looked at by a well dressed business man sets off your alarms If I were a guard, I would not make any assumptions about how people are dressed. >to the point where you feel you need to have your weapon hand at the ready I hear you. If I were in your shoes, I too would feel like there was an overreaction. I do some street photography on occasion, and I do get weird looks from guards, on occasion. When you do photography a while, you learn to brush it off. Also, If I were the guard, I would remind myself that an unprepared guard is a potentially neutralized (or dead) guard. We don't live in Japan where you can pretty much assume, that with very rare exceptions, a firearm will not be produced by an assailant. >and the last person I have any respect for is an armed civilian who believes himself to be some arm of the law Ok, we agree there. >Simply put, he is a hired thug for the bank. That statement tells me a lot. It's a pretty antagonistic interpretation of his aggressive attitude. Maybe he is maybe he isn't. Do we know he has a criminal record of unprovoked violence toward innocent people? > if I were casing him - he would never know it. I'm pretty sure you would not let him on. Do we know others would not be more impulsive? For all I know he is a dick and does explode violently at others unprovoked. Still, I didn't read any evidence to that effect. I thought "Sticky Fingers" by the Rolling Stones. But then, it's missing Mick's stuff[1]. [1] Ok, not really him, now that I read who's on the cover, but when I saw it at someone's place, I thought it must be Mick's. In talking to other photographers what I've learned is that there are two different approaches to take upon confrontation: One, defend oneself about extant rights as if life depended on it. Two, take a more practical approach, explain oneself (even if this should not be necessary) and if their objections remains, back down calmly. Fight another day. While one would prefer that people not try to exert power where none exists, life will proceed smoother, if approach two is taken (as it regard photography) Approach one can lead to agressive behavior by [guard|police|public] and has resulted in detention/citation. Approach two can and has resulted in some understanding and acceptance. Confrontation one: You have no right to inquire about what I'm doing while on a public street. You ignorant $%#^# I'm going to call my lawyer, I'm going to sue you for harassment, etc... Confrontation two: Are you familiar with street photography? It has a long tradition. You might have seen some of the photography on gallery visit. Have you heard of Winogrand, Cartier-Bresson, Frank? Here, I have some examples --carry some print-outs or load some into your DSLR. You can walk/jog/bike/drive across the bridge from SF and get to Battery Spencer just on the other side (Conzelman Rd.) It tends to be windy up there. That image might have been taken just around Kirby cove road (dirt road -gated, but you can walk/bike down). http://maps.google.com/maps?q=Conzelman+Road,+Sausalito,+CA&... Don't forget that Caltrans + UCB (among other DOTs) has been doing research into autonomous cars/highways with RTOSes --going on two decades now. This has to be for self-consumption, as I can't imagine they would believe people would take their statements at face value. Example: >The encampments that characterized the movement during Fall 2011 enabled formerly disparate and disconnected groups of people to build vast in-person and online networks. What I saw in SF, from the visits was a kind of alien landscape -a kind of flavela. To me it looked worse than a refugee camp. It was more like a political re-enactment of Woodstock. There appeared to be little care (garbage, refuse, mud, signs, etc.) which revealed what appeared to be carelessness. In Japan, for example, there are homeless, but their spaces are as clean as can be, given the circumstances. Is that dignity? In any event, it was not welcoming to me. >Protesters have succeeded in implanting “We are the 99 percent,” Thanks for coopting me. While statistically true, in a fiscal sense, I share little with the "movement" beyond that coincidence (and a few other intersections). >In response to the failure of mainstream media to cover the movement, protesters have created various independent media sources including newspapers, radio programs, and websites. What planet are they on that's half year behind the news. For weeks, if not months, all you could see on TV and online was OWS coverage --mostly from a naive, non-judgmental pov. >Thousands of protesters have been educated on the consensus model of decision-making, a form of direct democracy pioneered by anarchists. Yes, anarchists. Except, that model of decision-making is suboptimal. Wherever I've been exposed to this model, it's tedious and virtually fruitless. >Protesters have shined a grim spotlight on the militarization of local police forces. Has it really become militarized? What does that even mean, beside trying to hook on to a loaded word. If anything, it seems to me police are far less ruthless and more accountable than they were back in the 1900-1960s. >Encampments across the country have fed and clothed local homeless populations despite scant resources. Good. Not sure that's what they set out to do, but, sure. On the other hand, their destructive tendencies (sticking it to the man, I guess) caused local govs to spend money they didn't have, possibly making it worse for the homeless, in a medium term. >The Occupy movement has brought attention to rapidly ballooning student debt, expected to reach $1 trillion during Spring 2012. Anyone who has been and is a student is "aware" of this, as well as parents of students. It is a big problem (in my opinion) and needs addressing. If the movement, is going to achieve anything meaningful I think they need to lock onto something meaningful which will bring about significant change. Something like ending the enormous influence of PACs, or reining back the personification of the corporation. Do something that's impactful but perhaps not as glamorous or as "revolutionary" as pretending they're at war with the establishment. I mean, it sounds funny to me how they talk about militarization and so on meanwhile their speech is very much in tune with that of revolutionaries and dictatorships --you know, people who bear arms and kill each other. Well, he _would_ know. I think it answers this (rhetorical) question http://whatthefuckhasoccupydone.com/ They'll probably try to disavow any connection, but that's akin to (and as effective as) a company trying to distance itself from rogue employees. It seems to me that the availability of local food in sufficient quantities to feed tens of millions is a luxury of places which have the conditions necessary to produce such bounty. What does eat local mean for Canadians or people in Arizona? Greenhouses? It's a nice thing to have but a bit impractical for most, unless we would prescribe them a limited diet. I had to stop reading after the following entered their glossary: sistas, ladies. Sorry but that is a turn-off to me. It's the context. It's pretend deference and, to me, mildly sexist. He said men but not 'gentlemen'. The mafia would hire "gangster" devs. I think they are going for the rockstar's newest competitor, using the music metaphor, the "gangsta" developer. If the mafia were to want to hire developers and wanted to use a musical metaphor maybe they would want a "crooner" dev. A difference, to me, is that they don't have as great a pool of people to choose from who are knowledgable about Japan, are connected (and speak English). I think is his case, they do have a good quality pool but feel comfortable with his subject matter knowledge and demeanor. My commute route also takes me by a few traffics semaphores. I can tell if they are not functioning properly (flashing red only) by the long backup. During heavy traffic at commute times, the lights facilitate semi-smooth traffic. Off peak and I see where they interfere -sometimes they turn red on you, even though there is no cross traffic. Also, conversely, there are moderate-traffic intersections which only have stop signs. I hate them. I wish they'd put in some quick phase traffic lights to smooth out traffic. I don't think it's too surprising. What were their viable alternatives --besides cutting off from video entertainment altogether? I don't think they have credible competitors§ yet. There's Hulu and there's Amazon Prime videos, but neither, to me, have the same breadth. §I mean, via internet delivery. Even DVD mail delivery, they are very good, but that's not a growth market. >Incidentally, the whole notion of cyclists being subject to the same laws as cars is rather ridiculous. That may very well be how you feel; but, according to California vehicle code, bicycles and automobiles are bound by pretty much the same traffic laws, with few differences --such as a few sidewalk exceptions, having to keep right, etc. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bicycle_law_in_California To further your point, there is no continent "America;" There is a conglomeration of two continents called "The Americas" with two constituent continents North America and South America. >She explained that an officer operating an armed drone from afar would simply not have the same understanding of a situation that an officer on location would have. Remoteness is double edged. You might have less immediate insight (if it could not pick up audio signals, for example and only relied on video) or did not have coordination with confederates on the ground, on the other hand, if the situation were to break out, there is less immediate threat and the "officer" would also feel less immediate threat to cause defensive or offensive reaction or action. In other words, remoteness might allow the "officer" to maintain a cooler head in the "midst" of a melee and respond less impulsively (or reactively). I think he suspended his campaign. Suspending means that while for all intents and purposed but one, the campaign is ended. The exception is that it allows the candidate to raise money (usually to pay off campaign debt). Ending a campaign means you hold the bag, if you're in the red, as I understand it. So, technically, yes, still a candidate. That's a net plus, isn't it? She's seeing it as net negative. I don't think it necessarily has to be negative. It could be, but there is more chance for net positive. It'll be interesting to see the crowd dynamics in such a situation and how rules of engagement adjust to crowd behavior. Ah, good distinction. Thanks for the explanation. I don't know about "T-34 tank... which outclassed any German panzer in a one-to-one engagement and may have been the finest tank in the world" It beat panzers the same way American tanks beat panzers --by swarming them. It's not like Americans didn't know about sloped armor --they did. We even provided the Russians with armor --if I recall my history channel stuff. Also, the Russian tanks were prone to quality defects but they made that up with production numbers. Also their effective firing range was dismal --but again, in a swarming tactic, range is unimportant. It seems there are many sides and superiority swung every other month. I only know from what a history buff's knowledge rubs off on me. Anyhow, not sure the veracity of the following link, but it provides some different opinion: http://operationbarbarossa.net/Myth-Busters/MythBusters2.htm... Essentially, with a production run in the 55,000 range, it's no wonder it has able to overwhelm the enemy. Not unlike when Russian generals sent barely armed men against the enemy to face automatic weapons. They had the numbers. Distilling the whole thing to a number isn't insightful, or a good description of how it progressed. I think you need to look at timelines. The Germans obviously had the upper hand in the beginning as Russia was unprepared and Stalin having purged Russia's (USSR's) most able commanders (due to paranoia) before the war didn't help things. Had they been prepared Germany would not have been within 20 miles of Moscow. Germany grew overconfident and was unprepared for a war in freezing climate, whereas the Russians at least didn't have supply line issues to contend with. How about decoupling from the companies altogether and just saying "It's doing well," or "it's doing poorly." The portfolio is not performing up to expectations." The company our partnership has invested in is doing well --it's doing well. Alternatively, although a bit artificial would be to use an exclusive "we" (we, but not including you) or an inclusive we (we and you). English did have a dual pronoun which could be repurposed for that, I suppose, but it would seem forced --maybe more artificial than the artificial use of "we" you have experienced being used by VCs. > It's a bit unfair to pretend Russian case was somehow fundamentally different… Can you elaborate on that? I'm not sure I follow. Never the less, I would say the Russian front was different in that the Winters imparted severe contraints and challenges on the invading army. Another thing is Russia had the population numbers. They could afford to "throw" a generation at the Germans. I checked a few 6 char passwords (alphanum) some were not present. So they seem not to be bruteforcing them serially. Maybe just checking against other known tables. Heather Peters is trying to get people to opt out of a class action settlement by Honda and instead sue Honda in small claims court (where the individual would have a better chance at wining their case against the Honda rep. Maybe a million is unachievable, but the idea is there. http://www.dontsettlewithhonda.org/ I don't think we know the implications of drone aircraft used by local police forces. Not knowing should not take it off the table, it should rather require oversight to make sure the populace agrees with their mission, if the mission were to change. On the one hand, it could save municipalities money by affording a more effective police force. As mentioned earlier, this is an extension of what agencies do now --except that they'd be unpersonned. On the other hand, what are the implications if they were to arm these drones with some kind of lethal force? I think if they were limited to reconnaissance, search (maybe not rescue), aiding in enforcement of law, I don't see how drones become automatically off-limits. I'm probably missing something, but those are my thoughts now. I think there's some merit to being able to solve crimes more effectively after the fact --even if they don't prevent them as much as desired. That police can upload an image of a suspect and see if they have been captured on camera somewhere is of value. They do that in Japan; it aids the police in tracking a known criminal, so long as they're not careful (which is very difficult) -ie take taxis avoid walking in most urban areas, etc. More effectiveness means fewer people are needed to police a given population, that reduces the cost --which is typically what people are most sensitive about. You may be more sensitive about other aspects, but you might not align with most people in that regard. There is also Shotspotter technology, it helps in driving police to a firearm discharge, rather than prevent the discharge. Never the less, it helps police manage crime better. I'm not sure that's the underlying reason --but certainly I can see corporations abusing this new law, ust as I imagine individuals abusing it. I think gov't would be less likely to abuse this as that would tread on censorship. The biggest problem, if this survives as law, is that it likely will lead to petty complaints -and by way of interference, to a possible chill in online discussions. I think that'd be a net loss. I can sympathise with people who become targets of internet bullies but I don't see how this is an appropriate response to that problem. That's just bizarre --off the rails. It's not as if she has the excuse of being an actor and could blame this whole episode on being high or coming down hard off of something. Pity the kids. What a mom. How can they lump .goog and .aaa with the likes of .app and .mail. .goog and .aaa are not "generic" in any sense. I think they should at least re-categorize and call the .goog and .apples brandedTLDs I think one (not being a prey for a bear) takes no biological re-adjustment (well, except provisions to live longer, I suppose). On the other hand, getting used to a radically different diet would take many generations to adjust to. For example, after a few thousand years, some people are not yet used to cow's milk, or used to wheat. Long term, yes, nature should take care of that. It sounds neat --but at first I thought it was going to be about facial recognition. This still requires recall --remembering who people are after viewing them (during a bathroom break, as the article puts it). Google Glasses would sove the issue of surreptitiousness. You would not have to sneak a focus onto the person you're about to meet --it's automatic as part of your vision. It would work really well there. I meant adjusting naturally to the different source of nutrition. If you're a vegan, you would normally need to be very careful of your diet so that you do not introduce nutritional deficiencies into your system, or you would need to subsidize your nutrition with vitamins. Long term, the body could find a way to bypass the nutritional subsidies --it could take a very long time (cows had to develop additional stomachs to adjust to eating primarily grass, for example). So just when other OSes (WP7, e.g.) ditch the physical metaphors realism in UI in favor of more minimalistic/reduced graphics style Apple comes in and doubles down. Personally, to me, it's superfluous, but I can see some people liking it --however, I think it has to eventually retrench. Maybe it's to counterweigh the camera at the other end? (and in addition provide power, as indicated below). Without a counterweight (or something to stabilize it) the "glasses" could rest a bit unstably on the nose with the camera and display. Of course a strap would also work, but then you would need that remote battery pack mentioned in the comments. I don't understand this: >Unfortunately, 18-year-olds aren’t particularly good at judging the profitability of an investment without expert advice, and when they do get such advice, it generally counsels taking the largest possible loan AND >Yet the venture-capital industry has shown that the private sector can do a good job at financing new ventures with no collateral. So why can’t they finance bright students? It claims subsidizing students is wasteful exemplified by the increase in default from 6.7 to 8.8% but on the other hand VC are not wasteful all the while most VC funded ventures are failures. Plus, it's not as though founders are better able to evaluate their potential business than aspiring freshmen and women are at evaluating the success of their potential studies. As if VCs were not "subsidizing" failed ventures and only picked winners all the time. Contrary to what the article claims, I only see benefit in the system. The risk is pooled amongst all students the 91.2% are subsidizing the 8.2% failures. I guess one might be able to trim that down a bit, never the less, the success rate (paid off) is way better than in the VC world, the ROI, may be more modest on the winners (and society), but overall, it's not that bad. Something does not jibe. Good point. To me it seems he, Luigi, is someone who maybe likes the idea behind venture capital, or perhaps more generally, the economic system it represents; likes the outcome he sees (perhaps only selects the best parts?) and would like to shoehorn the idea to higher education where investors "invest" in student potential. It seems a stretch. How much "equity" would investors expect? 10-20% of future income? Is that comparable to a regular student loan? Why would students choose this route instead of the traditional route? I'll have to wait and see. I'm wishing against hope that they'll bring to life some of the features in the Courier concept: Infinite journal, clip and paste, touch+stylus (stylus for writing ideographs --which are cumbersome by finger). Dual screen? Maybe as an alternate model. One of the main ideas is that it would not just be a presentation medium but also a production medium. Maybe I'm reading too much into this, but I think, the logo is somewhat ambiguous and reminds me a bit of this brand of toothpaste in SEAsia http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Darlie where they were either ignorant or dismissive of the implications of their brand. (sadly, in the Chinese language, the name of the product is still insensitive. I know the mirrored and ligatured G's are a nice typographical feature, but I think they should think about changing it to avoid misperception. In this world, perception sometimes is more important than reality. EDIT: Not to say it resembles the toothpaste logo, but rather reminds me of blackface/Golliwog ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Golliwogg ). It's an unfortunate coincidence, though, as I said, maybe it's just me making it up to be more than it is. Yeah, cover as a keyboard is along the lines of Apple-like innovation. I think that's not a bad design decision, so long as it's a choice (i.e. SW keyboard is also an option). From the looks of it, they are either planning on entering the travel guide sector, or protecting their brand from others entering this sector. Each of the added features is $1. Depending on what each one of those does, that could be a bargain, or not. curiously, I don't see the "hosted photographs" feature. Photographers might be a good audience for this kind of service, since they don't have the time to fully develop their own websites. In that case, I would think about advertising that (it's not obvious). Also, if there are limits/quotas on media. Well, then, if that's the only sticking point, allow people to waive this "privacy" matter and thus indemnifying the gov't. Something like how patients can release their own HIPAA data, if they so choose. [edit] of course provisions for being of sound mind (as with any contract) and being of age of majority (i.e. an adult capable of consenting) If they can get this out before Fall classes begin, this should enjoy a nice bump form the back-to-school demographic. If I were I student, I'd be considering an an Apple Air (and perhaps an HP equiv) and an iPad. With the nice keyboard integration, and USB I/F along with windows application compatibility, this would definitely have the upper hand. An advantage an Ipad would have might be display quality, if I were in a creative field (i.e. looking at hi-res images). For note taking, this Surface seems like it hit a good balance. Also, most (all) creative people will be able to recognize the tie-in to Warhol (thus art) and also the implied "democratization". For me this tablet/surface could see significant demand from students going back to school this fall. As you said, it's not loger Air + iPad when you can get one device that can do both. I think it's a pretty good strategy from that standpoint. Additionally, with the Intel version being compatible with desktop apps, this should fit in with the business (corporate) environment. Of course, this is speculation, but I think it has a pretty good chance at being successful. The interesting part about Detroit, amongst others, is that Detroit's "ruins" are due to an exodus of industry and followed by population. That's to say, it's not exactly due to gov't mismanagement or some kind of systemic failure. The failure is more individual --for example, company goes bankrupt --leaves building. But no one comes in to rent the building out. In other cases, it's due to buildings reaching their useful life --and not getting torn down properly (in this case, too costly for the gov't since no one is willing to build, as they would in other cities). All this is aggravated by the flight form the city to the suburbs and elsewhere. To put it succinctly, this is more organic, than artificial. So, for example, you could be in a nice building and look across the street and look at a dilapidated building in disrepair. It's a weird juxtaposition but one shaped by economics and demographics. It seems like it would be more accurate to say "assembled" in 90 days. These things are pretty much pre-built off-site and just need to be plugged and stacked. It's very impressive and I look forward to seeing some greater modification (away form the standard boxy look) toward more expressiveness and personality --similar to the turning torso building --which looks like it could be modular as well. Why not Argentina? He could take advantage of their antipathy toward the UK. Too transparent? I understand, but it's the UK who are allowing the extradition, which, he, Assange, clearly disagrees with. Exactly. Just as I used to hear people say "Eskimos" have (some double digit number) of words to describe different "snow". Which makes sense if you realize they live in snow. On the other hand, for many purposes, English, as well as other languages, have ways to describe that snow --they just don't have one word nouns fot that. It's not as though we'd be dumfounded finding a way to describe this snow. Now, since it's not everyday we see snow, yeah, we might not at first glance have it apparent that there is a difference between fresh snow and day-old snow (bit of melting, evaporation) snow drift, snowpack, falling snow, fallen snow, etc. With regard to grammatical gender, w/re German, I was told that it was futile to try to derive grammatical gender from the attributes of objects --that it was pretty random, for the most part. Mark Twain once remarked "In German, a young lady has no sex, while a turnip has" I don't think so. I think it would be similar to asking someone if the sky was the same color as the blue angel planes flying around the same sky (on a regularly blue-skies day). I'm inclined to think that regardless of the actor responsible for this, the only thing that has changed with regard to 'cyberthreats' is that this work which is thought to be the work of a state actor, has become public and that the method has changed a bit. It's not as if the Chinese (or the US or whomever) were not spearfishing each other or using other methods to extricate sensitive information. One other difference is that this is equivalent to low-grade but effective sabotage. I guess we can expect more of this kind of sabotage, yet, it's not as though there aren't state actors and non-state actors attempting this kind of sabotage for either economic, political, military or other reasons on a routine basis. I also imagine there are tacit rules by which they 'play'. That is, some is expected, some frowned upon, but seen as par for the cyber course, but other things might be seen as totally off-limits (like remotely sabotaging a reservoir's gates sitting atop a city). That's to say, this form does not involve collateral killings. So, in some ways, it may be preferable to the 'magnetic' bombs alternative which have been used to slow the Iranian atomic program. I think it's believed that Russia has not been shy about engaging in cyberwarfare with what it considers its legacy but renegade sphere of influence. I don't see how this would be "a new development" for Russia. Not only that, but end users probably appreciate knowing that anything they bought today would have limited future support --this alternative is better than pulling the rug from under them come 4-5months. That is to say, it hurts MS and partners initially but benefits customers short-term and long-term. What they could announce is some kind of voucher for future phones if they buy now --giving customers a kind of indemnification against obsolescence. Not saying they will, but they could. It's likely preferable to having their (customers') money but engendering lots of ill-will a few months down the road. I have an iphone 4. With this announcement, I'm willing to wait a few months before buying a WP8 device. Or at least offer vouchers (with proof, of course --which carrier would have) toward the purchase of a WP8 system so that people don't feel duped. AFAIK it's a different codebase altogether. One's based on WinCE and the other on Windows8, so it would be misleading to imply that upgrade to 7.5 was based on Win8. I think you'll be fine. Friend of mine had a kind home-made led flashlight (small PCB and gangly wires). Friend was pulled aside for questioning and demonstrated its 'torch' capability and then let go thru. The delay was about 20 minutes though. It is silly, but if they've not studied any (even basic breadboarding) electronics, then anything out of the ordinary like that will look 'weird' and arouse caution. Also, the CEO is from Taiwan, so there could be some actual politics involved, seeing as CN regards TW as their "renegade" province. I'm just speculating. I'm not making a stament of fact. However, it's not out of the question that CN cares about the politics of the people who deal with CN. Also, things in Russia aren't that peachy. Perhaps the difference is in testing. A large mfg, I would imagine, would test a configuration repeatedly before making it available, and then, once approved, the individual systems would go through burn-in, probably with more rigor than beige boxes. So even beige boxes with pricier (but unproven configurations) might suffer from grater failure rates. In addition, large mfgs might be able to demand better "lots" from their parts mfgs/oems. Just a thought. Interestingly, one thought is that "credentials" may not be as importsant in the future --it will be more about what you can demonstrate rather than what certification one has achieved. Gates may have not finished his schooling and may not be an educator, but he does talk to educators and people who know education. I think that's where he's getting his foundation for his ideas from. Twitter and Drop box can have independent "moral compasses". They don't have to have the same -just as you and I don't have to share the same. Not to imply that questioning subpoenas equates to questioning piracy. Piracy is not a right, while having protections against unreasonable searches is aright (depending on country, of course). I really think both the Geary and Van Ness corridors need at least a monorail to handle the capacity. BRT seems like a band-aid, to me. Of course, it's cheaper and quicker to deploy. Long term, though, if they build the Geary corridor as envisioned (dense housing) then I think something like monorail would be suitable. I believe there are some political issues (neighborhoods decrying the loss of "Old SF") in addition to somewhat onerous (compared to SJ) planning requirements, specially north of Market (where no building shadow shall impinge on a public park during the hours of 10am to 4pm or something. Developments typically appease the loud-voiced locals by either pulling out of development plans or modifying their original proposals to lower heights (and thus lower density). It seems some voices SF, while urban, would prefer to keep SF a quaint victorian town. I mean, we're in the 21st century, allow the city to grow like a city. I disagree. Just because I could open a grocery store which found it morally repugnant to sell animal-derived products does not mean everyone should share the same values. People and firms should be able to do the same within the framework of law >and the framework of law is no substitute for having a good moral sense. Well, then, they're covered doubly. They are following moral sense and are also following the law. I.e. I do not see how taking this path breaks laws and I don't see their choice as being immoral. W/re animal-derived products. You and I might feel that eating animal flesh is a-ok, morally speaking. Conversely I and others might feel otherwise -that's it's morally indefensible. (see animal rights activists, or "the sexual politics of meat", for example). Dr. King used that phrase to make a point, he didn't say that to prove the legality of what Hitler did. Is the PCB built stateside? Or was the "(c) Google Inc., Made in USA" about something else in the Q's exploded diagram? I'd be a bit surprised by that. Also, I think at 55-64 lots of those people have decreasing responsibilities -if they had children, fewer are underage (and thus their charges), also their mortgage payments could be nearing maturity. With fewer responsibilities they have greater flexibility to take chances. The TV show "Peep Show", which isn't about surreptitious leering despite the title, uses first person PoV in their series. Some people hate it, others grew used to the PoV. See reference to the PoV at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peep_Show_(TV_series)#Productio... Looks like they're matching one of their main web properties' UI with their new OS IU. In some ways that makes sense, they're going all out or bust, in other ways I'm not sure that searching thru Technet articles will be best experienced via this new UI --granted their previous IF to Technet was horrible. Something else is that previously they had no uniform design. different teams had different designs for their domains. Once you entered a search term, all bets were off on what the page you got to would look like. Specially taking Metro into consideration which is very much about right angles. I'd be a little skeptical of an index which shows Japan as being relatively less corrupt than the US. If one were to read up on Japan, it's clear that for a first world country, it's rather corrupt --not the same way, say Indis is corrupt, but still, I feel more so than the US, specifically. Dogs and Demons (A. Kerr) is filled with instances how corruption has contributed to massive misallocation of resources, coverups of environmental contamination, political favoritism, cronyism, etc. resulting in the paralysis which afflicts Japan. It'd be curious to know if they also blocked Bloomberg Professional. I'd venture they didn't, given that that would block important information from the financial (gov't) elites. They have tracking enabled on the devices so that they know who's in possession of a given tablet at any time. I understand that from an inventory control perspective, but I wonder the privacy concerns of the tracking implemented. Definitely. It would seem they are trying to make it sound like MR in order to put people off of it. But really, it's just really good statistical (or data) modelling. As they said, there probably will be questions about profiling people and neighborhoods, but if the desired result is to reduce crime and it does reduce crime, does that not in fact subvert the notion of the stereotype? That's to say, if people think this might stereotype a neighborhood as one with more than normal criminal activity and this is implemented and this brings down crime, then in time, this neighborhood would be better than normal, in crimes statistically speaking and would rehabilitate the neighborhood, rather than vilify it. Besides, in reality, it doesn't matter what the police or the mayor's office say, it matters what people on the street say. People on the street are unconcerned with being PC. They will tell you if a neighborhood is good or bad. One of the most honest assessment I have gotten is from RE agents. They don't offer any filters --they just tell you how it is, from my experience. I think the FBI figures are one that are pretty reliable and do not subjugate themselves to an individual department's claims. I think the Minority Report allusion is purposeful in order to make it sound more sci-fi-ish and thus thus more questionable. Glass will definitely have privacy implications. 1. who owns the data. 2. who has access to the data. 3. how do you opt out from my recordings? 4. will this lead to a private crowd-implemented version of pervasive CC-TV? This could the the penultimate implementation of a system to surveil a population. If this becomes ubiquitous, who would ever need state installed CC-cameras? You make some good arguments. However, one big difference, is that to take photos or videos, you actively have to point the device at people and make an effort to record. With Glass, that's taken out. You could be recording and no one would be the wiser --one might have to assume that anyone wearing Glass was recording. This could be a bit creepy. Now, I know there is no expectation of privacy in public places --this is what allows photographers to photograph anyone on the streets (with very few exceptions). However, a photographer is very noticeable. If this becomes ubiquitous, there is no way of avoiding being recorded. Now, what happens on private property? What laws would apply there? Let's consider two options: Don't deploy this and let crime continue to be fought traditionally --this results in more neighborhood crime victims and continued view of this neighborhood as crime ridden. Deploy this technique with a long term result of decrease in crime such that it's less than that of places which did not implement this prevention technique. Once that is achieved, there would be no inclination to treat people in those places differently. So, given those scenarios, would a neighborhood accept different treatment knowing that long term crime would decrease and thus obviate the need to be treated differently, or would they prefer to continue the status quo knowing this would allow crime to continue as it had but getting to keep their current level of civil liberties? I know those not the only options, but given those two, I wonder what a group might choose? Also, we do not know how this technique would affect people's civil liberties. We only guess that it would. No I don't. I don't know enough. And you are right. It's only a feeling --but one based on my experiences compared with other people's experiences. I think the big knock on the US, deservedly, is the undue influence of PACs on our politics. That said, in Japan, PACs are less necessary because of the business gov't relationship (i.e Japan Inc.) You're probably right about the slippery slope argument. There is a risk. Still, NYC (and maybe soon SF) has implemented stop and frisk, without a slippery slope, (afaik) and data seem to point to a reduction in crime. Some people have found stop-and-frisk unacceptable, yet others find it acceptable. I don't think measuring decrease in crime is that difficult. One can find out statistically or by way of anthropological study at the other end of the spectrum. One of the easiest ways is probably to ask the residents. do they feel that crime has risen or fallen? Ask Real Estate agents --they have a good pulse on a neighborhood. Now, something unrelated and this is just a hunch, but I guess that neighborhoods with high home ownership would have better reception for this than neighborhoods with low ownership --not because the population prefer crime, but because a reduction in crime would have the side effect of having a positive (higher) impact on rents and that's a negative for most renters. >If Honk Kong and Seoul were able to export... This is true and it's true in SEAsia. In Japan, SK culture has pervaded TV and entertainment, moreso than American Entertainment. Go to Taipei and you can see the evidence of Japanese culture (well, this is two-pronged, Japanese legacy on the island as well as youth culture) along with SK culture. The only place American culture might have the upper hand in SEAsia is in blockbuster movies --but that's a minority of movies shown or seen. In Africa, lots of the entertainment, while English language, is Nigerian English with Nigerian TV and music being very influential. I'm guessing the dead is as in deadweight --not contributory. For example, royalty and its traditions, its cultural baggage. The British still endure what's called "the Norman yoke". That is the Normas took over a culture and imposed it on the locals. This resulted in a sharp divide between the rulers (initially foreign royals) and locals (now landless and considered lower class commoners). This division is entrenched in British culture to this day. I think there's also a western bias. Put a white male outside their element and I'm not sure, an average, a white male would do much better than an equivalent local‡, if not worse. For example, I lived in SEAsia for two years. In some places, you cannot own a business (as any foreigner). If you do want to own, you marry (a local) or get yourself a (business) partner. Due to cultural differences, the white male westerner would just not be able to compete with the local. Living in East Asia, I saw two predominant types of white male westerners, those who tried to eke out a living in E asia (somewhat less educated) and the professionals (typically better educated). There was a third class, and that was hired guns (tantamount to high level consulting). ‡Of equivalent background, education, etc. It was more a thought exercise. If only those two options were made available, what would a population prefer, given the track record of the technique. I'm aware that one ought not justify a means for its end, but rather otherwise (in this case a kind of elective choice). Germany does not have the population (and the pop is getting older, but not as fast as Japan's). The contenders are: China, India (a unified Europe -but age is a problem). Russia is borderline has tremendous resources, but lacks the population and suffers from a paternalistic state (very tsarist in modern clothes). Plus, Germany depends on foreign demand. When the world economy tanks, German economy tanks because there isn't enough internal consumption to pick up the slack --just as in Japan. W/re UK. Chris Kipllip did a photo documentary called "In Flagrante". NE England in the 80's (not sure about now) was a depressed place to be. I think the ME is a bit complicated. First, most middle easterners are white/caucasian (and classify themselves as such, even if some Americans erroneously might not), so I'm not sure race is a factor. On the other hand, I think power is a big factor. Imagine an alien (ET) race (but humanoid looking) came and took over the US (gov't). Yes, many people would be upset, many would take up arms, but on the other hand, many would assume they had something to offer (as they proved themselves superior militarily). Two, I don't think it's only white Americans they would indulge with this assumption, but rather, any American --not to say they exhibit no racism. In China, yes, whites are used for company brochures and faces on web presences --but that's token. White guys (and actually, more white girls) are paid pretty low to have their images used for marketing reasons (to appear more international). Conversely, female white-slaves (trafficked peoples from E Europe) do get paid okay, I suppose, vis a vis locals. In most of E Asia, it's Japan that's looked up to and emulated, not so much the US or Europe --altho they are, just less so. In Africa where China has a large presence and investments, likewise, China is held up to be superior (this also has generated some backlash in those places). Edit, misspelling. The photographer's name is Chris Killip, the book is out of print, but Available on Amazon as a Bookb on Books. He has others about depressed areas in England/UK. I don't think that example is equivalent. The ex-AOL guy was working on his own stuff and was basically squatting on AOL property. It's not clear he was accessing AOL computer systems and resources and making changes to or contributing to AOL projects. Basically, place to sleep, munch, shower and perhaps free wi-fi. I think the problem isn't the population being in debt, because, as you mention, in China, most people pay cash as debt is anathema for most indivs. On the other hand, one or the main forces behind the construction is local government revenue. Local govt's raise funds through land leasing and selling. In order to remain solvent they enter into these real estate deals, if they are successful, they do well, if things go south, they are in debt --so there is the danger lots of local (CN) gov'ts being insolvent. I'm guessing it's just superficial decoration, as there is no door to make it useful as balcony. There was previous discussion on this the other day... http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4185684 I think it depends on the inputs. If the algorithm looks at statistics blindly, ie. does not take into account race, then it would be more accurately called "crime profiling". So, unless people were to feel that crime should be more acceptable in some circumstances than others (i.e. a crime prone area should be allowed some low level crime because that's what people know), it should be a non-issue. I think the question is more about how the police on the ground respond, do they inject race into the the practical aspect? It would seem that that should not change just because police are being dispatched by an automated system --what I mean, is I don't think this system should or will make beat cops more or less biased against a given ethnicity, per se. but in effect a neighborhood will get more attention and long-run, should end up in a better place, given that results show a significant improvement. In the end, time will tell. Not to mention "snake oil" liniments and other forms of quackery. What happens when there are substantial barriers to entry _and_ there is collusion; how would "laissez-faire" economics deal with it, in timeliness which would make it tenable for actual people. I'm actually curious to know. Isn't there an increase in cattle rustling in the prairie states? Not saying the military should be directly involved, but I can see some org dedicated to finding rustlers using this technique as an option, if it's effective. I don't know about Chernobyl at all. With regard to Fukushima, there appears to have been a very cozy relationship btwn TEPCO (Tokyo electric Co.) and the government. In addition, the oversight body was woefully understaffed. The problem with Japan is that in many cases there are obvious conflicts of interest which aren't addressed. For example, A former Manager for a TEPCO might eventually get a position in either the gov't overseeing nuclear policy or with the oversight body (JNES). In addition, gifts from Nuclear Operators to the Oversight body were not uncommon. This evolved into loosey goosey regulation. Moral obligation or legal obligation? Legally they would be bound by whatever terms you and they agreed upon such that they are enforceable. Morally? I dunno, that's trickier, but at inception, one surely can't account for all possible future scenarios (acquisition being one) and build that into people's expectations. I think it's just the nature of business. Even with the best of intentions, a company (site whatever) may not be able to survive (and most people accept that). In the case of failure a mature business can go through bankruptcy proceedings. Still, in most cases, customers are probably the last ones receiving any comp, if any is left. Mostly it goes to creditors and so on. >In short, I think this list is closer to a European caricature of the US than it is to reality. I think this is a pretty good assessment. It's not as if any of what he says is untrue, in some place, at some time, but they do not hold as generalizations. As generalizations, they are way off. It's like stepping into a country for a couple of weeks and trying to write a definitive review of a country --and writing that which was most impressive (glaring differences, for example) in an exaggerated way. >I do miss Taiwan's quite a bit. It amazed me how it was cheap, high quality and somehow supported by a very low tax rate. This impressed me too. Altho I understand that one way they were able to afford it was by capturing medical students for like 7 years (or something, like that. i.e. pay for schooling, but then have them under contract for 7 years at below market wages) In addition, salaries were cut several times and now the system is looking to be reformed because its becoming indebted. One other thing I never quite understood was the big packets of 20 pills for a cold you'd take several times a day for several days. I can't imagine what was in them. At this point it'd be too early to know if "Amazon" phone would have less cachet than "Android" phone, to most phone users. Since kindle has a pretty good brand they could call it the Kindle phone. Altho that would take with it some unwarranted/disconnected association. (long battery life/monochrome) I'd love to see their detailed maps of Casinos worldwide --what mazes. Once we get to the point where all cars on highways are automation capable, if not outright enabled, there should be the option to have speed dictated by road conditions so that, under optimal conditions, the system could adjust speed up, and adjust speed down as conditions worsen. That is, allow speed to be variable and dependent on conditions on the road (at that particular section). Or, they could rate different lanes at different speeds, or a combo allowing people to tell the system where to merge into. There is the complication of less capable cars --so that maybe bunches of cars (those part of a wave of traffic) would have to submit to the safety levels of the least safe vehicle. (Let's say a bunch of high performance sports cars and an economical car which isn't designed for hugging the road nor has grippy tires; or, throw in a cargo truck). Maybe the rightmost lane could be reserved for non autonomous vehicles like classics and holdouts (people afraid of automation/driverlessness). Given that speeding tickets would be rare, the state could impose fees based on a combination of emissions and also road wear (tonnage, for example) to offset lost revenue. I'm not sure I'd feel safe about convoy driving unless there were some kind of way to manage emergencies (like a tire blowout, engine problem, deer) which under normal circumstances isn't very dangerous because you have a second or two to manoeuver. But in a close convoy system, there is little room for error and even an automated system may be unable to compensate for the emergency in a timely fashion thus resulting in a chain reaction crash --the kind we see in foggy conditions with human drivers. I'm not sure they'll be phased out entirely. What happens when all electrical systems go out. What do we do about inclement weather, system malfunctions. What do we do about classic cars (as in people like owning cars from decades ago). What about driving on unimproved roads (in the country). I think in urban areas and developed areas this is feasible, but I think there are some scenarios where it may not happen for a long time. Why don't we now have self-driving trains/subways? They move on rails but we keep insisting they must be supervised by people in the vehicle (with a few exceptions like people movers at airports and amusement parks, etc). Yeah, I think buffers (like in trains) could be an option, maybe magnetic. If it requires physical contact, though, that would mean a whole train of cars (maybe cars would be grouped into sets of ten or so?) would have to speed up and down as cars joined and left the caravan --I know we do this in everyday driving, but it's "softer". [edit, just thinking, if we knew destination in advance, the first car would be the one going furthest and the last car in the group going the shortest so that the interruption would be inconsequential] Back to accidents, there will the edge cases. And because it's programmed (and not a human "accident") people might find more fault in the system than they would in a human. So even though accidents and deaths would/could be reduced considerably, those that would occur might be seen as more negligent than accident. Just thinking out loud. Not sure if there is anything to this, but from what I've heard, privacy laws in France are more strict than in the US, for example. That's in theory, in practice, not many people actually care. On the other hand, some do. Also, in theory, if you shoot with a tripod, you would need to obtain permission from a ministry somewhere, but in practice, you will seldom get bothered by the police. In any event, photographing people in public places in France will get you more dirty looks than they would in London or NYC, for example --even if most times you will not get any reaction. Look up Droit d'image, as it concerns France. http://photothisandthat.co.uk/2012/02/15/the-french-privacy-... As someone else said. It's that they didn't develop it. It had (has) great potential, but it languishes. How can they not have an iPad app yet? They have not integrated social into it very much. For example, one is able to comment, but one cannot arrange by timeline vs popular (there is no up or downvoting comments). One cannot say "show me all the comments I've made". There is no easy way to showcase photos in a group (other than the pool itself). Basically the concept of "galleries" that they have for individuals but instead for groups. In other words better "curation" tools for groups -where most of the exciting conversations happen anyway. Search is horrible. They do have a very captive audience but they need to act before people migrate to other services. Facebook is okay but it's different. On the other hand, they have not made using it "creepy" and they have resisted plastering it with ads (for the free users). I like that it's just my photos an my interactions with other enthusiasts and does not relate to my life elsewhere. The big attraction, for me, is the groups and the discussions therein (i.e. the community), however, the tools they provide for these interactions are primitive. What kind of hit piece is this? It's all anonymous sources. I think the quote that resonates the most is the one where they say "One of her flaws at Google [was] that she was too tough with her colleagues in the early years, and these people have memories like elephants." I mean her first day, and they have the cavalry out for her trying to bring her (and Yahoo!) down. I think the main thing is that at that altitude there are few particles to rain radiation upon you. On the ground there is dust, debris, ash etc. which will carry the radiation and land on everything. I don't think his main point was to compare per capita emissions but to illustrate the futility in deploying comparatively costly alternative energies when the great majority of new energy production is "dirty". He doesn't ignore them, but the capacity for hydro and geothermal is finite and very geographically specific (there is only so many cubic km of riverflow and only so many geothermal sites). The TWatt output of NZ and IS is negligible, on a global scale, therefore they have little impact. It's great for those countries, but they're not a solution to CN's or IN's energy questions, for example. I think his point about that is that promises of renewables replacing traditional sources in ten and twenty year time-frames (such as the proponents he cites) is wildly optimistic. I think the time frames to adoption and ramp-up to significant share are his main points of contention, via a vis boosters of renewables as solution to our energy problems. > NASA scientists also thought we'd be going to Mars by 2025. What does that prove? We don't _have_ to go to Mars tomorrow. We _do_ need energy right now. Panel prices have fallen through the floor, but panels are only one component in the PV energy production cycle. He cites that residential PV production cost per kW/h hasn't changed significantly since the 2000's. (~¢30 sunny and ~¢60 cloudy areas) traditional production means average 11 to ¢12 kW/h. >A number of U.S. states are seeing immediate local benefits from supplying > 10% of their electricity through wind power. That's definitely a positive outcome, but an investment in anything will bring jobs (tearing up roads and repaving). I think he's trying to find out it it makes economic sense to invest in wind power versus something else. I think it's debatable, at least. He might be proven wrong, but so might others. >I'm not quite sure why "% of global electricity consumption" is the only salient metric I think it's because his main point is about trying to prevent going over the 450ppm of CO2 in the atmosphere --which isn't regionally manifested but globally manifested. Here you see Ingvar Kamprad driving an old Volvo, Ballmer driving a Fusion, and Ellison with a McLaren, Zuck with an Acura, Eric Schmidt in a Prius. http://www.digitaltrends.com/cars/drivestyles-of-the-rich-an... Fair point. I should have mentioned that some (most) of those listed have more than one car --but from what I coud find (in other lists), the cars listed seemed to be representative of their other cars. Ellison has other rare cars, Ballmer another pedestrian car and so on. DiCaprio seems to buy anything with some ZEV cachet, but he's been consistent since the EV-1's, I think. I mean, basically some people feel they need to be flash, others find their cars to be more utilitarian. I can't comment on approach or validity, etc. I do have one observation though, the icon looks masculine. I would either make it androgynous or add a feminine addition to the icon so that people don't pigeon hole it as a "guy's" app or something like that. I think you're right. Japan which has a very strict sword and firearms law, afaik, has not seen a "homebrew" industry spruot since they passed the laws back in the '70s. And, it's not as though there are no criminals. The Yak syndicates are not, on principle, against the use of guns --they do occasionally used smuggled guns to settle things. Now, Japan does allow some kinds of firearms, typically to farmers and such who need to deal with threats/vermin, but the permit process is lengthy and few people obtain them. But people need to get to places. People don't need guns for daily survival. Japan annually sees double digit gun-deaths. In the US we see triple digit accidental gun deaths. >Furthermore, will you be the one going door to door to collect everyone's firearms? Japan made it very difficult to own new firearms after they passed new Swords and Firearms laws. They allowed current gun owners to keep them, but they were not transferrable or inheritable. In other words, there are precendents for "taking away" arms, it's not unheard of. Peopple have figured out how to do this. Japan's Swords and Firearms laws allow for that. It's a lengthy and involved process. It's not a short process, but if you could prove that it was really necessary -such as life sustaining necessary, you could obtain a shotgun, for example. Because by definition, criminals do not obey the law. If arms were taken out of circulation, there would be none to obtain except via smuggling --which is time consuming, requires connections, is costly, etc. It would certainly require advanced planning to carry out. The criminal could not just go down to Sears and buy one or down to the seedy area of town and then do a stick up later in the day. True.. but as it regarded homebrew, there is "pent up demand" demostrated by the trickled smuggling by the gokudo syndicates. Yet, there isn't a homebrew industry. Instead, the few illegal arms are smuggled in. My point was that homebrew does not seem to spring up once firearms are made illegal, to any significant extent. Americans own approx 300 firearms. I don't think homebrew would manufacture in that quantity. People could --but to what degree of success? A gunsmith, yes, but any yobbo at home? They might fire once, they might explode. I'm not sure that was a given for me. I would pay that for a tablet that did more than surf the web and play video and games. So, yes, if it was only going to match the capabilities of an iPad but have a different (Metro) interface, then yes, it would have to be priced on par with the iPad. But if it does more and integrates with the enterprise, I think 1,000 is not uncompetitive, given the possible advantages. I should have been clearer. I meant to say that it would integrate with something like the AD structure out of the box, GPOs and such. I know there are enterprise mgmt kits for ipads and so on. But if this integrated into an existing ecosystem, it'd make a good case for those extra hundred(s) of dollars (given it would also run the apps people are used to in the ent.) In any event, I'm not saying that a Surface would be _the_ system in the ent. All I'm saying is that given its legacy and avant capabilities, the extra price is justifiable, to me. For you an ipad is the perfect solution, there is no problem with that. Maybe realted, maybe not. I read somewhere a few years ago one of the DIY stores like Home Depot or what-have-you did a study and decided that swapping out the $1 paint brush for the $5 brush didn't decrease the volume sold, but 5x'ed revenues on that product. Their insight was that someone going in and buying a few gallons of paint were not going to comparison shop on brushes (and drive elsewhere) to save a couple of dollars on a cheap brush --people would pay for the convenience of getting multiple items in one place. The article stated that from unsuccessful suicide bombers, it appeared that they were within the norm with regard to income, education, social interaction, family structure, etc. What they found in their method was that inculcation and "brotherhood" comraderie was seen as a big motivator. That's to say that having a friend in the org made it 10x more likely that someone joined. In addition, it was the recruiters and their methodology which made people execute their design. Basically, an organization which is good at doing what they do could make ordinary people do things which they normally would not think (have an aptitude for) of doing. In my old account accessed via outlook.com, I see no ads. In a new account I just created I see ads from Restaurant.com. Not sure what gives. I think you're right about this. Maybe it has to do with appearance of control/self determination. It was a mistake (an accident), but it was my mistake/accident (as opposed to something one didn't have control over). I've heard, no first-person knowledge here, that upon suspecting a business, taxation agencies are not unknown to send out a person with a clicker to tally patronage during spcific time periods and see if that lines up with their expectations and what the business reports. As others have said, this could be one of many signals to use in determining who to follow up on. That and that those products predate regulatory agencies and also sience had not caught up with the dangers (till relatively recently). In other words, they are kind of grandparented into the social fabric. Gasoline is kind of the same --extremely falmmable liquid which is sold without end-user regulation. I'm not sure how things would work out in the present; from a historical perspective, turning the screws on drink seems to have had ill-side effects (such as the rise of organized crime). How could they be less regulated yet not be susceptible to corruption by organized crime? The only way I can see added regulation is via higher taxes (which seem to be quite high already, but I suppose more is okay). Drink and smoke have age, seller, purity, potency, health warnings, advert restrictions, etc. All deserved, but I'm wondering what else they could be madated to do before making the enterprise lucrative to circuvention (org crime). That's true, but people are known to buy knock-offs because their looks are close enough to that of the genuine article. In this kind of example, so long as it looked pretty similar and acted pretty similar, people might feel okay to buy the alternative product --whereas if it had the same functionality, or perhaps better fucntionality, but did not look like the genuine product, they might look elsewhere. Can't the same be said of many Moto tech and patents? >Grid is redefining what a spreadsheet can do on a tablet. Yes, but it is, simultaneously, in its current incarnation, defining what spreadheet apps can't do. Sexy sells for the genral public, but as other have pointed out, in the enterprise, sexy is much less important. More important is functionality. Maybe in it's next iteration, it will meet the demands of the office worker, currently, I don't see that, beyond helping coordinate parties or meetings. I think you're right. What people fail to realize is that there are on-going support costs (and in this case time to respond to general queries). I think the main peeve is the way people find $4 coffee an afterthought, but find the $2 app worthy of being disproportionately discretionary. I was under the impression those were rougue officers. The city is not going to defend them --tho their union is, but that's wat unions do, they represent their membership vigorously. That's to say, they did not represent departmental policy and being such is not a "double standard". Reading thru that article quickly it came across as conspiratorial and convenient. It does not jibe with industry's clamor for better higher Ed nor does it make sense in the face of the resources one has at one's disposal with the Internet. It also seems to ignore that these issues are the same in many other leering economies where much of non secondary Ed is supplemented with "cram schools". I was about to say the same thing. I also don't understand some of the direction of the complaint. The people she knows who signed up were male, and that's unfortunate because? Her female friends were not being dicouraged from signing up, were they? I have no idea why the anecdotal self-selection would be bad. Would it be disappointing if most of her readers were female? Or would it be unfortunate if most poeople visiting substance-abuse support communities were substance abusers? Ok, so it's unfortunate that as far as she knows males signed up. But then, it's also bad that there is a $50 cost to entry. It's a qualitatively bad site (it's all these self-selecting guys), but I'd like it to be easier (dollar-free) to join a site I thought was the wrong direction in social? If app.net is successful, what would prevent others from creating their own interest-driven sites? It's not as if reddit, flickr, etc. have unified users sharing and seeing everything anyway. People who go to those sites generally spend their time in/with specific groups. Just because "it's open" and there is free access does not ensure that people from disparate groups within those sites interact and share ideas. People in many sites tend to gravitate towards like-minded people or at least similarly-interested people. Diversity of thought is a great goal, but in practice, people seldom look for people to genuinely question their beliefs. Bus drivers and those represented by unions and assciations will take a while to be eliminated from being necessary. It hasn't been necessary to have train operartors/conductors for a few decades but they persist, despite trains being by their nature of prescribed, unchanging, predictable routes with preditable stops, prime candidates for automation. Monorails, for some reason are an exception. Japan was able to track their last two AUM fugitives via CC-TVs in Train stations and thos on public utility poles (yes, it seems Japan still has a significant amount of local transmission wires above ground). The difference being facial rather than number plate recognition. In addition to big-crime solving such as AUM, they are also able to solve weird crimes like a couple who was disposing of their trash in highway rest-stops[1]. So it's two faceted, at least. On the one hand it facilitates crime-solving with fewer resources, on the other hand one loses one's anonymity in the big city (in smaller cities where everyone knows of everyone, this may be a lesser point). Exchange/forfeit privacy for money/fees/taxes. Google, Facebook would seem to point to people preferring convenience/paying fewer (taxes) than having anonymity. On the other hand, with Google and FB, you have a choice. Here it's either everyone opts in or opts out. [1] http://www.asahi.com/national/update/1209/OSK201112090099.ht... Not sure how registration works where you are, in Calif (and other states) the yearly registration sticker is color coded by year. So, while they may have sought to read the "month" sticker, they might have just looked for the color of the tag as an indicator. That's a good point. As cars become more automated and perhaps evolve into a fleet of roving cars one "hires", or even the personal ones, I can see where a driver or passenger has to be "authenticated" as they are let in. In addition, the automobiles would be in constant communication about any state with a central office. Something to this effect would obviate the need for external cameras, as one might assume this level of automation would allow for the autonomous vehicle to know if it was able to drive/ambulate legally or not (i.e., I'm not in compliance, do you wish to override, you can override 5 times before having to take it into a shop to have it re-registered and validated and authorized to carry people, etc. They probably would not call it an act of war without backing it up --so I doubt they would. If they did bluff and get called, next time hostilities flared up with Peru or Columbia, they might not be taken seriously. That's pretty cool of MA. They seem to have provided pretty quick turnaround and resolution, once they became aware of the situation and its possible repercussions on innovative companies operating in MA. As companies see quick response to something like this they might say, "gee, MA responded quickly and found quick resolution to an emergent issue; they are receptive to new ways of doing business, I think I'll do business in their state" as opposed to a possible recalcitrant alternative, which could have happened ---letting the process drag on... I was thinking that in the scenario where there is a roving fleet of non-chauffeured cars for hire, one would auth (or identify oneself) so that it was known who to charge back in a non-repudiable way. As a side-effect, it could be enhanced to check to see if the person did't have any outstanding warrants, leans, etc. against them. The system could, if allowed be programmed in such way, to take the person in, if it was certain/verifiable the person was "wanted" by the authorities. It sounds very dystopian, but it could happen, if the circumstances are right. The tamper-resistant tags're a good idea --the only drawback I can see is that in the process of trying to apply the sticker, the person applying the tags might destroy the tag accidentally --so, on balance they might figure that they'll take the occasional scofflaw in exchange of fewer complaints. Auth to make it non-repudiable. Right now with peopled (staffed) services, one can ask to check ID, if there is a level of suspicion, that's a type of authentication, the way I see things. Since these cars would not have an "agent" they'd, given circumstances and business model, may have a need to ID people in a non-repudiable way. I wasn't trying to beat a sci-fi scenario out. Just saying that this kind of automation would make the scenario possible, given the right legal allowances. It would be both useful (from a crime-fighting POV) and also very big-brother controlling. So I guess it depends on the balance people might find acceptable. There's a link right under the live account login/creation "Create a non-Microsoft account". It's on the same account creation screen. When Bo, XiLai's police chief in ChongQing sought asylum from a US counsulate, the counsulate recognized the issue was less simple political and more a political AND criminal matter and sent Wang, LiJung on his way back into the hands of the Chinese authorities. Basically, even if the US thought there was a political/persecutorial aspect to this, they recognized the gravity of the situation (that there were overriding factors) and in the spirit of maintaining relations, decided to send Wang, LiJung out on the street. Had the US not handed him back to China, China would have made things very difficult for the US, in other areas, as they are wont to do. This illustrates, that asylum and Vienna conventions and such are respected to a good degree, but there comes a time when most actors recognize that there can be extreme extenuating circumstances which make it impractical to be strictly principled in cases resemble local disputes. In this case, Ecuador is willing to burn bridges as it were --on the other hand, it's convenient for them. It gains them some cred in their circles and have nothing to lose (immediately, commerce wise). I mean, it's not as though they are the paragon of freedom in LatAm. I get the point, but I think the analogies are a bit artificial. "Starbucks is a trustable experience." The assumption is that all people all the time buy known brand coffee. From my own, I know I walk into coffee shops I have never been to before. Sometimes good, sometimes bad. Even at Starbucks there are times I ask for decaf and get caffed coffee, or other times, the green tea latte is just not mixed right, or the milk was a bit on the old side, etc. "Starbucks (or any known brand coffee) has no free alternative." Yes there is, it's water. Or, if you're looking for the substance of coffee, then there certainly are cheaper alternatives --Jolt, or no-doze, etc. Or there is also just plain regular non-espresso coffee for a quarter of the price, or office coffee. "Apps can be a gamble." Trying a new flavor of coffee drink can be a gamble, but given that Starbucks and other introduce new drinks, someone is taking the chance on unknowns. Well, it's trusted! Sure, but as you know, people will try stuff and will go back to what they always bought. Still, they're willing to forgo $4 to try something new which may or may not suit their palate. PS. For example, I really doubt people research new flavors before buying a new espresso drink combo but apparently they are willing to devote massive amounts of time and opportunity cost to research a dollar app. It's very lopsided and strange. That's somewhat encouraging, I think. At least it seems that some of the behavior could be changed, if the right references are invoked and if people's expectations can be changed (which they can, it would seem, as free was not the expectation, even 10yrs ago). Hmm, looking back, you're right. I missed the forest for the trees. I guess then, the question is why people find it natural to pay for tangible goods like coffee (a temporary good, but physical), a movie (an experiential good, also ephemeral and not physical) which by the way can be either good or mostly poor, a hammer (an extremely re-usable good and physical good) preventive care (is this tangible? not physical, anyhow) but when it comes to SW, people, depending on platform, perhaps, just don't want to pay, even if it's a nominal amount and go to extraordinary and disproportionate lengths to scrutinize the purchase taking hours perhaps researching an insignificant (in dollar terms) purchase. I think those a great ideas. One question I would have is how would one prevent people from karma burning? Could enough poor comments form a high-karma person make them forfeit their karma/gravitas --thus highly discourage such behavior? There is also sporadic violence in regions of India that barely hit the news. Or Philipinne or Indonesian or Brazilian violence which might make some corner of some news outlet. I think it' just one of those 'it's in a far away land with little presence in the world stage' problem. Still, the ongoing regional violence in Africa deserves more attention from the world, as their regional military police from the African Union seem either apathetic, powerless or corrupt and only go in at their whim, it would appear. App.net is only going to be a "problem" if the alternatives, for some reason, cease to exist, and no-one decides to enter the vacuum (private or public). But why stop there. Why not ask Twitter (and anyone else) to make everyone everyone else's followers. Is it fair to have to build your own followers? Isn't it unfair that only some people get to be trendsetters and leaders within those communities? What good is an open (or closed) platform if your voice is miniscule/diluted? Is exclusivity a problem, if you can build your own (exclusive/inclusive) clubs? Sure, the internet is nominally open, such that people are pretty much free to join G+, FB, Twitter, Blogger, etc. But in practice, most people self select and gravitate to their own places/groups/friends, etc. If you want to ensure an alternative open platform, then go ahead and build your own, if you can't, then as in any case where one is underrepresented, clamor, get attention and get served. If people in third world countries can build apps and sites to support their needs, there is no reason people in first world economies cannot. The way I understood the article is that BB (would) buy these small companies out (and thus lock up the distribution and lock out the Amazons of the world). Is the US at war with Venezuela, Iran and Cuba? Or, are embargoes and sanctions considered "war"? AFAIK, we're not at war with Afghanistan either, rather, we're warring against the Taleban and others but not the Afghan gov't proper. "Featured cuisines have included Iranian, Afghan, Cuban and Venezuelan food" Official or not, most (and me included) would consider VN, Iraq and Afghanistan wars. I guess my contention is that currently, the US is not at war with any particular country, however, it is involved in conflicts in some and has military presence in others (tho not in active fighting). So I guess my main point is that calling it war is a stretch but I acknowledge that they'd go out of business pretty soon, if they just went by general convention of what "war" is. Maybe an alternative ideas would be "conflict" food, that would enable them to serve food from ethiopia, india, tibet, afghanistan, sudan, colombia, mexico, phiipinnes, etc. and not let their fate rest on the possibility of peace. Somewhere (can't recall) it was said that those who predominantly worked from home, while effective as a workforce, suffered from lack of visibility and thus tended to not get raises or promotions as much as those who remained in the office (I assume this was normalized for responsibility/position). I can't see this working in San Francisco. Too many turns (there are enough bus-on-ped accidents) and hills (a lot of braking power to stop a full load). The only case scenario where I can see this working is as a BRT in a straight boulevard with a dedicated lane so there is no need to pass or "cut off" any other vehicles. I still use Chrome despite it not behaving very well with 10 or so tabs open. It either starts getting slow or will keep the previous page's cache and will refuse to load the new (URL) page. The ways around this are annoying. Close unresponsive tab and open new one, restart the browser or empty cache. FF seems not to suffer from this problem but it still feels a bit slower in general. "It doesn't look like _you_ beat your sig. other, this time." (or any other time). While not saying that this person did ever beat them before, someone might make that connection. So "Americans think" (and others might think, but we have not queried them). It's at least ambiguous in that it allows for easy misinterpretation. What's more, this incident likely created more interest than they would have ever had -had this not been rejected. Not saying rejection was their anticipated motive, but in retrospect, it did give the data visibility. So, in that sense, it is a likely positive outcome for their purpose. There are some controversial studies that show that immigrant blacks can do well -even better than 'native' whites in education. Some of it may have to do with parenting, family structure, social status, etc. http://www.bornblackmag.com/Black_Immigrants_Vs_African_Amer... It's controversial because some people will take the results and skew the findings to fit their pov without taking into account some of the background. On the other hand, amongst 'native' blacks there can appear a class divide as well http://sitemaker.umich.edu/356.pitts/ogbu_theory_ In a kind of related story, professional, rich black parents wanted to find out why their children seemed to be underperforming vis a vis their parents' expectations. http://www.eastbayexpress.com/ebx/rich-black-flunking/Conten... The conclusions are a bit controversial. I think you're mostly right about this. Aside from a few items, the south bay can match SF point for point. The big difference is that in the SB you need to know where those places are (they're not always obvious) and you have to drive many exits to get from one place to another. For example, if I want hole-in-the-wall Mexican cuisine and I want some Vietnamese dessert, I might be able to walk from one place to the next, in SF. In SJ accomplishing the same would mean going from somewhere in north San Jose, to then somewhere on Senter road. There's no way to walk it (ok, 2 hours). If I want Cambodian it's another trek across the freeways. So, yes, things are there in the SB, but you have to know where to find them and they can be very far from each other. But, if you like "discovery" of hidden places, the SB has some interesting hidden in plain sight places. They're hidden because most have a very targeted (ethnic) audience and few people outside that audience tend to know about those places, unless intro'd by someone who knows. That is to say, the 'ethnic' aspects of SF actually have a diverse audience in mind, while in SJ, for example, most of the ethnic aspects are directed to a select audience and thus are less approachable by outsiders. At least that's how I felt about these things when I was in SJ. Here's an interesting article from consumer reports which looks into the cost of car ownership. http://www.consumerreports.org/cro/2012/06/what-that-car-rea... This graphic (from CR) shows how depreciation accounts for most of the cost of owning a car, over time. http://imgur.com/wrOQu Well, fortunately, corn is technically (botanically) a fruit. A dry fruit consisting of one fused seed. Well, there is the botanical pov and the culinary pov. From a culinary pov, corn is mostly a veg. but there are exceptions like the grain (dry fruit) for popcorn. San Francisco has limited land, so there is a natural constraint on growth; in addition, there is a form of rent control and then there are lots of stipulations for building new units in the city. these things contribute to the low inventory, I think. I wish they would allow more common sense building in the city. For example, in some areas, the shadows from new buildings may not be allowed to cast on neighborhood parks from 10am to 4pm, or so. This has killed a few projects. Then you have powerful neighborhood groups (like the ones along the embarcadero) who won't allow dense building because they would limit their view. I understand their position, but it's a selfish one. No one "owns" a view. More over, their buildings obstruct buildings behind them, but they would insist on having their own buildings be demolished to give others a view --nevermind that this could go on till very few houses were left. The building requirements, in my layman's view, is that the requirements are onerous (compared to say San Jose) and make housing in SF an artificially limited/scarce resource which puts pressure on housing. The Peninsula is not much better. Neighbors always bring up traffic but then never approve BART to alleviate some of that traffic concern (or some other form of local mass transit (let's say spurs from the main Caltrain stations meandering to the local downtowns which host offices). My frustration is such that I wish someone like ABAG were given the power to overrule locals and allow them to do proper (integrated regional) planning and allow building up (vertically) to take the pressure off of housing in the Bay Area. > San Francisco is a city of neighborhoods, each with their own character, and it's probably most reasonable to look at development on a neighborhood-by-neighborhood basis. I think this is what SF locals like to invoke as a reason. I don't really think it bears out. Paris is full neighborhoods, but it's a dense city. Tokyo is dense with thousands of small neighborhoods. Taipei is dense with hundreds of small neighborhoods with their own character. all these cities realise they are urban and they need to accommodate growing populations. Basically, it's red-herring. >...but building a residential high-rise in the FiDi? Look at the Transbay Terminal project SoMa is the only place where it's somewhat less onerous to build. But the FinDis? Not quite, even if it was historically amenable to tall buildings. Last time a tower was attempted, it was rejected on the basis of "character" and casting shadows[1]. I really dislike the "character" argument. It's as if things were not meant to grow and change. It's as if they'd want the city to be a "living" museum. It's a romantic, but unnatural notion, to me. I want some progress, sure, manage it, so it does not end up like Mumbai, or something like that. >any time you're talking SF, there is the elephant in the room... Lots of cities live on fault lines. LA, Seattle, Tokyo, Taipei, MDF., etc. You need to build them to code. And, not only that, but we already have tall buildings, it's not as if this is Phoenix, so this is beside the point. > Bay Area is better than most in that regard I would disagree with that. The Bay Area has 6 million+ residents. It's one of the most poorly coordinated regions with such a large population. W/re views. I realize that's how it is, but I think it should be more a public good. How does NYC, Tokyo, MDF, Paris and so on deal with this? Obviously it's not disallowing growth in those cities. As long as they don't build monstrosities like they do in Caracas, I think sensible blending is okay and if you lose some view, so be it and be happy you had something which wasn't actually yours. I mean, SF thinks of itself as "progressive" but then, something as vain as "view" is like a sacred cow. how does that make sense? [1]. http://www.sfgate.com/bayarea/nevius/article/Tower-new-front... With Tokyo I was referring to the 23 wards. To take the metro area and calculate the density would be like going down to Palo alto and up to San Rafael and expand the density to those areas. Yes, true, Paris is not not full of high rises, but as you mention, you don't typically have the 2 and 3-story low-rises and neither does Tokyo. Tokyo, quite interestingly for such a dense city, does not have many skyscrapers, tho it has many high rises. But anyway, I could have said HK or Singapore, both have land limits and are on quake zones and both have lots of highrises and also a few skyscrapers. The way those cities achieve their densities is not via lots of skyscrapers, but via lots and lots of mid-rises and highrises. From 8 to about 25 floors. Most in the 8-16 range, IIRC. Good question. I'm not sure. Maybe it's economics, or maybe a combination of economics and zoning. The one area in SF which got the 'stamp of approval' for that vision, is the China Basin/Mission Bay area. Those tend to be 6 to 15 floor developments. I think that's a good direction. It's not super tall but also does not despoil land with awful low-rise ininspired developments with the collapse-prone first floors (the ones with 'garages' on the first floors). On the economic side, I think cities prefer single family devs because they can levy more taxes (as they do it per acre, I think). I don't see why they don't tax by livable (inhabitable) space and land, that way they can compensate for the greater density in required services. Anyway, I've begun reading Jane Jacobs's "The Death and Life of Great American Cities"[1]. It provides interesting insight into the suburbanization of America (and other places, of course, but she looks at the American side of it) and its impact on quality of life and how it may be time to rethink the suburbanization and revitalize cities to make the inner cores actual livable places, not just places where people drive in for work. It's an old tome, but it's still very relevant today. W:re Soviet style (and even section 8 in the US and Council Estates in the UK) the planners were kind of utilitarian and naive. They more or less saw them as solutions for housing people as if they were storing objects. Little in the way of allowances for human nature. The plans were a bit too abstract. For example, let's say they thought it'd be nice to have a community area. They'd afford a room somewhere in a building, but put little thought on where might be optimum or how people might use it and have equally easy access to it. So they might end up being dingy unused areas which might just get defaced or used by low level criminals. [1] http://www.amazon.com/Death-Life-Great-American-Cities/dp/06... Well, you could choose to work on the other side of it: discovery (detection) to allow interdiction. It's probably not an easy challenge, but it'd be legal and have quite a budget behind it, if you did find a viable (economical) solution. That's true but Microsoft caved in to Metro AG's demands that that not use the 'Metro' name in their Windows product. That's true but Microsoft caved in to Metro AG's (German Retailer) demands that they (MS) not use the 'Metro' name in their Windows product. Why can't they just amend the law so that the camera stations can be equipped with cameras which can take footage of saboteurs? Where's the sense of adventure and romance in that? Lots of explorers of yore could have met with the similar arguments. Some people can stay behind and man/woman? the home front, others can go off to explore and expand our existence. Not that there's no cost to it, but let's hope, that overall, it's a net plus. As a species we have wanderlust built-in, perhaps. I think it should be "Yahoos!" She said "Yahoo!" They all gave some "Yahoos!" Just so long as they don't vacillate as Panic(!) at the disco has. Serious question, if the Railway company was a government institution when the design was released, is the design not in the public domain? Nowadays, it seems they're quasi-governmental, but back then I think they were strictly a national org. It'd be like DARPA trying to get royalties on the internet or something similar. I could be wrong in this line of thinking, of course. While this is true, there are bounds of I (heart) something_somethings and AFAIK, NYC does not go after them for infringement (I feel as though Apple's rendition is sufficiently different that it's not the same as the orig (hand lengths, motion, etc). Moreover, in the NYC case, I (heart) NY is trademarked and part of an advert campaign, so I can understand their defence of their TM. Did The Swiss RR get a design patent for the timepiece? So, while you are right about the ability of a gov to register and/or patent things, I'm surprised they'd be willing to follow through. It's not as though Apple is trying to make money off of them by selling a knock off product or piggybacking on an advert campaign. Good point none the less and thanks for the explanation. Right, of course. I meant you could have a "J' (heart) Bruxelles" in the same design and not get sued, so long as Brussells hadn't had that TMed. At least I'd hope not. Twitter remained in sf because the supes and mayor gave them (and workers) a huge tax break -provisionally for workers. Twitter got to stay; the city got to expand its revitalization of mid-market Exactly right. SF is surprisingly conservative despite its social liberalism. It wants to remain a Victorian oasis in the 21st century. Development seems to have to meet extraordinary reqs compared to say SJ. SJ on the other hand is built out like a huge suburb with no downtown core. -I don't know about you, but if I had to hire between 50 A students and 50 D students, I'd hire the A students. -Schools in Africa grade students, who are they trying to keep out? -Some schools might be run as a business; I think most aren't (they're subpar and inefficient). If they are, they're run as a mom and pop. If San Francisco schools were businesses, they'd have gone bankrupt and displaced a while ago. It makes things less convenient but there are other entry vectors such as USB drives, Hard Drives, firmware, etc. Moreover, they could just use their local (inside Iran) assets --of course, one would probably not want to make it easy to trace back to assets, so maybe internet cafes and such. I see how this can be framed as "oppressive government can make rational decisions to preserve its status quo" while avoiding the elephant in the room. But this analysis can be applied to any oppressive government (Argentina of the 80's, Zimbabwe of the last 20 yrs, Idi Amin, etc. So, from that perspective this is true. At the same time their government is more interested in maintaining a theocracy and suppressing internal opposition than in providing a functional government for its people -all the while presenting it internally as an "us against them" issue. AFAIK, the mentality of quite a few mainlanders is long-term. In other words, one generation is willing to put in the downpayment for the next or the one after that such that one generation is willing to put up with sacrifice if there is evidence for prosperity for the next. (This was exaggeratedly exemplified by Mao's "we don't care if we lose 300 million, our women will make it up in one generation".) For example, moms and dads riding rickety bikes to and fro work, etc. rather than buying a car on credit or taking hand-me-downs without second thoughts from relatives and so on and using the saved money instead to put their children thru school or pay for after school cram schools. Not to say that doesn't happen in North America, but here it's more exceptional than in China, as far as I could tell. The article stated that in some academies, at least, they were surpassing the 20% civilian faculty goal, so it seems that they are trying to make it less 'technocratic'. >It's funny how often I run into people in the tech/science/math scene who have similar opinions. Likewise lots of people in other fields wonder why they are subjected to "maths I will never use". It's easier for people to justify something they prefer than that which they have less interest in. My feeling is that without a dedicated world body with the force of law behind it like a "Bern Convention" but for labor, what you are proposing is fantastic. It's as if one might expect people who buy a burger from McDonald's to go ahead and give the half way difference between what a burger costs at McDonald's and a Gourment burger joint (assuming McD pays its employees around minimum wage and the Gourment joint pays more) to McD's workers "to be fair". If China feels it's in its interest not to bolster its labor laws and not to vigorously enforce those it has, then leaving it up to individual companies to unilaterally take up the good cause is not an effective policy. The central government could fix all these issues, but it feels they are subservient to other issues. Mandating higher wages risks making automation more attractive which would dispossess these marginal workers. Foxconn as it is, is exploring this alternative as they witness wage inflation. Why would Volkswagen, Toyota, Dell, Hitachi, Samsung, even Huawei, etc., unilaterally require that their OEMs pay their (OEMs's not actually the foreign firms's) employees any more than they do when doing so would put them at a disadvantage vis a vis other OEMs and those customers who do not pay higher wages? Let's say Acer picked up the good cause but no one else did, Acer would eventually lose to the others due to higher costs. It's not as though the OEMs and their customers need to compete for labor. The city, in my opinion, does provide above average (compared to other US cities) care to homeless via many city and non-profit programs. Part of how they fund those programs is a problem. The problem is that the non-profits are not subject to sunshine laws so that we may not know how effective those monies have been. For example, over the years the city in its wisdom has seen it fit to divert over 600million from the Hetch Hetchy system into the general fund (which is where police, parks and non-profits can apply for funding). so now the city is asking for a prop to raise 3.6 billion to fix the Hetch Hetchy water system --which they'd been neglecting. In any event, the homeless and mental illness problem cannot be a city or state issue. It needs to become a national issue so that the problem can be addressed nationally but delivered locally. Otherwise people with these issues are attracted by places which treat them nicely (and thus over tax the locality) while migrating away from places which provide little treatment --i.e the 'nice' places get penalized for trying to be nice. http://www.sfgate.com/green/article/A-CHRONICLE-SPECIAL-REPO... http://www.sfbg.com/39/23/cover_foi_nonprofits.html High density has advantages of scale, i.e efficiency. On the other hand, when things break, they break massively I.e. a power outage, a garbage strike, etc. Also, infectious diseases propagate faster. Still, I would take density over sprawl, if push came to shove. I wish San Fracisco would adopt some of the Chinese practicality when it comes to urbanism --not the ugliness of the uniform apartment block buildings, but the allowing of change and growth. Yes, but regardless of how Otellini feels, he never said what they said he had said. So it's very deceptive. One of the small but nagging issues which will need to be resolved is how to deal with "items left behind". When more people begin to use public cars for personal use/hire people will begin leaving phones, strollers, jackets, wallets in these vehicles. Unless the cars are to have omnidirectional cameras or electronic trackers to monitor everything, people are going to lose things. This is going to be a pain point. It might be just becoming aware -as people do in taxicabs but at least honest cabbies will return items as its in their interest to maintain good reputation --a stranger is only bound by altruism. The app has many shortcoming sure. But criticizing an icon is getting petty. Icons are abstractions of items, not the item. So, while it could be used as representative of the problems of the map in an editorial way, it's not really a problem. What a naff article. That girl in Gilligan's island wasn't called "ginger" for nothing. Sodders! I can only hope you're right. The history of the supes though is that they pander to the people who want to "conserve the rich history and diversity of the city". It sounds nice, but what it results in is paralysis and band-aids (for example in the provisions to grant building permits is to build "affordable" housing.) So the builders build million dollar condos (who only few can afford) and the below-market condos -who only the near destitute qualify for). That leaves most people competing for the few actually (non subsidized) affordable places, which due to pressures are the leftovers (substandard inventory -old, needing repairs, lousy areas, etc). I have little respect and some disdain for the supes . They have driven the city's progress into the ground. Anywhere else, these policies would have driven the place into a Detroit West, but they get propped up the the surrounding valleys' wealth. I could only wish the city was governed a bit like SJ --without the sprawl. >Creativity thrives in an environment of diversity I don't know how that assumption would correlate with SV. The Peninsula and the SR237 triangle aren't known for their creative diversity --they were orchards just a few decades back -but those valleys were the primary genesis for the information technology we have today. When the HPs, Fairchildren, NatSemis, Intels, etc. began all the Beatnicks were in SF. The valley was a kind of backwater --well, it was mostly orchards, from what I can tell. Despite that those companies were able to find bright people who brought forth progress and ideas which profoundly affect us today. So, I don't really see the correlation between creative types and the discoveries by the engineers. That's not to say engineers can't enjoy the creative arts as pleasure, but to say they are related directly seems a stretch, to me. It's not a detriment to have creatives, but not sure they were a necessary ingredient. > I think there's definitely a loss when a place becomes homogenous due to gentrification. I think the premise is an old canard. Post WWII Tokyo had a choice to make. Change rapidly and modermize and progress or remain chained to its old ways and remain a kind of defeated backwater. They chose the former, and while modern, Tokyo is not "boring" and homogenous. There are thousands of distinct neighborhoods with their own unique character, despite the fast pace of building and modernization. Thanks for the tip. I'll give it a read when I have some time. Still, questions linger. Artis live up and down the coast from Santa Cruz down to LA. There are even art towns/communities -I don't see a lot of innovation coming from there. Sure, artwise they may be avant guarde, but proponents of progress (aside from social change) and drivers of innovation, I don't see that. If anything, they seem to tend towards conservatism when it comes to progress. Now, engineers and scientists might enjoy and even admire artists for their literary imagination, expressiveness, showship, fame, etc. In popular culture, perhaps perpetuated via the products of these same artists, people tend to stereotype engineers as socially inadequate and dull. So that's a bit ironic. Personally, I think it's somewhat incidental. Engineers and scientists have some of the 'artist' in the old Renaissance sense of the word, but they are primarily innovators and not expressive artists. >Now what do you propose that we should do about it? Asians (Chinese and Japanese Americans were severely discriminated against in the US --to the point it was illegal for them to own property in some states (till '46). Yet, in a few decades, they were able to overcome the discrimination and even best whites as a whole. Much of that appears to me culture based, not even ethnicity based. Now, not all Asians do well and have the same aptitude toward education and sacrifice. Compare East Asians with SouthEast Asians with Island Asians. Still, from my exposure, there is a large percentage whose parents inculcate learning and education and sacrifice (ex. Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother as modern example). On the other hand look at Appalachian whites. Education is made fun of and they are some of the poorest people in America. Essentially, make education and learning something held dear and worthwhile. Many other white kinds I went to school with were apathetic towards education (these guys are now laying carpets and driving trucks and so on). It's totally different mindset comapred to say, ABCs. They might not "like" school, but they know it's a means to and end rather than an obstacle to having fun. Throwing resources for the sake of it, I think would fall short. There has to be a plan and a change of attitude towards education, towards teaching, etc. by parents, pupils and society. Lots of students are dismissive of school, lots of parents expect school to do the child formation for them and forget that most of the responsibility lies with them. Finland and Singapore are small and so their successes might now translate perfectly for a large, diverse nation. Yet, they might still have some lessons for us to learn. One of the largest problems, in my view, might just be inertia. There are lots of people with large political capital tied up in the current system and are not willing to give it up despite this hurting chances of progress for the people they are trying to help. I think he's referring to the European experience, ghettoes, etc. Anyhow, yes we know a problem exists. I think the main problem is not so much discrimination (it's a problem, but not the bigger/basic problem) as having equal access to education (from society and from the parents -i.e. it's not just up to teachers to teach). Without a good education, anti-discrimination will only allow you equal opportunity at shitty jobs) The second issue is just having fewer children allows parents to plow more money and attention into the fewer children they have. I think some of the fruit of fewer children is being seen by black parents as compared to latin american parents (who tend to have larger families) this despite latin families not being subject to the same discrimination in the US. Re discussion. Pick any topic --this is what happens here. It's hardly surprising nor is it only seen in these discussions. We could try the box-style left turns that are deployed in Asia (s well as a few places in the US). http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=juNLGZrb5Ak Yep, that's one and the same. Thanks! I think those are the best solution for intersections with semaphore lights. Stop signs might require something else. It's definitely better than the Dell, HP, Intel pages or IBM pages, in my opinion. >actually just going to a browser on a phone. There are more people doing that than the iPhone and all of Android phones combined, right? So it's actually a pretty diverse ecosystem. I can't make sense of that quote. More people are on the mobile web version than there are iphones and android phones combined. Either very few people are on native apps, or there are sizable WinPhone and Blackberry componets. That's what came to mind first, but I'm glad it was more serious and that the court did consider the use of the song "fair use" and that copyright holders should consider the fair use of their copyrighted material before sending a takedown notice. Sometimes I think the EFF overreaches, but here this is 'common sense' stuff that they should (and did) pursue. Kudos. So then, are table tennis, boxing and basketball or gymnastics not meritocracies either and thus deserving of more representative demographics? Should those sports seek to find more balance in their professional profiles? Should leagues try to find and be incentivized to fill their ranks with underrepresented demographics? Are industry responsible or is the educational system responsible for developing interest and providing guidance to the newer generations (in addition to initiative by the student body)? Doesn't this suggest that way back when Informatics/IT was boring and unattractive to the great majority but a few 'engineering types' that people set up in advance a system that would filter out undesirables? I think that's giving these theoretical gatekeepers more credit than they deserve. People don't typically plan that far in advance for a day when their profession might be 'displaced by the other'. (for example Y2K) I think it's more of a case of engineers filtering out using the tools which have worked in the past and perhaps not revising them, if they need revising, but not from some kind of nefarious conspiracy. In the US, it was more or less unregulated till the 50s/60s. Also, your claim does not explain European countries' stand on it or that of African nations.