Has anyone been able to get this to work? The deploy keeps failing for me. no Didn't seem to work for me in Chrome. I got a face outline, but it never drew the overlay. I'm proud to call myself a nogrammer. I'd much rather use/modify existing code than write from scratch. Are there any adblocker-like/privacy-proxy tools to neuter extensions like this? You can also see the bubble level result card if you switch Chrome dev tools to mobile emulation mode. Like many, I'm supremely confused about this history and current state of Google's various chat systems. Does anyone know of a comprehensive timeline of all the various permutations? I would read it just to boggle at how many poor decisions could be made by a single company in a single category. I wish Google would offer VPN service again (waaaay back they had some Windows utilities that would proxy your web connection). After watching Google closely for years, I'm pretty sure this was not intentional or malicious. Isn't this almost identical to what Apple was doing in 2011: https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2011/04/how-apple-tracks-you... With behavior like this (and previous acts) I view Mozilla as less trustworthy than Google. Wouldn't Chromium be a better option for those who still don't like Google? I'm still glad that Firefox mobile is available since Chrome mobile doesn't support extensions (e.g. for ad blocking). I always assumed this was why the Pixelbook was so gratuitously over-spec'ed. Agree. It's a fun game to think up edge cases that would challenge a self-driving car. On average these cars will far outperform human drivers. I see human drivers blow through stop signs every day completely unaware that they did so. Also trains Obviously it looks like a notch, but I don't know why it's not viewed as 2 extra tabs of screen that would otherwise be bezel. I prefer better water and dust resistance over having a headphone jack. I complain about Google having too many competing/overlapping products, so I can't really complain when they close/merge them. The best time to shutdown Allo was before it launched, the second best time is now. Can god make a stone so heavy that he can not lift it? Great suggestion. For those comparing Everything and Wizfile (which I just installed), it looks like Wizfile doesn't support regex whereas Everything does. Lake effect? If you're worried about plants, you shouldn't eat animals, because they eat a lot more plants than you would. "Potaterade" Chrome too: https://blog.chromium.org/2020/01/introducing-quieter-permis... Agreed. An insult to real engineers. As misleading as calling programmers Software Doctors. I think this is what you're looking for (though you'll need to find some discontinued hardware to run it I think): https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.vr.... Dollar cost averaging seems to be more of a psychological strategy than a financial one: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dollar_cost_averaging#Criticis... Same! until I switched to Mint Mobile just a few months ago because I was regularly hitting the bandwidth limit. I wish Google Fi was price competitive and didn't have conflicts with Google Voice, but it's just not there. I love the content on Tik-Tok (America's youths are hilarious!), but I'm also excited for anything that will get YouTube off it's ruinous path of forcing creators to stretch a video that should be ~2 minutes into something 10 minutes long. "591007" does that make me and ICQ OG? If you haven't seen 3D scans yet, you will soon. Virtual walkthroughs surging due to COVID. I love Kiwi Browser! If it was able to Save "Webpage, Complete", I'd use it as my mobile daily driver. One of the all-time most cursed diagrams I've seen: https://www.scaledagileframework.com/ . I could not believe it was not parody. It's a shame that Waymo (as well as Google Streetview?) isn't operating on the road at this time, since there's probably no better chance to do mapping as when there are far fewer cars and people to obstruct the view. Rentable portable removable gas generators that attach to you tow hitch are also a decent solution for charging on the go. Even that monopoly-style strategy never made sense to me since the barrier to entry for a competitor to create a ride-coordination app is low (Lyft has made one, Google, certainly could) and the switching-cost to the end user is low (I have zero loyalty to Uber or Lyft). I've never understood why they don't do this. I have to assume that the majority of their sales go to Chicago apartment/condo dwellers rather than suburban homes. I wish there was more discussion around how to get these delivery apps to compete with each other on price. Are there any meta-delivery apps where you can easily compare prices? If exercise was a drug, no one would believe it could have so many positive effects. Agree. Face-to-face is the highest bandwidth communication medium we have. It's not for everything, but there are definitely certain types of explanation/negotiation that happen much faster and have better outcomes in person. I love this type of practical solution that gets most of the benefit for a tiny fraction of the cost. The article does a pretty good job of laying out the many mistakes that compounded their problems. My feeling is that the world at large underestimates the impact of social media and Hacker news overestimates it. Not sure how to rate the infulential-ness of different media, but Fox News was HUGELY influential to the voters that decided the last presidential election: https://www.vox.com/2019/3/4/18249847/fox-news-effect-swing-... It was wild. The MHz increases were big and made a difference. The current trends toward more cores are just a consolation prize for not being able to improve scalar performance. It's hard to remember exactly what result quality was like in 2010, but I'm very satisfied with the utility I get form Google search. I can throw a dozen different oddball questions at it and either get the answer directly (without even needing to click through to an often slow and cluttered page), or get what I was looking for as the top result. They do all this in an extremely adversarial environment where "SEO" people spend the majority of their effort trying to boost their pages for specific words. Was Google+ the largest social network that didn't have advertising? In the right hands, Google+ could've been a strong ad-free alternative to Facebook/Instagram and Twitter. fwiw the question mark is not present in the original article. It is unclear in what ways this is different/better than O&O ShutUp10 ( https://www.oo-software.com/en/shutup10 ), aside from that tool having a much worse name. Alternate headline: "Google Saves Millions of Hours of Time by Providing Answers Directly" Is this a valid analogy?: Imagine you had a brilliant friend who read all the books in a library and answered any question you asked her. Would you say this friend is stealing profit from book publishers? Capitalism seems like it could do an OK job if we priced in more externalities like resource extraction (e.g. fee for taking oil out of the ground) and pollution. Good to remember blog posts like this for all those who claim Google isn't innovating or investing in search. This is the type of infrastructure that goes in to extracting useful information from the web. It's easy how Disney and Twitter would be a bad fit, but don't forget that Hasbro (toy company) owns Death Row Records home to a group N.W.A. where the "N" stands for the "n-word". https://nypost.com/2019/08/25/hasbro-acquires-gangster-rap-l... I've long felt that annotation was one of the greatest missed opportunities of the web. Every major content website implements commenting differently and often poorly. I'd much prefer to have comments come from a third party system where I can: own my own comments, not be subject to removal by the author of the content, and choose the group of people I want to discuss with. Imagine if hackernews discussions appeared right along the content instead of being hidden away where no reader of the content could find them. Gmail's handling of tracking pixels might be even better, it automatically downloads and caches all images in a email. This has a few benefits: 1) Renders any gmail "open rate" analytics useless 2) Makes the email load faster in your email client since images are coming from Google's fast cache https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2013/12/gmail... You're right: https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2013/12/gmail... Though it might be possible for marketers to still track individual email opens? https://redant.com.au/how-we-do/cache-busting-gmail-new-imag... NYT also has the counterpoint: "Vaccine Rates Drop Dangerously as Parents Avoid Doctor’s Visits" https://www.nytimes.com/2020/04/23/health/coronavirus-measle... Craigslist probably belongs on this list. Google has minimal interest in "apps" (which many companies can do an OK job at) and much more interested in planet-scale data/machine-learning/AI (which is much much harder and something that Google is still very far ahead of everyone at). This serves as a good reminder how lucky we are that email worked out that we can use any number of clients with any number of services and still freely communicate any other email address in the world. Compare this to instant messaging which is full of incompatible walled gardens: Slack, Microsoft Teams, iMessage, Hangouts, WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, etc. etc. etc. Might try switching to "ok, cool" for Google Assistant since "hey google" is one of the most awkward/ugly sounding phrases to have to repeat over and over. I wish houses were a fraction as well made and useful as even economy cars. Amen. My guess would be that 90% of Hacker News readers use a desktop browser ad blocker, but Some article pointed out that the mirror has some potential to be a useful form factor for information display alongside phone, laptop, tablet, watch, book reader, and Alexa/Google Home display. If "free-dumb" doesn't appear somewhere in the article, it missed a real opportunity. Amen, I've seen so many failed attempt to automate a process that hadn't even been attempted the "slow" "unscalable" way first. Doing a task manually a few (dozen?) times will reveal a disproportionate amount of information about what actually needs to be done. Single-purpose and supersized version of the Nest Hub Max ($229). I have no doubt that Zoom has consumer aspirations somewhere in its future. I can't speak to the rigor/validity of this study, but, taken together, the benefits of exercise are amazing. If exercise was a drug, no one would believe all the benefits could be real. I share your enthusiasm for TikTok. It's the first social media app that felt like fun instead of an obligation. I have no doubt something will come along and ruin it (olds, monetization, acquisition). For now, it's really magical. It genuinely gives me hope for the next generation. They are impressively clever short-form story-tellers and continuously innovating techniques. Agreed. It's hard for me not to suspect that there's some strong motivation by interested parties to make TikTok a boogeyman. I'm much more concerned about unintentional harm caused by incompetence (Facebook) or deliberate messaging for a purpose (Fox News, or pick whoever your personal least favorite media source is). Slack doesn't need to be free, but it's overpriced for the value it's offering. Same story with Zoom. Exactly correct about the print-oriented interface. Writely, and earlier versions of Google Docs didn't force you to pretend you were writing on a piece of paper. I would love a "Google Docs for text files"! TSLA is absolutely the present-day BTC. The irony is that Google search does a much better job searching products on Amazon.com than Amazon does. BingBong It appears as though very few Hacker News commenters have spent any time using Tiktok. It is the only enjoyable, enriching social media service I've ever used. Most everything many of us liked about the old/weird internet is present on Tiktok right now: almost no ads or commercial presense, personal content from real people (not hyper produced productions from influencers and pros), weird content, niche content, organically viral content, positive/encouraging comment sections. I've been exposed to such a huge diversity of things on Tiktok: people with physical disabilities, hilarious and creative videos from high schoolers, an elementary school kids frog journal, dance videos with single-digit views, large engine repair tips, home improvement tips, pet ducks, absurdist memes. You owe it to yourself to not dismiss Tiktok as a time-waster for idle teens. Those positive aspects of Tiktok are something we should be figuring out how to expand elsewhere. Like Friendster or Myspace, I think the main obstacle was being slightly too early to market. Absolutely. I like (give a heart to) most videos I watch, but I skip right over any videos from celebrities. I really like the variety that is in my feed now that it has a history of what I've liked. The "top" tiktoks are not representative of what's in my feed at all. I'd wager that the top 10 most viewed TV shows also fare pretty poorly if rated them on content, depth, purpose, etc. Dupe Being stubbornly against lidar makes no sense. The sensors are slightly more expensive now, but dropping fast. I want my driving software to have super human capabilities. Any sensor that can cost effectively save lives and improve performance should be used. Seems like a huge win for Microsoft to be able to buy the hottest social media service at a fire sale price. Will other bidders be allowed? Periodic reminder that though "forbes.com" may have implied some credentials in the past, it is now a site where anyone can post anything. Reminder that your "regulations" are often my "protections". It's also the best way to get accurate data on how many searches for "heroku" there are. Without an ad running, you only get estimates. Housing would be much better if we could get it to follow anything like the technology price value trend. Housing today is barely better in terms of quality or value from 50 years ago. To expect housing to improve as fast as handheld devices is unrealistic, but I think they should be improving at around the same rate as cars. I use Firefox because it does things that Chrome won't like extensions on mobile and better (and riskier) extension capabilities overall. So many of their projects stink of indulgence and adventurism rather than anything that differentiates them from other browsers. By what measure? Most video games seem far worse to me. Isn't methane odorless? I don't know what other people think, but IE to me is synonymous with a browser that was good, but then stopped improving in any meaningful way for years. The first version of Chrome showed that there was still immense worthwhile improvements that could be made in browsers. If anything, the rate of improvements to Chrome is accelerating, even after they established marketshare dominance. This is probably straying a little off-topic, but AMP seems nothing like a walled garden when compared to Facebook, Instagram, or Apple app store. It cuts both ways. Shutting down projects that aren't core can also be seen as focusing on what matters. Google shutting down products also gives room for other companies to fill that need. The Google Reader shutdown was the besting thing ever to happen to Feedly. I wish Firefox was a little more aggressive in shutting down some of its side-projects to focus on the things where they can provide value that other strictly-commercial companies will not. The excess and non-obvious battery drain that can come from plugins is probably a large part of their reasoning. Fortunately, because of the openness of Chromium, you can install browsers like Kiwi browser that support extensions. Even Firefox only barely supports extensions right now on mobile. So true. The introduction of Chrome was nearly as big as the jump from MapQuest to Google Maps. The potential for a vastly better experience had been there for a long time, but no one was taking advantage of it. I would not want to be Optimizely and have to compete against a strong free offering like Google Optimize. All money spent causes pollution if you trace it back far enough. As a first approximation, environmental impact is directly proportional to cost. Unfortunately, many people treat Tesla auto-pilot and Waymo's Driver as though they were similar, when Waymo is probably 10x more capable, reliable, robust. I see this as similar to how people equate Alexa and Siri simple voice commands to Google Assistant's deep knowledge. Vegan for 20+ years (now 40). I've never had any protein deficiency or any other nutrition related health problems. I weight lift so I take a scoop or 2 of brown rice/pea/soy protein which gets me to what any muscle gain diet guidelines recommend. What's bad about these ingredients? More data beats smarter algorithms any day, and TikTok gets a lot of data because its videos are so short and interaction rate so high. There are tons of signals it can use as inputs: How much of a video did you let play before swiping next? How many times did you let the video loop? Did you like? Did you comment? Did you like a comment? Did you click through to the profile? Did you view other videos from the profile? I've also found that TikTok does a good job of throwing in unexpected videos to test the waters of what the user is interested in. This diversity is one of my favorite things about it. Agreed. TikTok has very good built-in video tools, but the creativity and sense of storytelling in short form videos on the part of these kids is very impressive. There's so much good meta-data (likes, comments, duration, sound used, views, like/view ratio, skips, loops, subscribes, etc.) that I'd be surprised if they were digging into the contents of the video at all right now. Google was able to build a very useful search engine that ran for decades relying on the significance of links and keywords, without much understanding of the meaning of page content. You can get very far with the readily available data, before you need to delve into the fancy stuff to make it a few percent better. Glad I was able to help introduce you to that idea. I was first introduced to it by Peter Norvig (Google): https://static.googleusercontent.com/media/research.google.c... Seems like a drone with these characteristics could have a lot of nonmilitary uses as well: search and rescue, wildlife research, small deliveries, etc. I wish we spent more time talking about "habitat destruction" instead of "climate change", while understanding that climate change is the largest form of habitat destruction. "change" feels neutral. "destruction" is always bad. There's also a lot of habitat destruction (e.g. ocean acidification) that might not fit the normal concept of "climate change". "Habitat destruction" can include things like deforestation, which would be bad even if it didn't affect climate. "Habitat destruction" might also serve as a reminder that we're destroying our own habitat as well, not just that of other plants and animals. I really hope Internet Archive (or someone similar) is furiously downloading all the videos and comments it can. I am also a Google One subscriber. (I think I got grandfathered in to some tier where I get 2TB storage for real cheap.) Google One would be a lot more compelling if it included Stadia, YouTube Red(?), Youtube TV, Youtube Music, Google Play Pass, Fitbit Premium, Nest Aware, etc. As is, Google One would more accurately be named "Google None", because it includes none of the things you would expect. I agree that being a game platform would be enough to be profitable, though their biggest dream must be to be the ultimate gatekeeper/taxman to what goes into your eyes. Aside from injecting thoughts right into your brain, what is more important than a screen that blocks out everything else you see? (phone, laptop, and TV are worth zero when you're wearing goggles). I don't know all the tradeoffs involved, but seems like a downgrade to go from the pure black of OLED to the backlight bleedthrough of LCD for a screen so close to the eyes. Would be nice if we could turn this into an argument over data portability. If there was a service an app that migrated data out of TikTok to a clone service, I'd switch. Imagine if users could easily move their posts, photos, friends, etc. out of Facebook to another system. Any concern about apps accessing data is a great argument for sandboxing apps completely from the rest of your phone (e.g. no shared file access, no shared camera roll, no genuine GPS data, 2-way logged/firewalled network access, etc.) Much of government was designed with expectations of certain norms being followed that are now being violated. There are a lot of checks and balances (e.g. impeachment) that could be executed if a branch of the government was willing to cooperate. > So how did China get away without that for so long? Cheap labor for US manufacturing Agree. Compare the popularity of Beat Saber to what Wii Sports was and you have a measure for how far out of the mainstream VR still is. Agree, paper maps and two-way radios are both technology. The burden is on any other technology to prove they are superior. Rebalancing to cash would seem to make sense if you expected a crash. I gather that this doesn't happen because no one wants to pay a money manager to not invest their money. I agree that trust takes a long time to build, but trust can be lost very quickly. Imagine a classic "trust fall" exercise. How many times do I have to drop you to stop trusting me? The biggest threat to small sellers is Amazon. schema.org benefits sellers by making it easier to list and sell their goods elsewhere (including Google Shopping). Standards that help combat vertically integrated monopolies seems like something HN readers would be in favor of. I believe this policy was first implemented on shared files: "Files in shared drives trash are already automatically deleted after 30 days." This is the classic struggle between structured and unstructured data. As difficult as the task of creating AI that can make sense of unstructured data and pages is, that task is still more tractable than getting millions of people around the world to sufficiently coordinate on a common standard. Great point. Individual publishers are to be trusted so little in describing their own content that Google completely ignores the keywords meta tag (and also description now I think). Reminder that articles from forbes.com should not be seen as having any better reputation than those posted on blogger.com or medium.com. Probably more than half the companies I've been on hold with interrupt their hold music with periodic recorded voice announcements (e.g. music music "Try our new flavor of Ovaltine!" music music). Event with a hands-free phone, this is probably the worst possible hold experience. Especially interesting since Google now owns smart sheet. > As to Excel: Hopefully it won't take another 35 years for them to fix CSV opening so it doesn't auto-format long numbers into scientific notion or dates, then cause unrecoverable data loss when you save. If you don't know what the data format is DON'T GUESS! Amen! Also removing the leading zeros from US ZIP codes. It just happened a few hours ago. This. I want homes as well designed, engineered and built as iPhones, or at least automobiles. Would thicker case help this problem? Maybe there's an opportunity for aftermarket bezels? Bezels can always be added, but never taken away. Being able to dock a device for charging with one hand (very difficult with a cable) is very nice. Wireless is superior to surface contacts because you can mount orient your phone in different directions without needing to account for the cable. The phone would be thicker, but they'd be able to stick a lot of battery in there if they made the back flush with the camera bump. If I understand correctly, the primary factor harming the corals is warmer ocean temperatures and ocean acidification. I'm not sure Australia has much influence over those. Facebook Ads is their product. I'd be happy if Firefox were a modified version of Chromium for developers/power-users/hackers that prioritized every feature in the user's interest (at their own risk). If games can run via the cloud (e.g. Stadia), it should be possible for any app. Great service! Even if nothing is new, it deserves more attention. It really helps me cut through the noise of all advertising hoopla of "Big sale", "20%" off, etc. when I can see the full price history of a product. The less you spend on produce, the lower the carbon footprint. All* spending in the current economic system results in a proportional amount of carbon being generated. *Not all, but very close. Thanks for mentioning DALY. It seems like this would be a much better metric than counting deaths. I've been looking for regularly updated charts using YLL (years of life lost), but DALY seems even better. It's disappointing that DALY isn't the most commonly shared/referenced chart. I need to find COVID DALY numbers compared to other causes of death to better understand this. I was a longtime Google Play Music All Access subscriber. One HUGE benefit that YouTube Music has is the available catalog. I like a lot of obscure music and remixes that no one else but YouTube has. I also agree that it's ridiculous that YouTube Music doesn't have all the features of Google Play Music. Still this was handled much better than most shutdowns where there is no migration path. I'm glad that Google is combining some redundant services. 5 more years and they might get their chat situation in order. Another unfortunate side effect is my "ocean waves" alarm clock playlist is always queued up in Youtube Music as a song after I wake up. "Normal" is a terrible word to describe any future state. Many things have changed that won't go back to the way they were before ever (and that's entirely a bad thing): more working remotely, more grocery delivery, less retail shopping, etc. This is a fantastic deal, even if I weren't already a Google One subscriber at this tier. Google is one of the few companies I would trust to provide VPN service. "iOS, Windows, and Mac coming soon" That's part of the attraction to me. I'd love my VPN activity to blend in with all the other activity (crawlers, etc.) coming from Google. I'm not sure the vocal Google hater comments are representative of tech savvy customers. It regularly ranks at the top of best-regarded brands lists. I just updated my Google One app to get the version that supports VPN. It's a huge privacy win to not have Comcast or my mobile data provider see my traffic. A quote that seems related to that thought: "A complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from a simple system that worked. A complex system designed from scratch never works and cannot be patched up to make it work. You have to start over, beginning with a working simple system." —John Gall Deploying apps is truly ridiculously complex. This is the problem I really see "no code" addressing. To me, writing the logic of an application is easy compared to the ridiculousness of publishing the code somewhere. TSV is a lot better, but still isn't great for tabs in fields (rare) and line breaks in fields (more common). One nice characteristic of tab-delimited is you can typically copy all the text from a text editor and paste right into a spreadsheet. Seems to me like they should be offering up every possible photo feature they can for free since their camera hardware is so far behind the iPhone. I didn't realize until recently that iPhone has some great computational photography features that the Google Camera doesn't (long exposure and crowd removal). I'm pretty satisfied with they way they handled the transition to YouTube Music, and am glad they're reducing the number of competing services. I agree it's a hassle, and a bummer that they de-integrated Google Drive and Google Photos. I've got a reasonably functional alternative using SyncTrayzor/Syncthing. Similar to the Chesterton Fence example, knowing the history of something helps me understand if there was any good thinking behind it. For marijuana prohibition, it doesn't seem like there was. Has there been discussion of Twitter/Facebook using different techniques like tweet delays (quadratic backoff?)? Remember all the mockery around the name "iPad"? First impressions are often wrong. It would be nice if they made some McPlant fries! Google doesn't have the expertise or ship enough volume to make good hardware. If I could get a pure Google experience on Samsung-quality hardware, I'd go for that every time. I'd be happy for there to be a nationwide government-promoted disaster-preparedness initiative, especially if that included not building susceptible homes areas prone to flooding or forest fires. Agree. The beauty/power of the browser is to create a layer over the OS (Windows/Mac/Android) so that you don't need to care much about the OS. What's the likelihood that running a non MacOS in emulation would still be a reasonable dev environment compared to native on some other hardware? Agree completely! Even the sounds on "more advanced" microwaves are worse. Buttons are nice because they're easy to wipe down, but dials are great for quickly selecting any duration. Would taxing the extraction from the ground address this? You were able to find sensors? When I've looked they've always been sold out for months. (Having not read any of this). Isn't Google committed to be net carbon neutral/negative? If so, does the claimed extra electricity usage matter? Definitely thought this was going to be a story about when their car killed someone: https://www.nytimes.com/2018/03/19/technology/uber-driverles... Verily (Google) tried contact lenses, but couldn't get it to work: https://blog.verily.com/2018/11/update-on-our-smart-lens-pro... Apache project? I feel like they could make more progress toward their goals as a fork of Chrome, like a "Chrome Pro" or something. Me too. Waiting for the current branch to properly support extensions, or for an Android Chrome fork to support the extensions I use. Very cool. Would be great if they could do something similar for Android! (Not realistic given that the driver situation on mobile devices is such a nightmare.) One of the least-liked brands tries to smear one of the most-liked brands. Facebook will not come out ant better from this. It may even remind people how much spying facebook does to them. Yes! I've tried that, but one of my most-used save page extensions doesn't work. I also hate it when apps/services move backward in terms of features. I'll still give them credit when they start to move in the correct direction again, even if they would have been better off not screwing things up in the first place. I'm not sure what approach syntaxing used, and "processed" is a fuzzy term, but bread and pasta have a lot more in common with twinkies and oreos than fruits and vegetables. Just did this. Now waiting 4 months to withdraw and close. Yep. This was money I had in a Vio Bank savings account where the rates have gone from "very small" to "almost nothing". And often the process of de-duping repeated code later on isn't as bad as DRY purists make it out to be, especially since it can be done incrementally. Example: If you have similar functions in 7 places, you can consolidate them one by one. If you have 1 function used in 7 places, you have to consider all implications for all of those code paths. I sometimes think of how far we still are from utility-quality computing services. Every company needs electricity with near-perfect uptime, but almost no company has a full-time electrician in-house. Reducing illegitimate traffic stops is one of the side-benefits I see as more cars become self driving. Tesla car sales will grow, but their stock continuing to grow is not sustainable. Tesla certainly make desirable cars, but I don't see their product being hard to replicate should any other manufacturer make a serious effort. Other manufacturers will make a serious effort when it makes financial sense to. Are there $100 or $500 commercial units? The best reviewed rice cooker by America's Test Kitchen is $30. Or let those who have the option to take vaccines under the current system auction off their spot. I came here to says SSD. There's never been as big a performance upgrade you could make. Hagrids motorbike roller coaster at universal studios in Orlando was worth the wait (if you get the front row and ride at night). Total solar eclipse. Unbelievable. Life changing. Partial is meh. Totality made me cry. AI-assisted "queue" management. We all accumulate a multitude of different lists to work on: tasks lists, email inbox, open tabs, bookmarks, saved articles, books to read, movies to watch, games to play. I've never seen anything that attempts to unify these against their common constraint: time. I had the crazy thought that drones ladden with deliveries could dispatch from the top of a central tall structure (like a skyscraper or antenna), take advantage of the height differential to efficiently glide toward their delivery destination, and then make their return with less weight to carry. Probably very few locales where this could make sense compared to automated sidewalk deliveries like Starship. The speed of the delivery could be astoundingly fast though. Tech startups are valued that way because software has [approximately] zero marginal cost. If everyone in the world wants to install Tiktok tomorrow, they can. If everyone in the world wants to buy a Tesla tomorrow, it would be impossible to fulfill that demand. Even as someone who is white and has not experienced racism large and small my entire life, it is still stunning the privilege skin color gives this group to aggressively storm a government building without being beaten, gassed, and shot. There's a lot not to like about Facebook and Uber, but they both replace systems that were much less reputable (i.e. ad networks that delivered all manner of deceptive and malicious ads, or taxi operators that were low quality and dangerous). I agree that education has changed for the worse in many ways, but might disagree with you on some of the specifics. Being direct, I see the republican party as having a very anti-science, anti-evidence, anti-facts disposition as evidenced by their attitudes toward evolution, gun-violence, COVID, etc. An educated populace is also the most dangerous thing to anyone in power (politicians, business operators, etc.). Even without being a coordinated conspiracy, that is a constant force working against improved education. A root cause behind this is a shift from news as a public service (something closer to the modern-day BBC) to an info-tainment business that must turn a quarterly profit. "Information diet" is a useful analogy. Imagine you eat a diverse diet of candy, ice cream, potato chips, cookies, doughnuts, and fruits and vegetables. You can make your own analogies about what news sources are junk food, but you can see how trying a little bit of everything in an environment that is full of bad choices is detrimental. We all have limited stomach space and attention. DC is filled with a violent mob that feels uncomfortable with the truth that Trump lost. They are lashing out because they do not have the emotional fortitude to deal with their hurt feelings. Agreed. Everything seems hunky-dory until the guillotines come out, and then all the elites are like "Who? Me?". A poorly organized coup attempt is still a coup attempt. You don't get much sympathy from the judge and jury if your attempted murder is poorly thought out and executed. Thanks for sharing those sources. The HN crowd overestimates the impact of social media and under estimates the impact of Fox News and Fox News clones. The typical Fox News viewer watches 4 HOURS every day: https://www.foxnews.com/media/fox-news-august-ratings-most-w... Also no evidence that any fraud would be in favor of Biden and not Trump. Autonomous vehicles would be a tremendous blessing to make cities more livable and human centered. Autonomous vehicles are: Safer - always obey speed limits, traffic laws, yield to pedestrians, are always cautious and have super-human reflexes Quieter - electric, never rev their engines, or peel-out Cleaner - electric, operate at efficient speeds Take up less space - never need to park, can "convoy" within inches of another vehicle I live in a pretty large city Chicago and I'm not concerned about additional traffic from autonomous vehicles (though I don't count myself as average either). Widespread usage of autonomous vehicles will have so many large and wide-ranging effects, that it will not simply be "more traffic in cities". Another possibility is a large portion of city dwellers will get weekend homes hours away since driving that distance will be trivial when you can watch Netflix or play videos games on the way. Tourism may also increase as people from smaller towns will come into the city for nightlife since their cars can drive them home drunk. Even with twice the cars on the road trips may be much faster without cars blocking traffic by making late turns on red. Electric cars are interesting, but super-human autonomous drivers will be revolutionary. The simplest explanation is the right one. The losing party does not accept their loss and will promote any idea that can invalidate the outcome. The judgement of dozens of court cases has been that none of these ideas have any merit. So, sounds like it's better than not having the tape? NPR receives no federal funding. Voice of America is 100% federaly funded. This is a good point that isn't emphasized in this thread. A lot of people seem very upset about one mechanism of dissemination no longer being available, and treating it as though the content of the message boards are now illegal. It's definitely not obvious that appeasement leads to better outcomes. Seems like there's a big difference between passive dragnet usage of facial recognition on crowds in non-criminal situations, vs using this tool combined with soliciting tips from the public to identify people from video of them performing crimes. You should reread he parent comment. I think you agree. It describe the steps as: 1) Dehumanize the enemy 2) Kill/eliminate the inhuman enemy (no longer considered to be people) That's an interesting comparison. A generic death threat seems very different than one directed at a specific individual. Seems likely that Twitter and Facebook would have taken this action with any president at any point if that president's words and encouragement directly led a violent mob to storm the center of US government with intent of capturing hostages and assassinating elected representatives. Just don't plan to assassinate a country's legitimately elected representatives bro(?) The game analogy is interesting because this is clearly a bunch of sore losers. There is a consistent logic to Trump and his followers: they are never to blame. Direct quote: "I don't take any responsibility at all" Didn't russia just commit the largest cyber espionage campaign ever via solarwinds? For unknown reasons Trump is a russia apologist who denies their wrongdoing (e.g bounties on us troops) at every opportunity. One of Trump's greatest successes has been to co-opt the term away from it's first popularized meaning: fabricated articles created (e.g. by a teenager in Macedonia) for the primary purpose of capturing views and add clicks. What is "FAAGT"? 3000+ comments and I don't think I've seen the relevant XKCD? https://xkcd.com/1357/ Netscape might be the worst example for your claim. Read why here: https://www.joelonsoftware.com/2000/04/06/things-you-should-... No doubt the Mozilla-based Netscape was ultimately a better browser, but's hard to think there wasn't a path to a better browser though incremental updates that wouldn't have taken 3 years of stagnation. Every time we accept violent behavior, that behavior grows. I don't think free speech absolutists are accounting for how much having death threats or actually being murdered infringes on one's right to free speech. If you pick your photos carefully, you can pretend that this was a bunch of goofs who accidentally got into the Capitol. This video was eye-opening to me: https://www.cnn.com/videos/us/2021/01/09/officer-crushed-in-... I'm not familiar with this truth. Who are the authoritarians from the Democratic left? > The best school to become a thief is jail. I think that's a US thing. Other countries seem to be genuinely more rehabilitative. Looks like 55% of the state prison population is there for violent offenses: https://www.prisonpolicy.org/reports/pie2020.html Handling non-violent offenders away from the violent ones might be a good start. I believe your "karma" has to be above 500. File synchronization is a niche feature, not a product. Or it can be a product, but only in a utility-software way, not a billion-dollar enterprise way. Salesforce can acquire them? I'm replying in agreement that this is also my opinion. Google could do bad things with my data in the future, but, to date, there is no company I trust more. Contrary to a very vocal crowd on HN, rankings of most loved brands show that many people like Google https://morningconsult.com/most-loved-brands-2020/ http://www.zombo.com/ also https://www.bluesnews.com , which I am astounded still looks about the same. The type and quantity of available food is a huge factor. In the 1970s more people were also involved in jobs that required more physical labor: farming, manufacturing, construction, etc. This is often expressed as: You can't outrun your fork. What food pedals/controls do you use? This seems like an under-utilized input channel. I've also heard it phrased as: You'll never outrun your fork. Would the real power move be for everyone to pull their money out of the stock market? I realize that's not an option for those who don't already have money in it. If a few small players can expose the ponzi scheme/grift that is the modern stock market, that sounds pretty good to me. Good case study in why it is often not productive to legitimize "both-sides". What started the California wildfires: 1) We're not sure: could be power lines, fireworks, a cigarette... 2) Jewish space lasers How do you identify Feedly subscribers? Isn't there a single request from Feedly that it uses for all of its users? All the more reason why a tax should be charged when fossil fuels are extracted from the earth. Two tools with overlapping functionality are being merged into one. I probably watch one of his videos a month and find them still totally understandable at 1.5x speed. Certainly convenient to have the two most popular financial bubbles join forces. It happens periodically: tulips, Beanie Babies, etc. "no limit" seemed amazingly generous until I realized the total annual contribution limit is $19,500 (exceptions apply), so this benefit would be valued at about $9,750. Still very generous, but should be factored with other benefits when evaluating total compensation. Important to remember some of the other players like TrustPilot when considering the posts about Google's moderation of Robinhood reviews. Moderation is hard, every actor (reviewer, reviewee, and review service) can be malicious. With a known song identified, is it feasible for YouTube to silence (subtract) only that song from the audio of recorded video? Seems like that would be within the realm of similar actions they take to blur faces and license plates in streetview images. I came to this thread exactly because I wondered if it could be the frito lay contest from Real Genius. I've seen that movie more than any other. Am I wrong that resources spent mining Bitcoin aren't that much different from money spent on else? Is the impact of buying $1000 worth of concrete, airline flights, tomatoes, iPhones, etc. etc. significantly different? This is good evidence of the strict separation of algorithmic and advertising systems. Tax carbon when it's extracted and we wouldn't need to debate the utility of its various uses. Agreed. Firefox is the one Android app I have blocked from auto-update. Waiting for the newest version to be better than the previous version. Plastic is recyclable in the same way a sugary bowl of cereal is part of a balanced breakfast. VR is very immersive but multiple telephoto camera angles provide much better views of concerts and sporting events. I was surprised how good the video passthrough on the Oculus Quest is. Given the Nikkei, I've never understood the fundamental law that everyone believes about the US stock market going up long term. I'm genuinely looking for a convincing answer so I could feel comfortable investing. Chrome too! https://github.com/iamadamdev/bypass-paywalls-chrome Gmail does. This is great for privacy because it destroys the usefulness of the tracking pixel to the marketer. My mistake. It looks like google still waits for an initial email view to cache the image. Kind of wish they would load images for unviewed emails too. I was confused on this, but it looks like the email has to be opened once for Google to cache the image. No better time for autonomous driver software to practice driving than when the streets are relatively empty. (Obviously, eventually they'll need to handle full traffic, but the current situation is probably good training wheels for that.) Seems like this might relate to the reshuffling of AI organization at Google: https://blog.google/technology/ai/marian-croak-responsible-a... From a complete outsider, this seems like a smart shift toward more mature leadership. Amazingly, I believe planes are designed/certified to do everything (e.g. take off fully loaded) with only a single working engine. "I also think measures of price inflation are almost useless over the long run, because a person today consumes a very different bundle of goods than one in, say, 1950." I agree with this wholeheartedly. How do we put a value on the fact that, for the cost of no more than a day's labor, most in the US can have a handheld device with access to nearly the sum total of the world's knowledge and entertainment? No one, at any cost, could've had such a thing even 30 years ago. Don't. There are many existing systems to choose from. Very unlikely another design system the user has never encountered before will add value. I believe this good-news press release was timed to counter the narrative around their unfavorable earnings report. Burps, not farts, are the primary source of methane: https://climate.nasa.gov/faq/33/which-is-a-bigger-methane-so... At some point we will have to confront the fact that younger generations supporting older ones is the ultimate ponzi scheme. Fingerprinting or watermarking? In the future, ad networks will serve content instead of content networks serving ads. Isn't it possible in many ML models to then synthesize of the images of the features that most strongly predict the orientation? Like an archetypical "conservative" or "liberal". Could this help identify if the model is picking up on something like facial expression, or facial hair? From my observations, it seems the most boastful (Uber, Tesla) are behaving the most recklessly. Waymo's driver is probably 10x better (however you want to measure that), and they seem the most measured and careful in their communication. Buildings depreciate. Land appreciates. From what I've read there's Waymo and then there's everybody else. Mozilla should embrace it's niche browser role and cater to power users. It will always be a worse choice for the typical user. > "using the right software (and using the software right)" This is a great phrase that I'm going to use more. This is terrifying. I'm now convinced that the engineers at Tesla aren't just bad programmers, but bad drivers as well. This seems like very good progress. I'm continually impressed by how fast I can find the answers I'm looking for from Google. Google is working hard from being somewhere to get pointers to places that might contain the information you want to giving you the answers directly. Truly amazing. Stand by any intersection (in Chicago at least) and you will see very close to 100% of drivers primarily looking at their phones. Technology truly is the cause of (distraction from smartphones) and solution to (autonomous software drivers) all our problems. I'm optimistic that self-driving cars (in addition to primarily being electric) will be better maintained (tire pressure, lubrication, etc.) and better driven (fewer hard stops and starts) and that will reduce tire, brake, and road wear. I mostly agree, but still laugh a little when people purchase cars to be "green" in a location where most of the electricity comes from coal. Without an EV they never wouldn't have been able to find a car that runs on coal. New underground transit lines in the US are ridiculously expensive in dollar costs (which means they also have large environmental costs). In terms of lowest emissions per passenger mile, our best bet might be fleets of lightweight self-driving vehicles. Though very disappointed, it is not surprising in retrospect. Google doesn't want to make a niche application for a handful (relatively) of nerds. They want to make unduplicatable AI/big-data services for billion+ users. Anyone can make a feed reader. No one else has been able to create a search engine, translation service, or email service (spam filtering, auto-complete) nearly as good. That would've been a good way to go. It's a shame they haven't gotten social to catch in any of their many attempts (Buzz, Plus, YouTube, Reader, etc.) because I'd prefer anything from Google over Facebook. I'm cautiously optimistic that Google is slowly recognizing the error prioritizing hot new projects over continuous maintenance and improvement of existing ones. Google Chat seems like it might finally be a proper successor to Google Talk after dozens of half-baked services: Hangouts, Voice, Allo, Duo, Messages, etc. etc. etc. It's truly a shame that Web SQL was opposed by Mozilla. The web would be a better place if a tool as powerful as SQLite was available by default on billions of devices. We might be better off with an email address portability law similar to what exists for mobile phone numbers, but even without that GMail offers POP and IMAP access as well as forwarding to external addresses. Mozilla's long justification https://hacks.mozilla.org/2010/06/beyond-html5-database-apis... More interesting commentary here https://softwareengineering.stackexchange.com/questions/2202... With advances in drones and remote imaging, is there still a role for manned jets like this? I similarly wonder about manned spaceflight. Possibly, though I don't think solar panels will ever catch up to the amount of pavement there is. There's a phenomenon (which must have a name) where large companies are held to a different standard. We see this with: Amazon (there are doubtless jobs with worse conditions). Tesla (quality problems sure, but there's also some real nit-picking). Apple (class-action lawsuits around the most minor defects). Google (unbelievably clean compared to other companies and ad networks that handle personal data) Is this the case? I believe lottery tickets are often purchased the most by people who desperately need the money to survive. Echoes of when IHOP "changed" its name to IHOB. https://www.usatoday.com/story/money/2018/07/09/ihop-changes... It's a failure of debuggers that they haven't cleared the very low bar of obviousness and ease of use of print(). I'm very much a novice, but RStudio was the first environment that made debugging so easy I didn't feel the need to use print(). Not that I've ever heard of, but per-adult average annual lottery spend in my state (Illinois) was $287.07 (2017). Since many adults don't spend any money on the lottery, there are certainly many who spend more than $1200/year. Every data broker out there says a prayer every night that we (as a society) continue to focus our attention on Google (an absolute saint by comparison) and ignore what phone companies, cable companies, browser extensions, gaming apps, smart tvs, etc. etc. do with our data. I will not be at all surprised if there's an aftermarket kit to spew soot out of an otherwise electric vehicle. That sucks. I wish it were an automatic open-and-shut case to prosecute dangerous driving / vehicular assault like this when a court is provided with dashcam evidence. That combination is good for a lot of things but can it do anything more than create? Impressive. My mind was blown by a similar hack that put snake and pong in Super Mario entirely through controller inputs: https://hackaday.com/2014/01/10/teaching-mario-to-play-pong-... This is exactly right and a story we see over and over again. A mature high-quality incumbent is defeated by an upstart that's inferior in all dimensions except the one that ends up mattering the most. At launch Google Sheets was worse than Excel in so many ways, but the online collaboration made it 10x better for all but the most specialized users. Imagine how different things would be in the alternate reality where the server-side JavaScript support of Netscape Server morphed into a mod_javascript module for Apache. There were a lot of things that weren't possible in the 1960's that are possible now. Highway driving is the easiest type of driving. If Waymo wasn't limiting their driving to specific areas, I have no doubt their Driver could easily drive through the US interstates without issue. I believe I read that he's moving to Austin, so Tesla could be a next step. For me the primary characteristic of IE6 was not that it had a large market share like Chrome, but that it didn't update for over 5 years. Chrome is nothing like IE6 in that regard. The web would be better off if iOS users could benefit from the full Chrome codebase. It's interesting to look back at the difference technologies/tags that survived and which were forgotten: XMLHttpRequest, VML, marquee, etc. Chrome's dominance wasn't enough to get something useful like WebSQL to stick. If you're set on building your own, you're probably not interested in using this: https://blog.google/technology/area-120/stack , but it might be a useful reference. I'm shocked that x10 still exists. There was a period around 1999(?) where they seemed to be the majority of web advertising on any tech-related site. Always a possibility. I have no concern using this because: "Stack can also automatically save a copy of your documents to Google Drive. That way, should you ever decide to stop using Stack, your documents will be accessible in Drive and easy to export. " Waymo is far more advanced than anyone else, but not cheap enough to undercut the pay of an Uber driver ($9/hour?). There's still huge value if the Waymo Driver (their name for the self-driving system) can be added to private vehicles as a upgrade. A car that could pilot itself on road trips while you sleep overnight would be a game-changer for weekend getaways. Imagine leaving your Chicago office after work on Friday and waking up in Denver to go skiing Saturday morning with all your gear, no rental car, and no airport hassle. Thank you! Also a case study in how simple conclusions ("OMG LEED doesn't save energy") can be both true and misleading. The complete endeavor of Yahoo was all worth it for the creation of this video alone: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EShUeudtaFg This looks cool, and seemed familiar. I remembered I had seen it on Two Minute Papers: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Ny-p-CHNyM Great YouTube channel! It would be hard to write a browser from scratch now that had the features of a modern browser, but creating a first-class browser is much easier than it has ever been because of Chromium and Firefox. I agree that mobile is the direction many things are headed, but currently it's very easy to install any number of (sometimes shady) browsers from the Google app store that include ad blocking. I already trust Google with my email, search, and location history. Health records feel like a very small addition to that. I would trust a health records service from Google far more than I would from any insurance agency or health care provider I can think of. You're right, so far I've been very fortunate with my health. I don't think I'm unusual that there are things about health (my own and in general) that I've searched on Google that I've never told or asked anyone. Same. Websites are fast, accessible, readable, and decent looking by default. We'd be better off if (like operating systems) more of the presentation preferences were left to the user. I used to use an extension for Firefox that allowed me to disable all styles for a website by hotkey. 9/10 websites were more readable after turning off all styles. I've set up a bunch of Windows batch scripts similarly, but didn't know the name for it. It's beautiful because failures, crashes, bugs, restarts, etc. barely matter. The next time the system is able to do what it was supposed to do, it does. I'm pretty sure I read corporations are supposed to try and act in the interest of their shareholders. The preferences of users, content creators, and staff are all secondary to shareholders. Fast, stable, feature-rich, well tested, excellent security, continuously updated, first-rate support on all websites, cross-platform continuity, best extension ecosystem, excellent developer tools, easy to run different channels (e.g. stable and canary) simultaneously. I would use it on mobile if it supported extensions. I think I read somewhere that behind-the-scenes the Google crawler is in-effect a super-archive.org, keeping a copy of every page it has crawled. This sounds outrageous, but I believe it's feasible with compression. I'm guessing that identification of different skin conditions on skin of much higher pigmentation that what a dermatologist has been trained on is an obstacle. Yes: https://www.technologyreview.com/2016/02/24/161885/google-un... Precisely. I'd love for someone to "disrupt" this sector with radically better quality at lower prices, but entrenched interests have foiled every attempt so far. I watching to see what effect a higher percentage of remote workers and ubiquity of Amazon delivery will have in the coming years (e.g. increased movement to exa-burbs and rural areas. conversion of office and retail space to apartments/condos). There's plenty of land for housing, just not affordable in the short list of most desirable spots. I'm definitely in the minority of commenters on these FLoC threads. I hate that 3rd party cookies exist, and support FLoC if it would hasten the demise of 3rd party cookies. It seems like many consider the alternative to FLoC to be an anonymous web where content can be accessed without login. The migration of content into walled gardens like Instagram seems more likely to me. Thanks. Good thread. Sounds like FloC is definitely more anonymous than third party cookies that are already in use today. There might are some hypothetical situations with FLoC where some information might be able to be inferred given sufficient data, but this is not trivial/direct like it is today. Content providers want third party cookies. Users have no idea what third party cookies are. Any deprecation of third party cookies will have to come from the user-agent (Safari and Chrome being the only ones that matter). Advertisers will not have the option to use third party cookies when they are disabled by default in Chrome (what Google is working toward). Right on so many counts. Biodiversity and habitat destruction is what we should talk about when we talk about climate change. The definition of what counts as ML/AI can be fuzzy, but I don't think the original PageRank algorithm would qualify as ML/AI under any definition: http://infolab.stanford.edu/~backrub/google.html Was really interested to learn about the level of hacking needed to turn an email client ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elm_(email_client) ) into a web UI. Immediately realized it's a language: https://elm-lang.org/ Nothing is forever, but Google Fi has been available for 6 years now. Katamari Damacy was an excellent choice for their collection. I have enjoyed a lot of games (Breath of the Wild!), but Katamari is the only one that comes to mind that felt like it had a message that was bigger than the game itself. Off topic, but I'm shocked that anyone would trust uploading sensitive files (e.g. nudes) to this service. Photo vault type apps can be useful, but I would never want the content in those apps to upload to a small service like this based on their word that employees won't go through it. "Unreasonable" here means that it works way better than it should for something so simple. It's a somewhat common phrasing. Example: "The Unreasonable Effectiveness of Data" https://static.googleusercontent.com/media/research.google.c... Where is that? That problem doesn't seem any more significant for wind and solar than other powers sources: mountain top removal for coal, transporting tons of coal in diesel trains, building (and eventually disposing of) giant power plants, etc. Wind and solar results in much much less destruction of natural habitat than fossil fuels. Youtube TV isn't direct competitor to Netflix, Amazon Prime, etc. but it's a great alternative for people who want cable TV channels. I found it was much cheaper, had more viewing flexibility, and better contract terms than any cable provider in my area. That said, there's no cable TV content that makes it worth being exposed to the aggressive obnoxiousness of commercials. In addition to obeying all railroad crossing signals, I'm certain the Waymo Driver has the concept of trains built in. The long-range sensors on the vehicle would project the probable path of the train and determine if it was safe to proceed along the car's planned route. Tesla would be lucky if the extent of its challenges were having enough cameras pointing in the right direction. Tesla handicapped itself by only developing its driving systems with cameras and not lidar. "Blinded by the sun" is an understandable failure-state when you design a driving system that's reliant on cameras. From https://arstechnica.com/cars/2019/05/feds-autopilot-was-acti... : "Theoretically, it should be possible to detect the side of a truck using cameras. But it's not always easy. In some lighting conditions, for example, the side of a trailer might be hard to distinguish from the sky behind it." It's also astounding that this is the standard method when Apple/Google/Facebook/AT&T/Verizon could trivially give an instantaneous and probably more accurate count. With a single screen, you can add any virtual (stripe of pixels) or physical divider (piece of tape) that you like. With two screens, there's no way to remove the gap. One of the things I miss most about Google Talk ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Google_Talk ) was that messages would show up your GMail inbox. Many startups (e.g. Slack) aim to replace email, but this is backward. Email is open, standardized, and has been around for decades. The main challenge of the current information environment is multiple independent queues of items that ask for our attention: email, texts, chats, app alerts, social messages, social feeds. This would be much easier to manage in a single location, and email is the location where users have the most control. The control the user has with email is exactly the reason so many companies are trying to replace it. This is also one of the reasons it's a shame that the Google Buzz launch went so poorly. Buzz had the chance to be a social network that worked from your inbox. This is a great summary of material and construction improvements over the past decades. I get frustrated that housing is not the same engineered quality and does not improve as quickly as consumer electronics, but it is improving. Looks like they're deploying the Simple Analytics script directly in the page source and the Google Analytics script via Google Tag Manager. Though Google Analytics through Google Tag Manager might be the Google-recommended way to deploy Google Analytics, this isn't exactly an apples-to-apples comparison. Would be interesting to see if Google Analytics directly in the page had a different score than through Google Tag Manager. That said, I would almost always trade the miniscule score penalty for serving something through Google Tag Manager (including Simple Analytics) for ease of maintenance. Any claims about labor shortage, hiring difficulties, "no one wants to work", etc. should always be read with the automatic addendum "...at the price we want to pay". Extremely useful. That framing conveys that it is not a matter of absolutes, but negotiation. Anything for a price. This is key. Carbon has to get out of the air and go back in the ground. This is why the os shouldn't let apps know what permissions they have. Apps should have access to an empty address book or fake gps coordinates if they don't have those permissions. This has not been my experience at all. My standard Google results are still very good, and the direct answers they extract from web results are amazing. Speech to text is terrific. It consistently gets even obscure proper nouns and local business names on the first try. Houston's policies definitely aren't a dealbreaker. People are voting for Houston's overall set of conditions, which includes climate, job availability, culture, policies, and other factors. I must be seeing a different sides of Tiktok than you. The Tiktok I see has plenty of vanity (though nothing compared to Instagram), but also an immense amount honestness/earnestness/openness where Gen-Z shares its mistakes/embarrassments/awkwardness. 26 years later and we're back to java applets. It was fun while it lasted. This is not a dupe. Previous discussion was about the browser technology. This is about Smart Canvas, Google's name for its collaboration space that doesn't use a printed page paradigm. It's advantageous to announce when you have a good working prototype so that when a competitor (e.g. Apple) announces something similar, the world is less impressed/amazed. What's the opposite of "to the moon"? The most important feature any browser ever included was auto-update. If IE had included this, things would be quite different. I love it. This is true hacking to me. You had a problem and kept digging until you solved it. According to Wikipedia, the app was called "Vigilante" in 2016 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Citizen_(app) Crossing my fingers for some type of emulation support that would allow for running a Windows virtual machine (and x86/64 apps). > The term "bully" just doesn't seem to capture the behavior described in this piece Harasser? Advertising/influence depends on two things: 1) Knowing what you're thinking (e.g. the search request you speak to your Nest Hub) 2) Presenting messages to you (e.g. displaying search results/suggestions/ads on the Nest Hub screen in your home) I've lost useful archives of chats multiple times in switches between incompatible systems: HipChat, Slack, Google Hangouts, Microsoft Teams. I have not had this problem with email. http://acid2.acidtests.org/ ? > I learned a valuable lesson about the difference between messing around with hardware vs software. Tesla Autopilot developers should read this. Saw this on The Slow Mo Guys YouTube channel and it blew my mind. I had no idea you could shatter glass with a tiny piece of spark plug. Self driving is really hard, but don't confuse Tesla's failings for the state of the art. Waymo's Driver is both much more advanced and much more cautious. Nature is an amazing library of knowledge (pharmaceutical, materials sciences, etc.) for problems we face. Driving species to extinction is the equivalent of burning the reference books. Regular reminder that forbes.com is blogging platform open to anyone just like medium.com, blogger.com, etc. Articles posted there should not be given any default credibility boost. Thank you for pointing this out. Every single time I see a forbes.com page posted, I see other people in the HN comments who clearly do not recognize this. Truly. Though stupid, Juicero never killed anyone. Plus years of low construction and now high material costs due to supply chain disruption and more boomers opting to age in place. I continue to find Google search immensely valuable and am continuously impressed at how well it performs in finding something I know exists as well as getting me to the right information I don't know. Often I get the answer I need right in auto-complete like when I was recently trying to remember the name of the Sri Chinmoy Self-Transcendence race. Remember that DuckDuckGo is a thin facade over Bing results. Previously: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=27034627 I think a lot of the input data to his models are images. The best outcome of this might be to have extensions more widely available on mobile browsers. A bad outcome would be that Firefox limits the capabilities of its extensions. Kiwi Browser is a great one! I have it installed, but use an older version of Firefox for the peculiar reason that I like to be able to save pages [with SinglefileZ]. For anyone nostalgic for this type of old/weird internet, you should check out TikTok before it becomes too commercial/formalized. Still a lot of weird/random/raw stuff on there. Because Apple is so large and well respected, issues will be blamed on whoever is putting up the captcha, not Apple. This is great. I hope this spurs Google to make their VPN ( https://one.google.com/about/vpn ) more widely available. A few audiences they could expand it to: any ChromeOS device, any Pixel phone, any Android phone, any mobile Chrome user, any Chrome user. I trust Google and Apple 100x more (low estimate) than I do Comcast/Verizon, AT&T, etc. Looks like Brown University: https://jeffhuang.com/ Housing costs are strongly affected by the availability of cheap money. Housing prices are kept in check when mortgages are more expensive. Does Air Link offer acceptable performance for low latency games (e.g. Beat Saber)? I've never found Facebook or Instagram fun, but Tiktok is an absolute delight. The serendipity they put into the recommendations is key. Related: "Pledges" to charity sometimes don't turn into donations. Or as large subdivisions built all at once, like Levittown mentioned in the article. We know: * FLoC is less useful than third-party cookies for tracking visitors. * Google won't stop supporting third-party cookies until a replacement (like FloC) is available Yet, in these threads I see both statements: * Google is pushing FLoC to help its ad business. * Google won't kill 3rd-party cookies because it would hurt their ad business. Can previously-approved plans be used as precedence for design review, or is everything in design review de novo? Good article. I wonder what improvements/efficiencies would be possible if consumer tastes could be shifted significantly (e.g. through marketing). I'm not thinking about small things like vinyl finishes, but larger shifts like building structures. Example: Could a company like Apple or Tesla make alternative structures like Quonset huts seem modern and fashionable. If you're familiar with The Princess Bride, "to the pain". And yet a lot of people think that AMC stock is worth 4x what it was last year. Doesn't Google delete your search history after 18 months (unless you ask it not to)? https://www.wired.com/story/google-auto-delete-data/ Interesting contrast to another story today: https://ai.googleblog.com/2021/07/speeding-up-reinforcement-... Even worse for Apple, if there was a more capable browser on iOS, the need for their app store would be reduced. I like to consider myself one of those people. I find the hosting/infrastructure side much more of an obstacle/hassle than the code. Getting the infrastructure out of the way and letting me write business logic and tools is what I'm most interested in. This is a great benefit and likely a direct result of them having more (total?) control over the hardware and related drivers. Definitely a bit of marketing language to try and make the complexities of security understandable. I think of it as similar to a door with multiple, independent, locking mechanisms. I'm the opposite. I'm happy to have a camera bulge if that means better optics and images. I think the idea is that this phone will have the same thickness for most people who use a case. To consumers they have to promote the magic/wondrous chip, but they greatest benefit to Google is controlling more of the hardware stack themselves. Many IT people are tech-fetishists and only solve genuine problems incidentally. When you think of climate change, think of all the habitats that are being altered and how that might lead to extinction of plants with unique and unknown characteristics. Smaller batteries are also lighter, which translates to increased range. It's a really interesting cost, weight, range, (etc.) optimization problem. Sounds like the ethanol of hydrogen. You get roughly the same number if you compare the cost of tap water and bottled water per gallon. Monetary cost is a pretty good rule-of-thumb when estimating environmental impact. https://slate.com/business/2013/07/cost-of-bottled-water-vs-... I think they have their own ML platform because they hired a lot of engineers, not because the business necessitated one. Self-driving can still be a huge value even if it isn't totally automated between every two drivable points. I'd pay a lot of money for a car that could safely drive itself on highways alone. Get on the highway, fall-asleep, wake up at a rest stop on the other side of the country. In some ways, even better than having a private jet. For small/non-corporate developers, the common availability of mod_php in shared hosting setups was the main factor. Brainstorming is a great function for AI that seems overlooked. Most of what it generates is unusable directly, but can present variations that wouldn't be imagined otherwise. Waymo cars currently only operate in pre-mapped areas with good connectivity. Self driving doesn't have to replace human drivers on 100% of roads 100% of the time to still be immensely valuable and life saving. This tops the Cybertruck introduction where they broke the bulletproof glass. It's hard to imagine this is not a jump-the-shark moment for Tesla. The weight distribution might be safer in a Tesla, but the model Y is over 2 tons. tldr spoof nearby location 3 times and use distance to triangulate the location So true. I wonder if RSS could make a comeback if it were marketed as "podcast for articles". Having a single inbox like this is the one true way. There are so many forces fighting for their own proprietary messaging systems that I fear we're still years away from this happening again. Though it's popular to malign email, I'm very thankful that it's a distributed, open, standardized system, with decades of stability that allows me to message anyone. GO4? Like other malware, they learned that it's best to not draw attention to yourself. Viruses don't put a big animation on your screen anymore, they silently enlist your machine in a botnet and steal your account number and credentials. Toolbars (now extensions) don't change your search engine, they silently add affiliate parameters and cookies. I think Bitcoin is ridiculous and wasteful, but I'm also conflicted because I think similarly about many physical products: jewelry, mansions, oversized personal vehicles. There's a lot of embedded energy in all of those goods. Who am I to judge which ones are worthwhile. It all makes me dearly wish there was a global tax on taking the resources out of the ground. I constantly think about how at the same time we have a housing shortage there a millions of square feet of empty office and retail spaces. Will we ever reuse these spaces the way we turn small scale manufacturing spaces into trendy lofts? Million dollar mission. Billion dollars of damage. Trillion dollar response. I'd love to have a Door dash / Uber eats / GrubHub price comparison tool. This would probably do more than anything to drive process down. Google even has official add-ons (for multiple browsers nonetheless) to opt out of Google Analytics: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout or not Companies Stay Quiet on Texas’ New Abortion Law https://www.nytimes.com/2021/09/03/business/companies-texas-... Exactly right. More data beats better algorithms every time. Because YouTube is (foolishly IMO) trying to turn itself into television, they've pursued 10+ minute videos even when there's only ~30 seconds of content. Tiktok's success is well deserved. The amount of commenting by people who have (proudly?) never used Tiktok in this thread is staggering. I'm probably in the minority, but I would like a record of everything I see and hear for my entire life. If every other private company gets to monitor me, why don't I? That said, Facebook is probably the very last company I would want to buy that kind of a device from. For sure this is a socially unusual thing to do now, but the same was thought about having Gmail "read" your email, or having an always-on Amazon microphone inside your home. I expect attitudes will be different about personal recording in 10 years. Similar to drunk driving laws. Is there an explanation somewhere of why there are two cameras? Different focal lengths? 3d photos? Bracketing for HDR? Also a huge win for noise pollution. I think SMB is exactly what it's about. I wouldn't be surprised if they go for Squarespace or Wix next. Workflowy desktop app. If you haven't tried an outliner before, you should. It's as distinct a document type as text, spreadsheet, or imagefile. Multi-year chart of lumber prices puts some of these "skyrocketing" and "cratering" headlines in perspective: https://tradingeconomics.com/commodity/lumber Thanks. I'm legitimately quoting, but also prefer use of more specific terms like "tripled" or "fives times more expensive" etc. than common dramatic headlines words like "crushed", "slammed", "blasted", "surged". Aggressive pre-caching so the wireless modem isn't turned-on as long? Like a peoples car. In german I think they would call this a volkswagen. Definitely. Volkswagen is very different now, but I believe it has its origins in producing basic cars that anyone could afford: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Volkswagen#1932%E2%80%931940:_... I appreciate this effort since this gets closer than reporting on house prices alone. As other's have pointed out there are a lot of significant factors being left out (e.g. interest rates). One of my favorite analysis is the historical chart on how many hours you had to work for an hour of artificial (candle, lamp, electric, etc.) light. I'd love to see this applied to housing, though housing is extra difficult because the quality has also changed immensely (indoor plumbing, electricity, etc.). Great analysis! Thank for sharing that link. > 2. houses have gotten much better since a few decades ago. I'm sometimes reminded of this when I see old footage of shows like "Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous". Many mansions from the 1980's kind of look like dumps. I haven't read the article, but I really like the construction of the phrase. I would also propose: First rule of optimization: Don't optimize first. First rule of automation: Don't automate first. This article presents no new insight into how you get existing (voting!) property owners to accept depreciation of their assets. My greatest hope for a technological solution is self driving cars which would reduce the duration and significance of travel times. I agree that people would be willing to put up with a longer commute in a self-driving car. This should have the effect of increasing home construction in the exburbs and lowering average housing costs overall. Happy to run into people who recognize how delightful it is. I've seen so much variety if the videos on my fyp page (how to start a locomotive, how to move between high voltage transmission lines, woodworking tips, etc.. It's a amazing. I thoroughly enjoy Tiktok and don't feel like I've wasted time even after scrolling through it for an hour. I'm a huge fan of Google and was interested to see where this initiative went. After seeing how Google Pay went (e.g. https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2021/03/the-new-google-pay-r... ), the world may not have missed out on much. Also the topic of today's xkcd: https://xkcd.com/2523/ I'm pretty sure Google currently uses an async ping https://www.w3schools.com/tags/att_a_ping.asp ) instead of a redirect to log what's been clicked. It's been a very long time (if ever?) since they didn't have result click logging at all. This reminds me a little bit of the early 2000's where search engines would list the number of indexed pages on their homepage. For language models, does large = good? I'm guessing the quality of the corpus matters as much. Similar(?): https://sql.js.org/ (SQLite in wasm) Electric bikes are under-hyped. It can still be stressful mixing with traffic, but they can get you door-to-door very fast without breaking a sweat. Exactly. Often on vacation something I did in the morning will feel like a week ago. This has always been Google's goal, and it is delivering parts of it already in their search results. Is there a new workaround? Can I replace "C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft\Edge\Application\msedge.exe" with a small redirect utility? I'm not a fan of how pushy Windows is with Edge, but I'm sympathetic. Microsoft looks at Chrome OS and Chrome, and iOS and Safari, and asks "Why can't we do that?". Nature is the most advanced technology there is. This is why it's such a shame that climate change leads to destroyed habitats and lost species. We'll never know what ingenious solutions nature cooked up in some obscure extinct species. I've never been afraid of code, but have definitely been put off by the steep jump in complexity needed to host the code compared to spreadsheets. > Box64 lets you run x86_64 Linux programs (such as games) on non-x86_64 Linux systems, like ARM (host system needs to be 64bit little-endian). Does this include the M1 Max? Imagine a shipping container of stolen catalytic converters unloading in China. Also "digitize" not "digitalize" Drunk driving kills 10k/year in the US. Capturing carbon from the air makes boiling the ocean look easy. Big fan of Chrome Remote Desktop for no hassle access from any device. Mentioned on the page, but this is a good opportunity to point out that similar functionality is now built directly into Chrome (and other browsers?) with links that look like: https://github.com/WesleyAC/deeplinks#:~:text=not%20implemen... This is one of the reasons Tiktok growth is exploding. Like Twitter, it forces creators to apply some editing and think about what really needs to be in their video. Contrast this to YouTube which incentivizes stretching a 15 second idea into a 10 minute waste of time. You could do a Google search something like this: [inurl: https://play.google.com/store/apps/ -"Contains Ads"] Google does a pretty good or better job of searching amazon.com than Amazon does, e.g. https://www.google.com/search?q=%22odense+marzipan%22+site%3... I think the FDIC will insure $1,250,000 if you name 5 beneficiaries. I may never understand the apparent interest by a subset of HN users for this reskin of Bing. I'm sure that's technically true, but I haven't seen any meaningful difference in the results vs. Bing for the queries I've tried. A lot of people forget that one of the inputs to the Google ranking algorithm is input from human quality raters who work off of an extensive, 172 page, guide that Google publishes and updates for anyone to read: https://static.googleusercontent.com/media/guidelines.raterh... It's amazing how over-spec'ed (in some categories) for housing plane is: air-tight, heavy thermal and noise insulation, built to withstand winds of hundreds of miles-per-hour. It's a shame we can't build something like the iPhone or Tesla of housing. The state of chat shows just how much of a miracle the federated interoperability of email is. How would a dumb input selector be different than removing the wifi password from the TV? (asking because I have a TCL Roku TV myself) Thanks for pointing this out. I just used the Feedback link in that Google search result page to specify that Zendesk is not open source. If enough people do this, it will completely negate (or even penalize?) Zendesk's misleading marketing attempt. An equivalent headline might be "21 y/o removes airbag and muffler and makes faster car than Porsche" Previously: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=29939789 Sometimes having someone do useless work for you is better than having them do useful work for a competitors. Google started its self driving project 13 years ago. It doesn't seem like they're rushing anything. Google owns Looker and already has this SQL replacement: https://opensource.google/projects/logica Is Flameshot better than Greenshot or ShareX? Good. Google's interests more closely align with my own than page authors. I'm glad to have Google as an agent working for me to make more useful page titles. 20+ years ago also used the meta description tag from a page instead of page text snippets. We're many decades past blindly accepting page author provided content as being the most useful thing to display. People keep thinking of Google as a search engine greps pages to find matching text. That is old/obsolete thinking, any Google-like services has evolved how directly it can return the information/answer you seek instead of returning a page that may contain the information/answer you seek. Exactly. You're a lot more likely to practice the tightrope (and benefit from the experience) when there's a [social] safety net. This problem might be a subset of the entire premise of every current economic system: they only keep working if growth is assumed Giant corps in adjacent industries. Look at how a bookstore (Amazon) now runs a logistics operation that competes with USPS, UPS, and Fedex. It gets worse when you realize that a lot of manufacturing demand is convincing people to feel bad about their current situation. Vine:Tiktok::Myspace:Facebook I think the previous post was sarcasm. US media is definitely not ignoring this: "Right-wing media offers fawning coverage of Canadian truckers as it encourages similar protest in US" https://www.cnn.com/2022/02/09/media/right-wing-media-canadi... Why wouldn't housing prices drop if the mortgage rate increased and keep affordability about the same? After reading a blog post like this it's hard to think that Tesla is anything less than 8 years behind Waymo. There are technologies people complain about, and technologies people don't use. The idea of going to a web page to get an answer to a query is becoming increasingly dated, which makes the I'm Feeling Lucky button even less relevant. Why should I have to read through a whole page to find the bit I'm looking for when the system can pull out / synthesize the exact answer? I love SingleFile and have been using it for years! Is there any version that works on current mobile browser versions? I've stuck with an old version of Firefox on Android that still supports the extension. Glad to see this feature return after being removed years ago after Writely was absorbed into Google. I expect high gas prices to cause some hesitation in buyers. DDG is a thin wrapper around Bing that makes it worse. Daylight Saving Time Gripe Assistant Tool "A handy tool to help make your case when whining about a biannual time change" https://observablehq.com/@awoodruff/daylight-saving-time-gri... Its possible to export a reasonable amount of current googld analytics data via the api.