I'd been puzzling why the name was so familiar and it's because this man is the source of the ultimate Smug Lisp Weenie quote... Greenspun's Tenth Rule of Programming: "Any sufficiently complicated C or Fortran program contains an ad-hoc, informally-specified bug-ridden slow implementation of half of Common Lisp." Sup Dawg, We heard you like tumors so we... No? I'll get my coat. It's too monolithic for my taste. It should be taking a leaf from Django's own design book and providing some high-level CMS building-blocks. Otherwise you just end up reinventing Wordpress or Joomla. Look at Pinax* or FeinCMS for a much smarter sense of how to get Django goodness without reinventing the CMS wheel everytime. * I know Pinax isn't a CMS - but it's tackling the hard problem of how to allow several apps by different authors to work together and integrate into the same site. Mmmm. Interesting. I wonder how much of the criticism of Pinax there is down to the specific apps and how much is down to the architectural philosophy it's trying to put in place. On one hand Pinax guys are smart, on the other packaging/deployment/reuse are hard problems. Here's hoping x>y! That's strangest. I found it one of the warmest and most rewarding internet-related pieces I'd read in a long while. It made a few assumptions about your understanding of the context but, goddamit, someone is entitled to do that on their own blog! Sigh. HN mangled the quotes out of the query string but it still seems to do the job. and is there any hope that the EuroDjangoCon videos will ever appear? I was really looking forward to seeing those :-( I will state here-forth that I am prepared to perform such deeds, to go lower than man has ever gone, to plunge the depths of degradation just in order to gain an early invite to Google Wave. Thank-you. andybak@gmail.com Multiple tiling windows is an idea long past it's prime and I've never been keen on Apple's particular take on this model. Quite often I find that bringing Finder to the front covers the whole screen with the 16 or so Finder windows that I forgot that I had open and which bear no relation to the task I am currently trying to perform. A single window finder with a history and a way to split into two or four tiles might be better. Of course the tricky thing is making this work for naive users as well as power users. This isn't an easy problem but naive users struggle massively with the current model too and that's not especially optimal for power users either. With the Bilski case still hovering around the upper echelons of the judicial system, now would be an excellent time for someone with deep pockets to take on Software Patents in general. Please let this be the straw that breaks the camels back. http://www.kronenberg.org/ies4osx/ For the latter: http://www.chromeextensions.org/appearance-functioning/adblo... Best I can find for the former: http://www.chromeextensions.org/appearance-functioning/lastp... The website failed the 'Skim the front page and try and figure out what it's for' test. Anyone care to summarize the tedious waffle? It's quite interesting how emotionally involved I got watching a couple of these. I had to stop because it was making me angry. When I first read about the Prisoner's Dilemma in a Douglas Hofstadter book (probably Godel, Escher and Bach although I'm not sure) I went around reading everything I could about it as I felt it was saying something important about society. Today I'm not entirely sure that's the case but it still fascinates me... I'm waiting for a Lisp dialect with significant white space. I think I've turned into an anti-brackets-of-any-kind snob. "Emace: A pretty good operating system, but it could use a better text editor." I can't trace the source of this quip but I'm glad someone has set out to prove the first part of it... You're linking to information on a ZX Spectrum which is not a ZX81. The ZX81 had a monochrome character mapped display with no pixel access (well - there were tricks that could sort of give you pixel access but they came much later than the time 1k chess was written) Whatever anyone can say about Python you can't deny how nice it looks on the page. Thank god they finally went for the sensible option. It would have been highly irritating if it was rejected as an unnecessary dependency (which some people were arguing). Some choice quotes: "Switching back to HTML4 is driven by the same kind of purity-beats-practicality, fashion-conscious silliness that made us all switch to XHTML in the first place." "But to worry about being able to instantly switch to the doctype-du-jour -- or rather last years' doctype-du-jour -- as well as having HTML validity - that's not being a perfectionist, it's called OCD, and I'm drawing the line there." He does go on to mention that 'HTML5 will save us' - at least from quibbling over vs ... Some context: It's mainly about Django's Admin and form generation - in most other places Django is markup agnostic. It is and there are fixes out there for the HTML/XHTML thing but this is mostly an argument about defaults and built-ins. Because then I can mix and without some smart alec telling me my document doesn't validate. There are however some good CMS's built on Django: http://github.com/matthiask/feincms http://www.django-cms.org/ He's not very good as the public face of Google, is he? Especially as his privacy blind spot corresponds to the one PR topic that has the ability to genuinely harm Google. I wonder why the geek-friendly faces of Sergey and Larry don't appear more often and why someone doesn't persuade Eric to stay in his lair, errr, office a bit more. What do you think Hixie's view on Larry's actions were? He certainly sparked the controversy with his public reaction to Larry. Was it justified? Was he overreacting? Politicking? There's more to this story even if it's just people politics. Only if Google acts on it without checking first which is pretty unlikely if you think about it for more than a nanosecond. Interesting. If only I'd been shown that 15 years ago when I still had some ability to rewire my neuronal pathways. "They solicited the community for ideas for months." Maybe soliciting for ideas visionary UX guru's would have worked out better for them. UI design is a technical art-form not a popularity contest. You've got some incredibly complex proposals being thrown into an incredibly complicated system (and by that I mean the entirety of the social, political and economic realm - not just health-care). The law of unintended consequences is going to play out here massively. Not only is it an intractable problem to predict the outcome from our perspective but it will be near-impossible for historians in decades hence to look back and separate which of their present society's ills were caused by this bill or by the million other factors that occurred in the intervening years. And in other news - geeks with beards lose clients. If you're going to put 'Who needs Flash' in the title then this is low hanging fruit. :-) Has anyone got any examples of more complex games in HTML/JS? I'd be interested to see how far people can push performance. The only benchmarks I remember seeing currently put Canvas+JS at a significant disadvantage over Flash but I'd love to be corrected on that. Adobe can't fix Flash (the plugin) on OSX by copying code from VLC. As far as I understand it, the problem is the rendering pipeline provided by the OS and browser. Any live examples yet? I haven't noticed any problems with it. Would somebody care to list the worst 3 horrors of the new layout in order of ruining-my-life-ability? One thing that prevents me switching from SVN at the moment is that I like the fact that every time I commit I'm also performing a backup. Is there anyway to set up hg to mirror all commits to another remote repository? Would that not be better than hoping your repository never goes over the Dropbox 2GB free limit? 1. Really? Compared to throwing a few pages out with PHP but on complex apps the time you save not reinventing the wheel would be the payback. 2. Hard to know what you were doing wrong without more info. 3. I've found excellent Django coders for less than $15 dollars/hour through freelancer sites. 4. The conventions around reusable code are growing up as the Django ecosystem grows up. There are good and bad examples but it's very possible to write reusable apps if you use the right architecture and separation of concerns. 5. Again. You are doing something wrong. 6. Django does use more memory than a simple mod_php setup and Pinax is a complex project but I'd like to see numbers once you compare apples to apples. ie. PHP+framework as a long running process matching Pinax for functionality. Would the memory requirements be that different? 7. Sounds like it's your server technology that's giving you those errors. You'd have to tell us what the underlying Python errors were for us to know whether Django was at fault or your setup. 8. You are not alone in thinking this but that is viewed as a feature for people trying to run stable sites. If you want to live on the bleeding edge then join the django-experimental branch that has opened recently on Github 9. Huh? Most people complain the Django template system is too simple and therefore limited. 10. I have no idea what you are trying to say here. You do sound slightly trollish. Give us a bit more info to go on and we can have a constructive debate. Here's the article that hints about the 20th May being a possible day for the decision: http://www.ipwatchdog.com/2010/05/17/another-day-without-bil... The interesting question for me is whether existing mobile hardware can accelerate this in any way - i.e. through the ARM Neon extensions and similar. Otherwise we will have to wait for a whole new generation of hardware if this is going to make any dent in the mobile web. A bit more substance to your complaint would be great. What are you arguing for? A normal JVM? Native code? A WebOS style environment? There are trade-offs to all decisions. Dalvik performance has been tolerable and now it looks like it has progressed to being quite reasonable. I'm just waiting for a chance to use a nicer language to produce Dalvik byte-code. I don't think it's very friendly to dynamic languages but I'd settle for almost anything other than Java. Is it in active development? A quick google doesn't find anything newer than a few years old. Does anyone know the status of DSP/GPU acceleration on OS X? What's the minimum specs to support it (if it's supported at all)? Did you RTFA? You could have made this a native app using the webkit control and bundled all the content in a 10th of the size. That's funny. As far as I can tell all the tools that are used for HTML (text editors and IDE's mainly) seem to be working pretty well for HTML5. And if you mean WYSIWYG then that market is dominated by Dreamweaver and even that has added HTML5 support. I got the impression that even the text was stored as a graphic. Beyond compare if fantastic. If you miss it that much then you can run it nicely under Wine/Darwine/Crossover etc. I've been using Deltawalker on the Mac which is nice if a little brittle sometimes. It sucks hugely for FTP/SFTP compares though. Am I missing something or are the words 'remove background image' not really easy to spot on the Google homepage? I came here to ask if anyone remembered DabbleDB. When I first saw the demo I thought that thing would change the world. Isn't that the kind of thing the OP is asking for? I mainly know OO through Python. I had a Java programmer try and explain why Dependency Injection frameworks were great and I went off and googled around and there are a few for Python. I still can't grok why I'd need one though. Is DI for Python the product of damaged minds or do they provide some real benefit? Sorry to say it but if you haven't heard of Google Voice you should probably leave this debate to people who are qualified to comment. I would argue that in a conversation about app store rejection policies and specifically Google Voice that someone informing us that they have never heard of it wasn't doing much more than adding noise. To anyone who has heard of Google Voice it's pretty clear that it's valid to put it forward as a innovative product. The level to which it's failed to permeated the broader public consciousness doesn't count against it at this stage in it's existence. By writing XML config files? (or is that just a Struts wart rather than an intrinsic part of DI?) Anyway - if mocking for tests is the major benefit of DI then there some other simpler ways to that. Everything I've read on DI makes it sound like a fairly complex beast. I agree. Maybe desktop-style UI's are dead for - well - desktops, too? What are the pain points in desktop UI's for touch devices? 1. Drag and Drop - many inexperienced users find drag and drop difficult so killing it wouldn't harm anyone. It always was a bitch with overlapping windows anyway. 2. Managing overlapping windows in general just sucks. I've often argued that tiling windows are a much better idea and these could be made to work on touch devices with larger screens too. 3. Scrollbars are useless on touch-devices and not much fun on the desktop. Luckily touchpad scrolling and mouse-wheels mean I don't have to use them much so maybe they can die too. 4. 'Hover' type interactions are usually inessential. and when they aren't it's usually a sign that something is horribly wrong with the UX Maybe even with touchpad/mouse/keyboard, the changes made necessary by touch devices might force desktop UI's to shed some of their weaker aspects. Another thing to think about is the '10 foot interface'. This suffers similar limitations to touchscreens and with Google TV and similar products spreading their influence, the remote control could become the most commonly used input device of all. How so? Last time I checked 'drag and drop' was still the primary method of file management in Finder and Apple hasn't added a tiling window manager. Fair point. I spend too much time at Reddit and sometimes forget which tone is appropriate. and I'd hate to contribute to making HN another Reddit... Looks like someone needs to read The Mythical Man Month. (I know TMMM is about specifically software engineering but for a CEO to think that bums on seats==productivity is fairly depressing) On a aide note - Americans! Move to Europe! Our economy is collapsing too but we're having a much better time watching it happen... Have a filter option in the Market app a little bit like safesearch. You'd have a single slider. 3 or 5 positions (low moderate high etc). Filtering would work in a metascore comprised of several metrics. The metrics would be opaque and Google would tune them regularly like it does with it's search ranking. Example metrics might be: 1. 'Spam' score based on app description. 2. 'Spammy Developer' score based quite simply on the number of apps released by this developer (this would immediately clean up most dross but people would quickly find ways to game it) 3. User ratings (weighted by the rating given to that user by other users) 4. Ratings derived from Google's web rankings of the app's web presence Problem solved. Can I have some money for that please Google? Becuase they would then be committing to a manual review process and all the scaling problems that would incur. http://code.google.com/p/django-linkcheck/ The take-up is probably limited by the fact that my documentation is erring towards the minimal. That and the erroneous dependencies I forgot to remove until last week. :) Stereo sound isn't going to be much use when the speakers are only 4 inches apart. Ah! My pet rant too. Overlapping windows. What a pain they are... How's this? http://developer.android.com/sdk/ndk/index.html I love Windows 7 window snapping. Bettertouchtool emulates this on the mac: http://blog.boastr.net/ The main issue with not having a maximum width is the lack of readability of long lines of text. and you can be extra nice and accept either a list or positional arguments... Actually I think he's got a partial point. I think there is a review of app quality (although you could dispute the criteria they use). But security? It would be unfeasible to do a proper security audit of every app even if they did have access to the source code. And yet many people are convinced that there is some form of security guarantee. I like to maximize whatever window is in focus to minimize visual clutter. (one of my pet hates about Safari and Mac OS in general is it's aversion to full-screen windows. As I've ranted about before multiple overlapping windows solve more problems than they create. Give me a single full-screen window plus the option to occasionally tile 2 (or 4) windows for those few occasions when I need that. What state would you lose exactly? Are you saying that an it's impossible technically to have an open source DRM format? I'm not sure that follows, does it? Doesn't it work like 'click to flash' i.e. each element activates when clicked on? I haven't tried but I assumed it did. Android is licenced under Apache v2 (not GPL) http://www.openhandsetalliance.com/android_faq.html Slightly overstated but I think the author has correctly identified a trend and it's one that we would do well to resist. A fair point. Maybe 'optimum' would be a more useful concept here than 'centre'... I see Python's position on the dynamicity (ugh) spectrum is in line with it's philosophy on readability. (On a side note - your definition of 'extreme' rather depends on what outliers you have. I do love it when the US media refers to the Democrats as 'left of center' ;) It's actually a Usenet post on comp.lang.python. You sound old-skool enough to still have access to a NNTP server ;-) I think an awful lot of the code run on Android will be native wrapped in some JIT-ed API calls. I think the parts of the browser that do the heavy lifting are all native so this might not be the best example to use. For the differences in responsiveness between iOS and Android look elsewhere. When they do their sums they are gambling that the average amount of space per user will leave them profitable. They advertise unlimited storage rather than capped storage so they have to hedge their bets somehow. I like their model. Your milage may vary. The patents are all VM related rather than related to the library. That sounds like an interesting big Ruby gig that would be a good story to tell the anti-dynamic languages FUD brigade. You should blog :) I suspect some people think it's more problematic to force web apps into a MVC pattern that was meant to describe conventional desktop apps. Would you care to engage with the actual points made in this article? If you reverse the "shall not"s then this sounds like a fairly current Android developers guide. I'm joking. I'm joking... Wow. Very disappointing comments on this post. I was looking forward to a healthy debate with some interesting arguments. but with a couple of exceptions this is silly bickering. Don't they have a contingency for this? I thought they could update the DRM code in devices with a new key or some such thing. Having checked back after a night's sleep things seem to have improved. Phew. I thought this had turned into Reddit. What language are you using? Anyone else hoping this will eventually allow coding on the device itself? Of course someone would have to come up with a more programmer-oriented virtual keyboard. I've already messed around with using bash and python without a physical keyboard and you really want easier access to all your punctuation and braces. Very interesting but not a small task by any means. Am I the only person hoping that a high profile URL shortener liky bit.ly get taken offline so people learn quickly that redirecting their content's URLs through a 3rd party is a bad idea? Surely it's OK to deploy anything that works acceptably for your audience. With sensible fallbacks and graceful degradation there is very little downside to using 'bleeding edge' features. Most of html5 and related standards have been constructed with careful attention of backwards compatibility. It might be harder than you think to replace highly refined creative tools such as Illustrator or Photoshop. Although they have become rather bloated and the last few versions have failed to innovate in significant ways, there is a lot of graphics professionals who would be very reluctant to waste all that hard-won muscle-memory. Plus there's a lot of work-flow knowledge in them there apps. You don't do graphic design, do you? Can everyone commenting on this please remember that Adobe produces software aside from Flash and Reader? Those two may interfere with your browsing habits but just because you don't come into contact with anything else Adobe produces doesn't mean it doesn't have some importance in the software industry. I'm running JPK and it's much, much better. Like you say - nice hardware but released with way too many bugs. I'd like to put forward the idea that what the anti-(software)-patent lobby needs is more and better patent trolls. Is it possible that the situation could get so bad that a couple of the big guns would swing behind patent reform? Aside from the rapid performance gains in recent months and the fact that it's twice as fast as CPython... If these are developers then I'm shocked that they could be that ignorant of trends inside their own profession. Although I met a student studying Java for a CS degree who hadn't heard of Python. So anything is possible I suppose... http://twitpic.com/33c0ph Apps could definitely be more modular and the recent addition of contrib.staticfiles to trunk will help greatly with, um, static files! Templates aren't really a problem, are they? Django will find the base ones and you can overload them if you want. settings should be handled elegantly with sensible defaults that you override if needed. And finally - the root url config is a bit of a bottleneck as every app that has URL's needs at least an include here. A registration system would be good but there are thorny issues to do with ordering of the URLs. The solution would be to keep it separate but 'bless' it with a reference in the docs. IMHO the same should be done with contrib.admin You could then have a django download with batteries and without. 8pen reminded me about Dasher which I used to use a few years ago. By coincidence Dasher for Android just hit the market: http://www.inference.phy.cam.ac.uk/dasher/DasherSummary2.htm... Dasher for Android just became available. Damn shame that Android MIDI and audio support is lagging as then there would be scope for companies to innovate with Android based specialist hardware. And I'm looking forward to a real world example of 'width' where JSON fails and XML shines. I'm not sure I understand the point being argued here. (side note - why the tinyurl?) And why's that a problem? You know - compared to TinyURL going bust in a few years and your comment losing it's context... Can you upload your document or part of it somewhere where others can take a look? I find it hard to believe Google would release this if it was that useless (no jokes about Buzz or Wave, please). The specs are nearly identical to the Galaxy S/Captivate etc. He is light-heartedly using 'morals' as a part of his schtick. No-one is expected to take it seriously. Underneath the style there are some interesting points being made about how certain uses of certain features breaks other features. I'd be interested to hear your rebuttal. .Net, Java, Ruby and PHP but no direct Python support? No. I think with the purchase of Heroku it's clear they are betting big on Ruby. I hope this is good for the Ruby community. It could go either way. I learnt Forth as a kid. ( http://www.worldofspectrum.org/infoseekid.cgi?id=0008967 plus Acorn Forth) What blew my mind was that - apart from a tiny kernel - Forth was written in Forth. It bootstrapped itself from basic principles. It's kind of the Principia Mathematica of programming languages... Well I would say 'significantly different' from the pictures I've seen. Same materials used though so you might have a point there. The only problem with the Galaxy S is the buggy software it was released with and the appalling length of time it took Samsung to get Froyo out the door. I'm running it with JPU Froyo and it's a lovely bit of kit. Did he turn off personalized search with the pws=0 parameter? I think the important point is that people are discussing the evidence for this rather than merely stating it to be the case. It might be regarded as ill-mannered to hijack a thread about a serious subject that affects the lives billions with your thoughts on a subject that mildly inconveniences the relatively well-off..? Why pointless? It's a parody and it contains a critique of Quora that's fairly valid. It might not be a particularly deep critique but it doesn't have to be. You don't have to use Quora to be irritated by it... The coverage alone is sufficient for that. God what a nit-picking, humourless bunch we have here today! I'm wondering if any conclusions should be drawn from the disinterest in microdata. On one level it's to be expected - most interest in HTML5 is coming from front-end people whilst microdata is of most interest to 'back-end' types (and SEO bods). However one shouldn't forget Cory Doctorow's metacrap thesis: http://www.well.com/~doctorow/metacrap.htm No-one is talking about finding the global maxima. We are simply discussing ways to avoid local maxima. "Better" not "Best"... I didn't find his tone too objectionable. Always consider that getting the tone correct can be difficult in a foreign tongue. Sorry for the downvote but that was a very early analysis and the story has progressed a bit since. There's room for a more nuanced evaluation of WebM which I'd like to hear. It's not exactly insightful but it does have some merit. Apple's approach is an odd mix of open and closed. You could describe it as 'strategically open'... (of course - this applies to Google too to a slightly lesser degree). No company supports open-source if it directly conflicts with their perceived interests. Some companies just take a wider view than others. But now that architecture is in place it won't be difficult to extend it to other codecs. Most of the time it took to get support for hardware decoding in place was time needed for Adobe to wake up and realise there was a problem. They have moved fairly quickly since then. Don't most statistics put it at about 5%? I don't know if it's "major" but it's probably worthy of consideration. We probably want to remove any excuse for not switching to https. Perceived performance penalties, inconsequential or not, might hold back many sites. I wondered the same thing at the time. Google needs to start tackling the patent system head-on. They dabbled a little bit in the Bilski case but I think it would be a more valuable use of their energy than the ill-considered h264 battle. I wonder how much assistance the $100 million they spent on On2 could have provided to the patent reform movement? Their recent fancy-pants redesign made everything prettier, slower, more cluttered and added almost no new functionality. One of the devs had the nerve to post about how clever the resolution-independent swoosh at the top was. In my head I was yelling "stop fiddling with that and fix the frikkin search!" I think you meant to reply on that 'generic smart phone whinges' thread. Cool. What else is your company overly dogmatic about? If I'm clicking around to crappy sites to figure out why they rank highly I don't really want them to get even higher in my personal search ranking! Is deleting them from search history enough to correct this effect? Which will be tiny. Videos, audio and photos and game media will take the bulk of the space. Of those - only photos and a proportion of the videos are likely to be totally unique to a user. Thank heaven for that. I thought I was going to have to write Javascript on the server one day. The problem is that - as Gawker have shown - people start thinking that techniques that might be acceptable for web apps are acceptable for content sites. They don't think this through as they don't use anything other than a modern web browser with javascript switched on. Jolly good. A site that understands the concept of 'progressive enhancement'. It's [deleted] now. What was it was that drew such well-worded ire? I only want the windows visible that are relevant to the task. That usually means one window - possible two. I want everything else invisible including bits of my desktop peeking through the edges. It's all just clutter. How on earth you work with Twitter always visible onscreen I don't know. Do you get anything done!? I'm still using the now moribund Python on Netbeans as my day to day IDE. I'd love someone to pick that project up too. I recall someone looked into it and decided it was too big a job. Shame because it's 90% there and definitely usable in it's current state. You should add an option to differntiate 'some other tracker' from 'a tracker I wrote myself'. I'd be interested to see how many hand-rolled solutions there are out there. The real test will be whether they've got the sense to spend 20 minutes signing in here and engaging us in dialogue. I read the article and was struck more by the difference between me and someone who would pay $6,000 to go to a conference than about the difference between Group A and Group B. GIve me $6,000 and I'm off on a round-the-world trip. I might take a few TED videos to watch on the way, though... With all due respect you either are suffering from Stockholm Syndrome or you haven't given much thought to how one could design a text-based format for layout. Not in the feverish imaginings of a thousand tortured opium dreams would one design something like CSS-P. Try sitting down with someone who has never used CSS and teaching them how to do a simple 3 column layout with background colours and a header and footer that works reasonably well across the three major browsers. Scratch that - sit down and explain it to me. I gave up and hired someone else to do it. I enjoy luring people in to discussions about tables vs pure CSS layouts. You get a lot of hand-waving about theoretical benefits related to accessibility and the semantic web. Just press them for specifics and ask for examples of a simple three-column layout table causing an actual problem for any extant user-agent. Writing your own wrapper on contenteditable is like rewriting jQuery. Yes it's a messy complicated problem. That's why you don't do it yourself. Something like TinyMCE is incredibly configurable and has had years to work around the browser quirks in contenteditable. Use it wherever possible. On a side note I recently exchanged some emails between the lead dev on TinyMCE and the person working on the Webkit implementation of contenteditable. I had very little luck persuading them to communicate. The fault was mainly on the webkit end of things. I find it astonishing there isn't better communication between people at this level. The number of people using TinyMCE via Wordpress must be in the millions. You'd think people working on Webkit would be seeking them out for advice on implementation bugs. Currently Webkit only (uses CSS3 animation with the Webkit prefix). Did a fairly good job on a keyframe/tween animation I'd done. There were a few problems with masked images but I imagine that could be fixed. Most features are supported where the HTML/CSS equivalent exists. No support for any Actionscript conversion (oh if only AS3 hadn't decided to reinvent itself as Java 2 this might have been possible). Questions: 1. How modular is the code produced? Could I easily use Flash to create chunks of animation but then control them via Javascript? 2. Will Mozilla ever support CSS Animation? Last I heard they weren't too keen on it. 3. IE? Scratch that. I'm not even going to ask. How is 1 even possible when they don't control the platform? This kind of knee-jerk anti-Flash thing is getting tiresome. We get it. You don't like animated ads. I don't like them either. You can make annoying animations using any technology. Are you seriously implying that animation/interactivity in general is a bad thing? I seriously doubt that. Stop blaming the tools. Use Adblock and get over it. I quite agree but Apple's anti-Flash play has almost certainly made this a thing of the past. OP seems to be saying something different and altogether less defensible: "Anything made with Flash is bad". This is denying an entire range of applications that are currently unfeasible with HTML-based technologies. True. Compilation isn't an ideal solution however as you end up with code that's not human readable or editable. I wanted to make the point that Javascript and Actionscript used to be so similar that some form of conversion that left the code usable might have been possible. FF4 isn't slated to support CSS animations AFAIK I struggle to find a different interpretation of your statement even with the word substitution you suggest. I've seen astonishing creativity from the Flash community over the years in the areas of games, UI experiments, generative art to name a few. Do you remember when Javascript had the same soiled reputation? DHTML anyone? Webkit barely supports contenteditable on the desktop. For some reason the fact that it's used as on every WYSIWYG editor in the frikkin' world doesn't make it high enough priority for a fix... Come on now. Surely resuming a partial download is a solved problem in this day and age? People have been using the term 'class-based views' to describe the new feature but am I right in thinking this only affects generic views? A couple of years back I switched from Windows to Mac and I can't say I really noticed any downside to the single fixed application menu. The gains due to Fitt's Law however are noticable and I when using a Windows box I find the menus to be annoyingly small click targets. I do miss the discoverability of Windows ALT+letter menu accelerator key presses though. Your first point is very useful. Still way slower than the Windows way but way quicker than mousing it. I already knew the alert dialog trick. It doesn't work consistently though which is rather annoying (Apple's own apps rarely seem to support it) I would argue the trend is towards smaller screens if anything (small, light laptops, netbooks, tablets etc.). I always either maximise or snap Windows to some sensible half/third of the screen layout. I don't want to manually juggle Windows as my OCD kicks in and I start fiddling with them to get them exactly lined up. The Mac's 'sort of maximised but with a bit of the desktop showing round the edges' gives me the shakes... Gruber's just picked it up with no comment other than a strange piece of snide: http://daringfireball.net/linked/2011/04/07/android-apps-loo... (What is he implying? Assuming sarcasm - he is saying that it's not a coincidence but that some unnamed other parties claim it is. I don't really get it but it seems like he's getting too lazy to actually offer an extended argument these days) Doesn't she specifically say in the presentation that Sass is not a solution? No-one has ever explained to me why I would want to be the 'mayor' of anything. I don't even see in what sense it's a game. What. I have to go to Starbucks more than some other person to win? I thought I was missing some important aspect like I did before I 'got' Twitter but in this case apparently not. Hear hear! Almost every company tries to inflict crap like this on users at some stage. It's a prime case of marketing trumping all other factors. Why invent a new bit of jargon then? Where does this get explained to people (bearing in mind users don't read! The solution is to call it the Windows key as 95%+ of Ubuntu users will know it as that and have a Windows keyboard. But somehow more difficult both to pronounce and hear clearly. 1. You can if they are in a very small minority. 2. It's not about adoption. It's about usability. Everyone will know what you mean if you call it 'the Windows key'. The same is not true if you call it 'the Super key'. I disagree. It's so obviously a cheap, nasty move that no warning should be necessary. It's beyond intrusive. It's spam and Airpush will hopefully be out of business soon. Just had a revealing little chat with an Airpush sales rep via their Live Chat system: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2493047 Ack - sorry. I think it's because I didn't include a URL. I should have posted the content elsewhere and a link in HN. I forgot HN doesn't really support longer form posts like this. In my defence, I'm currently blog-less. Sigh. Can we get this correction to the top of the comment list please? I'm currently working with an excellent Django developer (in China) and a top-notch designer/front-end dev (in Serbia). Found them both through oDesk. Apply a bit of filtering. One trick I use is asking a simple domain-knowledge type question in the posting. Ignore everyone who doesn't read it properly or doesn't bother answering. That will instantly cut a lot of the crud out. It would surprise me. Quite a lot. Except the many Samsungs have no dedicated search button. :-( On my phone I can't say I use Flash, but it's come in very handy at times for (cough) legacy sites. It really sounds like I meant porn, didn't it? It's really going to sound even more like that now, if I deny it, isn't it? Damn. The greatest gift Steve Jobs has given web developers is a cast-iron reason to give clients why doing their navigation in Flash is a bad idea. It's saved me hours over trying to explain the proper reasons. Where's the evidence that heavy animations in javascript are less CPU hogging than heavy animations in Flash? Were you aware of the name clash before you committed to your current name? Yes that was great. You might want to consider hitting the return key a few more times with posts of that length though. :) In my experience no. Clients know what Flash is and they will specifically ask around for a 'web designer' who 'does Flash'. Heck. I've even got a client who tells me to put some jQuery on the site to jazz it up a bit! He didn't seem too impressed when I billed him for optimizing my array access code using jQuery.each()... The biggest thing Google could do for the mobile web is force carriers onto a quicker Android update cycle. The implementation of CSS media queries is broken in nearly all shipped handsets making them pointless as an optimization for sending the correct images to browsers. This isn't likely to change for quite a while. The Android browser really needs to auto-update like the desktop Chrome. Someone at Google should get a slap upside the head for not getting this spot on. Google is evangelising performance on one hand and making careless errors on the other... From a brief reading, it's potentially worse than an 8ms slow-down if you take all the issues into account. Have I misinterpreted? You missed the worst part of the new magsafe. They don't perform the job magsafe was invented for: preventing an accident from yanking your laptop off a table. Out of the 4 possible directions a cable can be yanked - 2 of them (towards the laptop body and the direction the magsafe cable is pointing) are now more likely to pull the laptop than they are to safely disengage the cable. How did someone not notice this? Except of course - you wouldn't really need .html (.php or .anything) on a url... This argument is flawed in several ways: 1. Repetitive tasks get progressively faster with the keyboard as the motion gets smoother as your practise it. 2. He allows two-handed using editing Ctrl+X/C/V as a special case but there are other similar situations. I'd like to see the exact methodology. 2 seconds to decide which key press to use sounds fishy to me. Are you still on Froyo? Gingerbread for the Galaxy made things a lot smoother. (even the first update to the original release firmware made a noticeable difference. See which version you've got.) Sometimes 'good enough' really is good enough. For christ's sake, there's a zillion ways to mitigate ORM related performance hits. One of those zillion is 'stop using an ORM' but it's not likely to be your first choice. I'm guessing the former as I've never heard of the latter. Is it time for a Central Registry for TLA's? (CRT! Damn. It's taken...) Looks like O3D would have been a better approach after all. Did Google back the wrong horse? Dear Music Industry, Please get on board with a service we want to use and do it quickly. In fact - get on board with several. PS might help piracy a bit if you did. Same here. Accepted a beta invite a while back. Now I can't login. The fact that your last sentence is uncontroversial is really depressing. Everyone accepts that 'lobbying' is a polite word for 'bribery' and should be unacceptable in a modern democracy. We should all be on the damn streets about this. Get it here: http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1166152 Anyone got a transcript so I can read it at normal human speed? I've found many of the claims of collateral damage to be from sites that I don't honestly feel were adding much value to our lives, even if they weren't strictly content farms. I'd be interested to hear your specific story? I agree on you regarding a full stack web framework with it's own community such as Django but a lightweight, minimal web framework would be a useful addition to the standard library, surely? It's an interesting dynamic. I'm going through a similar thought process except one level of abstraction higher (at the pseudo-CMS level on top of Django). I'm sure similar debates happen at lower levels of abstraction too. You've got to decide for yourself where your 'reinventing the wheel' cutoff point is. For some people it's flipping binary bits, for others, anything lower level than configuring Drupal modules is just a waste of time. But part of the advantage with jQuery being single-file there is ease of deployment. Python isn't quite as handicapped in this areas as Javascript is. A single line in requirements.txt can add something as complex a complex library to your project without a second thought. Wow. That's bit harsh. I'll try and stay civil. "The community is pretty much dead." - not from where I'm standing. I live in a tech-savvy town and there seems to be more Django devs here than Rails devs. Of course - it's not a popularity contest otherwise PHP would be the best web framework ;-) "All my Django projects ended up being a big mess" - that used to be the case with my own code but by reading other people's code (and the Django source) I've improved hugely. Should you be blaming your tools? "And the community in general seems to agree" - the Django community agrees that Django sucks? Or did you mean the web dev community in general? If so - can you back that up with anything more substantial? I'll just point out that was one of the major talks at DjangoCon 2010 and the title was meant to be provocative and in good humour. Eric Florenzano was and is a major player in the (allegedly non-existent) Django community. I think you were looking for http://djangopackages.com/ Makes it very easy to find out which packages are actively maintained (also - just see which ones have recent commits on Github!) And remember some projects have little activity because they were born perfect :) Hmmmm. I was a pretty green PHP coder when I picked up Django and I found the only parts of the learning curve which were tricky were doing things WELL. i.e. understanding how to write elegant, reusable code. And that's hard in any language because it's about being a good programmer, rather than just learning an API. Partly a slip of the keyboard. But PHP is language + web-oriented 'libraries' (actually built-ins) so the it's a blurry distinction. I'd loved to have exchanged emails with you a year ago. The admin is amazingly malleable. Almost everything can be overridden and replaced. There's plenty of nice debugging/logging solutions (Werkzeug+Django Extensions being my favourite). Email switching between dev/producution is trivial (unless I'm misunderstanding you). There ARE some clunky parts to customizing auth - mainly around extending the User model - but it's not that terrible. "a third party application that isn't baked into the framework." In what way is this a bad thing? South has excellent support, code-quality and usage. The only thing that would change by building it into Django would be to tie it's release schedule to that of a much larger code-base. Apparently not. With or without the ARCHFLAGS tip? Aside from maybe removing the numeric ID, is that url that bad? Reading this, does anyone else get a sinking feeling regarding the chances of semantic markup succeeding? It's too easy to get it wrong and the subtleties are, well, too subtle. It's never going to work. It's quite possible that there's a valid technical reason for this. Codec usage? Something bleeding edge to do with HTML5 Audio? A slightly crappy but plausible reason is that they didn't want the extra hassle of cross-browser testing and pool of browsers capable of running this was pretty small. Excellent. Now maybe we can start putting pressure on these bastards: http://www.wired.co.uk/news/archive/2010-11/03/railtrack-ope... http://mocko.org.uk/b/2011/01/08/open-uk-rail-data-media-cov... Apologies for the bile the situation regarding access to UK Rail Network data gets me really irritated. So it's obligatory to reach a conclusion in the face of contradictory or inconclusive evidence? By that logic, any book about the Kennedy assassination that doesn't conclude with the author's pet candidate should be tossed out. Or was there something else about the piece you didn't like? I personally found it quite enjoyable and well researched. I didn't get the impression it was dependent on the normal Google crawlers and I didn't see any warning about dynamic content. Maybe it's clever enough to work out what can be cached and grab everything else on the fly? 1. How do you reliably extract forename+surname from a single name field 2. Same for the City/State field 3. Half the world will enter dd/mm/yy and half will enter mm/dd/yy for date of birth (and the geeks will enter yy/mm/dd ;-). How do you check for that error? For me, the price point was way off and fixing that makes it more interested. If any of these devices develops a decent 3rd party app ecosystem then that could be interesting too as long as the apps could do useful stuff (i.e. the API's were powerful enough). I'd also really want PVR functionality but over time, as the channels I'm interested in improve their on-demand web-based offering that's becoming less crucial. Oh and one more small problem. It doesn't work in the UK. Have you spoken to people that have used them for any length of time? I only ask because I read a review that said, although the Sony remote looked horrific, it wasn't too bad in actual use. And how well integrated into Android 'proper' is it? For example - intents and fragments? Explain? And if your only answer is 'ads and crappy splash screens' then think a bit more deeply before you respond. People round here'd like a little bit more insight than a simple kneejerk reaction. Any suggestions where we should all be moving on to next? Back then there was a reasonable fear that behaviours was typical Microsoft 'embrace and extend' move that I don't think is present in this case. The fact that they are already working with Mozilla is a good sign and it wouldn't be in Google's strategic interests to make this proprietary. Not sure if this counts but there is Mobile Firefox for Android. On one hand: http://www.mpegla.com/Lists/MPEG%20LA%20News%20List/Attachme... "Parties with patents or patent applications determined by MPEG LA’s patent experts to be essential to the H.264/AVC standard (“standard”) so far include Columbia University, Electronics and Telecommunications Research Institute of Korea (ETRI), France Télécom, Fujitsu, Matsushita, Mitsubishi, Microsoft, Motorola, Nokia, Philips, Polycom, Robert Bosch GmbH, Samsung, Sharp, Sony, Thomson, Toshiba, and Victor Company of Japan (JVC)." On the other - I don't see Motorola here: http://www.mpegla.com/main/programs/AVC/Pages/Licensors.aspx So I'm a bit confused about whether Google just managed to buy into AVC/h264 or not. Isn't the point of media queries not to try and guess what type of device is being used (are people really doing that?) but to make a layout decision based on the available device information. The author seems to be claiming that media queries are saying "I reckon this is probably a phone so I'll show them a mobile layout" whereas surely the point is for the media query to say "This device has a screen width less than x pixels so I'll move the left column underneath the content" Did you actually look at the code? There's no mention of the damage to the Android ecosystem. All partners would be basically shoved out of at least the low-end segment and would get more nervous than they already are about their role in Android's future. I can't take the article seriously unless it addresses this issue in some detail. He rather lost me at first two points. I don't hear a lot of complaints from the Python or Ruby camps about how much they desperately miss static typing. It would have to be via a seriously 'get out of my way' type-inference for me to want to allow all that ugly back into the language. And point 2. Performance? Again - don't hear much complaining about this for the vast majority of applications. I rarely find the bottlenecks to be in my web language constructs. Most people aren't writing another Twitter. You should find Simon Willison's talk about Building Lanyrd very relevant. Slides and video here: http://lanyrd.com/2011/brightonpy-building-lanyrd/ "user-scalable=no". Is this really the way forward? Why the assumption that the only reason I might zoom in is 'accidental'? Also I am uneasy about populating all content via JSON but I can't put my finger on the precise technical reasons (but then neither could Gawker wrt desktop browsers so they went ahead with it anyway) He was rude and abrupt, rather than a troll. Closures and lambda (anonymous functions) are orthogonal features. Python has closures (and one last limitation related to scope and rebinding was fixed in Python 3) Furthermore although I agree Python's limited lambda's make it slightly uglier to do some constructs, it's merely syntactic sugar. First-order functions are the critical feature. Whether you are compelled to give them a name or not isn't critical. Not just beta invites. I often get emails along the lines of: "Annoucement! Spluttr adds 25% more foo to free plans!" or similar. Now I probably signed up to Spluttr 6 months ago, took a quick look and decided I wasn't interested as I needed 25% more foo. In the intervening months, you've lived, breathed and sweated Spluttr whilst I've signed up for another 20 services and forgotten what most of them are for. Remind me in every email. Nib looks interesting but it's hard to know as there aren't any docs I could find. For example does it help with border-radius for IE pre-9 or do I still need something like CSS3 PIE for that? I think the title is misleading. The author hints at a much bigger issue (I'm not an iOS user so I can't say how valid his point is but it's not about 'programming' per se. There's no reason why an ORM can't allow custom SQL and still produce the same output format. Or close enough that duck typing will get you the rest of the way. I've done this several times using Django's ORM. "ORM is bad for reporting and complex queries" - all ORMs? I've heard SQL Alchemy is pretty hot at that kind of thing. This guy seems to be missing the point somewhat and dragging the argument further into the ether. Either he's explained something really badly or someone has this exactly 180 degrees wrong. It's pretty astonishing that this is still not fixed. Some of the most enthusiastic evangelists for Google products are locked out of Plus. Really bizarre oversight. I don't recall hearing the Django guys espousing TDD. Testing - yes - but not especially a 'Tests firsts' approach. I could be wrong but I wonder if you're conflating writing tests (everyone should do it) with TDD (a little more controversial) Took me a while to realise that you had to click the share button in the far top right to share the currently viewed item. The physical separation between the item you're sharing and the screen element you have to click to share it strikes me as rather counter-intuitive. See my other comment. I made the same mistake. You have to click the share button in the top-right. Isn't that public sharing only? The non-public sharing is in the top right of your screen. This strongly supports this: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3182579 I wonder if another implication of Google actually rendering pages is that SEO is going to have to focus much more heavily on visible page content rather than hidden or quietly shuffled out-of-sight content. Is there actually a shipping user agent, screen reader or otherwise, that behaves this way? I could be wrong but I don't recall that they were ever particularly quick to make use of all the new markup we try and provide for them. It reminds me of the battles about CSS vs Tables for layout where screen readers were always wheeled out as an argument for not using tables. Expect that all the shipping screen readers seemed to cope fairly well with tables. (There are many ways in which your markup can break screen-readers but the issues are often more subtle and complex than 'use this tag or that tag' and require someone to actually test in a specific screen reader) Is there not some way that the certificate checks can run on app launch? Or even periodically Indeed. That has been Microsoft's biggest weakness for several years now. Innovative initiatives are shut down because they threaten Windows, Office or both. The Courier story is the most recent example but far from the only one. I wonder how this affects platforms such as YouView and Google TV? I assume Google TV can make do without Flash but how dependent is YouView? God, yes. So much of what's repeated about the benefits of semantic markup are pie-in-the-sky. The link to the IRC logs in that piece was fascinating. To see Mark Pilgrim - who was always at the pragmatic end of things when it came to the accessibility debate - recanting many of the positions he takes in 'Dive into Accessibility' tells you how little of the things that we've been promised for years have actually amounted to anything. Don't believe anyone who tells you anything about markup best practice until they can point you to a shipping user-agent that will make use of it and introduce you to a living human being who will experience some tangible benefit. Moderately complex intro animation from an old e-learning course I did converted successfully (failed on earlier versions of this tool so obviously they've been improving things). No sound, not much scripting but lots of timeline animation with masked images. swf: 205kb html: 352kb (not including the swiffy runtime.js) Not bad considering all the images have to be base64 encoded. Generated code looked... generated... But not too awful. You could probably do something with it if you needed to. However - it's no worse than trying to modify a swf file. You just wouldn't unless you ran it through a decompiler first and I don't see why that wouldn't be possible here also. In most cases you'd go back to the FLA file or the XML equivalent and modify that instead. Before. A quick test by just zipping them up gave: html: 209kb swf: 205kb Does anyone know whether 'on the wire' gzip would give similar benefits? You (and I to a certain extent) need to be more specific. You've provided a list of screen readers. What I was really trying to say was "when someone argues that a particular markup or technique has benefits, then they need to demonstrate a real user with a real need who will benefit using shipping technology". So we would need to pick a particular point of contention and then we can argue the toss. PS If you read the Mark Pilgrim IRC logs he caricatured the response he often found when criticising any aspect of accessibility best-practise as "OMG!!! YOU HATE BLIND PEOPLE!!!". It's an effective way of shutting down debate and doesn't help anyone. Came here to post a link to this after seeing it on Reddit. I might have just fallen in love a little bit. Don't leap so quickly to making it a user choice. Just 'Do The Right Thing'. In this case I think enforcing a max width is 'The Right Thing'. If you disagree then that'a ace but take the responsibility for your own defaults. It doesn't seem to look or behave much like the Wave I remember. I'll play a bit more but there seems to quite a lot of functionality missing not to mention the rather drab appearance. Any evidence or should we assume all app are now malware? Yes I am happy for Google to do that. You phrase the question as if people won't have even thought about it that way. I think it's a trade where I come off the best. I'm not much of a consumer. I don't buy that much stuff. My value to advertisers is probably a lot less than they think it is so I'm currently doing fairly well from selling my profile in return for free services. "See NodeJS and Python for examples." What's an example of the Python community doing this. Usually Python get's criticised for being overly-conservative if anything. I can see myself keeping a copy of this post to show to clients for years to come. Well done for crystallising something I've been floundering to put into words. Dear phone manufacturers, Please stop selling us features or bigger screens or faster CPU's until you've made a phone that isn't rendered unusable by virtue of a flat battery whenever you use any of its glorious features. Dear consumers, Stop buying hardware that has exactly the same flaws time and time again because it has a few new gimmicks. I'd be happy with a thicker phone but extended life batteries have to be much thicker than if the phone had originally designed with a larger battery in the first place. The replacement back cover leaves lots of wasted space inside the case. Really? I've heard both that claim and it's c.ounterclaim several times and come to the conclusion that it's an interesting yet ultimately futile discussion. You do know that issue is discussed in some depth in the google piece under discussion? So how do you search or sort by track name in your physical music collection? I'm stunned by the traffic figures as I don't know one person that uses it (and I suspect the majority of my non-tech, Facebook loving friends have never heard of it). Is that anything to do with my demographic (41, M, UK based)? Who's predictions are often at odds with other commentators and ends up looking misguided (a lot of his commentary on Oracle vs Google). He has some strange axes to grind. I just can't work out why (or exactly what his precise angle is) Also remember that it's usually latency and connections that kills mobile performance. I've also found the actual data transfer to be fairly good compared to your average domestic DSL. Can you clarify what you mean by 'worse'? The clipping, over-saturation and other 'defects' are all intentional aspects of this kind of process. Or do you mean something else? A guess. The likely demographic of early-adopters are also statistically likely to require prescription lenses. I also doubt the initial versions will cater to people who need prescription lenses. I do hope that they've factored this in to their sales projections. The claim is that they in the process of switching back, not that it's already rolled out. Which surely is and will continue to be the majority of sites? HN blinkers aside - aren't most sites still going to be content sites rather than web applications? Hopefully they are going with pushState with a fall-back to server rendering for all user agents that don't support pushState. That's a compromise I can get behind. And it's pretty much progressive enhancement... mailto: is getting less common due to spambots? I thought spam filters were getting better. I never hide my email address and get next to 0 spam (gmail). That being the only sane option, I sincerely hope so. Years of trying to explain to designers from a print background that it's much easier to think in pixels than doing a mental transformation from mm to dpi to screen and now the whole world goes crazy. Can you not see that to many people, suspending Egor's account looks churlish and petty. It's bad PR with your core demographic. Although I would agree their politics and aims were pretty scattershot and unfocused - that's a little unfair don't you think? "I am not trying to draw moral equivalencies here" Well - like it or not that's how it comes across and I personally find your comparison extremely distasteful. An ideal situation would be installable interpreters that still allowed you to use a system-wide rendering engine. I actually think Windows had something similar with ActiveScripting. I assume something like QT allows you to script the webview with whatever language you have bindings for? Unfortunately QT+bindings is a pretty long way from 'zero install' As with the original article I'm talking about desktop apps which would already require an installer. It's just about reducing the pain of that install. That's not what the article is proposing. Ahhhh. Audiogalaxy. That brings back memories. It was amazing back in it's (less legitimate) days. It took over from Napster but improved on it in many ways. Define 'unwarranted'. For every site with a good ranking there's probably a dozen who rank worse but provide equally good content. Maybe just shaking things up a bit regularly isn't a bad idea in itself. That sounds like a marvelous future. Everyone who can justify throwing money at the problem can use paid search and everyone left in organic search can wish them all good riddance and get on with producing content. God yes. Who decided 'thinnest phone ever' was something to aim for? Nobody asked me... Gruber is confusing two things. If someone agreed to a Windows update download and the entire UI changed then, yes, they would be surprised and rightfully distressed. However - if they, asy, upgraded from Windows XP to Vista then they would not be. They might even be looking forward to a UI overhaul in the name of 'progress'. Aren't we talking about the latter case here? That old 'unpaid labor' thing working out well for you then! Someone on Reddit bothered to read the actual paper and found the following: 4.4 Accounting for High Rate Components The FSM power model does not cover RAM and Organic LED screen (OLED) since these components are accessed at much higher rates (and hence called high rate components) resulting in high overheads in event based modeling. [...] we leave RAM/OLED accounting as future work. If I'm understanding that correctly it's a rather big factor to decide to casually ignore. source: http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/r39lz/free_apps_... Do either of those facts merit patentability? creative != novel and non-obvious. It's a much lower bar. And that is without considering the 'machine and transformation' side of things. Sigh. Deal-breaker. Hitting 'Enter' creates s and not s and it looks like they don't plan to change it: https://github.com/xing/wysihtml5/issues/13 How sad - down-voted to oblivion on your first comment. Quick tip to get the appropriate tone right. Don't post anything that sounds like a typical Reddit comment. Is it people or scripts? What's the motivation or is it a mystery? Luckily: https://github.com/bartsidee/boxee 'porcelain' is completely new to me in this context. Could you explain what it means? (and who uses it?) Isn't the aim here to improve readability? The value of a UX convention is mostly destroyed if it doesn't become an accepted convention. Consider this. Company X develops an interaction. They use it in all their software which commands 30% of the market and they prevent others using using the threat of patent litigation. The rest of the industry settles on an alternative which is patent-free. Which is the better interaction? You can argue that it's the second one simply by virtue of being used in 70% of cases. Even if it is initially less familiar or in general less efficient - it's eventual familiarity outweighs both concerns. There are quite a few ways to develop Flash games without using Flash the tool. Is it possibly as simple as the fact that you can smart regulations and dumb regulations? Didn't for me. I installed an earlier gdata thusly: sudo pip install http://gdata-python-client.googlecode.com/files/gdata-2.0.14... Ooooh! Look: http://code.google.com/p/google-docs-fs/ Any specific suggestions as to what reporting method to use? Is there anything in place for this kind of abuse? Has anyone reported anything like this before and can comment on the efficacy of the complaint? Here's a clue: "A third party service is requesting permission to access your Google Account." That's full access you're granting there - not just oAuth login. It's pretty hard to spot that though. Not sure if I would have. And the Missing the Point award goes to... If you provided an argument with a little more detail and substance, then I'm sure you'll receive the reasoned responses that you crave. Until then I'm just down-voting you for baldly stating something that contradicts most reasoned analyses that I've read. Can you provide a bit more detail to convince me that you understand the difference between visual design and usability? Hmmmm. The Python convention of semi-private methods starting with an underscore would do the trick. I've been burnt in the past with using someone else's javascript code and finding out that something I needed to modify they hadn't deemed public for some weird reason. Forking the code isn't the best pattern for code reuse. Can I just add that on the whole the techniques that currently get labelled 'responsive' are fairly non-awful and only obliquely related to the awfulness described herein. Anyone else on OSX seeing high CPU usage? I get ~7% when it's just sitting there with 1 project open. The main difference I can see is that insync creates MS file formats when it syncs (.xls, .doc etc) whilst GDrive creates .gsheet, .gdoc files which for me just open Google Docs in Chrome. Interesting difference. Google's approach isn't very good for interoperability. edit: and incidentally insync has failed to comprehend me moving a stack of files into a folder and instead created duplicates. Syncing is a hard problem with lots of edge cases (and on that note Chrome bookmark sync deleted 5 years of bookmarks) Here's a bug you can vote for: http://youtrack.jetbrains.com/issue/IDEA-84652?projectKey=ID... I got a peculiar sense of satisfaction about seeing someone (presumably US) having to ask to have an acronym or bit of country-specific jargon explained. My brain is now full of terms that only exist in the States that get bandied around in discussions as if everyone knows what they mean. Sounds a little tin-foil hat to me. Care you justify your hyperbole? Errrr, If that's true then it's astonishingly unacceptable. (I mean - official chargers should never be dangerous.) Is there a non-Macports install guide for OS X? Hey. Why doesn't someone turn that tutorial into a plugin. It's a really common workflow... They could bundle it with Gimp and call it 'Smart Sharpen'... Oh wait. [seriously - if there's 20 tutorials for a something then it needs to be a built-in] Or they've been spoiled by certain language features and it seems unbearable to go backwards. Have you seen it in the flesh? Surely at this ppi, it takes a magnifying glass to see any pentile related deficiencies? Not that I disagree with you but this part of the trial is just about copyright. I might be dim but I fail to see any connection at all. One is about metadata and machine readability whilst the other is about linking web app capabilities. Anyone else stop reading after seeing the lowest tier was $19.95/month? Maybe I'm just a cheapskate... Someone has to take this market. It's a mess. I've got a Boxee, XMBC, previous has Windows Media Center and various other Windows based MCE's. I've looked at Wii, XBox, PS3, XStreamer and a dozen other products and found them wanting. I've followed YouView, Google TV and Apple TV with interest and mounting disappointment over the lack of progress. My wallet is out for the first product that does a good job at this. I think it's the content producers that are mainly to blame for killing this sector. My Boxee has BBC iPlayer, my Wii has Netflix and I'd need to buy something else if I wanted LoveFilm. Many video sites have stopped working on Boxee as they require a version of Flash that isn't available for the Linux version that Boxee uses and they don't have any alternative delivery mechanism. LoveFilm switched to Silverlight to get the DRM strong enough to win over some of their content suppliers. It's crazy that I can't switch on a device that allows me to pay to stream any film produced in the last 20 years, view the free-to-air programmes that I can already watch on my TV set and play my local media collection with a half-decent 10-foot interface. Last time I looked Roku didn't do local media. Has that changed? Is this some official appstore add-on mechanism or does it require hackery? That's exactly what happens to me in every single 30 day trial. I sign-up, real-life intrudes, later I remember the damn thing and find my trial has expired. Luckily most trials are keyed on email address so it's hardly a difficult thing to get round. (shhhhhhh! don't spoil the party) Maybe I'm missing something but isn't node for chat/messaging, API's and other stuff that you might have used something like Twisted for? Why would you use it over Rails/Django etc. for a content-heavy site (i.e. 95% of websites) Does it provide any of the functionality that you get with a Django/Rails style framework? Or is it at a lower level? I don't have the time to organize my thoughts but I would like to pipe up here and say that the it's not fair to call the Django ORM 'terrible'. It's extremely easy to learn and does a good job for a very large chunk of plausible use-cases. I don't care if the syntax is a bit unsightly. Let's just get this into shipping browsers as soon as possible. It's a major requirement for responsive design and this has good fallback behaviour. We can all just stick to 'mobile first' design and a .js polyfill shouldn't be hard. Could you give a specific example? I'd be curious to see one. I read it a long time ago (late teens/early twenties) but it changed my intellectual world and gave me an insight into things that I might never have been introduced to. Hard to know whether it would have the same impact now or the same impact for others but I rate it very highly for personal reasons. Also - Rudy Rucker's 'Infinity and the Mind'... I get really sick of this attitude. None of us want to understand every single domain of knowledge from set theory or quantum physics up to cosmology or social psychology. I personally have been forced to learn more low-level Unixy things than I ever wanted to. I want to write simple and elegant front and back end code quickly so I can spend my spare time honing UX and other human-facing aspects of my work. I resent being flamed because I don't fully understand the subtleties of zsh or nginx or or whatever other shiny toy someone else happens to find essential knowledge. Your world might not necessarily be mine. Actually. I agree with you (apart from the fact that I haven't had a chance to learn much about social psychology). I was just trying to think of examples of disciplines at opposite ends of an imagined continuum. I apologise. My comment was only modestly related to it's context. I've been suffering from a bit of *nix-fatigue at the moment and I wanted to vent. And this time I'd like the outcome of this thread not to be just "A Google insider wandered past and fixed this guys problem" but "Here's how we're going to make sure it doesn't happen again. Because next time it might be me and by then Hacker News might have grown weary of these kind of posts and I won't be able to get the necessary attention. Nothing. I repeat - nothing - is pushing me to move away from dependence on Google products more than the fear of this happening. So. GMVault looks like the best solution except: 1. It saves one big inscrutable .db file rather than individual messages in some compatible format or other. 2. It doesn't seem to play nice with laptop suspend. If I'm going to run it as a scheduled task then it needs to not get confused if I shut my laptop lid in the middle of a run. 3. It could be clearer about the correct workflow for continual incremental backups. It sounds like you probably want to do one full backup, continual partial backups and then occasionally a full backup in case your labels have changed. I don't like choices. I agree. I still feel bitter about the GPS and I swore to 'punish' Samsung by boycotting them in future. However - when I broke my phone, the Galaxy S II was by far the most suitable phone for me short of switching to iOS which I didn't want to do for a few different reasons. 'Punishing' Samsung was less than rational and so I took a chance on them again. And I've been extremely happy with it. It's way way better than the Galaxy S and I have no real complaints about it. So - Samsung screwed me on the GPS last time. I'll have to let them off - or rather - stop anthropomorphising a large corporation in ways that don't really make much sense... Yeah. I've switching from stock Android to Touchwiz versions and Touchwiz really isn't that bad. Better in some ways. You can always use a ICS-style launcher such as Nova or Apex. I care. I make websites and this article made me think some more about page weight vs other trade-offs. I'm not sure what your comment has added to the debate. Sigh. Of course I think about page weight and a 100 other aspects of my craft. Listening to other people's thoughts is valuable in weighing up all the different priorities that compete for my attention. You obviously haven't had the pleasure of using 3D Secure... I tend to always use Paypal or Google Checkout (sorry... 'Wallet'...) if given the option as I don't have to fish out my card and go through several screens of slow badly implemented web forms. Often I don't even have to enter my address whilst with a credit/debit card option I always do. Thanks for replying. I'm going to check again. I must have been doing something wrong. I'll contact you by a more appropriate means when I've figured out what. > monkey-patching is, for better or worse, an accepted and widely used tactic. I'd dispute this. The post is dated July 10, 2011 people... That's the silliest statement I've read all day. At one point he states: "Google charges Apple for having Maps loaded onto that Apple hardware. And as I’ve noted before, this is a substantial sum: rather more than Google currently makes from Android for example." but the quote he uses (his own) to support this actually combines search and maps with no indication of the proportion of revenue between the two products: "The figures also suggest that Apple devices such as the iPhone, which use products such as its Maps as well as Google Search in its Safari browser, generated more than four times as much revenue for Google as its own handsets in the same period." [ http://www.forbes.com/sites/timworstall/2012/06/09/apple-is-... ] Also - This calculation was debunked shortly after it was published: http://marketingland.com/no-google-doesnt-make-four-times-mo... I hate to be the one to say 'RTFA' but he specifically mentions in this case that the app already stored the messages offline but then prevented you accessing them with a full-screen 'offline' message. His point was that they actually went out of their way to prevent you access to already stored messages. Even a ballpark indication of price would be helpful. I have a bad feeling that it will price itself too high to be useful (especially considering I'm in the UK and tech seems to use bizarro $1=£1 exchange rate). re: package managers. Check our Homebrew: http://mxcl.github.com/homebrew/ and read a few articles about the pros and cons of homebrew vs Macports. It's a sticky topic. How do those nice .exe files work with virtualenvs? You are using virtualenv, aren't you? I was asking about whether the installers respect existing virtualenvs or whether they install globally. I think it's in the grand traditions of the web to fake your user agent if that's what it takes to get round this stupidity. This is why every browser still has the string 'Mozilla' in their user-agent somewhere. Been keeping an eye on AeroFS. I don't see why syncing and storage should be mixed together (Dropbox)... I just want them to support syncing existing folders rather than blessing a particular folder as the syncing one. Then we've got a nice zero-config p2p replacement for rsync. It does have USB (On the Go/Host whatever you want to call it) so someone could produce a slim card reader or USB stick. Me too. Our usage pattern might not be typical though. The event search is not very smart. I created an event in Brighton (UK). Search for: "Events brighton" returns my event plus many other events in other Brightons around the world. Search for: "Events brighton uk" only returns 1 event (not mine) as they explicitly mentioned 'uk' in the location name. So the search doesn't really understand that my event is in the UK, it is just doing a string match - even though Google knows the exact longitude and latitude of the event. In moments of distraction I've had a couple of near-misses where I nearly clicked on malware. But when I'm trying to explain to my dad how to know what to trust and what not to trust I realise it's completely hopeless. You can fake almost everything that a non-techie would know to check. So. We can post any old vacuous filler articles on HN today, can we? Isn't a FRAND agreement legally binding? Surely it's more than just a "gentleman's agreement"? We hope. https://play.google.com/store/search?q=itunes+remote I believe your statement is therefore equivalent to the preceding one. I think the point the previous chap was making was that you've got no way of knowing if you 'usually' spot hybrid apps as you don't know about the ones you don't spot. From a web dev's point of view, what matters is the defaults as that's what most people will be running. It would be great if we could target a large audience using the most capable rendering engine. Also - any numbers on stock vs Chrome on Jelly Bean? A score from here would be cool too: http://html5test.com/ They are behind the other vendors as a result of decisions they made in the past. They make my job more difficult daily and make the web worse for millions of people. The decision not to provide an upgrade path beyond IE8 on XP has been a particular road-block in getting people onto better rendering engines. Of course I'm glad they are improving but ideally I'd rather they got out of the browser game entirely. The Register takes pride in such things. Their headlines style is a pastiche of British tabloid style. Hopefully the rest of the writing doesn't follow this lead. That's just silly. Since the changes wrought by WHATWG to the standardisation process it's become obvious we can start using a lot of this stuff in parallel with the progress to a final published spec. Are you seriously saying that nothing in the specs is meant to be implemented until 2013 or whenever the final date is? Florian Mueller has proved himself an unreliable source too many times. I'd prefer to wait until someone else picks this story up. You assume that the only people who want to use an ORM as those who don't know SQL. Actually - Quicksilver development is alive and well. And I still use it in preference to Alfred et al. Yes but worst case scenario is you are forced to switch to a different client not that you lose any data. So actually not that critical. OK. Here's another approach. You offload the task into a separate queue that doesn't even run the task immediately. There is a flaw with directories and hierarchical storage and it's not their conceptual complexity. Gmail made a move away from folders and it's one that I've embraced. 1. It's easy to spend too long manually organizing things into folders. It's the kind of relaxing, busy-work we can fall into to avoid the hard stuff we're supposed to be doing. 2. There are many arbitrary ways to rearrange hierarchies and no clear limit for how deep they should be. Many of us with slight OCD-ish tendencies can fall down the rabbit-hole here. 3. It's manual work that the computer should partially be doing for us. There are ways to mitigate these problems. Multiple views of the same structure, tags instead of folders and easily accessibly, instantaneous search can teach us to be less dogmatic about our directories. I very rarely need to use tags/folders with my email now. Search works for me 90% of the time. It's only special tasks such as doing my tax returns or tracking a particularly complex bunch of emails where I might use tags. I think my file system is probably an order of magnitude more complicated and there is less automatic metadata with files (my file system doesn't know what project a file is related unless I tell it whereas you can tell a lot about an email just using from/to/cc fields.) At this point I was hoping to end on some kind of conclusion but I can't think of one. There's nothing wrong with tags for music libraries - just that ID3 and the tooling around it sucks - especially genre handling, the artist/performer distinction and the inability to handle my own arbitrary grouping that doesn't correspond to any release information. I love apps that allow me to easily switch between using tags and using my own folders. I was using emails as a parallel. Some conclusions can be drawn from that. Errr. Have you tried it? I've spent several playing first person shooters and it's easy to forget you're not playing locally. Throwing away Progressive Enhancement makes sense for things way at the 'App' end of the spectrum but it's going to spread like a cancer right up to the 'Content' end of things and if we're not careful one day we're going to look back and realise we've broken the web. The post title bears little relation to the linked article's title. The post title bears little relation to the linked article's title. I'm curious about your use of the terms 'modernist' and 'experimental' (plus the site's own strap line 'Avant Cello'). I've listened to a couple of pieces and while, nice, they sound pretty conventional tonally, rhythmically and structurally. I was expecting something a bit more unconventional. Once again there is no way to contact a human being. Once again we hope that getting publicity on blogs will catch the attention of someone at Google who can do something about it. This time, I'd like someone to tell me why it was impossible for the dev to remedy this through the normal channels and tell us what Google are going to do to stop this happening again. Share it when you're not sure you want to leave. The reaction will tell you everything you need to know. I thought that this was covered by the Traffic Waves guy who said his method deals with that problem quite well? Actually, not when you factor in the need to serve unpopular routes and non-Busyntimes. That's a lot of trains and buses running nearly empty. Small, on-demand personalised mass transit has the potential to be the most efficient transport system. It must be noted that many of the recommendations were NOT followed. (I owned an S1 and an S2) Libre Office uses torrents too. "That's really just a negative externality of inefficient suburban development." Shouldn't public transit cover rural areas and small towns also? Or is the only way to get an efficient transport system to have the entire world living in huge urban centres? Personal mass transit could allow a much wider range of city sizes to be served with relative efficiency. Then why did you bother? Sorry I was glib but your previous post was ambiguous and didn't add much to the conversation. From my understanding, Apple is using this document against Samsung rather than Samsung using it as a defence. Is it an oddly academic question? If every search is personalised then what does a personalisation-free search tell you? It's possible that it will no be closer to what most people see as very few people jump through the hoops you're jumping through. It might even be less like the majority of search results. ha! Just realised I did the same thing unconsciously. So you think open-sourcing is a death sentence? Care to share your reasons? (genuine question) The snag is that running searches on other people's profile will alter that profile. The results will be less accurate over time. Not to mention they would get some very strange things popping in Google Now! Oh, it's a tangled web we weave... It wasn't the author's kid. Here's the thing. It initially seemed like a good thing for Android to support Flash but as time as gone on it's become apparent that the end result is a lot of sites produced a premium iOS experience and sub-par Flash based one for Android. Whether this flawed experience was due to limitations in the platform or lack of effort on behalf of the service I wouldn't like to say but it happened either way. Hopefully now with Flash unequivocally end-of-life'd (on mobile at the very least) we might see Android devices being served the same experience as iOS devices. They claim they are currently testing a non-Flash Android player so something has been resolved internally. Two years old: 05/07/2010 In case anyone misses it, the advantage of this over other IMAP solutions is that it preserves information specific to Gmail - most importantly - labels aren't converted into IMAP folders (and therefore emails aren't duplicated needlessly). The most significant loss is the ability to keep your place. Google Reader is a good example. There's no way to bookmark how far back you've read so when I reload or close the tab I usually have give up and abandon unread items. You could mitigate this but it would be useful to see what benefits people think infinite scrolling introduces and (if there are any) see if there is a solution that gives the same benefits with fewer costs. Maybe some hybrid 'paged' infinite scrolling where you can keep going but clear pagebreaks are displayed which are mirrored in the browser history. Essentially, yes. I disagree: If you write your own custom admin for some models or apps then you've either got to write it for all apps or users will have two inconsistant admin interfaces to deal with with a different UI and feature set between them. So you decide write a custom CRUD for all apps including all those pesky 3rd party ones. To avoid all that boilerplate you write a few bits of code to introspect models and declaratively customize the interface. Guess what. You've just reinvented contrib.admin with less features and more bugs. Learning to customize the admin isn't hard and takes surprisingly little code. In return you get a single consistant UI for all your code. Customizations should surely be less of a maintenance burden that writing your own admin? And the audiophile loons start appearing in the comments: "on high end gear you can hear the difference between a factory and a copied CD.". No. You can't, sir. 192kbs VBR with a good encoder. There's been countless tests and this is indistinguishable to the vast majority of listeners (teens might have a slight edge as the ability to hear high frequencies diminishes with age). I don't have time to dig up citations but check out the Hydrogen Audio forums and other sane, non-cranky-audiophile, evidence based sources. Tell me if I'm wrong here but a world where developing a grocery list app is measured in months is a world where there is something seriously wrong with our tools. I'm not denigrating the app. I haven't tried it. But how is this not a 95% solved problem. Shouldn't our client and server frameworks be doing most of the work? And then maybe a few days to improve the UX and the design? I think Tantek Celik might disagree with you about IE 5 on the Mac. I seem to remember it had the most advanced CSS support available at the time. Excluding from skipping and audible glitches that doesn't sound plausible. i.e. copying an audio CD can create gross errors but not a more subtle change in audio quality (loss of dynamics/frequencies etc). If you disagree could you point me towards some evidence? Which aspects did these two infringe? The only thing that even seems plausible is the home screen/icons part of the claim. You're forgetting the point we are debating here. No-one claims the iPod was innovative. It was simply an excellent product with a well-thought out blend of features that was marketed well. So you're having a 'was the iPhone a great product' debate whereas this discussion is 'was the iPhone a radical innovation in design'. Credit - yes. A pat on the back and maybe a nice statue somewhere. A 25 year monopoly with legally-enforceable rent? No. Compare this with the culture prevalent in web development. People sharing every improvement or advance by blogging about it, open-sourcing code, writing tutorials etc. I'm not clear on this and haven't got around to reading the patent to try and figure it out. This is the patent in question: http://www.google.com/patents/US7469381 This patent is more limited: http://www.google.com/patents/US7812826 as discussed here: http://www.engadget.com/2010/10/13/apple-awarded-limited-pat... However - it was granted after the first patent (2010 vs 2008) Which works nicely alongside Boilerplate: initializr.com Actually it's lack of MTP support in OS X. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Media_Transfer_Protocol It's content on the web. It gets shared and linked to like everything else. I'd say at least 25% of the OS X apps I try have an installer and therefore require an uninstaller that often doesn't exist. Usually someone on a forum somewhere lists a sequence of terminal commands required to remove an app and it's background services. If I'm lucky. Happened to me several times in the last two weeks alone. I vaguely remember it took me ages to get VMWare or similar off my machine. I'm curious as to US attitudes to unions. I get the feeling they are viewing more positively (although ambivalently in Europe/UK) whilst anti-union sentiment is more deeply ingrained in the US. (The UK is probably an interesting middle-ground as it is in some other areas) It's frankly embarrassing to have to ask this in public but if anyone would care to invite me, it looks like my kind of place. DHTML was just a way to sell books with 'DHTML' in the title. It's slightly more complex than that. Google has made an effort to make Chrome the default browser going forward. However this will only affect Jelly Bean (and to a lesser extent ICS as it is an optional install there). However I believe that apps still have to use the built in rendering engine when using the WebView control. I'm not sure whether this is a strategic or technical decision from Google but I suspect the latter. Changing the WebView engine would have a major effect on compatibility for existing apps. I've got it on a SGS II and never use it. The reception is pretty variable. I'd rather suffer buffering than hiss and crackle. Isn't that pretty much what other layout engines do? i.e. QT etc. What was the situation before? Absolute positioning via x/y? Really? Definitely equivalent but not always satisfactory equivalents. I don't see that matter. To the extent that I am invested in a mobile platform, it's Android I'm invested in. My next phone will probably run Android so I can carry along my familiarity and my app purchases. It's only likely to be a Samsung specifically if they have the right combination of hardware features and price at that time. So. Write your templates in your server-side templating language. That way you can serve full html for initial page loads and compiled-to-javascript versions to allow Ajax updates. Something like this: https://github.com/comolongo/Yz-Javascript-Django-Template-C... It would be nice to add a layer on top of this that did partial page updates, managed the json views and the history push-state too. It might be possible to have code where you just transparently wrote normal server-side views and the framework intelligently decided whether to render on the server or client and handled all the plumbing for you. We are both responding to: "I love my iPhone but I really don't get this. Apple only has 31% of the smartphone market and Android has 59%, for example." and in turn the original article In this context the interesting definition of 'market share' is the one that focuses on platforms. There isn't very much interesting to be gleaned by making the distinction that Apple has a bigger market share than Samsung as Samsung and other Android OEMs collectively benefit from Android's market share. Thinking about this some more and here's me clarifying things for myself... There's basically 4 strategies: 1. Give the client a full html page 2. Give the client pre-rendered html snippets 3. Give the client javascript that can render html and replace values without having to do much computation 4. Make the client do the template rendering probably using a library such as mustache. So... 1. Should be the default and the fallback for dumb devices such as spiders and old browsers 2. Is ideal if the page doesn't change much - typical content heavy sites. You have to have proper urls and history management though. 3. is optimal for "it's an app not a website" 4. is only OK if you know your clients have plenty of CPU to spare. So not mobile basically... "the gcc they include in the NDK has Objective C disabled for seemingly no reason" - I wonder how heavily they modified gcc to cope with security models etc. Quite possibly there's a very good reason. It might have been a ton of work to get it working properly. from sh import anythingyoudamnwellplease In that case you'll have to hurry. "If I can't introduce myself to the guy, how am I ever meant to prove I'm not one of the many useless bottom-feeders he deals with on a daily basis?" Networking, word-of-mouth, recommendations and referrals, social media, via your website, advertising... The same way everyone grows their business without spamming and cold-calling. Old Slashdot joke. Sorry. "One needs this sort of app when traveling in another country, so the chances of having WiFi/3G connection are pretty slim" THIS is what needs fixing. In Asia, it's often cost-effective to get a Sim on the spot (I got one in Kuala Lumpur just for a two-day stay). Usually though it's not worth getting a local Sim unless you're there for at least 4 or 5 days and that's assuming they don't insist on residency like they sometimes do. I'm from the UK and in many European countries I can just use my own Sim without it being completely prohibitively expensive (although it's still a complete rip-off). But we need decently, priced roaming data or quick-to-buy local SIM cards in every country so that all those maps, translators, local guides and other marvellous aids to travelling can actually get used. From what I understand stock Android doesn't have the problem. Multiple manufacturers seem to have introduced the flaw in the same way with their customizations. If you really want to label: ellipse(65,50,60,60) Wouldn't using something like Python's keyword arguments better than some external labelling? ellipse(radius_x=65, radius_y=50, center_x=60, center_y=60) More characters but these are just training wheels. Once the learner understands the basics you can do away with them. API's and libraries should be designed to allow both forms. Everyone is a beginner with some aspects of their craft. I'm a beginner when I use a library I'm not familiar with... Ha. I didn't spot that bit... My point was though that allowing keyword and non-keyword forms is good for everyone. If you can't remember the parameter order you can just use the keywords (assuming the naming is memorable enough - which might actually be a can of worms in itself) Looks like you're a victim of the same bug as me: http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/mobile/loqbCbK... I'm sending it back for a replacement but in the short-term a factory reset fixes it. You rather lack imagination if you can't think of an appropriate domain for using Python other than "readable shell scripting". First class functions != Functional programming language Early days but http://kivy.org/ "The ideal news reading app would collate content from multiple frequently read sites." By Jove! I think he's on to something. Someone call Dave Winer... I was interested in the piece until he used the unnecessarily value-laden term "afraid of change". He could have said "wary of change" or something even less judgemental. He also exaggerates the differences to make a point and comes over as a little too fan-boyish on the whole matter. I do think there's a core of truth in the observation but he glosses over times where the Rails Team's attitude to change has caused genuine pain to the community as well as times where innovation has come from the Python web-framework community. I've found contractors through oDesk and been satisfied. And I presume most of them felt the same way. It's got a slightly longer history than just being a Joel Spolsky meme: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Second-system_effect Meaning? I look forward to seeing C as the go-to web-development language. Really? C for a problem that is largely string manipulation and database access? I've always been vaguely aware that JPEG gives better results at a constant quality setting as increase the size of the image. Firstly - the 8x8 blocks become smaller relative to the image but in addition to this I think that the it's just in the nature of compression algorithms in general and lossy compression in particular to produce better results when there's more source material to work with. However I didn't expect it to improve enough to enable one to but the Gordian knot that Retina displays have forced upon us by using 2x resolution images across the board. I would imagine that not all source images respond quite as well as others. Also - using 2x images for all devices will surely create a quadrupling of RAM requirements which might cause performance issues. As someone else pointed out from looking at your screenshot - you're not using 'Save for Web'. How much of your critique still applies to 'Save for web'? Nobody (should) be using the normal save dialog for web images so I'm not sure how much of what you say remains valid. Or you use an interpolation algorithm optimized for down-sizing. Maybe he thought "HTTPS Everywhere Except In Places That Obviously Don't Need It" didn't really roll of the tongue as well It's more than just your data. The other service similar to tidy.io that recently launched managed to leak people's private AWS keys. 1. I can run PC games on my Mac 2. I can run games that would barely work at a stutter on my integrated graphics. 3. I can try games out in seconds without installing 7gigs 4. I can rent games for a day or so without installing 7gigs 5. I can subscribe to hundreds of games and play them without installation. 6. I can play (some) PC games on my phone or tablet 7. I bought a £40 online mini-console as small as cigarette packet that came with a great quality gamepad and lets me play my games on the TV without needing to wire up a PC. 8. My entire game library is instantly available anywhere without installing anything other than the OnLive app. Did you actually play OnLive? I've played FPS shooters on it for hours quite happily. Unfortunately US only at the moment. Not sure what I find more irritating. US only or iOS only. Both really. It's all one big step backwards. Can you think of a way of structuring the system to differentiate the good guys from the bad guys? Looks very nice. A few things I can't seem to see how to do (that I can do with TinyMCE): 1. Define some CSS classes that I want to be available to the user (I'd never give colour and font controls to my users unless I wanted my lovely site design to end up full of bright-pink 42pt comic-sans) 2. Supply a list of already-uploaded images 3. Supply a list of internal links to the 'add link' dialog 4. Resize handles for images (or even better - some preset sizes) - I process WIDTH and HEIGHT server side and replace the image with one resized on the server. 5. Allow a couple of CSS classes for images (although I had to hack MCE to allow this) A few clarifications OnLive is free to join. There are 3 purchasing models: 1. Buy the game outright (or until OnLive folds ;-) 2. Rent the game for a short period 3. Buy a bundle (the 'Play Pack') which gives you access to a huge list of indie or older games for a pretty low monthly cost). They are a mixed bag. Some old A-list games, some really interesting indie games and some junk. I don't mind giving them $99 but I'd like the latest source on Github so I can fork and send pull requests easily. [edit - ok. Not necessarily in Github but at least in a publicly accessible DVCS repo] Would you care to elaborate on your objections? I'm guessing it might be along these lines: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1732348/regex-match-open-... Is so - remember we aren't necessarily trying to parse HTML. You could probably fix most of the things that are likely to get screwed up by various browser quirks in ContentEditable. What are the differences between designMode and contenteditable? I always assumed they were different names for essentially the same thing. Being not from the West Coast of the USA or not in my early 20s or for some other reason I really had no idea whether it was a good thing or a bad thing to be 'crushing it'. In which social group is this a commonly understood phrase and could you advise me on whether I should start dropping it into conversation to impress my peers. Can you be specific about which apps and which html5 features you are referring to? There seems to have been a rise in over-zealous post title modifications recently. New employee at YC Towers? How so? (genuine question - you don't make it clear what you're referring to) I don't think that's a problem to be solved by the core documentation - rather it's the role that tutorials, howto's etc solve - taking you from 'what' to 'how'. Maybe the Django docs should guide people to a few more of these before hitting them with the authoritative docs. I hazard a guess you aren't a web-developer. Imagine that for every fix, new features and improvement to your platform of choice you can't use it until 95% of your audience has the ability and incentive to upgrade. Some interesting ideas in there but, dear god, have they picked some awful synth patches. And too many of them... I'd like to hear this played with just a single high-quality piano sound for all the instruments. I could never work out why people in the US were so resistant to buying their phones from a 3rd party. Are you saying that carriers don't offer any 'SIM-only' packages? i.e. You can't ask for a contract without a free phone? If so - is there a workaround? If I went for a package with the cheapest possible dumb-phone, how much would I save? For comparison I'm on a $28/month package with Virgin that I can cancel at any time (1 months notice) and has unlimited data and SMS. No phone included. This is a particularly good deal but even before this there were similar deals but with a data cap. Hear, hear. I've been watching for hell-banned users for a few weeks now and from a random sample, some of the bannings are a little harsh. Maybe there should be a stage before hell-banning? Does anyone have an opinion on whether Google's purchase of On2 makes any sense now with hindsight? Did it affect the behaviour of the MPEGLA in any way? I know some of the tech has fed into WebRTC but that battle is far from over. Was On2 worth the cash? Unless carriers start offering me several SIMs on one account then I'm not going to pay twice for mobile data. It's a couple of taps to tether to my phone. I'm already paying for a mobile connection and I can't use two accounts at once. The price. It's a fun hack done for no money. With that in mind, do you really expect the author(s) to tackle the vagaries of cross-browser bugs in bleeding edge web-audio API's? I'd like to know more but I'm in an environment where I can't watch a video. (plus I hate video...) Is it that hard to also write some old-fasioned text as well? Not all pentiles are equal. I have no real complaints about the Galaxy S II screen. (OK - a bit more maximum brightness and a slightly more natural default colour calibration...) I found it pretty strange that there was no mention at all of the OS this targeted. Yep. Nuances of etiquette are one thing but I'll always side with the person that is trying to move things forward over the person that is throwing up hurdles. To my way of thinking, Gruber comes out of this looking churlish and unhelpful at best. The more pertinent question is why Jeff didn't make more effort to base this off one of the existing standardisation efforts. Weird. I didn't see that the first time I looked. Mumble. Going mad... Mumble... This seems like an especially egregious case. Where does one complain/appeal round here? This is massively mixing presentation with content. I know that doesn't matter to some (many?) people but I wonder if a compromise could be found with building up classes with SASS mixins that keeps your markup clean but gets some of the maintainability benefits of this approach? Also - let's have the debate about the practical drawbacks people are likely to discover when they use lots of presentational classes in their markup. Anyone else getting nothing but a 404 from Kickstarter today? If most of you are OK then I wonder if it's linked to the UK launch of Kickstarter. Any Brits successfully connecting to their site at the moment? Except the point of hellbanning is that the accused never knows they've been banned. Which is why it seems particular unjust in borderline cases. It should be reserved for intentional trolls and spammer only. "Xerox was allowed to invest in Apple in exchange for access to PARC.": http://www.quora.com/Retrocomputing/Did-Apple-need-to-licens... I can't find a source but I think gradient meshes are only flattened to images to handle old or buggy postscript implementations. Postscript 3 can handle them natively. So the question is - was the supervisor at fault or was the system set up in such as way as to tie the hands of the supervisor so he was unable to make any other decision? Of course there are shades of grey inbetween but I'd be fascinated to know exactly where the blame lies inside Comcast. Maybe the comments have changed since you wrote this but I see very little hate amongst the comments - only 1 could be deemed uncivil to my eyes. [and I know I'm guilty of this at this precise moment but not sure if leading with a meta-comment is especially constructive in itself. If you don't like the tone, then lead by example] A couple of philosophical objections: 1. There is a real benefit to building an API into the core of your app - it forces the kind of loose coupling that will improve your entire architecture. 2. Your db schema != your business logic. The API should mirror the latter and not the former. Having said that... Automatic language bindings? I want some of that... It's obvious from day one that Android was at least partially a "commoditize your complement" play. But I would argue that the emergence of a commodity alternative to Apple was inevitable and every OEM would need to choose at some point whether to play against Apple or to try and become the new Dell. It's possible that you'd miss a theoretically possible "good company with a bad HR department" although one can argue that they wouldn't remain a good company for very long... At the moment we are far from swamped with Bootstrap themes. They are fairly relevant to my interests at the moment and I'm happy to see at least a few more before I start complaining. I'd be happy to see a few less U.S. startup culture-related posts but I never vote them up so I suggest you do the same in cases like this. 'it' being the embedded component or the whole page? My guess is that it would depend on whether the old sychronous code or the newer async GA code was used. Not sure if the former is even still supported. Yep. I was looking for exactly this list. Incidentally Python could use an more equivalent to djangopackages.com to help in identifying popular alternatives to standard lib packages. I was googling to see the status of the 'requests should be in stdlib' debate and discovered PEP411: http://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0411/ Basically this helps mitigate the downside of a module getting included in stdlib. Or just design your touch targets to be acceptable on both. Visual size is much less of a concern as people will simple tend to hold a 7" tablet closer than a 10" tablet. Didn't work for me on the Mac version of the Skype client. Will retry on Win7. No double-think at all. The people you hear 'whinging' are people trying to build websites without having to add 50-100% to their dev time fixing IE-specific problems. Or unable to use features that other browsers have supported for years because half their target market is on a browser without any form of auto-update and a glacial release cycle. I personally don't give a monkey's spleen what OS people run because the platform I am developing for is the web browser. Why on earth is Google TV separate from Android? Why is the only Google TV device available in the UK a £200 Sony box when you can get pretty capable Android Media Center Boxes for a third or even a quarter of that price? (MK802 etc.) Why is nobody attacking this space with any gusto? Boxee, Roku, Apple TV, Google TV, YouView, Windows MCE and various no-hope proprietary platforms (Samsung - you'll never build a platform anyone wants to build on. Please give up). Will someone sort this out? We need a decent open Smart TV ecosystem. > Why on earth is Google TV separate from Android? > I'm not sure I understand the question, GoogleTV is an application layer on top of Android that addresses the TV. Its still Android underneath and you can still build Android apps for it. Then why can't I run it on any Android device with a HDMI socket? I'd have several Google TVs already if that was possible. There's seems to be a more restricted culture around Google TV. The source code isn't available so there's no no-name boxes from small OEMs to stir up the low-end of the market. (Although you could argue that they can stick to vanilla Android but that won't help the platform reach or brand-recognition of Google TV) I agree about the price-point but who apart from Vizio is producing a $99 box? And as I said - the only device available in the UK is the £200 ($320) Sony box. Didn't know about the Smart TV Alliance. The only smart TV I played with was a Samsung TV about a year ago and that was sluggish and underpowered. However: "Smart TV Alliance supported products are: Philips Smart TVs LG Smart TVs " That's not looking like an ecosystem. Is it likely to grow beyond those two? How about the small companies? Where are the cheap compatible set-top boxes? If you can make a half-decent Android tablet for $70 then we should be seeing one of these platforms taking off. [Also - What does 'CE' stand for?]