I have a very simple question: What would happen if they tried to sue a developer in a country that doesn't consider software patents valid, and in which their patent has the worth of decorative piece at most? Said developers aren't interested in coming to USA, either. I wonder how the hell did they focus on Misaka and upskirts... cause anyone who read/watched the material would know, that the running gag is that her clothing makes any try at pantyshot futile... and thus doesn't really care about moving in a way that would normally expose her. I guess my astonishment comes from the fact that to me, the name reminds me not of a minor gag, but rather of the mentally-broken, war-torn 13~14yo who could take over any computer system, and use coins (and other conducting materials) as hypervelocity projectiles (thus her nickname, "Railgun"). So... once again, media jumping to worst possible interpretation? ... I am sorry, but that's very untrue. As it happens, not every language is implemented using runtime written in C/C++, nor does every language modules written in C/C++ to extend it instead of FFI. Dealing with libraries written in C++ without C API is one of the worst PITAs in my experience, leading to crazy things like KDE's SMOKE (which, to make it funnier, has bad documentation, so I'm still unsure if I can make it work outside Qt's object model) At that speed, it could easily cut through the rather delicate construct that is an airliner's wing, especially close to tip as it did. The simulation also didn't agree with facts, without proposing anything regarding why it the plane might end up where it was found. Pity the facts, right? Because "accident" is how you call such disasters? Also, people in the industry knew the less-than-sterling reputation of governmental transport service. EDIT: I should clarify that "accident" is a specific class of event in aircraft accident investigation, together with "incident". It's literally "aviation terminology" stuff. Except it's not 100 tons of steel. It's a very delicate structure of tons of parts, and the part that got damaged wasn't the most resilient (nor did it account for 100 tons of steel). Breaking into pieces happened when the whole plane hit the ground in the worst possible (for airliner) way - upside down. At over 180 km/h. A big problem is that the newer stack is not homogenous - the applications deployed on Dyno have much, much bigger variability than the old "Rails/Rack only" stack of Heroku. Meanwhile GAE stack is fully controlled by Google and reuses, afaik, their impressive "google scale" toolchest that goes from replacement naming systems, through monitoring, IPC, custom load balancing etc. While F5 and similar offer nice hw for that, I'm not sure if their hw (or HAProxy's software) supports the architecture type used by Heroku (many heterogenous workers running wildly different applications with dynamic association of worker to machine etc.) FB is a ghost town for me, despite having bigger amount of "friends" there than on G+... The difference is that the occasional content on FB is utterly lost between tons of "apps" and ads, to the point that I can count the amount of times I visited FB in 2012 on fingers. FB's last "pro" is Messenger... which I use actually to talk to only one person. Quebec's case is rather their laws regarding contests, lotteries etc. Basically any contest from outside Canada won't give a damn about working all of those rules in (if it's even possible at all), so they are simply banned from essentially all international competitions of this kind :) In their interactions with Quebec residents, apparently yes. The actual decoding passes don't translate well to shader architectures, so GPUs include custom circuitry to handle various transformations involved in decoding. I am sorry to say, but in this case, at least some people I know would refuse not because it's "old", but because it's PHP. They would joke about rather using COBOL than PHP, indeed. (I count among them, and yes, I do remember enough to somehow get by in ISPF on IBM mainframe ;)) The long loading time might be unoptimized-yet parsing of various XML files of ones app. In general, it's mostly an evolutionary work on existing IntelliJ Android plugin. The View editor afaik has some support for custom views, but only some - it's rather iffy (IntelliJ Android view renderer simply used Android libs to render them, but of course that doesn't work for everything, and anything fully programmatic is dead anyway). Fwiw, IntelliJ's XML editor was always much better at not freaking out at the fact that you haven't finished writing that new tag so of course your view doesn't validate (something that was a constant for me back when I used Eclipse). The editors in general are standard for IntelliJ, with some nifty transformations added - the XML string example reminds me of how IntelliJ dynamically renders certain idioms into Java 8 forms while still keeping the code in 1.6 (well, that's how I have it configured, that is). In general, it's nice, I hope it will be available as plugin into plain old IntelliJ as well. Hmm... other than some issues with disappearing completion windows (probably related to me running XMonad), I haven't really found it to be that ugly on linux... Maybe not very slick, but frankly speaking, for the benefits it's small price :D Could you describe your workflow/emacs.d ? I've been thinking of going with Emacs for Java coding for some time, but JDEE always seemed to be missing something (and some of the newer options tended to eat hilarious amounts of resources or required maven) I think that there's a significant number of people who didn't do the learning you apparently did, and instead tried a let's call it "vocational" approach. Funnily enough, such approach is at the core of the jokes about a so-called "humanist" studies leading to a job at McDonald's - the difference being that you can usually get by enough to start in STEM fields. The other group of people complaining about university, to whom I sometimes belong, is grumpy due to how easy it is to be self taught, even if you might miss some of the more theoretical stuff that you won't use unless you work on a harder problem than most software in the world. Sometimes it's not even about education as much as it is about finances - I quite often found myself looking at job ads and thinking "I could do the job right now if I dropped uni, and I would have no more problems with money". I have seen bias based on operating hours which can benefit USA based freelancers, but rarely I had seen someone explicitly wanting someone from USA when the job didn't involve on-site work. OTOH, I have actually seen jobs restricted to countries marked as "developing economies" in order to take only the cheaper bids. I think the real issue is that nobody[1] really cares about ad-hoc networking, especially in anything linux related. I recall times when NetworkManager team, back then the only "nice" tool for wifi, outright claimed they don't ever care about ad-hoc (or even static IP). Similarly, barely anything appears to support ad-hoc, and I am not sure if many current users recall that it exists at all… [1] an obvious hyperbole, but that's the feeling I get In Ruby World, Sequel ( http://sequel.jeremyevans.net/ ) probably gives a bit of best of both ORM and direct SQL use, because what it really does is an object-oriented ("native" to language) interface to SQL database. And yes, it can build models like ActiveRecord, too! In Common Lisp, postmodern ( http://marijnhaverbeke.nl/postmodern/ ) serves a similar role, with both DAO and lower-level access methods that compose pretty well. The 'perec' ORM from DWIM project was based on Postmodern, and among some weirder things I did quite easily was embedding custom SQL into query builder, so that the object-based accesses would use the advanced SQL. Really nifty feature :) Pretty much the only license that CDDL conflicts with is GPL, and that's because of differing approaches of both licenses rather than one being non-free (IMO). However, that doesn't really prevent it from being used with linux in any practical use… Yes, it does happen on some text inputs, it tends to depend on relative size (for example, I recall zoom in landscape but not necessarily in portrait, etc.). Generally I welcome it, because I can click on the teeeny input field and have it come "closer" to me for editing then get out of the way. IIRC, Sun sued Microsoft for creating & pushing proprietary extension that, when used, limited the created application to Windows platform and MS' JVM. Not for improving Java itself, afaik. Aren't both of those only on non-thinkpad branded machines? I think most Mac hardware doesn't have the ability to drive them at 60hz. Except people have bad tendency to not throw out prototypes and are unwilling to do the work to deal with bad decisions from the prototype time... Not that much manual setup - just check it out into quicklisp local-projects directory, and run (ql:quickload "sketch") Seriously, what kind of pre-done setup one needs these days? Even PDE-style package can be prepared for this with CL-launch and some editor support, and the editor is probably going to be biggest issue (if not using SLIME and Emacs). It's doable to make a single monolithic application out of Sketch as well, but I guess it hasn't been done yet (especially since most lispers use SLIME) ... Except that BeOS didn't really put anything that isn't also present in Windows or (much later) in OSX, as well as at least some implementations in Linux. And I might be a bit pedantic, but filesystems are databases. Indexing and navigation methods sometimes differ, but a lot of people use advanced indexing in windows that not only checks extended attributes but also contents. etc. Papert's approach was, AFAIK, wildly different compared to recent spread of "just teach people to code". Papert was going more about actual thinking and exploration using new tools, rather than "teaching everyone to code". Except that "Setup Mode" exists and every serious computing device that uses Secure Boot provides it, because big business customers wants it. What is "Setup Mode"? It's "load your own root of trust and wipe any preinstalled keys". Nothing, nothing says that the root of trust has to be from Microsoft or Intel (and Secure Boot specification that is tested for Windows Logo certification would reject such system unless manufactured by Microsoft or Intel). The difference with jumper is that you have standardized APIs etc. for the signing process, including a standardized "jumper". And they seem to continue to false axiom of assuming "static" == "strong" and "dynamic" == "weak". FFS, some people should finally learn. The real big power of Access was that it could use other database engines through ODBC. Quick RAD tool for databases! It already was such a system - configure the database to use a named ODBC data source that points to shared server instead of JET file, distribute, run. That's more a disaster of our tooling - that we have menial work still, even though it was regarded bad and avoidable in 1970s with C! (not to mention smalltalk, lisp, etc.). GCE provides significantly more reliability promises to us, from the PoV of user - As far as I know, DigitalOcean and RamNode don't provide things like no-downtime host maintenance (hell, AWS doesn't provide that) Interestingly, the "3 cores for 1 user acing one" would explain the pricing of "preemptible" instances - which can cost as little as 1/3rd of full instance. And the main difference is that they are fully rescheduled every 24h or more often, and there's no live-migration for maintenance... … I am now wondering if GCE runs fault-tolerant VMs. Because if it does, holy moly As someone who has run Hdfs in production on bare metal, I wonder how much you dislik gitlab... TL;DR - HDFS is rarely the answer, mainly due to pains usually involving crashed nameservers. Naughty Dog still does so, just usually for game logic, tooling etc. with core engine in C++ (reasons are afaik language-unrelated). Some presentations about uncharted and other games they did recently describe how they use it Dial up lines are still available in some datacenters, had some both for services and for OOB access as recent as 2015 (San Jose) As someone who learnt to glide on modern (30:1 glide ratio) glider, those numbers make me think of truly ancient hardware... A core issue is the use of Record/Playback approach... something that Selenium itself has dropped long ago (Selenium IDE is dead, people, DEAD). In my experience, once you stop trying to record clicks, often on elements that will dynamically change outside of your control, and instead use proper coded tests for locating UI elements like Selenium 2+ gives you, it's much easier to have both tests that don't break and tests that are easy to maintain. There's even a specific concept in UX research related to that whose name escapes me at the moment, but generally boils to "discoverable interface" that is also open and encouraging the user to explore. This way you aren't "blocked" when you first open the application - but you're encouraged to learn and become expert. The signals are skewed in predictable way, which allows recovering the ordering of transmission. IIRC, there's no common clock at all, each lane is "independent" and the ordering is applied on top. Workers aren't well empowered in many of those situations, at least in my experience. Those productive engineers? They figured enough of office politics skills to do the equivalent of taking a manager to a dark alley, then leaving the mutilated remains hanging from the "gate" to their time. Unfortunately, those skills are not skills we teach anyone, at least not in computing. Meanwhile, project management seems to be a common subject in engineering classes in other areas... I find it rather rare for GNU to actually use (any) lisp or support it. Sometimes I have a feeling that only a few hard working people somehow carry the torch of Guile as standard extension language of GNU project. :( Well, I recognize my own lack of skills there. What's worse is that I also have a generally uphill battle with interpersonal skills, so I'm really not the person to teach them to anyone. However, so long as we don't have professional courses taking this into account I don't think we can talk about teaching "software engineers". It's also horribly written and essentially a bad joke. I don't have anything against Apocrypha in an otherwise serious document, but this is so badly written that I know people who only understood what it was talking about on the third read of it, specifically looking for the meaning. It's so low quality that I suspect many people simply don't care about keeping it in, especially as it comes out of left field and not, let's say, general snarky tone (which can be great as anyone in the trenches can recall from time to time). Considering the stories of the breakdown of MIT AI Lab, you might be... surprised. (No, Levy's book was not honest to the facts) Unfortunately, at times I look at GNU and see that it's a project whose success is in spite of RMS. He gave a good basis in the original manifest, gave generally good inspiration, but that's what it is - inspiration. Said inspiration made people work on the projects that over time somehow managed to end up under GNU umbrella. But a lot of RMS-managed, top-down GNU projects? Never got anywhere. See also the discussion mentioned by Ulrich Drepper back in 2001, regarding RMS' behaviour back when Ulrich started to port glibc to linux. "Hackers: Heroes of the Computing Revolution" is probably the most common source for those who "weren't there" about AI Lab, and it paints a story of the lab being destroyed by Symbolics, proprietary software etc. - I have personally seen the meme of "AI Lab hackers got bought out" with referrals to the book itself. What a lot of people don't know is that one of the descriptions used by RMS to talk about how "AI Lab lost people", the story of how he couldn't meet people at lunch, isn't because they left AI Lab for "evil corporations". It was because a lot of people avoided RMS, especially after lawsuit often considered more crucial for the creation of GNU than the Xerox printer story (Stallman violated Symbolics-MIT source licensing deal). From better sources, I have met two AI Lab members from 1970s - one even claimed to have been RMS' supervisor back when RMS was Harvard Undergrad working part-time (and if certain war story is to be believed, is indirectly responsible for Emacs happening) - the impression left was that a lot of RMS' AI Lab contemporaries wouldn't shake hands with him since 1980s. Heard also interesting stories on RMS' mismanagement of early Hurd initiative and how it resulted in close to 0 work being done. The fun thing is that Go on unix is not the native Go environment, and it shows in several places, including treatment of import paths of all things (the whole GOPATH thing). It shows even more in the fact that it originated, and afaik is still partially compatible, with a C compiler that is completely alien to both GCC and MSVC worlds. In essence, Cgo is a hack even on GCC. Windows treatment of C and C++ as "just yet another language" is very alien, however, to the devs who come from unix world, and many basic things are not handled corrently by them or even planned for :( The compiler backend, till the Go rewrite, had been in production use for ~15 years or so from the top of my head, it's just neither GCC, nor the new hotness LLVM. Calling convention TBQH is something that often has to be custom in a language outside of interop bits, otherwise you are forced to deal with various C-style brammage. Unfortunately most OSes don't have language-independent interop calling conventions (Windows has COM, VMS has, iirc, SDL, the rest pretty much has nothing), so even if technically there's some official document practically you get stuck with peculiarities of a specific compiler and its relationship with C standard library. Syscalls are about the only safe interface on most unices and the reason why you can make self-standing Go programs that don't bring glibc garbage and random and unexpected shared library dependencies, something that is quite a reason for the following Go gets on container based platforms. A significant part of it is that there's a disconnect between a bunch of the core team, and the rest of the world, because even said fossilized group of the community often has no idea about certain Go fundamentals (like that significant portion of the runtime is copy-paste rewrite of certain C libraries, libs that even were part of the runtime before the rewrite, and that Go is verily not unix/posix native language). Yet Excel is probably one of the best "UIs" you could support for data entry in the workplace. Damn easy to create new forms, actually not that bad to implement import if the forms aren't brain damaged, it probably beats whatever you make in terms of UX for data entry not to mention ability to massage data locally. The problem is, IMO, the lack of middle ground. A lot of those solutions are old, and integration of more modern functionality is lagging - it's there, but it's not well integrated because the concept of multi-user system with access controls wasn't a concern when the system was originally made! The problem isn't that Access locked in data, it was that people stuck with MS JET engine instead of hooking ODBC server properly - then Access became a funky, useful UI tool for databases. I recently started working with DCOS, and so far it seems that while it might have been more mature and ready platform 2-3 years ago, today I have to deal with issues I don't have to care about on K8s Modding tools (supposedly based on real SDK) for Homeworld (don't recall if 1 or 2, I think 2 since I recall switching some crucial values to make game easier for last mission) used Excel with extensions. GWT is still alive though I think mostly forked by now, and used mostly in Enterprise systems, not fancy-shmancy world of startups and SFBA. It was a flood prevention system which was triggered by IRCcloud network going broken for a long period of time. It's also used by several other open source channels. Oracle is not capable of relicensing OpenZFS, as they do not hold the copyright for it past code that is common between ZFS v28/ZPOOL v5 and OpenZFS. From my understanding both Linus and ZoL team prefer to be separate. It's the opposite way - GPL automatically covers the final product, and does not allow for licenses that have stronger terms than itself. CDDL is per-file license, does not automatically extend itself to the whole product. But it also has wording about patents et al, which puts it beyond direct inclusion in kernel just like MPL. Out of tree with one degree of separation (Solaris Porting Layer) is based on the precedent of AFS implementation for linux, where the argument was that the code is not derivative of Linux kernel code, as in no way was VFS unique to linux or any other crucial part involved. Apple AFAIK started work with Sun in charge - it was Oracle getting its hands on Solaris tech that had Apple pull out. I believe SNI had been considered a privacy leak and thus there are calls to replace it? classic Unix memory management is based about "break pointers" which describe highest address of data segment, and a top of stack pointer, which limits the stack segment. Those areas are linear and you can't free a part in the middle. This is a historical curiosity from PDP-11 before the advent of paging, but apparently still used by some malloc() implementations. Modern memory management doesn't use linear mapping but instead uses paging to create chunks of accessible memory. Some applications still use a big linear address space by appropriately asking the OS then interoperating with memory management to only request the memory that is needed I can only base this on discussions with ZoL maintainers. From my personal look, there could be significant mess due to attempts to "remove duplication" or similar moves to make the code more linux-like. While ZFS is not the rampant layering violation some people accused it of, there's significant amount of code there (and funnily enough, there's actually overlap with some less-known linux features) Why not both? I also recall that a lot of local clinics one would normally go to end up closing thanks to lower funding... so, let's fund more walk-in clinics around? Sats have wild accuracy shifts and depend heavily on the plane being fully operational. Ultimately what you end up with sats anyway is list of waypoints, not anything dynamic, and it can be done with radar as well. No, they do realize exactly that, which is why quite often the paths didn't change as much as they could and why aviation community tends to rebuke ideas like "remove SSR and PSR because GPS and Mode S + ADS-B is enough". Sats provide good "happy path" when everything is ok and allow greater density. But approach and departure routes are going to be designed for safety as well, including when those features fail. In-flight accidents are a thing. GPS and the like provide an efficient "happy path" and a horrible failure mode, which is why there's strong opposition to the removal of radars "because ADS-B/Mode S is good enough" Have you looked at how Smalltalk and late Xerox Interlisp/Xerox Common Lisp machines managed that? I haven't worked with specifics of storage in Smalltalk environments, but Xerox Interlisp didn't use text at all, nor files IIRC Making working per-project definitions in NixOS is what ultimately got me to drop NixOS :( The specific reason is Ruby + RoR leading to nokogiri... which is something people have been dealing with for several years and there's no solution, and I lost the one file where I managed to get it working good enough to launch rubymine in a way that sees everything necessary. Similar issues crop in other places, due to how Nix dependencies are handled like unflattened node_modules at times :/ "clusterfuck" and "ansible scripts" tend to go hand-in-hand no matter what you're deploying, though - at least in my experience. That said, Ansible scripts used by OpenShift take the cake so far for me, some of the worst I ever encountered. But guess what? You don't need all that, which is exactly what things like k3s are exploiting. The common joke became that devstack was the only thing actually tested and if something ran there it was considered done... The practical end result was that you didn't buy "OpenStack", you bought "Mirantis OpenStack" or "Juniper Openstack" (... that one was so broken...) and so on, and there wasn't much portability between them. It has a very clear API stability process, preventing the typical arguments about google dropping things willy-nilly. I rarely have to change anything in my manifests to get them to run after upgrading k8s Running openstack inside docker using k8s is how SAP managed to waive many pains of openstack installation/maintenance If the compile tasks depends on OSX, things get crazy. Even if you can avoid OSX for iOS (here be dragons, but it's possible) Lisp, Smalltalk, Self, and more. Huge body of research that appears nobody pointed out to authors back when this was written (it's a BSc work if I understand correctly, and supervisor should have pointed literature out...) Good work otherwise :-) On some of the most popular GPUs (intel) you get reliable VSync without compositor because synchronization logic has been removed from the chip. And while some tolerate tearing, many don't Do we actually "know"? Cause I "know" that the opposition to GPL was not to make it incompatible with GPL (which is a point of contention actually, and hits deeply into question of when a code is derived code). The point was that making OpenSolaris GPL would block integration chances with NON-GPL projects. In fact, at least one anecdote points out that Sun expected CDDL components to make it into Linux source, just like cases of other non-GPL components in the past (AFS, for example) The very term REPL comes from a language that's been used compiled to native code since 1960s (Lisp) In fact, "compiled" programs on many platforms require an interpreter to set them up by dynamic code loading (including modifications if needed). In ELF header, it's called "program interpreter", which gives a path to a program that understands this particular file and can assembly a running image in memory There's a difference between owning the job in organization and farming it out completely. You don't need to have all competencies inside your org, but you better have some kick-ass people you can trust that can ensure you're not scammed by external consultants - or who know how to talk with contractors so that the project is not catastrophically buggered by nonsensical behaviour and unrealistic expectations of your org An example of a blackboard system in the wild that many would be exposed to today is kubernetes For certain security profiles in Windows 10 and related Windows Server versions, it's required that Secure Boot uses customer keys and MS keys are purged (you have to sign your installs with your own keys). Due to that, any "enterprise level" hardware has to have a way to switch Secure Boot into "SETUP" mode, which cleans all keys and let's you put in your own master keys. MCA was normal DMA bus, including extensions to use it as memory bus (which added few pins to help recognize a memory card and manage it, with plain MCA transfers for access) Closest to complex "IO Channel Program" on PCs was I2O which largely tanked despite leaving huge mark on SCSI controller design. While I don't like that tone, it's at times hard to not fall into it. Because all of this had happened before and will happen again, often without learning anything about the past (example case: NoSQL) No, they aren't. Generally you have some level of grouping and complex rules on how and when can they branch For those who balk at the mentioned 192kB of memory - the addressable memory was 32 kilo-words (each 48 bit), and the ma vc one was equipped with virtual memory so actual physical memory was larger. I'll give a potentially flamebaity response... But it's because reality appears to say that OSI protocols were right and TCP was wrong. Plain TCP essentially emulates a full duplex serial port. Applications need more on top of that. Methods for framing, attaching Metadata, data flows, secure transport layers, etc. So HTTP which provides a modicum of those options ends up being default, because it's available. For comparison, OSI defined various components to handle those elements and a proper OSI stack should have then available to application developer. Another example would be Symbolics Lisp Machines (Genera) where the network layer provided a bunch of mid-layer protocols, like one which provided messages that were formed of basic typed data structures. So people would use those to quickly build custom protocols for their applications, thanks to not having to deal with low level details. Various Middleware also come to mind. TCP is not enough. Expert systems are AI. (and some of us are salty about statistics creeping overreach on terminology). It seems to me that HN might not be too frequented hy people who work with symbolic AI, but expert systems and semantic tools are very, very deeply connected. In fact, semantic technologies are derived from work on expert systems, and using JESS with RDF store was part of my coursework at university. One day I switched off turbo while playing Test Drive 3. Suddenly, I didn't need superhuman reflexes to play, and could drive on curves at speed :-D Reference counting nor "manual" memory management are not faster than GC by themselves. Both tend to have pretty bad slowdowns that tend to result in optimizations... By batching operations similar to "GC pass", because there are different metrics of performance and occasional pause appears to be good compromise for most. Personally I'm partial to deterministic schemes akin to IBM Metronome, where GC runs in bounded static time. By energy use, Garbage Collection is generally better than typical manual approach, except for when "GC" is actually a naive refcount. Exact results depend on what metrics are you targeting - a stop the world pause can result in very efficient (in total time and power use) system, but one that has problematic latencies. A metronome style approach will have lower efficiencies but timings more predictable than reasonably optimized malloc()/free() We wrote latency-sensitive and high-performance code in GCed languages back in 1980s - avoiding pauses or having predictable latencies (in fact, more predictable than usual manual memory management!) are more of "we don't teach people how to program" rather than issue with GC. As for energy savings, many garbage collectors have amortized energy use lower than malloc/free. Even pretty simple ones (some of the simplest I've seen beat it so hard it's not competition, but they are specific to their application) A good "keyword" to search is "non-consing code", from lisp lore meaning it doesn't construct (allocate) new space. As sibling comment says, it often involved object caches and static allocations. Interestingly enough, similar rules are necessary with malloc()/free where dynamic allocation is often forbidden for latency critical code (or safety critical one) Also - I really, really recommend reading the classic GC book ( http://gchandbook.org/ ) and related sources. I stopped complaining too much about developers when I noticed pretty much Noone gets taught how memory management works - either manual or GC Because people aren't taught about GC or memory management at all, so cheap soundbites about "GC being bad" from old survives as "wisdom" The point is that you lose not only in tight loops. (Tight loop allocating with good GC is actually well known good [1] case, it's deallocation that is PITA). free() as well as malloc() and related have significantly complex algorithms behind them, unless one can simplify base memory management in certain ways - and those ways tend to also allow region-enabled GC to outperform them anyway. [1] Allocating memory in many Garbage Collected systems can be down to one instruction, and if using per-thread heap, it can be atomic add without CAS Symbolics (and other systems like it) had typed memory with hw type checking (so you had safe memory by default), and had one important bit for efficient GC (one that is also utilized by Azul and Shenandoah) - forwarding pointers, in their case implemented "transparently" to actual code. With forwarding pointer, you can copy data and update a reference in a way that is transparent to concurrently running code, as when it access the data again the CPU (or software implementation) will notice the data had been moved and follow the forwarding pointer to new location. The rest of the support for GC was centered around structure of virtual memory, without anything very specific to GC in hw - we're talking about things like "memory is divided into X areas, inside each area the lower side is ephemeral... " etc. There was also some register use to keep track of GC status. I think some versions had MMU or page fault handler update the GC register data. Not having GC in no way improves understanding of architecture or gives better performance. Hordes of C/C++ programmers that don't understand memory management but swear by malloc()/free() are a good example of that. And it's not like C/C++ are only language without GC, they are just popular now . Typical programmer is taught nothing about memory management, till maybe they learn bits and pieces (often by hearsay and cargo culting). It doesn't matter if we're talking manual or automatic. Without such understanding one cannot write performant code or make a good architecture. Also - a good working definition of low-level language is language that makes you care about things irrelevant to your task... if you believe that then you have no idea how Garbage Collectors work, period. In throughput-optimized GC setups (not latency optimized) that's the case. Though free(), despite being seemingly "constant", can have unpredictable pause times as well when you hit a bad point. Azul essentially provided tagged architecture AND I think forwarding pointers. The former gave you precise GC for free, the latter allowed concurrent GC to move data around without pauses. Lisp Machines didn't use tags for tracking liveness/evacuation of objects, though. They used them for safety, which automatically gave them precise , as opposed to conservative , GC which always knew whether it was dealing with a pointer. They also had special, CPU-handled type of forwarding pointers, which when accessed "normally" would transparently redirect you to forwarded location. Being explicit usually means that you have to drop whole classes of optimizations, or manually perform the analysis yourself (probably resulting in errors). Lisp is also typed - the tagging made for easier native code compilation vs. bytecoded approaches. Would probably help if they had constant-time GC available, where you bind mutator ("application code") and collector (GC) to specific quanta of time to run, thus providing reliable timings. The question is whether it would be fast enough. Bags risk damage to the slide, which could prevent passengers from using them, as well as causing physical impact injuries to passengers below. There is no excuse. And how is that relevant? Go channels et al are actually a syntax sugar for a C library that later got subsumed and rewritten in Go, but can still be used - libthread After hearing of seagull gangs having turf wars, and observing a ritualised duel between two seagulls with a circle of watchers who proctored it (the whole thing looked like Greek wrestling using beaks), believing in organized warfare between cats... Is easy. the latter is true, the former isn't - Ref counting is the first automatic memory management (actual name of the field) technique you learn in some of the seminal works. Then you learn why it sucks and not for taking space for counter. Rust's region management also falls under automatic memory management, just "compile-time elided" You need to get the community organised for a hunt. I recall one that happened when a rogue retransmitter managed to spill religious radio onto TWR2 frequency at local Airport You don't need waste disposal sites if you have full reprocessing chain. Which was made nearly-illegal and an invitation for us-sanctioned airstrike for several decades even if you abide by NPT, so... Dunno why, the first thing that came to my mind was "Bastard", which feels much more appropriate for a cat... Might be an association learnt in school? It's not so much eliminated, so much as we can reprocess a lot of what we now have as "waste". Yes, it still involves possibly polluting reagents (some common reagents are the same as in microchip production, btw). However, it enables use of different types of reactors and different total economy of nuclear power generation. The end result is that properly managed, you can limit remaining waste as well as extend usability of each kilogram of fissile material several times. Reprocessing of waste is also how several crucial isotopes are produced - for example, Canadian CANDU reactors are famous for producing important resources for medicine (radiation sources mainly). Similarly, Polish research reactors near Warsaw partially pay for their upkeep by reprocessing the spent fuel into medical isotopes and weapons-grade plutonium (which is then milled with uranium into MOX fuel for civilian reactors) The flight computer responses were ones that help ensure that the airplane remains in safe maneuvering range when air movement suddenly shifts around. For example, a sudden encounter with wind shear might push an otherwise well-trimmed aircraft into just that kind of move, and the FBW computer would be expected to compensate. In this case, the "eyes and ears" of flight computers failed in ways that were unknown to designers and thus bypassed safety measures against their failure. In the Lisp community, there's an infamous story of a Lisp Machine made out of Nokia Communicator (the early, DOS-based model with 80186 cpu) by Timo Noko using Nokolisp. What happened was that the DOS flash image got corrupted somehow, so Noko implemented missing bits in his lisp implementation and made the phone boot directly into it. Since all the software he used was written in his Lisp, there was not much of a difference in usability :-) Socket API was bolted onto Unix as a port from TOPS-20. It might have become accepted part of Unix, but so was XTI which in retrospect was probably better. Honeycomb was rushed release to get proper tablet support out, and essentially wasn't released for phones (it worked there, but badly ). Once the catchup on mobile side was done, you got unified 4.0 Apple doesn't release anything to allow 3rd party development of drivers that integrate into accelerated pipeline (afaik you can do basic frame buffers but that's it). nVidia coasted on having been used in some of the mac hardware thus having access to at least some versions of the APIs, but it seems that what they have no longer works with Mojave. That's...interestingly old HW. As in I'd expect it to be more expensive than newer 64 but stuff Major parts of the firmware were licensed, I assume for time-to-market reasons. Some of the license issues are also AFAIK due to how, somehow, we let entertainment industry strangle hold us - both ME and PSP now have code involved in setting up "protected av path" which is queried by streaming services et al - and if it's not found, you don't get to play 4k media (at least, afaik, with Netflix, it's 4k). AMD could release a friendlier version but it would not be able to do what majoroty of the market expects it to do. n.b. there are license-built cpus that have alternative firmware in PSP, but it's also closed and they are not really available on open market. While I cannot condone bulldozing the graves... A lot of those red army soldiers fought against Estonian army. They weren't in any way liberators, just as Germans turned to not be ones. Yes, those standards are usually about not paying anything including owed wages or PTO (why do you think "unlimited PTO" exists? It means you don't have to pay it back or accumulate it over time, making it easier to reject any PTO request) Ryżem branded cpus have single NUMA zone, threadripper have 2, EPYC have 2 per socket Just basic post-flight download of data takes more than the flight. The reconfiguration happens only in two or three places in the world and can take weeks if not months and then you need to have high-speed Internet access to get it. Quick turnaround is something yiu get from Soviets/Russians or Swedes, where the doctrines involved make it priority feature. They did - original network addresses were, iirc, around 16 bit. Meanwhile OSI went with 20 byte maximum and strong preference for separating service and implementation and putting numeric addresses in implementation side... It was more a result of bad planning and bad incentives. Corporations are similarly centrally planned, but the quarter plan is in many ways as bad as 5 year one. Good companies mix both long term planning and reactive processes Fwupd works on all recent thinkpad generations, but you need to run without bios emulator And "illegal combatant" Coreboot is NOT an UEFI alternative. Unless you want to regress computing to closed platforms (it can be open source and closed platform). My wish is a good open source UEFI implementation running on top of tight coreboot setup, that goes all out on the security features. The simple system is reliable, has certain anti-locking behaviors, and doesn't depend on complex electronics while being obvious if jamming happens Is that feet or meters? Because 1000 feet ASL was the altitude at which it was mandatory for me to start preparing for landing in a glider. 1000m ASL is perfectly normal altitude, unless you're purposefully avoiding ATC interaction by staying under 300m which is dangerous. Nation in nation state is pretty recent addition and already dying off (fortunately), but the state owing allegiance to its citizens (ever imperfect) is better than slide back to feudal-authoritarian corporation that is in no way on the hook for anything towards the common man. Nation state is still better than corporation Windows 10 appears to support one of the newer standards for announcing su h details in beacon Don't forget incompetence in local government with regards to EU grants, too. Often there could be less paperwork than there is... 4chan derives its design from Japanese forums, and the Japanese web for had a very minimalistic design to a huge part of it, even up to today, due to C-HTML and use from flip phones. Unless you are trying to run software that explicitly depends on some of the brokenness from upstream (Gnome3) you can just setup a classic system that will behave the same way you're used to and honestly, I didn't encounter problems with software in that configuration BSD Sockets were never part of "UNIX Philosophy", they are an ugly quick'n'dirty port/rewrite of code from totally alien system (TOPS-20) because DoD had to deal with vendor abandonment Interesting that GDB had its own "time travel" support for longer that afaik works on AMD. Will have to see what rr brings to the table. The virtualization extensions are actually different, but yeah, VMware supports both across all platforms. I think it's only AMD Hackintosh where you might have an issue? ncurses had its support written in September 1995. SysV4 curses had support earlier. I haven't been able to point exactly when xterm gained mouse support to send the data to terminal programs, but definitely before September 1995. Such communities are easy pickings for exploitation, which is how they get infiltrated and made toxic to hell. See also "incel", something that started out from a woman's blog and turned from self-deprecating to a bit of mutual help, to finally a toxic hell hole. Interestingly enough, Go's network functions, by virtue of being native to Plan9, actually are based around Plan9's file-based network API. It works pretty nicely, though "everything is a file stream" has its issues. Government, Politics, resistance to change, NIH syndrome, "us vs them" and a bunch of other issues all conspired to keep BSD Sockets alive. The first is the origin of BSD Sockets at all - UCB got paid by the government to port TCP/IP to Unix and, AFAIK, provide it royalty-free to everyone, because DoD needed a replacement for TOPS-20 as fast as possible and widely available, and there were tons of new Unix machines on anything that could get paging up (and some that couldn't). Then you have the part where TLI/XTI ends up in Unix Wars, associated with slow implementations (STREAMS), despite being superior interface. NIH syndrome also struck in IETF which left us with the issues in IPv6 development and defensiveness against better interfaces than BSD Sockets because those tended to be associated with the "evil enemy OSI" (a polish joke gets lost there, due to "osi" easily being turned into "axis"). Finally, you have a slapped together port of some features from XTI that forms "getaddrinfo", but doesn't get much use for years after introduction (1998) so when you learn programming BSD Sockets years later you still need to manually handle IPv4/IPv6 because no one is passing knowledge around. It also supports at the very least WiFi Alliance's Passpoint, based on 802.11u. "Flight speak" depends on multiple details that are not always obvious. For example, "feets" for altitude are "temporary allowance" and in many places are used only because of the influx of cheap US-made hardware. Flight Levels are actually not specified in meters nor feet, but in air pressure, so that if everyone has altimeters on the same "zero" pressure they will be able to communicate their flight level perfectly. Nautical Miles are used because unlike feet, they actually make sense. Middleware might have Metal support but not be used by the game nor tested. And not everyone is going to redo testing and QA on niche backend. and smaller than other platforms for the users of such middleware - and due to physical and power differences isn't usually running the same game but a modified one. A lot of porting to Mac depended on OpenGL being an API that you could start debugging on other platforms as well. They wouldn't pass cargo certification as well. Nobody likes a cargo plane falling on them. Those problems started with Boeing wanting to keep 737NG type rating as a selling point. Keeping the type rating means that they needed to avoid making completely new wings or significant fuselage changes, which would require a new type rating as well. All of that led to fitting engines in a way that caused a bunch of aerodynamics problems, which led to crappy solutions. The economic incentives started it. CAAC apparently got significant respect at least when it comes to civilian/airliner planes. A lot of people who think of C as genesis and end of systems programming also tend to ignore what was done in Bell Labs, too... even by the team behind C. The longer they spent since last HL2 episode the more DNF the case became, and after few years it was certainly better to not make HL3 because it would fail horribly. The problem is handling failures. We could do automatic landings back when the British introduced Autoland, and in fact any serious autonomous landing will use ILS as the backbone. The problem is that we barely got to the point where an autonomous plane was capable of reasoning enough to do a go-around, but I have zero belief that it would handle failures in other ways than "crash in unoccupied terrain" (if there's any). There is a huge fundamental difference - you can't stop on the curb and send SOS when something breaks . There's no margin for error. the effectiveness of CAAC ban was result of the respect, not the other way around. Like sibling comment noted, Inferno and Limbo. Then there's Alef, Newspeak, Bell Labs fork of C (separate from ISO C if mostly compatible), few other languages I believe, the whole original Unix phhilosophy often is forgotten as well... I recall Brian Kernighan alluding to some of this in his humorous (but true!) mention of "first Go commit" ( https://github.com/golang/go/commit/7d7c6a97f815e9279d08cfae... ) Apparently they are going for SBSA, which means it will have proper UEFI implementation, including possibly ACPI, so you will have normal UEFI experience. Coreboot only handles low-level initialization, it will still need a higher level payload unless you're going to hardcode your kernel to the board for every update. Now, coreboot+tianocore uefi for somewhat open firmware... "real time" has nothing to do with raw speed, and even with C/C++ requires custom allocators to get around normal memory code being unpredictable. Real time requires predictability, something that was solved in GCs by mid-1990s and had workarounds (which are required in C/C++ as well, and widely used by games etc.) by 1980s - when real-time GC'ed programs started to be used. Including hard-realtime in telephone switches. Haskell was strongly localized, and with heavy university bias. There were users outside, but not many, and I think it was around 2003-2005 that it became more common to use (also I suspect GHC to be significant in causing that). Also, Microsoft is quite open in its support for more heterogenous programming than typical Unix environment, with significant use of "niche" programming languages in various places (including things as atypical as putting custom Prolog implementation into Windows network configuration tools, just to run a prolog program that handled said configuration) Didn't Multics Emacs predate ZWEI? Or was kind of contemporary to it? Multi monitor display worked perfectly for long time, long before "it works on intel, let's call it new standard" crew decided that flat shared framebuffer is the only way to go (apparently because of compositors and nothing else), something that also broke support for multi-gpu and especially heterogenous multi-gpu. It's also significant portion of "people who pay for Linux developer salaries" in the form of few workstation users that use Linux-based software that is often paired with Quadros. For a bunch of stupid, hysterical reasons, the Open Source X11 server still has all the warts of early-1990s release. XFree86 used the MIT X.Org core dump to implement open X11 on Linux, but outside of certain new things (DRI, XRender extension) it remained stuck in "world is dumb framebuffers with optional bitter" design. Over time, a lot of useful stuff was broken and supported less and less, then reimplemented in bad way over compositors, instead of having composting Xserver like Xsgi. Security extensions or even basic security tools (private input grab) got waylaid because toolkits didn't implement them (try running GTK3 on hardware without 32bit color GL or on system that defaults to lower bit depth than 32/24). Generally, after letting it get more and more broken, the suggestion for big rewrite arrived. Said suggestion often results in something that resembles "devs first graphic stack", with a lot of basic, important features for daily life relegated to "someone will make an extension for it later" or "use D-bus to implement it elsewhere, and who cares about compatibility". Haven't seen a case of dbus daemon replacement, only I think one or two client libraries, and one is niche and the other is so niche I think less than 10 people ever used it. Windows supports core APIs for longer than Linux, or in fact, X11 exists. It's actually possible (and was demonstrated) to upgrade from 1985 Windows 1.01 all the way up to 32bit Windows 10 and run windows 1.01 application without changes . Arguably backward compatibility is the true reason how MS got to dominate OS market - you had good chance your software was just going to work on new OS version. A lot of that is due to lack of those features. It's really not worth it when you are facing huge downside in usability on things that should have been accounted for in core protocol(-set), but a decade later you need to face aloha-quality, unstable warring incompatible proposals . Nothing prevented X11 frkm adapting with hardware. In fact, commercial implementations did just that. It's XFree86 that was running pretty much on original framebuffer-oriented code dump. Also, if you actually run on server that was more directed towards modern hardware, like Xsgi, GTK3 will simply flip out because it has heavy assumptions that pretty much break. Go is direct successor of a long line of alternative C evolution (Bell Labs didn't stop evolving the language or experimenting with new ones, and Go pretty much initially was a syhtax sugar for Plan9 C and its runtime and style) Pascal had two killer apps. First, it was used for teaching, like Java today. So you had a wide base of programmers knowing it. Second, there was Turbo Pascal which made it an extremely popular language on PC platform (also used to have significant presence on Mac, but I'm less familiar there. They retired public access and private access for "small clients". The engine is still there, Google just decided it's not going to keep the vendor-client relationships. Do these groups include, in their core beliefs, the idea that others should have no rights or worse? No? Nazi do. They aren't going to extend the same olive branch to talk things out if they have the power, but will hide behind "but your tolerance! DEBATE ME!!!" when they don't. The only thing I'd extend to them is the right to due process and innocent until proven guilty - but walk around with Nazi paraphernalia or slogans and you're getting punched. IIRC after Alef went "bust" due to disagreements about GC, its thread semantics got ported to C as libthread, as well as used in Limbo. Then Go kinda resurrected it but with GC? kdbus was afaik not-exactly-compatible (at least not wire protocol compatible), and as its main reason for existence had speed . And finally died after Linus went to town on dbus-daemon pointing out a bunch of fixes that made it much faster (though I don't know if anyone turned that example into actual patches for dbus-daemon). As for arguments against d-bus - It's a mess. The protocol is variable-endianess for no reason , back in the very beginning the XML interface spec got significant criticism because introspection required punting and parsing XML. Personally I'd also point to mess of multiple identifiers - last time I tried to figure out details for third-party implementation, I got 3 different addresses per object, whereas sometimes I believe just a reference would suffice. Also, unlike its (probably closest) predecessor DCOP, it's very hard to use d-bus outside of writing a complex program. Systemd is a factor, but it started years before. D-Bus is "desktop bus", and was rather obviously designed to be the interconnect between applications on the desktop. It seems to me to be preciously rare in its original goal of "COM-like" interop on desktop. Then it got started to be used for system daemons. HAL was somewhat reasonable if problematic. PolicyKit and ConsoleKit ... not so much. Those two laid foundations for badly described but "crucial" APIs provided by logind and systemd that were forced down everyone's throat later on. Now that I think of it, NetworkManager taking years to being configurable without gnome panel might have a hand in it too (and cast a shadow on D-Bus due to NM developer arrogance in the past). So, generally, a bit of technology, a containership of politics. very tightly integrated with Irix and SGI MIPS hardware, from my understanding. A bit like IRIS GL never getting open sourced, because it wouldn't be of much use without matching hardware exposed over /dev/GL interface. The bit with `ping 0` is sadly unexplored, as the nature of "any host in network" and "any host in any network" addresses are sadly unmentioned these days. Then come the joys of debugging someone's configuration because a tutorial told them to "connect to 0.0.0.0" instead of localhost... There's already GCP Filestore. Ahhh, sweet naivety. The people who end up calling support often aren't the ones paying the bill, for starters. That's definitely the case for Bluejeans and Zoom. It also doesn't matter if you make a great FAQ page. Majority of dissatisfied people will never see it. Majorly because they won't call support but instead complain and grumble locally, the second biggest portion because once sent towards FAQ by support.... They won't follow it. Only the tiny sliver of most dedicated will follow up long enough to reach the FAQ. 0.0.0.0 is a valid address. You also have a route for 0.0.0.0/0, usually called "default" :) Just not valid for a host, as it is a network address where "network" is specified as the whole internet . It's how you create services listening to connections from any address - technically you can setup a listening socket waiting for connections only from specific network, but I haven't tested it. It's also why minimal compliant IPv4 network has 4 IP addresses: the network address, host 1, host 2, broadcast. There's an unratified RFC for allowing only host 1 and host 2, but I believe it works only on some combinations of gear/software. Then of course you get systems accepting broken setups, like 192.168.0.0 host address with /24 or /16 netmask. However, 192.168.1.0/23 is a valid address a host can have. Tolerance needs to go both ways. When the other side's core belief do not allow for "live and let live", there's no space for tolerating them. Depends on country, but even then I think "limited trust" is the approach expected from drivers. If you use a phone with a Qualcomm modem you use one such system, based on OKL4 (or at least they used to use OKL4 + L4 Linux for non hard RT parts) I suspect we might be using different meanings of multi-server microkernel OS, unless the modem software is even more limited than I thought - I meant that the system is composed of multiple communicating servers. Does the modem just have few independent colocated "big" servers (like the ancient 4.2 BSD server for Mach)? EDIT: Also, had some fun in the past learning about the modem software on Qualcomm modems, back before iPhone or Android so nice to meet someone who worked on it :) So, some software actually parses 0/8 as localhost? This explains so many broken tutorials.. The old "For Dummies" books were very respectful if used self-deprecating humour on authors side often. The polish term used to translate "For Dummies" was a bit better IMO, though not exactly translateable. In my experience GCP, GCP , not Google , customer support had been pretty great. We don't pay too much, in fact I'm not sure we would rate any support from AWS given our spend - or at least it's not something visible to me. EDIT: Found AWS page about support. Was definitely harder to find than GCP's... In practice from my work, I've seen mostly cases of AWS being chosen because of "AWS=Cloud" mentality, and Azure because "we're MS shop". TBQH, the latter is bolstered by MS doing a really great push for developer tools, integrations, etc, even if actually using Azure is at times like eating broken glass. The problem is, that at least in my experience chrome never does that. Which is why I recently had only 5g "available" (not free), and it was all swap, because Chrome had been a degenerate example of resource mismanagement on all of my computers since it was first released. I have yet to see Chrome free memory in way other than murdering the render process myself or closing the tabs and hoping it wasn't a shared process one, at least on Linux. Intel had been considered to get insane premiums on their chips for a long, long time... They consider the Windows + .NET stack to have saved them more money than they pay in licensing et al. At the time, major "web development" stacks that people would have thought of on Linux tended to be much more resource hungry (still are), meanwhile the people behind StackOverflow had very good .NET skills that they could apply immediately. This translated into being able to serve more people per server than if they used, let's say, PHP, Ruby, Python, etc. And as people said, SQL Server. Which is a very, very capable database server with impressive performance. Even then, AFAIK you weren't "told" what kind of career you were getting, but at times people would get assignments they could take for a job in their field? When I was 8-9 year old, I wanted to become aeronautical engineer and in university to get "MSci-Engineer in Aerodynamics". People change a lot since that age ;) I really like those "no reversing" clauses. Because they are worth less than the bits used to write them in Poland - only the "distribute derivative works" would be enforceable because that would be blatant copyright violation last time I checked, AOT is heavily used, and if you load your assemblies into GAC you're getting AOT compilation for pretty much all code if you're not going to generate bytecode at runtime. PHP performance is still a pig, which is pasted over by various caching behaviours (for example in OS). I have to deal with making HA for a PHP site whose design precludes keeping read-only copies of PHP code, and have to load them form NFS... let's just say that even with php.ini tweaks it involves pretty much constant reads of code. Interestingly, Stack Overflow is using several of those tricks to speed up their internal services, as the kernel-side HTTP server is made available to everyone, it's not locked to MS applications. AFAIK they have few "microservices" which don't use IIS but handle HTTP through HTTP.sys SQL Server has huge amounts of tuning and cooperation with NTFS driver team to ensure good performance, and frankly, it's at the high-end of the databases, and I really wouldn't mind using it except for price :( Don't need them for SQL server hosts, you need them for AD (one per user) or login connections (other than admin). running on linux servers, too. (as well as the ELK stack, which handles logging) Back with Multics, secretaries were given Emacs as editor, and they had access to a manual on writing lisp code for it... With no mention anywhere that it was programming in one of the most capable languages of the time (MACLISP on Multics). In short time, many secretaries that honestly believed that "programming wasn't for them and was too hard" had written lots and lots of automation for their daily tasks. Cava was their Hypercard. http://www.gnu.org/gnu/rms-lisp.en.html They fail to be fully operational after 30 days without connection to Lockheed servers, which is a problem even for USA because the connection is bandwidth intensive. A horribly shitty software package called ALIS is required to operate F-35,this software communicates from ground facilities to Lockheed servers. Having dealt with the output of the part of Lockheed that makes logistical software, I say run for the hills. Data diodes are things that exist Connectivity between zones is something FAA actually caught in 787 when it was still being built and forced a redesign. AFDX used by 787 has one way only communications, no ACKs are used or allowed (it actually uses UDP plus network proven to not lose packets) Separation of IFE and avionics networks is something FAA actually chastised Boeing over during 787 design, and forced them to fully separate networks not VLAN crap. You could say that the problem was lack of fly-by-wire - if 737-MAX had FBW, the necessary corrections would be bundled as part of flight envelope protection, and that tends to work pretty well and the required checks on FBW systems would catch stuff like "only one AoA sensor used". Instead we got MCAS which was messing with autotrim signals and escaped scrutiny. FAA actually gave a shit and forced Boeing to redesign when they tried to put through a shared network idea, since then the networks are, in fact, gapped. From my understading there are 'data diodes" used, and as such flows are only from IFE to maintenance, and from avionics to maintenance, but not the other way around. AFDX (used for network in 787) uses unidirectional messages with no ACKs or anything so you can reliably make a data diode by just cutting cables right. The CDDL code doesn't depend on Linux internal APIs - it depends on SPL, the Solaris Porting Layer, which implements them using Linux APIs. This way the CDDL code stays independent of linux. Also, we have one persons word that they were asked to make it incompatible, at the same time we have another people claiming that Sun expected CDDL code to end up in Linux kernel pretty much overnight and was surprised by the reaction, and on the third hand we have developers who campaigned internally at Sun against using GPLv2/v3 (Sun was interested in using GPLv3) because it would prevent integration of opened code with BSDs and the like. Location: Warsaw, Poland Remote: YES, preferred Willing to relocate: not really Skills: DevOps, Kubernetes, GCP, AWS, Common Lisp Resume/CV: https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B29CHUBtDZd5N1FJbF92RnBJdkk... Email: pawel.lasek@gmail.com EU citizen, can invoice. I'm looking for remote, DevOps oriented role, with a strong preference towards maintaining Kubernetes based stack. Worked in areas of system administration since 2008 and DevOps since 2012, with pretty in-depth understanding of how computers (and linux) works EC had explicit goal of "beer closer union", going cm to its immediate predecessor. Some people claim it was sold as purely economic union, some claim it was well known goal back then. But a lot of the rules that are supposedly so bad are rules that would be there in a purely economic union. Hahaha. Can't say autocorrupt didn't make a nice change this time ;) The decision makers in UI design often design for "someone ripped from plow by grenade", as the saying goes in Poland - someone who has no idea about the product at all. Others tend to follow this. All of that results in undiscoverable interfaces designed for first-time users and horrible for everything else, and thus cult of first mouse, now touchscreen. Aviation tends to multiple-function displays with somewhat common controls used for them. Started with softkeys around the screens, on recent A350 you have two keyboard/mouse sets for both pilots, plus extra buttons, and a bit complex setup of which screens can display what. No touchscreens for in-flight, though, although iPads became common as replacement for paper charts. F-22 has datalinks, including the one datalink that appears to be ultimately the only one really used - Link-16. F-35's MADL wasn't added to F-22 because Air Force deemed it "not ready to use" and cited maturity problems with the whole stack. A lot of JSF sensors are to patch over its horrible pilot situational awareness, mostly a legacy of the STOVL variant (which is responsible for most issues) and which exists only because USMC needs it to fight against Imperial Japanese Army in Guadalcanal. Few other purchases of F-35B happened because building a proper carrier would result in political shitstorm (Japan) or because F-35B being supposed to let build carrier more cheaply and when its issues became known it was too late to refit the carrier with catapult (UK). As for refitting a non-carrier aircraft to be a carrier aircaft - F-18 is the best known case, and its competitor was navalized F-16. As far as I know, there was carrier variant of F-22 in the works as well. Avionics software on new systems is, in a way, logically similar to kubernetes actually :) Instead of having separate computers, you now tend to have fewer "servers" which run multiple modules in isolated partitions, communicating over the common network using unidirectional messages; whether using SAE AS5643 - aka IEEE-1394 - like in F-35 and X-47, or over mutated Ethernet known as AFDX (A380, A350, B787). However a big portion of JSF issues is also in ground software - there's a dedicated set of platforms required to operate F-35, which is also known for infamously depending on connectivity to Lockheed servers or the airplane stops working. The system involved, ALIS, had als infamously took more time to deploy during a test squadron redeployment than the whole redeployment - which I guess they might be trying to speed up using Kubernetes. From what I heard ALIS appears to still be done the same style as certain other logistics software from lockheed back in 2010, and that doesn't say anything good. UEFI spec insists in root of trust being specified by vendor, Microsoft requires ability to set completely owner-controlled keys because they offer that as part of highest security mode on Windows for corporate clients. Reducing the symptoms probably help, and there are many conditions which have a reinforcing feedback loop AFDX protocol stack is unidirectional with no ACKs or anything like that, which makes use of physical data diodes trivial. There are three separate networks, with data diodes used for cases where information flows between them. HW separation was enforced by FAA back when 787 was in prototype stage. Boeing actually attempted that on 787,with some VLAN trickery. FAA caught it and forced them to redesign the setup. As for actual AFDX networks - they have hardcoded forwarding tables and no MAC learning, and separation between networks tends to use data diodes the difference is that AFDX is a "closed" network. If you attached anything to it directly, you're already past the security boundary, as timing and reliability is more important than verifying identities in it. That's a request for comments from before 787 got its type certificate - I'd like to see the result, as I do recall there being a request to redesign the networks due to "not enough separation". Even HN talked about it. I can't find the "work-in-progress" reports for type certification regarding the network, but the special conditions involve: > The applicant shall ensure system security protection for > the Aircraft Control Domain and Airline Information > Domain from access by unauthorized sources external to > the airplane, including those possibly caused by > maintenance activity. The applicant shall ensure that > security threats are identified and assessed, and that > risk mitigation strategies are implemented to protect the > airplane from all adverse impacts on safety, > functionality, and continued airworthiness. unidirectional nature of the communication protocols means that AFDX-compatible application can be easily firewalled for cases such as reporting data to maintenance network, as I understood from Boeing's response. Electronic Flight Bag being part of maintenance network is not something good, though. The F-18 is navalized YF-17 (specifically, it's based on YF-17 model 267). It's competitor was literally F-16 "navalised" by team up of General Dynamics and Vought Aerospace, with resulting model being Vought Model 1600. You don't usually already produced units to "navalize", but making a derivative is the norm, and was the case for both. F-22N was proposed but never went far. As for JSF sensor fusion - the helmet itself comes form pretty bad visibility from the cockpit. Incorporating modern passive sensors was an obvious choice, though. (I'm still waiting on reports of "sensor fusion finally works", given our local idiots in charge decided to jump on the Lockheed Welfare project) And outside of F-35, everything talks Link-16 with possible tunnelling/subnetting, and MADL was considered "too immature" to start fitting on F-22 despite Congress "ordering" it. If by "Introduction to Algorithms" we mean the infamous book by Cormen et al... When I propose to use it to prevent sea rise by drying the sea I only half jest. It's IMO one of the worst books to use except as reference when you already have a good grounding. I found "Introduction to Algorithms" to be _waaay_ too dry to deal with in beginning, though I'd welcome something else to get through the detail. Personally I'd use Cormen as "dictionary" to get into detail of stuff I first read in A.D.M. The problem is that for years distro-bundled Common Lisp was broken thanks to well meaning efforts in Debian. I'm speaking of "common-lisp-controller". Which led to some problems that made avoiding distro packaging the norm. Can you run qemu fast enough to be competitive with Intel? And I mean full emulation, not something that requires running on x86. Trigraphs are also necessary on IBM Z if you don't want to (or can't) switch from most standard EBCDIC code pages to the special C code page Maxed out X250 had been reported to last 26h hours online, with plain debian install, no tricks like Macs' "oh, you look outside, I'll go to sleep now" OSX sandboxing uses Scheme48 under the hood. The amount of missed lunches, late lunches, and lunches eaten in the meeting suggests otherwise. I think at best we had a break for lunch. At worst it was "just few more minutes and then we'll be free for lunch" The CDDL code is not derivative of GPL code, and as such doesn't have to be compliant with GPL. There is a glue layer which implements enough of Solaris kernel calls to allow CDDL code to operate, and this layer is dual licensed AFAIK. They probably didn't expect all their performance tricks to backfire in last two years, too. SBCL purposefully dropped many "extra" libraries that were part of CMU (including GUI library) in order to focus on the lisp implementation itself. Given that the "missing" libraries are recouped by often better external code these days, I find it a pretty good option. Unfortunately probably nobody has time to work on LW-level GUI library. Significant effort involved from people who mostly have no need for one. Portacle is actively worked on, though Shinmera (author) afaik doesn't use Windows much, though he attempts to support it equally. Chef had great support for automated testing. We also generally did a lot of testing on other tools. Sure, things like ansible lack proper testing support, but that doesn't mean that all of the profession doesn't test. The geometry makes forward swept wing destabilize further, while classic design self-stabilizes (or oscillates). That said, slight forward swept had been used for years in many planes, it's the more extreme angles that get the fun mentions. The most honest answer? Because putting a damned capacitice touchscreen is cheaper than even one good button. I spent non-trivial amount of time to find devices that have tactile, physical interfaces. I certainly paid a premium in all cases. Because putting a capacitive layer and an LCD is god damn cheaper, for the reasons you describe. It's not that the screens are better, or even good. It's that they are so versatile that they are the cheapest, lowest common denominator option for interaction design. In a sense, Star Trek predicted this, as at least part of the reasoning behind flat panel touchscreens everywhere was that it was very, very cheap prop to make compared to complex physical controls. The touchscreen is the natural evolution of unending drop down menus that require several trips through every time you do some operation, because the application development had no time for UX research. A long available, very well selling commercial add on to many Visual Studio versions was.... Vi emulation mode for the editor. Similarly, IdeaVim is shown as option in first run dialog of IntelliJ-based editors. Similarly with Emacs key map in most older IDEs. Early Opteron (with Socket 940) topped at 8 sockets glueless - with the same chipset one could drive a socket 754 chip. However, with custom glue logic, one could expand it very far - AMD offering in that space was "Horus" chipset which connected 4 sockets with external fabric (infiniband, iirc) to create 64 socket systems. Similar tactic was (and still is) offered by SGI in their UltraViolet systems which utilize the same principle using NUMAlink fabric and Xeon cpus. IBM's AS/400 (and all of its renames) is a 128bit architecture. The huge address space is beneficial for implementing capability security on memory itself, plus using single level store for the whole system (addresses span RAM and secondary storage like disks, NVMe, etc) The never finished first polish NPP had hydroelectric starter in the form of pumping water plant built with reservoir on nearby hill. But that kind of setup appears to be pretty rare. Late Pentium 4 in a pretty much random standard PC motherboard, I think it didn't even have EFI (even the broken 2001-vintage one that was common for years on x86 Macs). Xeons arrived with Mac Pro. Oh, they were. NASA was working very hard on nuclear propulsion, and even managed to get support from Congress in the budget, something they never had for Shuttle. Took direct presidential order to dismantle the project and essentially bury nuclear space propulsion. A big problem is that you don't really choose a car based on whether it has touchscreen or not. And then there's the aspect of "distracted by the shiny" which has to be tempered by having experience with touchscreens Except I'm not talking about tablet/slabphone form, but talking generally. iPhone was operating in a market where touchscreens were already the norm, it just had a better touchscreen. It was a general lowering of costs, coupled with better networks and the ability to use more modern web pages that truly revolutionized the market. Capacitive touchscreens were nice, but not end-all. In fact, my first experience with iPhone 3G was that it was clunkier than the smartphones we used. (and definitely felt cheap). At least some phones, for a time, used to integrate both touch screen and buttons, which had significant benefits when it came to UX (as buttons can be navigated by tactile feedback only) Vimperator had no such limitation, but the APIs necessary for such functionality had been jettisoned by Firefox The way things are budgeted in USA doesn't reflect much on value the nation puts on anything. That said, US Congress did fund it, on a rather non-pork-barrel project, even. It just happened to have enmity pf Nixon's administration, to the point that they arranged for NASA to scrap Space Nuclear Propulsion Office and laid off everyone involved, despite 100m budget and the project being well on track. It wasn't being cheap, but accepting things that didn't pass Soviet safety rules was one, another was that the process was not followed. Same design RBMK reactors have been operated for years without issue, but the Chernobyl plant did a test in wrong order,meaning that the safety measures that were backups for the tests... Weren't running. After significant human process training, the rest of Chernobyl NPP operated till around 2005 There is less mismatch between ZFS and WinNT IO model than between ZFS and Linux VFS. Sincerely, someone who had to port kernel level code from Linux to NT. ZFS is mountable between Linux and FreeBSD so long as optional features are configured in an appropriate way - this is a benefit of OpenZFS "version 5000" scheme. IIRC, one of the issues involves the layout of extended attributes. FreeBSD keeps to Solaris layout (which is essentially the same in concept to NTFS' one), while Linux for speeding up certain stuff (and because Linux can't use native xattrs to full extent anyway, due to using Irix API which is limited to PAGESIZE xattrs) has an optional feature to pack xattrs more densely. Me and few of my friends have been using ZFS on laptops for few years now (since 2013 on a laptop for me, since 2012 on a workstation). There's no real increase in power usage except for one thing, which is configurable - the transaction group commit frequency (I leave it default, a friend of mine sets it to very powersaving level coupled with running "nosync"). A quick description is that TXG write period says how often ZFS writes data that was written without syncing to disk, and commits data that was written synchronously. Every "transaction group" is essentially a snapshot, and by default it's done every 5 seconds, or every ~10? MBs written, whichever is first. Data that is written synchronously between that is written into "ZFS Intent Log", and all data written is kept in memory without sending to disk (except for sync writes). If you disable sync writes (datasets mounted sync=none), ZFS will only wake up drives for writing with the interval set in this parameter, or when you start writing significant amounts of data (where "significant" is also configurable). If you're willing to lose X seconds of writes, you can configure sync=none and transaction writes to happen every X seconds. My friend does that, myself I prefer my data safer :) That's the story on power usage with ZFS. I'd recommend maxing out memory where possible, but I recommend that even without ZFS. Then there are benefits, like recovery from snapshots (more than once I recovered a file I accidentally overwrote because I missed a '>' in '>>'), easy backup/migration with zfs send/recv. I also found it pretty easy to install multiple linux distributions using the same root pool, by giving them different root datasets and putting home directory and similar on separate dataset (on the same pool). This allowed pretty nice migration between distributions, so long as I kept UID/GID of my user the same between them. Still, even single threaded applications can be distributed across the cores by the simple fact that you can run many of them. And web browsers eat a lot these days :-| Despite short memory leading to white washing of systemd adoption history... Systemd hot big adoption jump through a single project that's been essentially controlled by Red Hat for years: GNOME. GNOME version 3.8 was broken if run without logind, which meant systemd. Officially the answer was that logind wasn't dependant on systemd. Unofficially the spec and docs were worse than MS' proprietary protocols, and most distro faced option between dropping GNOME or embracing systemd. Non Linux systems which were supported before were of course dropped totally. Canonical for short while tried to implement separate logind implementation - they gave up after short time. One OpenBSD developer spent years of time making GNOME post-3.8 usable without systemd again. Meanwhile, it was known for 2~3 years that RHEL 7 and CentOS 7 will use systemd. Essentially, Red Hat pulled an Embrace, Extend, Extinguish on other distro. it's also an evolution of ODS-2 filesystem, so... More likely is that they decided it was too much an effort for too little gain. Samsung always appeared to do little to discourage "opening up" their devices, unlike for example HTC and other Qualcomm based ones. Or because they are in endless loop of rewriting without organization or planning. Which is conclusion some pointed out based on Darwin source that we can view... I remember doing my first hackintosh, due to an attempt at a startup where we wanted to have a iOS and OSX client. The documentation blew me away, nicely packaged with XCode, and made it really look like a platform that would care about developers, especially given how niche it was. That was 10.6 time. Currently, I have a Mac forced on me by company. I look at docs... and they are the same docs I remember, with bits missing, a "deprecated banner" from 5 years ago. Deprecation notices give no information what APIs one should use in place, or where new documentation is. As someone described, Jobs focused heavily on the sale experience - anything after that, unless someone (or his own experience with his product) convinced him, was irrelevant. The moment your money parted with you, your importance ended. This was visible, among other things, in gutting departments that kept Apple alive when literally everyone else had better hw & sw - people who did long-term accounts with for example government customers, specific market areas, etc. When iPhone arrived in Europe it was disappointment for people who used smartphones. It had few things going for it (better web browser than default IE Mobile on PDAs, better screen than many), and long list of "works worse". Starting with the basic things that everyone who invested in smartphones at the time wanted, i.e. email, going through hilariously high cost (the reason behind it known only to insiders - Apple was in full rent-seeking mode, and required a portion of your phone bill as payment for being able to use iPhone. Not joking, that's why there were special iPhone-only tarriffs), it lacked physical keyboard, copy&paste, and a bunch of other things. iPhone 2G was also slower at running iOS 1.0 "applications" than higher end Nokia symbian phones (that used the same webkit core in browser). Symbian devices were well known, and were more commonly considered "smartphones", as "palmphones" generally only got interest from people who really needed the power (a bit of chicken&egg issue). That's the one time cost for purchase outside of contract... For N95. Not for iPhone, at least not for normal people. The reality in 2008 is that Apple forbid selling iPhone without contract, with contract requiring special extra Apple tax (we already had "unlimited data" for years by then). So you were paying whatever the telco asked you for the phone, then paid extra to Apple as long as you used the "iPhone tariff" (and you couldn't get it otherwise other than ebay). Since at least in Poland majority bought the phone as part of the contract, the prices were wildly different. I can't find N95, but business oriented E51 cost me under $70. Without significant impact on monthly fees on the contract. And without paying Apple tax on my phone bill. BTW, regarding visual voicemail... Little known thing about iOS 1-2 is that the network stack was broken and it wasn't capable of redirecting to voicemail like every other phone. Required special buggy software to get any voicemail for people running iPhones, and at least at Era GSM (present day T-Mobile Poland) it took 3 months from providing iPhone on sales and any voicemail working? From the PoV of someone buying a phone, in that specific time and location, cost of phone without contract was rarely ever known. And the iPhone wasn't sold outside of network with attached plan anyway. From the PoV of someone working at the network and having the luck to talk with some pretty high up there people... the exclusivity was only for order in which networks got the phone. As in, present-day T-Mobile Poland made a bid to be the first network to have it - but it didn't have any kind of long exclusivity and was soon followed by Orange and Plus (the other two "main" networks). All networks had special iPhone "plans" and the phone wasn't available outside of them, and the only technical difference was that said plans ultimately got the very buggy Visual Voicemail server attached and probably triggered workarounds for call handling bugs. The Apple tax on the phone bill itself, and making it unavailable outside of contract, were all on Apple. (I think for some time using one outside of approved contract even required jailbreaking, but I can't be sure). The US models use Qualcomm chips and are close to completely different models. That's why I mentioned Qualcomm, as the issues tended to be related to those, and I suspect the use of Qualcomm chips might be related to them having such annoying process for unlocking - and the greedy US carriers requiring that. None and none, as what you need is to alias the symbols for most lisps. hmm, I think worst case symbol-macro should work there :/ I expected specials to work in this case, but apparently not. I've sadly noticed that for last few (since 2007?) versions F1 leads you to a web page that usually is quite useless. Back on Office 2003 and earlier, I could blitz through anything low to medium complexity in Office by hitting F1 :-( When CHM arrived on the scene, ZIP was far from being treated like container format, and definitely not ubiquitous. As for XML - it's ch easier to make a stable parser that is complete and fast for XML than it is for SGML-based HTML, and indeed the was a big push towards XML everywhere... Partially because of that reason. Interestingly, the same applied AFAIK to Multics - generally, as an end user, you had one process, and everything you ran in it was loadable, run-time linkable modules. It was condemned by the city. It was not salvageable. Still does for me... Don't forget that most long-haul planes can't land at their MTOW - so the batteries need to be scaled down apropriately. the relationship between fuel efficiency and power isn't linear, especially in turbine engines - the most fuel-expensive per minute periods for passenger planes are taxiing, to the point that there are at least two options on market for electric taxi motors so that engines are started only just before the runway. Also, you need that power for emergencies. Including separate "maximum power possible" that rips engines apart that is needed on current twin jets. A lot of railway-related lobbying, at least in western europe. There was also a very visible effect of what is assumed to be deals with large retail chains, where even if the OEMs offered AMD products the retailers wouldn't carry them. There's more to it than just structural integrity - the heavier plane is generally less safe in an emergency, and despite some ideas proposed around you can't "get rid" of takeoff-power engines unless you drop Go-Around capability. > By that reasoning Microsoft didn't prevent others from writing .doc-compatible word processors either - they just defined the format as basically a memory dump of Word :) It's funny because for years MS kept officially supported, feature complete, portable format for use in interchange, while DOC being shared was kinda unintended consequence that just wasn't fought against. The very requirements of the original DOC spec required it to be a memory dump. > AMD (and ARM OoO chips) are vulnerable to Spectre variant 1 (bypass in-process array bounds checking) but not to the vast majority (any?) of the other issues which are Intel-only. > AMD chips don't have the feature that speculation failure is determined at instruction commit time when it is already too late, so most issues just can't happen. Putting memory permissions check in retirement stage of the pipeline couldn't be accidental, I say... Sounds like a great "efficiency hack". Till it fucks up. Except they still offered options, but without modularity, so you had more SKUs to track in your logistics - you still need to track the parts you solder down, except now instead of shipping a base system and being able to make a "CTO" version, or just let authorised resellers with authorised service points apply the right parts, you need to wait till a whole extra SKU gets moved through thousands of kilometers of logistic chain for your one tiny order. Maybe the experience in USA with Apple Stores is different, but when forced to buy a Mac by work recently I had to deal with some ridiculous wait times just for asking for 32G ram. Same here, and with Helm 2 it wouldn't even return an error, just silently fail with a timeout... Spent a week debugging that... They don't cache them this way. However, I'm not sure they really changed the engine underneath, and it was always designed as something that then was input to booking sites, often with filters on fares, because QPX (the engine) would show you fares that an agent with full view of GDSes would see - and sometimes the airlines don't want to sell certain fares (it already filtered the special unsellable ones of course, but it couldn't apply arbitrary policy decisions from airlines). China uses the same "Ministry of Interior Armed Forces" system as Soviet Union did. They are kept separate from PLA so that they can be the thugs without contaminating real army, and the popular opinion follows on this. So I suspect it's all interior forces, not PLA. NASA projects are endangered by politicians. The difference is that SpaceX funded reusability on their own, instead of depending on fickle funding from Congress that killed the original STS (leaving us with the one that flew and costed as much as Apollo per launch). And sometimes it wasn't Congress zit was president - like Nixon deciding to kill nuclear space propulsion for no known reason. The cutthroat politics of inter-OKB competition in Soviet Union Post Korolev's death sometimes appear milder than the indecision left after Kennedy in actually funding NASA. It's been implied that the machines might have built Zion on purpose. Including freeing first people to live in it in every iteration. The nuclear propulsion project was unrelated to Orion. And yes, the reason is unknown, because in giving his Executive Order there was no reason attached. It was nuclear thermal engines, similar were being developed in Soviet Union in fact. IT was even tested for safety in case of crashing on Earth (and could run on earth, though the target was using it in space). Under pure "will this bring immediate profit", both were wrong decisions. Building the STS as it actually flew was a wrong decision, but that wrong came out of political pressures that resulted in NASA begging USAF for money, and USAF requiring features that were never used but which killed the reusability benefit and arguably stopped US launcher R&D for better part of 30-40 years. As for no mission - the missions on the horizon are locked by available launchers and bus systems available, with NERVA engines opening significant options. Despite Congress actually voting the money into budget Nixon killed it with Executive Order, and so far I haven't seen any real explanation why, except possibly internal politics and some people's ego. C++11/C11 are not implementable on Alpha CPUs that don't have BWX extensions, BTW. This is because it requires individual bytes to be accessible in atomic way between multiple threads, which without BWX is not possible on Alpha, which started out with minimum 32bit read/writes. it's possible to build enough of their tooling from open source parts to build Mac and iOS apps on linux, but that's rather on the extreme side. And yes, that includes notarization support. Using `blitting` from and to disk for performance is how we got DOC & RTF split - with the former as "Work-In-Progress" format that was fast to save on a floppy, and the latter intended as interchange format. History turned otherwise, unfortunately... Similar in Europe. It's a big concession that some exams allow "four-function calculator", and those are generally not allowed elsewhere except sometimes you'll have a teacher make a class concerning using a calculator... and that's it. Graphing calculators are something you either are very enterprisey about, or something you start dealing with in university. My father's Casio FX series was good enough with its "record buttons" programming and basic graphing. The few times we went above and beyond with tools, it involved playing around with Maxima in high school to ease up simplification and equation solving, but we had to be careful to not become dependant on it - after all, exams allowed a 4 function calculator only. The problem is more that it is actually simple. And that simplicity allowed the creation of more and more things, all building on the simple frameworks, that work somewhat the same way. In a world where rarely do we enjoy fitting in one or two machines, and where there's a lot of moving bits to handle, that commonality, that Operating System for Data Center, is a godsend. And "simple" is not the same as "easy". K8s is a classic example of complexity arising from simple system, as there are pretty much two major algorithm ideas in the whole thing (blackboard multi agent system and OODA loop controllers). The rewrites tend to involve managerial decisions and not technical (arguably Reddit was one of the few cases where I can point to clear cut technical reasons, the reason being "we wanted to run FreeBSD and threads sucked there"). Sometimes it's internal politics (like JPL's C++ developers giving Lisp as reason for their code segfaulting...). There's quite a lot of big systems written in Lisp. Unfortunately they rarely ever were opensourced, and we get to have blinders made out of our own limited experiences and common generational knowledge loss in IT. Generally early GUI systems were black-on-white monochromatic, but switchable (and easily so, for the whole system). The thing is, which one is really better depended a lot on personal preference AND ambient light - and original systems supported both, but often assumed brightly lit room. Text mode terminals used black background, so did XY displays which used memory tubes. When graphical, bitmapped high resolution displays arrived, they nearly universally were white background with black text - but trivially switchable (starting from late 1970s) During early days of NT, if you wanted a port, you filled in a form and entered partnership where you were responsible for your system-specific code and MS cooperated with you. Majority of NT/alpha work was done by team at DEC, later Compaq. Indeed, there's no relationship between OS/2 and NT core, other than historic naming. NT is a cleaner, OO-style reimplementation of many core concepts behind VMS, to sometimes funny extent. The programming API for use by userland started out as OS/2 though. Cutler didn't stole files, as they would be pretty useless. But DEC had feathers ruffled because Cutler uprooted a team he picked for his attempt to do a modern rewrite of VMS, which Digital refused to do. And it was a good team. I have to say that I often have more problem with indentation and the like in Python or YAML, especially given the insistence that indentation means a specific amount of specific whitespace character. The lower level of S-expression serialization kind of resulted in offloading this task to editor, where it should lie, instead of burdening the developer with it. That said, even I will admit that without experiencing the fact that the editor will handle parens for you, one's experience in other languages is going to suggest bad things. How many of us ended up having to manually count "end" keywords in Pascal and the like? Still, with a proper editor (not just emacs), the experience is really, really different. The model of "contact us and we will arrange the partnership" was, IMO, very wise method of getting the ports everywhere. At one point this sparked rumours of NT/amiga due to some informal talks that never progressed anywhere, but with MS already having established a reputation of "you get an NT port, and you, and you!" And MS actually went a bit further and enforced portability by developing NT on a non-x86 platform that nobody else had (IIRC using i860) and then porting it to target platforms - of which x86 was considered a bit of a toy. This is heavily visible with how NT had to carry around a significant portion of ARC runtime so that its boot process could work on non-ARC x86. Unfortunately, they didn't prepare well enough for 64bits, and we had to wait till Windows 2000 and Itanium port to get Win64. Toilet wall graffiti and such, preserved in Pompeii, is an important archaeological resource for the understanding actual daily life of Romans. So yes, there are real, hardcore scientific papers about ancients "shitposting" each other down to "your mom" jokes. Because it shows us how people really lived. Plan 9 was a different kind of distributed that doesn't apply here. IF we used that kind of definition, then JES3 (a spiritual great-great-granddaddy of kubernetes) would be the first. Don't forget East Palo Alto. Because CONS cells aren't used only for lists, but are fundamental data type used as building blocks for few other things. As such, they are required to hold any value or reference possible, and aren't exactly amenable to different format. There is one technique which had somewhat large use, CDR-coding, based in the idea that you can tag a cell in a way that tells the system that the next field isn't a reference to a CONS cell, but the CAR of one, and thus linearize lists in memory. However, doing it fast requires a custom cpu so you can resolve this fast in transparent way, as well as it turned out to not give much benefit. However, widening gap between cpu and memory might make it attractive again... Since bits are addressable directly in Common Lisp, I found the language to be very very nice for bit twiddling. Maybe you're mixing it up with Clojure? (bit twiddling in clojure without extra libs is a PITA). 2.0 was also the "breakout" version of MS-DOS that made it win over CP/M. It did it by introducing features inspired by another Microsoft OS, the Unix for 8080 known as Xenix: - tree structured directories - pipes - output redirection - DEV directory (mostly hidden as it didn't catch on, afaik) Isn't Borg usually scaled to few rows of racks? i.e. not even spanning whole building, yet alone datacenter. There's IMA subsystem that generally does the same, providing verification for executables at least ones that are linked and loaded normally - for obvious reasons it can't exactly fix cases where you have a signed binary that loads unsigned code into itself. The system supports integration with TPM-stored keys, so you can bind to kernel verification or the whole firmware chain of trust (a question of which PCRs you end up using to bind the keys). Unfortunately, it's not well known (especially if you don't compile your own kernel reading through all the options), and generally, not many distributions look into providing it - plus everything involving SecureBoot and TPM has to deal with poisoned opinions in open source community. A very popular solution in Poland, used majorly with our local equivalent of eBay (who made and owns the system). Made "courier" delivery times the norm. Technically that's the original use case of futures contracts - you pay now , and lock the price. You might lose some (due to prices falling down, supply not fulfilling the contract) or win some (due to issues in supply, prices going up, etc.). On the other hand, the supplier gets money now , not some time in the future (like after harvest) and this provides a different kind of cash flow that doesn't invoke debt (usually). And then there's trading on the contracts all around, trying to get best prices :) Interestingly enough I had kind of the opposite experience Since I haven't done much with Java itself, the build times weren't as impactful on me. What made a big change was how IntelliJ, despite being pure Swing GUI, was order of magnitude lower latency, from as simple things as booting the whole IDE, to operating on, well, everything. Then I switched from Oracle to IBM J9 and I probably experienced yet another order of magnitude speedup. One of the worst examples is TensorFlow, which is really, really hard to use from anything other than Python The "unix way" was full of small languages, sometimes compiled to C. There's a good reason why parser generators were part of UNIX. There's a game that already did that, Sword of the Stars 2. Widely panned at release due to being forced to release old code after VCS failure, though I'd argue the only problem after patches were left was that movement logic change didn't play out well (it was a brave attempt though). Had some bad performance issues but I never tracked down whether they were related to SQLite or issues in their engine. No, I'm referring to 4X Sword of the Stars 2 itself. The Pit happened later, on a different engine (SotS2 is heavily windows-specific .NET code with DX10 dependency, iirc) Of course it does not invalidate your experiment, but I wanted to suggest maybe looking at save files from the game. It's derived from convention of /n/sources and /n/contrib and the like. Sources mounted from network fileservers from various places, etc. The git support was added to make it a bit easier outside plan9. Except glibc does not really support static linking of you want network support. Plan9 assembler syntax didn't start out on x86, and is kept the same across all platforms as much as possible. The FEP on 3600 was 68k - on Ivories FEP is normal Ivory program started from ROM. The MacIvories and UX-series embeddable systems run FEP from their ROMs, but both FEP and OS on those use "Embedded" hardware model, where they use a memory-based buffer to provide "stream" used to communicate with "Life Support" software. The VLM (Ivory rev5) systems, aka OpenGenera, don't have proper FEP (only a lisp debugger image) and in their case the LifeSupport application contains an embedded CPU implementation and implements loading of world files directly (thus bypassing the main purpose of FEP) The 'words' in this case are a very technical term, as they are the smallest addressable element, in this case 40bit-long - one word can contain half of a CONS cell, two or one instructions, a 32bit integer, a pointer (normal and forwarding), an extended character, and 1-4 array elements (including 4 simple characters aka ASCII). Genera supported in fact multiple languages, though I believe Lisp was used as intermediary representation. There was even support for C, good enough that there's a demo video of libpbg being compiled and used. There needs to be common base runtime capable of complex types, objects, runtime redefinition support, exception handling etc. Languages can vary on top of that. It's JPEG, not PNG, but here you go, a demo by Kalman Reti (one of the Symbolics' developers): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4-YnLpLgtk It shows a debug session where C code running on the lisp machine (VLM in this case, unknown variant of the VLM though) is debugged to fix JPEG decompression error. A lot of those are not minidiscs, but 5.25" and 3.5" magneto-optical or discs inspired by them. (Minidisc is actually a small MO disc, btw). In somewhat later material, DVD-RAM also shows up in caddies. But recent CFM56 engines om 737-800 disintegrating at high power does. There were two cases (with one passenger death and 8 injured) in the USA with 737-800 suffering damage after engine disintegrated in flight. More and more new airliners come with real-time monitoring, especially for engines (often a separate monitoring system with sat uplink, part of a maintenance contract for the engine) A common complaint about Itanium was that it was an overpriced DSP masquerading as general purpose CPU. K7 Athlon's actually just used EV6 bus, to the point where motherboards were compatible with each others if you made a connector adaptor and replaced firmware. I have had very unconfirmed rumour that K8 involved so much of DEC stuff (starting with it's obviously EV7-derived design) that at one point it still had support for VAX floating point... 737-800 have reported problems with engines disintegrating in flight, with two accidents, one of them in 2018 leaving 1 passenger dead and 8 injured. The CFM56 engines used appeared to have issues with detaching compressor blades. Unless the engine blades detaching ripped apart something critical, as happened several times on different aircraft, and crucially, twice on exactly this model with this engine from similar manufactuer time. Ukrainian aircraft, not Iranian. Southwest Airlines is, AFAIK, also a reputable airline. They had two accidents on this type of plane with this engine, randomly disintegrating the engine in flight. Turbine and compressor blades can cause just that. Sometimes they also cut through control lines. Sometimes they just depressurize cabin in a way that kills passenger. Recent 737-800 had two accidents confirmed to be caused by disintegrating compressor (or was it fan itself?). The southwest ones were 737-700, but "close enough" (I think the same engine, not even a different variant) Deadly one: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Southwest_Airlines_Flight_1380 Safe landing with no injuries: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Southwest_Airlines_Flight_3472 Ruptured turbine/compressor disks are known to throw, ahh, "interesting" shrapnel. And having experienced first hand how crazy the shrapnel can be from much lower speed helicopter main rotor... BTW, blade disks disintegrating had, in past, done things like completely cut all steering other than ailerons, and other "nice" damage. Restriping is source of unsafety, though. A lot of ZFS data safety comes from the fact it doesn't support overwriting anything, making it so that normal operation can't introduce unrecoverable corruption. In fact, all writes are done through snapshots. It was treated more like "ok, yet another person complaining about it - here's what you need to implement, and why you won't". The indirection tables are survivable for fixing short term mistakes, though. There's AFAIK still a small but stable user base of larger (5.25" & 3.5") MO drives - usually in specific backup purposes, sometimes in combination or as replacement of WORM drives. Usually for legally mandated copies. The OS in Jurassic Park (the original movie) was plain Irix running accelerated GL X11, with a well known demo program for 3D. > > How long ago is that? > 1973. > From http://www.softwarepreservation.org/projects/LISP/maclisp_fa... . , "This reports the results of a test in which a compiled MacLisp floating-point program was faster than equivalent Fortran code. The numerical portion of the code was identical and McLisp used a faster subroutine-call protocol." > Original article: https://www.deepdyve.com/lp/association-for-computing-machin... . To add some more detail, the public description MACLISP floating point code being faster than Fortran, was published about 7 months before public unveiling of UNIX and when C was just taking more solid shape in it. Note that JPL had many people using Lisp - in fact, it was C++ that was relative newcomer. A lot of aerospace real-time environments are still geared for Ada, and while C/C++ are available they are not the same as "vanilla" C/C++. Also, is there really C-specific support in a good RTOS? Probably doubtful, except for inertia or presence of header files if they expose them. I recall that one of the demos included with some versions of Irix was a multiplayer fighter combat simulator, one of the first users of IP multicast :D Still done by the same incompetents (but with good sales team in parent company). At least it's on board. ODIN being in the cloud is nothing new - a big pain point with ALIS is the fact that it's cloud based . In this case the chances of success are even lower, given the track record of the company doing it. Which involves as stellar things as delivering a not-working (but "valid under contract" so we couldn't sue them) system for logistics management (everything from ensuring parts are on the shelves to assigning jobs to technicians and pilots for a mission) that we later found was rebranded broken car logistics support software, something that was found 3 years post original delivery date by new employee of a team working on fixing it - which meant we had to rework a crucial module. Said software had gems like JS copied from geocities in 1998 handling drop down menus (which were broken unless very specific browser versions were used) - in 2012. (original delivery date was 2009~2010). The "redo" contract is going to the same guys who just did the failure, and I've seen no mention of removal of one of the bigger pain points, which was use of cloud . In a system like that, ordering parts is one of the least important elements. It covers things like tracking wear&tear of components so that you know when to replace parts, and more importantly, know when to schedule repairs - it's crucial that you have well-planned maintenance that ensures maximum availability of aircraft, so you need to stagger them - which is non-trivial to do. That's probably the "MVP" level, which to be practical might involve tons of other stuff. On a predecessor to ALIS for a different plane, even planning a mission went through it - you had someone come to you with requirements, and you'd arrange which plane, which pilots, which technicians to prepare it for flight, where are the tools they need for it, generate a fueling chart, everything based on the availability and qualifications. Once the plane returned from mission, you'd enter various flight data, including stuff like "how many rounds the autocannon fired" so that the underlying MRP system could calculate maintenance dates and the like. The ultimate goal is that you have a squadron that has maximum possible availability so it can fulfill its job in the air, without surprise maintenance (or worse - stuff breaking down) foiling your mission plans, and where your stores contain enough of all materiel necessary. ALIS covered, AFAIK, all elements of logistics for F-35, a giant integrated system. Great on paper as the top level idea, everything got worse the more you got into implementation of the goals. I heard of rebasing where the bringup of local ALIS node took longer than the whole rebased mission. Downloading flight records post-flight would take longer than the flight. Planes that won't fly unless connection with "cloud" part of ALIS (all hosted centrally in USA) was done at least once a month. Gigantic amounts of data you had to transfer between "cloud" and local instance, making it more than problematic to run on ships equipped with F-35B and F-35C. And of course the fact that data packages describing the operation theater can be generated only by one or two labs in USA (good luck, export customers!)... which is part of the ALIS cloud (and now ODIN cloud), which also is hosted by Lockheed Martin in USA. Now that I think of it, ALIS explains significant portion of the money USAF puts into Starlink as its only customer... All avionics are done these days in the form of communicating microservices, the main difference is that scheduling and routing is static and assigned upfront. Welfare for the corporate offices of Lockheed-Martin. I'm not sure how well they pay, given the level of crap they deliver, at least in L-M Global Training & Logistics (the actual vendor for ALIS and ODIN). True, I think back with the unnamed project I mentioned, we had an idea to do basic automation for that, a button that would send a message on JMS to another system that would print it for the mechanics or in future pass it over to procurement directly. But we were stuck moving what was supposed to be just deployment into "actually useful for something" state, including rewriting more and more of the code (because L-M license forbid us from modifying their code...) Small Modular reactors like SVBR-100 fit your model better - that's 100-600 MW that is inherently safe (even if you rupture the reactor vessel), doesn't use much cement (it's mostly metal construction) and is quite small and can be well distributed. Main issue is that they consume a lot of bismuth, which unlike lead (other important ingredient in SVBR-100) doesn't have high production as is. They are designed to be controlled in whatever manner the client chooses, unlike certain US proposals that put a shutoff switch in hands of US government, and are explicitly designed to have little to no proliferation risks. The idea is that you would have local technicians running small sets of modular reactors feeding steam for power and heat generation, with the design directed towards distributed, locally controlled deployment. For minimal proliferation risk, they can run in closed fuel cycle, meaning the whole unit is shipped back to plant for refueling - there's no encasing in cement, as the whole module is designed to be loaded on a flatcar even in open (refueling in-situ) variant. In fact, the lead-bismuth coolant, coupled with passive heat removal systems, mean that the coolant "self-seals" the system. This can lead to somewhat funny observations, for example that leaks of radioactive polonium (from irradiated lead) are less dangerous than high-temperature water in BWR (which turns into mix of hydrogen and oxygen, which risks explosions). The radioactive polonium has short half-life and experience shows it to be of little danger even when coolant leaked from predecessor of the SVBR reactor. They are also fast reactors, meaning they burn down much more of the radioactive material, and as such they eliminate most of the waste problems. So it removes one of the biggest benefits of remote work, ability to concentrate? AFAIK there is certain level of active development, though it was for a long time only one person, but also the general code is kept clean and portable, and it's mostly the occassional middleware that is an issue. I think the approach from some remote companies, which involved dedicated display with a camera that was _usually_ on (but could be _switched off_, just like closing doors to your office!) would be better than this "walkie-talkie" I did. I see no mention of special do not disturb handling, instead high value placed on others being able to start voice communication without waiting for you to accept - the only thing that is opt-in is answering them, by the time your attention is already wrecked. The resigned me would accept that DND mode because somehow it would be made hard to work without this software, possibly with HR involved. The naive me would think there's going to be something better or that people would actually respect that. The cynical experienced me wants a progressively higher level of pain delivered before you can call someone in DND mode. A big problem is that many people will ultimately ignore DND anyway. Fast reactors can burn waste pretty well, as few other designs. However, it's politically problematic because it involves using plutonium burning (not as fuel, but produced in the reactor while burning down uranium). This is not liked by certain governments, even if theoretically NPT gives a framework to do it safely, and large scale commercial reprocessing essentially died after India used Canada-built CANDU reactors to kickstart their nuclear weapons program. Fast reactors as well as other specialized designs can burn down fuel that is currently stored as "waste", and just don't produce such long-lived isotopes. For examples, the half-life of output products from uranium-fueled SVBR-100 is ~550 years, and that can be reduced further by several technologies that are now available. One interruption an hour is enough to result in me not being able to get anything done for the whole day... Actually, I'm starting to think I lost ability to concentrate because of that. There might be benefit from some of the extra bits available (the specific GPU in Mac Pro is not exactly easy to replicate elsewhere as it's a custom twin GPU setup with extra bus for cooperation with another unit if necessary) + the FPGA codec card that might be exploited by the stuff he does for work. Replacing a software-only codec with hw accelerator card would go a long way to explain performance difference. A crucial difference is that, ultimately, 777X is a much smaller plane with easier operations compared to huge A380. It needs no new special handling compared to the existing 777, which already had a higher amount of airports available as destinations, if only because it didn't need two-level tunnels for speedy embarkation/disembarkation. Also, 777 has always served the long distance market, and this plane is essentially an extension for it without many of the downsides of both A380 and 747 Actually the opposite. Had 737MAX gone the way of 777, there would have been no MCAS - but it would involve significant rework of control system, new avionics, and a lot of training. The core difference is that even the original 777 is a Fly-By-Wire system with programmed behaviour, in fact it was a well known case study in building civilian safe FBW systems. Because of that, there's no need to "patch over" differences like it was done with MCAS, as the minute adjustments can be done across the whole flight envelope protection system that is already there since first 777. In fact, 787 controls are derived from that and use software adjustment extensively in order to make control surface generate less drag yet still be usable. That's the magic of displayport for you. It won't do that on HDMI, except with active converted from DP to HDMI :) Combine it with a data-safety oriented systems like ZFS and your only issue will be downscaling storage without downtime (though that can also be worked around, if in slightly less safe manner, by putting ZVOLs on thin allocations on SAN) Does either support IMEs, accessibility (across all platforms)? There's more to a good modern UI toolkit than just drawing the GUI, and I don't mean the utility libs that used to be important but honestly aren't anymore, but things that are part of UI/UX like accessibility and apropriate integration with OS features for it. GTK, QT, wxWidgets all support accessibility. And Cocoa/UWP are not the end all, be all of platforms where one might want an accessible GUI program. Making three different GUI codebases is right out, IMO, for most cases I'm looking at, and libraries that have zero support for accessibility don't get a pass (thus I have no interest in any imgui solution, as they are inimical to accessible UI). The news about Qt unfortunately mean I have to consider whether to put effort into upgrading the toolkit I have to Qt5 (or wait for Qt6 but still have a sword of damocles over me) :/ No, that was for loading IFF keys for Austrian fighters, a completely unrelated issue. With F-35, the data packages necessary for operation in given theater are generated in one or two laboratories in USA, and so far there were no guarantees of anyone getting one of their own. In addition, ALIS was dependant on Lockheed-maintained servers in USA by design, something that made it problematic even for US forces as the amounts of data that had to be transferred were too big for ship-based units - and you needed to sync at least once a month to ensure the aircraft is capable of flying. And check your metaphors before using them. The pencil was more expensive. People seem to forgot, but majority move to systemd was caused by GNOME not working on systems without it, while the API it depended on was made near impossible to implement outside of systemd (the docs were incomplete and incorrect, etc). That was the tipping point for systemd adoption, caused by incestuous relationship between systemd, GNOME, and Fedora. I heard once of a team mourning the end of Sopranos, because that one TV show ensured that they didn't have to work on Sundays - because their VP would watch it instead of ordering them to prepare new stuff for Monday morning meeting. It was actually part of government-mandated standards when selecting architectural plans for new neighbourhoods - they had rates for expected amounts of children of various age to size nursery, kindergarten, schools of all levels, etc., had to calculate in healthcare locations, kid playgrounds, minimal distances between buildings, availability of shops, etc. All of that was of course for greenfield neighbourhoods, though some work went into maintaining such standards in brownfield locations as well. Modern CPUs can be efficient target for C, but that's mostly because C standard is full of "undefined behaviour" for a ton of stuff - so that compilers can do weird things to optimize for hardware. The "Equal transit time" is one of the "lie to children" explanations of lift. In fact, classic wings depend on inequal speed caused by a vortex behind the wing - which is also an oversimplified model. Such "bootstrap" vortex causes an opposite vortex to form around the wing, giving difference in speed of air on both sides. Once you have the airflow in the right way, Bernoulli's principle gives you lift. That's the very simplified version of a simplified explanation used in aviation teaching materials :) An inclined plane provides enough force... at ridiculous speeds - generally you need to start with either very, very light vehicle, or supersonic speeds. The angle of attack is important in kickstarting and keeping running various phenomena that ultimately result in pressure differential between both sides of the lifting body (be it wing or other shape). The article is... bad. Very bad. Doubleplusungood bad, in fact. I recommend checking out https://www.grc.nasa.gov/www/k-12/airplane/lift1.html which is much more complete explanation, and written for school age children - without the usual "lie to children" part that is common till you hit fluid dynamics at university level. Official numbers say 1TB, which is probably what was "validated" and the real numbers are "how many JEDEC-compatible ranks can you fit before the signal degrades too much", as was the norm with AMD. They don't put artificial limits on CPUs That's more a motherboard problem, as TR itself supports registered memory and the same goes for its firmware. After Congress pulled critical funding for a good and actually cheap in use Shuttle, DoD poured money with caveat of requirements that killed shuttle economy long term, many of the requirements never being executed (like polar orbits from Vandenberg) There are also turn-key OS7 and OS9 apps that can be run under Catalina with minimal fuss Also plating their asses in armor. Worst code I ever dealt with was from Lockheed-Martin, worse than scientist's calculation code, as that one tended to work at some point in time. outside of CEOs personal assistants, I have trouble encountering any within last 5 years - and the secretarial staff was visibly getting downsized at university before that, handling mostly the mail room Viaweb started a year after complex web applications were done, including White House information system using COMLINK system built on CL-HTTP (designed at Intelligent Information Infrastructure Project at MIT AI Lab). I think I've also seen GUI apps exported over HTTP using clickable image maps and early tricks for streaming images. Viaweb was one of the first "make your own shop" web applications, yes. Not first web application. As for Lisp - in computing circles, it was very big name, at least in places that weren't on the low-end side. The Second AI Winter was at the time heavily kicking it by association, and big name companies had just went under (Symbolics, TI shuttering Explorer line, etc.) That's on the people doing reduction though. There should be an active policy of reduction information siloing that is active all the time, especially for a big corporation like that. Oracle can't go after CDDL licensed work - VirtualBox extension pack wasn't CDDL or even open source project. It also speaks about the quality of users as a whole - we somehow forgot to RTFM at all or lead people to documentations, simultaneously accepting lack of documentation in a vicious cycle. Then they can pay market value for the use of land, IMO. Subsidized grazing costs should come with rider "we can change the rules". Standard Windows bootloader already does that, it's part of supported deployment flow in highest security setting - in fact part of why MS requires that computers with certain Windows-related branding (the part about stickers "designed for windows" etc., I just don't remember which one) have to enable end users to replace platform keys. There are two keys distributed by MS - one for Windows, one for third party applications. The latter one is used by Linux shim bootloader and the like. MS also requires that all devices that are supposed to be "full featured" support replacing all keys and loading user keys, and the highest security deployment setup for Windows Enterprise requires that you sign windows bootloader (or, more likely, sign the hash of the specific binary you are using) yourself. The basic procedure is as follows: - Remove all keys (switch to Setup mode) - Setup your own PKI and platform keys - Sign hash of specific EFI files and load those signatures into EFI The last part doesn't require modifying files themselves, as you're locking specific files. The firmware will make a hash of the file, and verify that it's on permitted list (the list is signed) For OEM to allow reinstall done "normally", yes. But DB entries can also contain SHA-256 hashes of the image to load (with the image stripped of the signature, which btw allows you to also resign it). https://blog.hansenpartnership.com/the-meaning-of-all-the-ue... https://www.nsa.gov/Portals/70/documents/what-we-do/cybersec... The signatures are, IIRC, checked in order, so a resigned BootMgr won't impact verification of WinLoad, etc. As for abusing signed bootloader, the full process depends on verifying that the signed bootloader appropriately handles TPM, which is then also coupled with an encrypted disk, which in turn works to prevent loading unsanctioned code. Of course, it's possible to defeat this, but the idea is to frustrate the efforts and raise the cost of an attack, as well as give you a longer timeframe to deal with an attack. And if it doesn't, it was always possible to break GKE state into "offering" node types that were not supported. Source: me, using preemptible instances for a year before they got into GKE ;-) Modifying instance group templates is your friend. That's not part of the threat model - the encrypted data is lost, the point of the defences are to prevent damage to things accessible from that specific machine, not to prevent stealing the machine. Only so long as they don't decide that not following the law vigorously isn't better for any reason. Said reason might not be well thought through. DRM was added to DP later on, IIRC, it wasn't part of original standard. HDMI adding audio and DRM was the core of the proposal, plus a connector that was more consumer friendly. No, that's the threat model that most clients that require high security have (the machine is often nigh-infinitely cheaper than the data and access rights), and MS, surprise, explicitly insists (in difference to secure boot spec) that owner of the physical machine is, well, it's owner and can reinstall, resell, etc. IIRC, Bulgaria was among the countries that got "assigned" the low-end of ES EVM that were pushed everywhere, and of course, the low-end machines were much more common than medium/high end produced elsewhere. A significant issue was ossification of nomenklatura, essentially oligarchic rent-seeking across management. It was their backlash that stripped Khrushchev of power, as he pushed for reforms that endangered their power (I wouldn't call them "democratic" reforms but they included more power to common man and better feedback loops) Garbage Collection is from 1959, though - and Unix & C's original model pretty much matches "bump allocate then die" with sbrk/brk and lack of support for moving. Fully static allocation is the norm though for most "small" embedded work. DO-178C, actually, but good pointer. Google made logic riddles disallowed on interviews by over a decade ago (I think 2005? plus-minus few years), yet they are still thought to ask them. Despite it being a turn of the decade 1980/1990 Microsoft thing. The problem is that they are composed as riddles, with the whole thing made so that unless you trained yourself on solving riddles, you might not figure out that it's a fermi problem. Meanwhile asking questions that are grounded in the actual work you're going to have the candidate do, often gets you people making the estimation even if they haven't heard of Fermi Estimation, ever. That's what makes them riddles, to me, and mostly useless BS in actual interview. The thing you miss is that your assumptions of "things everybody knows" are not necessarily correct. Many common examples of interview riddles that are defended as "it's just Fermi Estimation!" end up "memorise, interview, forget" method for many people, because there's close to total disconnect between assumed background knowledge and actual background knowledge (a question I encountered recently asked for estimate of revenue of an MLB stadium. If not for being spelled immediately after, my questioning would start with "wtf is MLB?"). Then there is the other part, namely that unless you don't know (memorise) certain common tropes of a Fermi quiz, you might understand the question as asking correct answer, not showing that you can use random number for most of the input data. That said, I have been asked things that are fermi estimation problems on interviews that didn't suck and didn't feel like pointless riddles of Mensa wanna-bees. They tended to be based on the work problems, thus allowing to have a real and concrete expectation that the interviewee shares the background knowledge (in fact, part of the reason for the question might be checking if they do share that knowledge!). That kind rarely gets the flak of "how many piano tuners in city of Chicago". Note that I mentioned asking interviewee for estimates related to the job - that is an understandable assumption, as the question touches on knowledge and experience that is a priori known to be relevant. OTOH, especially if you're interviewing internationally, using "common knowledge" instead of job/technology area related one? Pretty much a fail, helped along with books dedicated to memorising bullshit questions. Another issue is that the typical "fermi problem" is stated in absolute, precision way. Ask "how would you estimate X" and you'd probably get good answers even from people who don't memorize interview gotchas. Caches, scratch drives for compilation or whatever other disk intensive process you had, etc. Heavy industrial models were the ancestors of today's all-flash SAN arrays, later common in hybrid ram+flash. RAMsan was one of the major vendors. Had seen too many burned out MBP usb-c ports to believe that nothing will explode... I think I've seen some in person in 2008 used for, IIRC, some form of coordination in Oracle RAC. No. SAN = Storage Area Network. Essentially networked block devices. a RAMsan array would terminate multiple 1-4Gbit links and provide a very fast block device (possibly subdivided into logical devices) that would be used by other computers. The contents were persistent, through battery storage + UPSes etc. > This is great feedback, but clusters should be treated like cattle, not pets. I'd love to learn more about why your clusters must be so static. Clusters often are not "cattle". If your operation is big enough, then yes, they might be. Usually they aren't, they are named systems and represent mostly static entity, even if the components of said entity change every hour. Personally, I'm running in production a cluster that by now had witnessed upgrades from 1.3 to 1.15, in GKE, with some deployments running nearly unchanged since then. Treating it as cattle makes no sense, especially since on API level, the clusters aren't volatile elements. Like every "special offer for startups", it's a vulture waiting for funding round to close. Unfortunately, even if they switch to dynamically started clusters, the latency of spinning a new cluster is much higher than the latency of adding a bunch of preemptible nodes to existing node pool :/ Someone already mentioned that public endpoints aren't good benchmarks. But there are many performant SPARQL-enabled databases (back when I wrote my Master's in 2014, that even included Oracle), and they are indeed quite performant - though there are details like batch/realtime materialization and the like. In my experience, AllegroGraph was pretty fast enough (apparently someone even uses it now to translate between HL7 schemas of multiple providers in USA) Both Prolog and SPARQL/RDF/Semantic Web are used at scale and pretty extensively. Unfortunately often behind closed doors, but there are very performant systems involved. URIs and RDF in general don't need to use public HTTP links or anything like that, meanwhile the layered systems like OWL and RDFS provide some impressive features for implementing complex systems, especially when you actually want to use a semantic graph instead of loosely-schemed bag of nodes and vertices common in non-RDF graph databases. REST is often used as a very, very limited transport model for a two-bit, buggy, incomplete and incoherent clone of SOAP, yes. Unfortunately, neither REST nor SOAP are understood by majority of developers writing code for them (to this day, I insist that the real issue with SOAP was people using IDE code generation without ever studying how SOAP works) That only means that the "named system" moves upwards, somewhere. It doesn't mean you don't have "pets". P.S. I consider "pet vs cattle" to be a horrible metaphor that should be taken behind the barn and short like the diseased plague bearer it is. I think it's more a question of whether the "hooks" caught or not. Sometimes you're just different enough from target model that it backfires. Except it's actually a superset of those simplistic models. It's just not getting the "kool" looks and gushing reviews, mostly written by people who totally missed all the previous research. Which is a common problem all around in computing. From my knowledge, pretty much all FAANGs got their own tooling in place before k8s went public, covering those same issues. Now imagine you have to do it from scratch. My first production k8s use was actually due to resource efficiencies. We looked at the >50 applications we had to serve, the technical debt that would lead us down the road of building customized distribution to avoid package requirements incompabilties, and various other things, and decided to go with containers - just to avoid the conflicts involved. Thanks to k8s, we generally keep to 1/5th of the original cost, thanks to bin packing of servers, and sleep sounder thanks to automatic restarts of failed pods, ability to easily allocate computing resources per container, globall configure load balancing (we had to scratch use of cloud-provider's load balancer because our number of paths was too big for URL mapping API). Everything can be moved to pretty much every k8s hosting that runs 1.15, biggest difference would be hooking the load balancer to the external network and possibly storage. It seems to be. When you start implementing something, you'll soon find that most of that complexity is inherent, not accidental. Been there, done that, didn't even get the T-Shirt. Today it's much easier to package nicer API on top of the rather generic k8s one. There are ways to deploy it easier (in fact, I'd wager that a lot of complexity in deploying k8s is accidental due to deploy tools themselves, not k8s itself. Just look at OpenShift deploy scripts...) That's more for minikube, which is a few minutes to run, as it is specifically for developer to test things locally on their computer. The basic concepts in k8s are also pretty easy to learn, provided you go from the foundations up -- I have a bad feeling a lot of people go the opposite way. Having worked with ECS 2.0 when Fargate was released, the setup was much harder to use from operations standpoint the moment you needed anything more complex (not to mention any kind of state) than k8s. Just getting monitoring out of AWS was annoyance involving writing lambda functions to ship logs... Reminds me of the business trying to reduce our spend on VMware licenses while keeping the same architecture. A high level person actually asked me to reimplement vCenter :| From experience: Plain docker - hell on earth. Literally some of the worst stuff I had to deal with. A noticeable worsening vs. running the contents of the container unpacked in /opt/myapp. Heroku, Dokku - Very depends . A dance between "Simple and works" and "Simple and Works but my Startup is bankrupt". K8s - Do I have more than 1-2 custom deployed applications? Predictable cost model, simple enough to manage (granted I might be an aberration), easy to combine infrastructural parts with the money-making parts. Strong contender vs Heroku-like, especially on classic startup budget I have ~62 apps (that's applications, not instances) deployed on kubernetes right now, for single client. It started out on 2 VMs with I think 2-4 cpus, already running kubernetes. The actual containers inside ran lighttpd and served static files while we fixed up the sites that we have mirrored as static to run in containers. If we had to run one, or maybe few of those sites, it would have been easy to run a single Apache + mod_php + vhost. We would have some annoying work to do on monitoring and logging side. But we have 62. Some of them are mutually incompatible to run on "standard" distro, as they have mutually exclusive dependencies (for example, PHP versions). This meant we ended up with containers to manage this in somewhat doable way (we are two people). We can't expend manpower to do a complete redo of the apps, though we have ideas on that (to go to single common CMS system for all of them). K8s saved our sanity. Because those "simple apps" altogether made for hard to manage setup, and the client doesn't like when they are not available, so we brought up HA as well. Doing this as separate VMs would be hard and expensive. Doing it on Heroku is expensive - I made a calculation, and our original setup would result in somewhere around ~1800 USD a month. Our 2016-2017 spend on GCP (GKE, Cloud SQL, a VM to host Gitlab + network traffic and DNS) was around 1000/month. It's IMO much easier if you don't run complex CNIs, but unfortunately not everyone can afford that :( Plain docker (no swarm etc.) for practical purposes resulted in containers that were in weird position when it comes to decoupling from the host OS. Integration with init system was abysmal. Docker daemon had its own conventions it wanted to follow. Unless you ensure that the state of the docker daemon is deleted on reboot, you could have weird conditions when it tried to handle starting the containers by itself. A very easy thing to use for developer, a pretty shitty tool (assuming no external wrappers) on server. One of the greatest joys of k8s for me was always "it abstracts docker away so I don't have to deal with it, and it drops pretty much all broken features of docker" And articles like the submission often have "let me write an contrarian article for internet points, who cares about details" feel to me :/ K8s solved very real problems that might not be seen when you're running one app, shitty standard syslog and cloud-provided database. But those problems still exist, and k8s provided real, tangible benefit in operation where you don't need to remember thousand and one details of several services, because you have a common orchestration to use as abstraction. It also allows to pocket more money instead of paying it to employee. Remember, many people in USA believe that corporation has duty to increase shareholder value. And similar stupid ideas. It would be solvable with compositing XServer, like Xsgi. Unfortunatelyh X.Org is based on the lowest-common denominator code, and nobody dared to make a redesign that would really split from the X.Org mission of "providing a code dump for vendors to start working" No, that's not what "fiduciary duty" means. Fiduciary duty means that the board is supposed to be honest with the shareholders and not actively work against the corporation . That does not mean, in fact, that they are required to put growth of shareholder value to any respect. Shareholders take a risk in their investment, mitigated by making it more fluid as they can easily trade the shares compared to more traditional investments. There's however no law that holds a figurative gun to the heads of corporation that their duty is to increase the value of those shares. The guess is a big miss, yes. Assuming certain pruning is done that I can see, we would reduce it to maybe 40-50. They are all separate concerns, independent from each other, the pruning would merge the most mergable elements back (those are, honestly, a tech debt and I'd welcome replacing them with one common app). BTW, those 62 apps? They map to ~260 domain names. Those domain names and what shows when you go there are what the client is paying us for. I mostly use it, but I also tend to keep to stable features so that running on-prem is also relatively simple. My biggest cryparty story when it comes to on-prem kubernetes is not actually due to kubernetes, but due to Red Hat. There are words I could say about their official OpenShift deployment scripts and their authors, but I would be rightly banned for writing them. Biggest issues I've encountered involve things on the interface between "classic distro" and running k8s on top of it, and that goes down when you move towards base OS that is more optimized for k8s (for example flatcar). When it comes to the size of team involved, I'd say keeping "classic" stack with loadbalancers, pacemaker, custom deployment methods etc. was comparable effort - at least if we're matching feature for feature what I'd see on "base" k8s on-prem setup (and based on "what I wish I had, or that I could replace with k8s, back in 2016 for an on-prem project). There's one thing, however, where it gets much harder to deploy k8s and I won't hide it - when you're dealing with random broken classic infrastructure with no authority to change it. K8s gets noticeably harder when you need to deal with annoying pre-existing IP layouts because you can't get IP address space allocated, when you have to sit on badly stretched L2 domains, where the local idea of routing is OSPF - or worse, static routes to gateway and a stretched L2. To the point that sometimes it's easier to setup a base "private cloud" (I like VMware for this) on the physical machines, then setup the hosts on top of that - even if you're only going to have one VM per hypervisor. The benefits of abstracting possibly broken infrastructure are too big. Indeed - Back when the two alternatives were very alpha quality rktnetes and hypernetes , I was already full of joy that I was seeing the end of docker on server. Since then we got CRI-O and life looks even better. AWS RDS is pretty nice, and 95% of the time you won't even notice any problems (it is , however, pretty complex like all of AWS and there are ways to wedge yourself into weird condition). Generally, if you don't have specific and well reasoned motivation to deploy a database (assuming your stack is based on DB supported by RDS) on your own, and you're running in AWS, it's a no brainer. As for EBS, remember that the SLAs for EBS are not the same as for S3, and that EBS volumes can be surprisingly slow (especially in IOPS terms once you go above certain limit, I don't have the numbers in cache at the moment). So it's important to have good backup/recovery/resiliency plan for anything deployed on EC2 or dependant on EBS volumes. Planning for speed is mostly a case when you do need a more custom datastore than offerred by AWS. Remember that AWS definitely prefers applications that go all vendor lock-in for various higher-level options from them, or ones that are at least "cloud native". Replicating an on-prem setup usually ends up in large bills and lower availability for little to no gain. And I'll be blunt that CloudWatch, especially logs, aren't all that hot in actual use. It might have gotten better, but all places I worked for last two years if they used AWS they depended on their own log aggregation, even if using AWS-provided Elastic Search. Congratulations to repl.io team on rediscovering Symbolics Lisp Machine's Dynamic Windows / Common Lisp Interface Manager's presentation and listener systems! Not being sarcastic, even - it's a pretty powerful approach that deserves better, unfortunately distribution of knowledge in Computing Science, especially historical knowledge if you never encountered it yourself, is pretty hard. IANAL, but it doesn't read to me like a requirement to increase profits for shareholders, but requirement for "good stewardship" of the investment. But that's beyond my knowledge on this matter :) Hey, at least you got VXLAN! And OSPF! Though I do have reasons to dislike it from past life as network admin, and somehow there are no integrations - or at least none I found - for integrating things into OSPF routing area (like with ExaBGP). Dealing with overstretched VLANs where somehow, somehow, STP ("What is that RSTP you're telling us about?") decided to put a "trung" across random slow link >_> Like Philips Hue v1? :) Well, "local net" first, it originally had no "cloud" support. It all depends on how many applications you really have to run. When you have one application, can depend on vendored services for some of the infra, or have sufficiently small requirements for extra services, it all works pretty well. Helps if you also don't do due diligence on various things (like actually caring about logging and monitoring), so you scratch out those concerns. This is not even half sarcastic, people went pretty far with that. You might probably still spend more time than you think on actual deployment and management due to lack of automation & standardization, but if you're sufficiently small on the backend it works. When the number of concerns you have to manage rises and you want to optimize the infrastructure costs, things get weirder. Kubernetes' main offering is NOT scaling. It's providing a standardized control plane you can use to reduce the operational burden of managing often wildly different things that are components in your total infrastructure build - Things like infrastructural metrics and logging, your business metrics and logging, various extra software you might run to take care of stuff, making it easier to do HA, abstract away the underlying servers so you don't have to remember which server hosted which files or how the volumes were mounted (it can be as easy as classic old NFS/CIFS server with a rock-solid disk array, you just don't have to care about mounting the volumes on individual servers). It makes it easier to manage HTTPS routing in my experience (plop an nginx-ingress-controller with a host port, do a basic routing setup to push external HTTP/HTTPS traffic to those nodes that run it, get the bliss to forget about configuring individual Nginx configs anymore --- or use your cloud's Ingress controller, with little configuration difference!). In my experience, k8s was a force multiplier to any kind of infrastructure work, because what used to be much more complex, even with automation tools like Puppet or Chef, now had a way to be nicely forced into packages that even self-arranged themselves on the servers, without me having to care about which server and where. Except for setting up a node on-prem, or very rare debug tasks (that usually can be later rebuilt using k8s apis to get another force-multiplier), I don't have to SSH to servers except maybe for fun. Sometimes I login to specific containers, but that falls under debugging and tweaking the applications I run, not the underlying infrastructure. That's the offering - whether it is right for you, is another matter. Especially if you're in cash-rich SV startup, things like Heroku might be better. For me, the costs of running on PaaS are higher than getting another full-time engineer... and we manage to run k8s part-time. When you need to run more than 1-2 applications, especially in HA, and you're cost-conscious so just throwing tons of machines in autoscaling groups doesn't work for you. Said applications don't have to be applications that you're writing as part of your startup. It can be ElasticSearch cluster, Redis, tooling to run some kind of ETL that happens to be able to reuse your k8s cluster for task execution, CI/CD, etc. etc. Considering that once you get through possibly high upfront cost, it greatly simplifies operational side, I often get the feeling that the "you are not Google" crowd misses the operational side completely, or looks at it through rose-tinted glasses. In another recent thread, I mentioned running ~62 apps on kubernetes, and people asking if it could be simplified to less. They are mostly plain old PHP webapps, non-trivial amount of them Wordpress (shudduer), some done in random frameworks, some with ancient dependencies, some in node.js, one was ruby, etc. They are the equivalent of good old shared hosting stuff. With kubernetes, we generally manage them in much simplified form, and definitely much cheaper than hosting multiple VMs to work around issues in conflicting dependencies at distro level or keeping track of our own builds of PHP. We also run CI/CD on the same cluster. Ingress mechanics mean we have vastly simplified routing. Yes, we cheat a lot by using GKE instead of our own deployment of k8s, but we can manage that too, it's just cheaper that way. Pretty much smooth sailing with little operational worries except the fact that Google's stackdriver IMO sucks :) Openshift wraps around Kubernetes, with some of their own special offering stuff on it. Generally, plain K8s is a building block - RedHat made Openshift with a bunch of opinionated choices, geared towards enterprise deployments, some of them migrating later to Kubernetes itself (OpenShift's Route inspired K8s' Ingress ), some OpenShift cribs from K8s (Istio becoming part of OpenShift by default in OS 4). Generally OpenShift heavily targets enterprises as "All-in-One" package. Some of that works, some doesn't, but honestly it's often more a case of the IT dept that manages the install ;) Except installing OpenShift. That's horrific. Someone should repent for the install process, seriously. Sometimes inertia is all that is needed... That's why sometimes you have people (like me) speeding through the daily standup so that the manager will be late... The problem of command economies aren't related to being command economies, they tend to be related to communications. A market is a form of communication, with various forces that are supposed to balance themselves. Many of them actually outside of market (the supposed anti-monopoly aspect heavily depends on externalities preventing concentration, like slow travel/shipping, non trade barriers, etc.) A slightly related issue is that airline pilots need to fly certain amount of time/operations to remain in current training. Part of the big problem with reactivating MiG-29 squadrons in Poland after the "aftermarket mods" resulted in grounding was that even the instructors lost the legal right to examine training level. It doesn't have to be an authoritarian state, nor do you need the concept of "face". It happens often enough in corporations. Which arguably are authoritarian... (with rare exceptions). Current client wrote-in a stupid policy into intermediate vendor's contract that I have to use a Mac. Nothing, absolutely nothing that is used in the company is related to the Mac. In fact, a lot of the tools we use would work better on Windows, and many people use Windows. The Macs for direct employees are used as perks. One of the biggest signals is always the price of fuel. You need a ton of signals to actually interpret the condition of an airline. It involved flooding various airports (especially in Canada) with planes that were already in the air destined to USA, others ended up diverting inside USA, generally lots of congestion and abnormal parking. Slots are used to regulate congestion in normal conditions. The point of the rule is "use it or lose it" - if you don't fly routes that can be boarded by passengers, you have to make space for another airline to compete. Making it possible to just reserve space would result in obvious approach of squatting, especially when it's cheaper than flying a plane in. United States has only 3 Class 3 Airports (same number as Poland), only one of them on official IATA list. Unless you fly to/from/through NYC or D.C., your domestic flight doesn't touch any slot, and thus avoids the reason for flying empty. I'm not sure if I have ever heard of any budgeting that didn't have exactly that problem. Perhaps budgeting on specific problems? That still might require separating budget for headcount.... I have yet to touch OpenShift 4 - every environment that used OpenShift that I worked with professionally except for some testing runs was air-gapped to some extent from internet, something that is not supported on OpenShift 4, and which was treated as a crucial requirement by the customer deploying OpenShift. Having used both, my experience is that I can make Ruby fast, while making Python fast starts with "let's stop using python in this code path" ... On the digression of efficiency... treating efficiency as something you solve by throwing more machine resources at is causing recognizable problems today. And the calculus of cost doesn't even always work out the same. Oh, that's a good news. Just this friday when I first looked into OpenShift install, it looked like it wasn't even in the plans, so I might have hit older docs than I intended. Makes for higher possibility that $DAYJOB upgrades to OpenShift 4.x, but then, we would rather get rid of our (intra-group) provider and their openshift environments... I had more than one project where people were cheaper than machines, and going tight on budgets for machine resources led to the project surviving instead of dying. Hell, a big example of that is Stack Overflow, which runs a very busy site on much less hw than they would have needed otherwise, just by taking high level optimization questions up front. Having gone through some of their algorithmic questions, about the only thing consistent between competition programming and their questions was that N was large, often larger than resources of single machine. A very practical issue, compared to many competition problems. The first stage of the question might be very competition-like, though. I can spot, however, kernel-mode HTTP servers (including customized ones), and heavy use of pretty advanced stack with good optimization capabilities. The choices of the stack do make a big impact, something that they have mentioned several times, with the summary of "paying Microsoft licenses paid back very well compared to using popular open-source stacks" Remember, Performance is also a feature. Both a non-functional one (to reduce your costs) or functional one (to have happier users). Russians have, in development, an upscaled version of the reactor tech from Project 705 submarines. Design goals include ability to just put a power/heating station reactor block on single flat rail car and ship it to and back. Lead/bismuth coolant, passive safeties, if the reactor fails it essentially entombs itself in lead preventing fissile material leak and making it easy to cleanup. And since it's a fast reactor, it burns fuel that typical light water reactors treat as waste. Remember containerized DCs? It's that, just for nuclear power plants. With possibility to mass produce airliftable 100MW nuclear power plants. Soviet Union even made pocket computers that were electronically (not just software!) compatible with PDP-11 peripherals, if you dared to open the case and solder a connection. There are also rumours that around 1980, there was a design at Digital that could have led to a PDP-10 workstation, but Digital wanted to kill PDP-10. There was a visit to Mercury colony close to Blue Mars epilogue (this is not much of a spoiler). I assume Minnow didn't use Model B addressing, then? My understanding was that Minnow was important step towards miniaturization of the PDP-10 line, in tandem with Jupiter (IIRC?) which spearheaded high cpu speed initiative... With other brands, you can source alternative parts and get by fine. With Tesla, a lot of the parts are still standard, but you can't replace it with same or better part that isn't sourced from Tesla supply. Even if it's the same part. Early clojure reflected a bit early macro-enabled compiled lisps where macros were heavily used due to (perceived) cost of function call. then you find out that you need to run the site HA for reasons, and you learn just how much of a shitshow it is with WordPress . Sincerely, someone with way too many Wordpress sites. The incompatibility comes from GPL side terms. As for it being intentional, there are only anecdotes, and conflicting ones. When first CDDL sources dropped (DTrace) management expected to see it incorporated into Linux within month Except Oracle isn't the copyright holder for majority of the code, as in fact, it cannot relicense huge chunks of OpenZFS code (which indeed is used in big commercial products), and it cannot "take back" code licensed under CDDL - it can relicense their own copy, not the one in OpenZFS, because there's no "version 1 or newer" clause that allows backdoor change to license like typical GPL case. To summarize: - Oracle isn't the only copyright owner - Oracle can't take back CDDL license - Oracle can't introduce new version of CDDL and magically change the rules Updates in GPL, thanks to standard boilerplate provided by GPL and used for years, are opt-out. With CDDL, Oracle declares they have the sole right to provide newer versions of the license. However at no time can they treat it as an "upgrade path" for third party code, and OpenZFS code is explicitly labeled with CDDL 1.0 All of that has no impact on OpenZFS code which remains unencumbered, including by patents (the patent license is, afaik, the part that makes it incompatible with GPL the most). Sounds a bit like what Qubes does In practice, I found docker to be much more brittle than kubernetes, even when kubelet uses docker underneath. K8s minimizes the amount of "features" used from docker, and unlike docker is properly designed for deployment use out of the box (and generally has cleaner architecture, so figuring out server failures tended to be easier for me with k8s than with docker daemon) As much as I like Guix (and like the idea of Nix but find it infuriating to actually work with), they don't solve anything that is covered by kubernetes, except possibly building of container images (as one can equate OCI containers with nix closures). Where does Nix/Guix manage dynamic binpacking of applications to servers (preferably without a blood sacrifice on the altar of "infinite recursin")? Where do they handle nicely (de)provisioning and attachment/detachment of special resources, whether those are filesystems, block devices, any kind of special device etc.? How about integrating various special networking resources like load balancers? No, NixOps and related do not handle it well, as they need static assignment upfront and can't dynamically adjust as the system runs. Even at my small scale, all those features above are crucial, and k8s let's me not worry about problems most of the time (Rarely we have a black swan, that pretty much always ends up being "not k8s fault that network died or nginx got hung") TimeMachine underneath is pretty much a fancier rbackup. There are no integrity checks, but there are checks for motherboard serial number, as that's how backups are matched to systems. That said, a friend of mine had been complaining that TimeMachine backup didn't backup anything of his Homebrew-installed stuff... You still need to write non-consing code to avoid memory allocation/deallocation latency, just as if you were working in Java, Lisp or OCaml. (In fact, GCs can often give you better latency than malloc/free unless you go into custom allocators with object pools... which is part of writing non-consing code in GCed languages) one example of good use of globals is for very light-weight pub/sub, where you keep the rule that only one place can write to the global (preferably with something like atomic write) and any other place only reads. I approached K8s specifically from the point of Ops. It simplifies the story of supporting many applications immensely, in fact my first production deployment was done explicitly due to that reason - we have over 60 applications, we can't really reduce that number without unholy mess of rewrites that isn't certain to reduce that number at all . Come kubernetes, and we have a way to blackbox developer excesses , push 12 factor onto it, and generally out of over 60 present apps, we have reduced our workload to really caring about maybe 5 classes of them, as they are commonalized enough that we can forget them most of the time. At different job, we're pushing heavily towards standarized applications, to the point of Ops writing frameworks for the devs to use - thanks to k8s we get to easily leverage that, compared to spending lots and lots of time on individual cases. The final battle scene in the book, at least in the old polish release I had, stuck with me for a long time. Because Ender did the suicide strike thinking it was simulation, and thus he would be finally released from the program as dangerous . It's literally an attempt to get released from service on medical discharge. He was only told he was operating real world warships after the fact . Before that scene, he assumed (and while there were possible hints, at that point he is increasingly getting less mentally stable) that it was graduate school equivalent of Battle School - as that's what everyone excluding Bean (and that is AFAIK only in the retconny later novels) was told. And he literally does the final genocide in hope that it would grant him expulsion on medical grounds - because he didn't know the battles were real. - Hobbit, followed by Lord of the Rings. The selection might seem trite, but I suspect that there wasn't a book with bigger impact on me than Hobbit, for very simple reason. It made me into voracious reader, put me on a path of reading, actually reading. All because my father prodded me to read out loud first few pages so that I could show off how well I read. That was enough to get me hooked and probably nothing compares in impact. Then there was LOTR, later on Silmarillion, and to this day I remember sometimes surprising amounts of trivia from them. A definitive positive impact. - Mars trilogy by Kim Stanley Robinson. Had an impact mostly unrelated to its sci-fi content but related to more down to earth things mentioned. Whether it was positive impact remains an unanswered question, over 18 years later. - Wheel of Time by Robert Jordan. A book series that, now that I think of it, fed probably disturbing amounts of growth of my personal morals. Unclear on how positive that impact was, but I think it was? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Considering that they can't manage to not break foundational libraries in code paths that should require no changes (at least since the introduction of Aqua, with the actual code being used since 1988!) and considering how they broke even 64bit software in Catalina in subtle ways that are still impossible to figure out by developers... Nah. It won't be seamless at all. It will be like touchbar macs - you buy it because last 3 generations were stuck in place with little improvement and you are forced artificialy to upgrade. Are you sure? It seemed to be consistent theme of Apple rumours since I think ~2012, until grumbling about shit quality overtook it from 2015 onwards, but it never disappeared. The timeline was not so stated, but it usually boiled to "it will be the one more thing and next WWDC". Apple story on corporate support is infamously bad, and they don't appear interested in supporting buyer ownership of machines, unlike Microsoft (which requires it from the high end certifications). Heh, we were close in age when we read The Hobbit then :) I don't remember exact age, but I think I was 6yo, and I think I was already in first year of primary school, very early into it. The rest is history, Hobbit was a big book and now I devour million-word epics for light weekend reading. I also encountered the 8bit game, but much, much later, during my first forays into retrocomputing as 12yo :) Easy mode, given the variety of orientation points in form of switches you can gently touch with fingers to recognize position. That said, usually you make a short look at the panel to benefit from that hardcoded visual-motion coordination hw in your head. Airbus (A380 and A350) mounts both full size QWERTY on retractable "desk", and A-Z on the center console. The keyboard is mainly used for planning ahead where you have more data to input. Both are equipped with mouse as well. CPAP machines can't produce the pressure necessary for proper ventilation in COVID-19 cases so... Not only are you going to die either way, using this kills extra people along the way.