Been looking for an answer to a related question on this. DRM technologies like "white box crypto," seem to be designed for the same use case. Is encoding sensitive operations in an application using these techs not a viable medium term mitigation as well? As a rider who has done some reading into the history, one of the things modernity does overlook is how horsemanship provided a practical philosophical basis for human morality. Going back to Xenophon (and Simeon before him), who wrote one of the earliest surviving treatises on horsemanship, the personal qualities it takes to ride and train were also the basis for leadership. Xenophon's work on the Cavalry General is mainly practical and tactical, but expands on some of the principles of horsemanship - a key one being, "nothing forced can be beautiful." The essence of it is that because they are prey animals, good horsemanship is necessarily an exercise in leadership. Dom Duarte's 13th century treatise (next on my list) is also about the moral qualities for horsemanship, and the classic "education of the king," by Pluvinel is about educating the king of France as a horseman, with an eye to developing the king as a leader. IMHO, officer training has always included horsemanship because it develops a kind of physical presence and fearlessness required to get people to follow them willingly. Glad to see something like this mentioned on HN, as revisiting the cultivation of leadership through physical and moral exercise is something we in tech could certainly benefit from. There's a unity of the set. The qualities of good horsemanship are essentially moral and physically cultivated qualities, and among those is the ability to be recognized as a leader and followed willingly by another creature in nature. I am saying the qualities that people recognize as leadership and follow willingly, are moral qualities that can be developed and taught, and there is a history of those being taught through horsemanship. A technology change in the 1730s made horses viable viable plow animals. It was a lighter metal plow (name escapes me), and ploughmen switched from oxen to horses. Horses were previously used mainly for military and business transportation via carriage and carts, but this change made them economical for farmers and ploughmen. Thing is, the temperament and intelligence of horses were different, and the non-military horseman as a profession was born. That was the origin of a lot of the so-called "gypsy," mysticism about "whispering," as there were tricks of the trade that ploughmen used to protect their business. The history is fascinating, and not unlike the way crypto is today. Where a former exclusively military technology proliferated to a trade class, who organized to "professionalize," it to preserve the integrity and value of its secrets. They formed something called "the society of the horseman's word," which was a pseudo-masonic group modeled after what Millers had done in their own trade. There is a bunch of hocus pocus around their history, but viewed as a trade association or guild, it makes economic sense. According to a history of ploughman culture, it was a lighter metal plow that made them economical vs. oxen in the 1730s. They are things that take physical work to achieve. Patience: it's an animal, it doesn't care what you want, but with work and education, you both transform. Perseverance: incremental work, with a living being that isn't subject to reasoning, is what makes the most change. Ownership and Obligation: the animal is your responsibility, it does not have responsibility, you own your failures. Decisiveness: related to ownership. Benevolence: xenophon's "nothing forced is beautiful," and (I think la Guerieniere's) "ask much, be content with little, reward often." exemplify these. Takt: the ability to express your intent simply, unambiguously, consistently, and with a stable emotional presence. Temperence, moderation, and sympathy: this is a living thing you can't just threaten into submission. Magnanimity: the animal is going to test you constantly, and you have to be greater than it. There are other aspects that the words we use today have been freighted with inaccurate critical interpretations, but they are similar to the Aristotelian virtues. These (among many) in addition to exercising the physical experience of leading, which means to be followed willingly. You learn how you don't just read about something and become it. Not disputing horse collar. Point made in a history of horsemanship (an in turn ploughman trades) was that the trade of ploughmen in england moved away from oxen more to horses as the result of a change in plough design. This excerpt may have been the design change that was referenced. "There was little attempt to change the design of the plough until the mid 1600's with the Dutch being among the first in improving its shape. This change in shape was soon discovered in Northern England and Scotland with Joseph Foljambe from Rotherham building and patented a plough having what was described as, the perfect implement then in use." " http://www.ploughmen.co.uk/about-us/history-of-the-plough" Perhaps there is a more direct way to discredit the implications of my original post? Activity friends are key, but that requires activities. The traditional networks around things like churches, rotary, clubs, chambers of commerce, masonry, hunt camps, golf, sailing, and political parties still exist and are open to members. They do require a level of sincerity and self acceptance that is perhaps outside the comfort zones of many younger people, but arguably so do friendships. Friendships for men in particular are fraught in the best of circumstances, but it's an extra challenge to live in a city and become someone other men respect enough to keep around over the long term. I interpret that there is an implication in what is described in the article that, when you set the region on your apple device, you get region specific iCloud keys provisioned to it. If that were the case, there is no reason why you couldn't provision from to an HSM domain that hadn't had its keys shredded. The implied architecture is there is a secure element on the phone with a unique key provisioned to it during manufacture - likely one that is derived from one of the HSM keys at Apple. However, since Apple cannot produce this individual device key themselves to do 3rd party device decryption, they must generate keys randomly in SE hardware on the device, using the user PIN as a derivation component - and somehow use SE firmware to set a fuse on the number of PIN tries. I don't know specifically how Apple does this, but the list of secure/viable approaches is short. (edit: unnecessary if they shred hsm keys.) I don't doubt Apple's integrity on this, given the heat they have taken over it in the west. But an "adaptation" of their infrastructure to serve that regional market wouldn't surprise me either. I'm skeptical of any scheme, and one that isn't presented in BAN logic tends to mean protocol designers have handwaved over where they are hiding things. Good examples of this notation are here. ( http://www.lsv.fr/Software/spore/table.html ). If they have weakened the scheme, the technical ways Apple may have conceded to Chinese requirements, are all discoverable. Breakable? I doubt that's viable given the security difference is an HSM with shredded keys vs. one where the keys still exist somewhere (probably in a duplicate HSM that operates the decryption service for Chinese govt). So still at least as good as any EMV payment system. We can speculate about how this is implemented but reality is tech companies while ubiquitous, are not sovereign. Yet, anyway. I did not intend to come off as salty as my comment reads either, no snark intended. The health sector is the Afghanistan of the tech business. It's entire history is of empires arriving to solve its problems, and after a decade and massive losses, they leave, mystified at how something so contained could be so intractable. The only people who survive there are the ones who don't try to change it. When you can send your diagnostic images to get a consult from 2 clinics in India and an expert system for less than the price of a three block ambulance trip in the US, prices for domestic care will come down. This dynamic is significant in the culture wars of today. As part of some work in architecture for some public sector projects, I read "The Nazi Census" which was a description of the technologies and techniques of the 1938 german census which was a basis for the NSDAPs brutal bureaucracy. ( https://www.amazon.com/Nazi-Census-Identification-Control-Po... ) One of the interesting parts was adding "unused," fields to the Hollerith punch cards for "future use," much like we use extensibility fields in data models today. The book says many of the people recruited to administer it were promoted from the ranks of the disaffected, often far above their level to ensure their loyalty. It was a technique used by the NSDAP, Stalin, and Mao, where they put country "peasant" types in administrative roles over towns and cities to exploit rural resentment of city dwellers. As a result, you can "steelman" the sentiments behind many conservative arguments by summarizing them as questioning the wisdom of handing reins of unimaginably powerful institutions and technologies to people who identify as victims with an implied entitlement to revenge, and who are not bound by the ethical frameworks of the deposed - the ones assumed when those techs and institutions were built. It at least provides a logic beyond evil and hatred. Regardless of whether it's accurate in the context, it's a heuristic for reasoning about the motives and quality of an argument. That is a sound observation. I think what we call identity politics is a divisive style of argument across the spectrum, and not a political stripe in itself. In the Jonathan Haidt model, conservatives tend to be rule seeking and internally group biased, where liberals prefer the opportunities created by external influences and focus on outcomes. Regarding the original article, 20th century wars figure prominently in the minds of conservatives, and it's worth considering that many good people are indexed on factors in a narrative that includes them. We do need a way to get sensitive data sets to researchers, there is a lot of public good and discovery to be had when we do. Cynically, when we were finding that de-identification of data was not a cryptographically secure or a viable solution for providing data sets to researchers who couldn't be trusted to protect them, a nagging voice would suggest k-anonymity and now DP were a way to obfuscate the distribution of risk in the solutions through layered niche abstractions, and use the ensuing confusion to get the data toothpaste out of the tube. Today, I like the idea that DP provides a set of information theoretic criteria for candidate algorithms for protecting privacy and anonymity. It also appears to provide practical tools for technologists to reason about information theory problems in their day to day work. It's hard to imagine it was acceptable to say, "sure you can do cancer/autism/health research, but first we need a viable generalized homomorphic encryption solution before we share our data with you," but that was the state of health information security up to even recently. The need for a class of non-cryptological (e.g. not certified algos), and non-zero-sum information privacy protection tools reflects how we actually use data today. I am still wary that project types will wave DP around like a talisman to ward off security analysts threatening their deadlines, but that's not DP's fault. There is a joke in here about how the response of security people to DP and privacy is often snark, but I will leave that as an exercise to the reader. Indeed, and I think the definition of privacy that security technologists were applying to health data (in my example) implied FHE or other solutions that were out of reach, as a barrier to doing important research. It was worth emphasizing these are very different concepts. My association of them was because they are posed as potential solutions in the same business problem domains. What seemed absent from the article is the effect of flat revenue on both their ability to make bond interest payments (pay down debt used for legacy transmission infrastructure), and the potential of higher interest rates on rolling debt (like utility bonds.) Debt could make utilities catastrophically vulnerable to disruption from sustainable players and battery makers, whose business models do not need to factor in those same debt/infrastructure costs into their energy prices. Not only would it be cheaper than grid power, the utilities will have a structural pricing disadvantage because they need to incorporate their debt and increasing interest rates on older debt into their cost model. Question is, what is the "it," that forces this change? Graphene capacitors? Interesting how uber exploited a similar dynamic with taxis, where medallion debt was a significant factor in cab ride prices. It suggest debt markets might be a place to hunt for disruption opportunity, where carrying costs create a structural price disadvantage for incumbents. I admit it was a bit of an afterthought. :) If we are in a world of rising interest rates, it suggests upward cost pressure downstream of companies who exploited the low interest rate environment to load up on cheap debt. Hypothesis would be companies and sectors with highest debt to income ratio would be most vulnerable and point us in the right direction. A quick google search showed utilities were indeed the ones with highest debt ratios, followed by "industrials." If this were all true, might also suggest that merely equity financed companies could exploit that structural differential. It's part of the reason I am still a tesla/musk believer, as I think this is his underlying play. Tell me more of your impregnable fortresses and unsinkable ships. I agree that the barriers you mention are real, but those are in the domain or class of solvable problems. Apps like Figure1 are a good example of how doctors are moving around this. To borrow from Nial Ferguson's new book, the big CMS/EHR players (nightingale and another one here) control the integration points and hierarchical relationships, but I think they are vulnerable to networks. So straight shorting debt play, you would need that level of resolution. If you are looking to fund disruptive startups to leverage a structural pricing disadvantage that results from incumbents costing model, which has exposure to multiplying interest rates and flat revenues, the quality of the debt doesn't so much matter. I'm imagining things like, "3d print me a small refinery," or "blimp-drop me a sawmill in shipping containers," or "rent me a seed mill on a flatbed," "build me a foldable certified meat processing plant," or "create a new tractor platform with an open multi-tool interface." etc. I've given a bit of thought to these periods and the theme in them has a few factors that indicate one general one. First factor was reading a book that changed my perspective. When I was a consultant, simply spending 5hrs reading a book on negotiation returned an additional 200k over the next 36mos. Second is the time I took all my vacation at once and spent three weeks with a teacher learning a physical skill. It gave me the confidence to level up massively in my career. Third was after taking a month long motorcycle trip across the US. I developed multiple decks and wireframes for startups I would return to and make the focus of my life today. The theme in them was interrupting the nagging chatter of my ego and its anxieties and the need for external approval, which came from unstable relationships and social media (same thing). The result was periods of pure performance where stuff comes out like you are singing it. The way I get into the zone today is to do something that pushes me past a limit of ego/anxiety resistance. Either by getting coaching and instruction, becoming absorbed in the complex ideas of a book or new area of knowledge, or physical accomplishment. There was a comment here the other day about junior and intermediate programmers completing the fist %80 of a project, then leaving the remaining %20 to the next person - who recommends chucking it and refactoring, only to complete that initial %80 again.That %80 productivity that comes from learning something new is massive, but it's not sufficient to deliver the polished %20 that makes a product. The zone for me today is bursts of staccato productivity against that last %20, with a view forward against where it will yield diminishing returns. As a manager, the very best way to wreck flow is to put choices on staff and then criticize them for the results. There is this anti-pattern (I call it a false-Socratic dialogue) where ostensibly intelligent people present their staff with choices, thinking it's educating them to "choose right," when the overall effect is to just punish them randomly for making independent decisions. The constant theme in 10x developers I have observed is that they don't internalize interruptions from others. Often this is because they miss or ignore the social cues of concern and approval that derail others flow, either because of a spectrum thing, confidence from better options, or the narcissism that helps some people succeed. The flow I develop through these other factors is related to that state in that the anxiety from uncertainty in how I relate is silenced, and I can create freely. As a result, the last 4 months on my demo have been immensely productive. Thanks! Specifically didn't mention them because the effect of activities themselves is the point. If you haven't read a book on topic-x, the first one is going to change your perspective pretty radically and put you in that iterative and open learning mode. The activity (see post history for clues;)) was about sublimating that same ego/anxiety by accepting guidance and instruction from a great teacher who had mastered something. Super productive and high achieving people tend to have absorbing hobbies for (I think) related reasons. It's not that there is a "trick," it's that there is a general effect that all those tricks produce, which is that state of creative flow that results from removing our negative self-conscious reactions. IMHO, for me that included silencing self-critical mental filters by overloading them with stimuli from things like constructive authority, physical exhaustion, and awe and excitement at a new body of knowledge. My thinking is that the things people do as flow and inspiration hacks roll up into this overall process. Really valuable. Working internationally without an undergrad degree is its own class of problem. Not having a degree in tech remains an extremely expensive (yet surprisingly reliable) counter signal for exceptional technical ability. The question of why a company should hire someone without a degree overlooks the more accurate one which is, would this person actually still be in tech if they did have a degree? There are laws and regulations in place to filter those people out, but like anything, there are exceptions to the rules. If you know any of them, they would be really, really useful. Hardly need to read the rest of an article with a headline that includes, "the Rich," as fairly clear what it's about. An acquaintance recently (2011) wrote a book about the world of art theft. ( https://www.amazon.ca/Hot-Art-Chasing-Thieves-Detectives/dp/... ) The point I remember him making was that the stolen art was often used as collateral for black market transactions, owing to the opacity of the market in general. It's an asset class like any other. Depending on what it is, it will have different liquidity, volatility, and portability properties. The notional value can be used as collateral in other transactions, with no real transparency on rehypothecation. New appraisals can mark it in support of other calculations, and you can insure it. It can be a bit of a financial black box. Also, art is and always has been a path to social mobility. Hence the parties where young people go to meet older wealthy ones. The real business of art is brokering relationships and transactions, with the art as a pretext. If you have money and fewer relationships, you can go buy art in any major city as a short cut to local society. If you want access to partners and the kind of social networks that provide opportunities for your future family, it's surprisingly accessible. Gallery owners perform a kind of social gate keeping role without a lot of the insular baggage that comes from establishment networks. These relationships and transactions are culture. The idea that someone can just make money, participate in culture by buying art, then move easily between social classes seems offensive to some people, but that's really how it works. It also provides a perfect straw man for people who go on about "the rich." It's difficult to see how a lurid view of how some people with money live (e.g. the article) improves peoples lives any more than say, porn. The idea class mobility needs some sort of moral "defense," is certainly challenging. Sure, it hollows out the ranks of the aggrieved, but that's the point. It would be funny to ask a founder who has been diluted out whether one could say the same thing about software. I like to summarize a particular coastal elitist view as, "Let them eat college." Interesting. To me, "highlighting the power structure," is a critical technique that frames one party as a moral antagonist and there is nothing neutral, objective, or rigorous about that. I should perhaps have been more brief and said only that the article was tawdry marxist outrage porn, but I my intent was to contribute a view that untangled it from its tendentious frame. I would be very surprised if anyone outside a few fringe email newsletters would agree that racism and sexism are not moral accusations. In a case where that statement were true, where sexism and racism were intrinsic facts of a struggle between exploiters and exploitees and not circumstantial beliefs to be mitigated by discourse, there is no possibility of peace, tolerance, or coexistance. And yet, these manage to exist today almost everywhere where people who do not believe that sort of thing live. The main implication of such a view is that discourse is just an artifact of that oppression, that only postpones an inevitable conflict that is necessarily fatal for one of the exploiter or exploited. It also excuses the exploited from being held to the ethics and morality of the exploiter. Hard not to see such a system of belief as beyond reason and even incarnate evil, but as they say, the devil's greatest trick was convincing us he didn't exist. :) Amazing. I love seeing when lcamtuf stuff comes up here. Michal's classic paper on strange attractors in tcp randomness, and later, RNGs is still my favorite security research of all time. It made some concepts in crypto accessible enough to pursue a career related to it and demonstrated how you can use data viz to reveal information, and not merely to represent it. His comment about his father being a cinematographer who worked on large productions in Poland made me wonder if his father worked with Kieslowski, owing to his being of the few productions of the time and region that would be considered big ticket. If that were who he was making reference to, in addition to his inspirational research, the indirect impact this family has had on at least my life (as an obscure nerd in Canada) would be extra astounding. As someone who went from a technical role (director/architect) into PM, I selected out pretty fast. When I looked at the differences across organizations where I had worked with other Product Managers, between the ones who selected out, survived, succeeded, and the ones who were great, there were themes. The great ones (I met two), were charismatic, flexible, technical enough to make engineers feel appreciated, and were the kinds of people who radiated enthusiasm and success. Think ivy grad confidence with an evangelist belief in their product. Likable, clearly on their way to bigger things. Ones who just succeeded were strong organizational influencers and operators who practically hid their technical understanding, and made it incumbent on more technical people to explain themselves. They kept others talking while they moved pieces and pulled strings. M.Sc/PhD types, classic org power players. The survivors were corporate natives who brought professionalism to the startups I was at. A few did time in Big 5 consultancies. Often adjacent to confusion, always useful to someone, albeit never clearly to whom. They were experts at allegiances and light relationships and I admired how they managed both the constant contempt from engineering and the relentless outrage of the sales team. They were teflon strong. People who selected out (I among them) or who rode a product into the ground were a mixed bag of experiments gone wrong. The marketing person with a programming course, the legacy team member, the polymath everyone thought someone else understood, "the only person who understands how it works," the patsy, the brown shoes and patagonia vest guy, the founder in training, etc. Where I've seen PMs fail seemed to be the result of failing to maintain a balance of flexibility, credibility, and coherence. There are lots of ways to succeed as a PM and it's a very cool job. It's a rare area where a magic touch is both required and rewarded. If you needed to auth users on both a mobile app across platforms, and a browser, it makes sense to store and xmit user session information in a JWS or JWE, using it as an abstraction which you can serve as a cookie to the browser, and handle consistently across apps. If you get into multifactor auth, implementing it in JWT becomes more useful. A full OAuth provider seems heavy for what you've described. Easiest wins: - "Start with why." (I use 3 layers of why, some more, some fewer.) - Get it out, then go back and reverse the order of the sentences in each paragraph, so each one begins with the point you were getting to. - Kill your babies. Any turn of phrase you are working around to keep it in, or make it work is not as good as you think. - Read a lot of quality, edited writing. The Economist, Financial Times, Telegraph, and sometimes even the Guardian. Avoid cloying, sing-song, editorial prose that is full of jargon and cliches. Source: am a writer who codes. Slight unintended consequence is it creates a significant incentive for politicians to allow their expenses to be picked up by someone else. There are rules in many democracies where "gifts," over small amounts (~$50) must be reported to ethics commissions and scrutinized for opportunity by the opposition, media, and by extension, the public. In a simple risk game of likelihood vs. consequences, expensing a meal in an upper end restaurant will %90 draw political consequences from an AI, with a high degree of uncertainty in the cost to fight it, vs. accepting the hosts generosity, with a sub-%5 chance of consequences occurring like having to pay your share, or a minor sanction some years into the future. I'd argue most politicians necessarily make risk and cost/benefit calculations before ethical signalling ones, and the indiscriminate application of rules in this case creates inverted incentives that demoralize the situation, and will cause them to start accepting insignificant bribes. The economic value of "AI" is mostly to obfuscate and symbolically defray the chain of individual human accountability. While this may be working for the "good guys," in the public interest, it's really about protecting the people who are using what is essentially a Bayesian black box as an ethical proxy for their personal interest. It's fascinating and cool, but it's also a bit disingenuous to accept magical pretexts and other ethical proxies because we perceive them to be "on our side." That seems like an uncharitable interpretation. What I have said is that this particular AI approach changes the risks and incentives for politicians so that they are more likely to commit a greater number of small, but more real offenses, than the few outward anomalies the AI flags. Which is worse? Expensing a bottle of wine, or having a vendor pick up the tab for an entire meeting? I would argue the latter has more impact on perceptions of corruption, yet this demoralized AI approach disproportionately punishes the former. There is a style of argument that I'm starting to think of as "argument from tyranny," which begins with a denial of the coherence and legitimacy of the speaker, and ends with a defamation of character. They call it "sealioning," on the internets, but it bears more scrutiny, because it is part of why people are reduced to using pseudonyms. This is a general product lesson. I read someone comment the other day that if you build a flying car, people will still complain about the door handles and trim. Tesla has revolutionized a technology, like an unimaginably odds beating underdog that changes the economics of human civilization. But the business, the function that decides whether they survive to affect the change they've proven is possible is really a question of, are they building a better car? As someone bootstrapping a product, (and of course I think my product is the flying car game changer of my market) during the final painful trade offs before MVP, it's the scores of "details" like this I'm taking on water to resolve before showing it. Personally, I think you can only get way with breaking rules if you've demonstrated you know them first, and quality/experience issues cannot be sins of omission. Where I'm confident I've developed a technology that will change the economics of a market, the moment someone puts their faith in it and lets it into a relationship they have with their stakeholders and it burns a bridge for them, for me to exclaim, "but, but, flying car!" means nothing. These are not details and corner cases, they are the existential aspects of the business. I think where Tesla is acceptable is that they are still in a market with legacies like Land Rover, Jaguar, and used supercars, where people tolerate bizarre diseconomies that would seem laughable to Toyota, Mercedes, and even KIA owners. However, there is a chasm for them to cross fully where they are no longer a revolutionary technology, but actually a good car company. The lesson I take from articles like this is that what I think of as details as a technologist are in fact the differentiators in a business. It is worth reading the article this posted one is in response to. ( http://www.circleid.com/posts/20180225_humming_an_open_inter... ) It has the kind of inflammatory institutional chauvinism one usually expects from bureaucrats defending their turf and moralizing their powers, but it's important to understand the outcomes the people like them are aiming for. Additionally, ignoring for a moment the usual appeals for intelligence and law enforcement, the coalition of interests the author is referencing includes those interested in enforcing "societal norms," and "support for persons with disabilities." The first means censorship and those people never seem to go away. But the second has nothing to do with transport layer encryption and appears to be a dogwhistle offering tacit institutional support to political agitators who want to get onside with adding surveillance levers to the internet. The article could reasonably be interpreted as a threat that if TLS 1.3 is adopted and imposes further costs on pervasive surveillance apparatuses, they will co-operate to further balkanize the internet. This was interesting because I've used an OWL ontology to create a business functional model of a complicated platform. The tool WebProtege was very helpful. An ontology has more structure than a mind map, and you can apply reasoners to them. It was useful for me, but it undermined a layer of obfuscating abstractions some of the technologists had created as a firewall between themselves and the rest of the org, so I lost traction for being politically tone deaf. Mind maps are easy to dismiss because they are a unifying abstraction created by someone's point of view, which must compete with every other point of view in the org. Once you model it, it implies responsibility, accountability, and that can disrupt the relationships that people have invested in. The act of documenting something well also adds newly competent stakeholders to decisions, which has the consequence that it dilutes authority in the org. In this way, mind maps can get a reputation for being naive technology solution to a problem that isn't actually a problem, because the nebulous relationships they expose in fact already work for someone. The helpful guy with the mind map just doesn't 'get it'. Personally, I look forward to ontologies becoming more common in orgs, as they are immensely powerful for getting everyone aligned on a body of knowledge - assuming that's what one is aiming for. Two questions: for any job with exceptional responsibility or skill required, has there ever been a candidate with a resume gap where the story behind it did not make them more interesting? When you see a gap, what do you really think happened in it and what does it signify or mean? For a HN reader, it's odd to see this topic here, especially since I have some experience around it (not doing it.) Fighting bulls is more of an art than a sport, and having seen women fight bulls in the Portuguese corrida, my impression was it is as different as male and female ballet dancers. Same art, but they bring something specific to it. While people say it's purely a masculine sport, one of the most famous rejoneadors (Conchita Cintron) from the 1950s onward was a woman. They are rare, but not novel. I think the spanish style is less artful than the Portuguese, as shown in this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XMYzoKjiXbk Diego Ventura is a living master of the art. A number of women (rejoneadoras) like Lea Vincens and Noelia Mota are big names in the art. There is more valor, if perhaps less art, in the work of the Forcados ( https://youtu.be/pRzPPThS_M0?t=62 ) who catch the bull after the rider is finished with it. It's an aesthetic appreciation of a very specific kind of beauty, so people who are against it are unlikely to be swayed. I understand the bullfight is also a political wedge issue in spain and portugal, where progressives ban it and traditionalists promote it. It is an art with a lot wrapped up in it. Odd hackernews topic, unless you folks in California are going to the local corridas. Hey, if you've had a huge exit and want to fight bulls, I can probably help. :) What do all the sane people do? Good mental health includes things like confidence, self-actualization, self-determination, a true perception of reality, autonomy, and a positive view of ones self and ones ability to effect change. Not having a PhD, but experience working and living with them is that there was a gap between their self-esteem and their actual self-confidence that caused many of them to suffer. If good mental health is not something you are directly rewarded for, success in that field is going to be biased toward people who find a way to sacrifice it as leverage. From a base rate perspective, this suggests good mental health in any outlier of success is going to be spotty. In many cases some fields must create opportunity for people with poor mental health because the sanity barrier in other fields makes these ones more viable. When you look at the stereotypes about the professions (lawyers, doctors, and professors in particular), the ones with low attrition and weak disciplinary systems acquire that worst reputations, where as a counter example, many fiduciaries seem even keeled to the point of dullness. The solutions are likely about teaching good mental health in undergrad or before, trouble is, the question of what "good," means will likely attract extreme opposition. As a related one, considering Twisted Road (sharing site for my motorcycle). Still considering it, but their approach as I understand it is to have customer verify their insurance with site. Passive tends to mean earning money on rents from capital instead of your time/labor. The grey area is brokerage and arbitrage where you are earning money from risk. This provides the information I need to ask quality questions to lawyers and accountants, thank you. Regarding why to do it, is there a reason you can't just stand up the DE C and that IP agreement as part of the funding round instead of having it in place before? Would a more accurate description be that China is "militarizing," its tech sector instead of "nationalizing" it? When we think of nationalization, we tend to think of centralized control by committee, removal of competition, five year plans etc. But militarization of an economy, like that of Britain during WWII, means working toward and pricing based on a shared (if mandated) national objective. Western aviation is largely militarized in this sense, and looking at communications tech in China the way we look at aviation here is probably a better simile. There is a tendency to portray the Chinese communist party as a farce of clumsy peasants toeing the party line and driving their economy into ruin, as though they were the bolsheviks or Stalin's apparatchiks. Those tropes do a disservice to those of us who really do need to be aware of the sophistication and hyper-aggression of Chinese economic warfare. Viewing China as an "emerging," economy and society presumes the end state will evolve to something resembling western democracy and a free market economy, which is the very hubris they are exploiting to consolidate and militarize their industries and territories for global expansion. It would be helpful to everyone to elevate the quality of discussion of these topics, as CFIUS will only protect us so much. Sort of hoped it was because American students had in fact become better instead... Is there a reason a crypto messenger team wouldn't seem to publish their protocol specs using BAN notation that people can objectively reason about, and then verify the implementation of it in the code? As in, if you can't explain it this clearly, what's the problem? http://www.lsv.fr/Software/spore/table.html Having worked on some crypto projects, the admonition to, "just read the code," is disingenuous, because without a formal spec, you have nothing to compare the code to or evaluate the code against. Funny behaviors from an open office plan I experienced: - tribes claiming spaces: there was a couch area where a natural affinity group formed based on common personality types typical of urban/suburban tribal divide. developed an in-group/out-group mentality. a counter group formed in a lunch area. - posturing: top tech individual contributor used main boardroom for "really important video conference meetings," and it became his de facto office unless you had it booked. - tragedy of the commons: with no private space other than common spaces, meeting rooms were booked up with standing meetings so that it became impossible to get one when you needed it. - Callout/performative drama: challenging people would use the availability of earshot to try to draw others into their conflicts. Callout culture, where instead of addressing issues, people would call out others to demand explanations in front of teams, managers, or in main slack channels. - lack of personal boundaries: technical managers with low charisma routinely embarrassed in open meetings where everyone felt they could table complaints and make others accountable in front of a group, further wrecking morale as result of perceived weak leadership. Interior design wouldn't solve all these problems, but the aesthetic of a kindergarten or hipster daycare certainly exacerbated them. I may long form this post into something, as the anti-patterns in that org were an effect of its culture, which was expressed by aesthetics rooted in beliefs that would have benefited from more insight. Arguably, to extend this very rich metaphor, the reason nobody can ever win is in fact an artifact of geography. One particular mountainous region known to be the graveyard of empires springs to mind. I think drama comes from uncertainty and power vacuums, which I would say are artifacts of the terrain. The entire Hollywood mythology was built around being "discovered," and elevated to fame and stardom, and arguably it's main product wasn't movies, it was hope. If I were Conde Nast, I would use reddit as a farm team for finding, creating, and monetizing internet celebrities through its "legit," properties the way that movie studios created vehicles to profit from actors. Costs them hardly anything to talent scout redditors and try them out in other publications, then promote the story back of how success story X was "discovered," on reddit. Keeps their monetization platforms hands clean, while bringing a steady stream of talent to market. The difference between hollywood and Conde Nast is that now, Conde Nast literally owns that talent source instead of relying on a bunch of agents. Good color. Single party has control of Conde Nast and Reddit, so while there is a legal distinction, this isn't a correction to the basic business dynamic. I would say almost half the performance problems I have seen developers and devops managers run into over the last 5-6 years could have been avoided with a bit of front loaded queueing theory. When you are doing microservice orchestrations, using an enterprise service bus or a pubsub, or doing multiple asynchronous operations, small delays multiply through the system. Spending a day to model your solution as a queue will give you some ballpark tolerances for lag, queue size, and in particular, RTT through the service. Doing microservice architectures takes a lot of the logic of the problems solved decades ago on the network layer and reinstantiates them at application service layers without those solutions. Request TTL, state, queue flushing, retransmission, shortest path, service availability, 'ping', 'traceroute', etc. If one service crashes, and requests start piling up, you need to clear that queue, and oftentimes your solution isn't built to clear that queue while more requests are coming in and your cache overflows because "keeping state is a next order complexity problem that wasn't specified in the user story." There is an assumption you can just horizontally scale your way out, which has significant compute and administrative costs. I suspect AWS makes a lot of its money as a direct result of those assumptions. Not saying someone needs to be doing new proofs, but some forethought using a handwavy abstraction might provide some insight into the needs of the system under load. Now that's how it's done. Nice. In my experience, the only time it is appropriate to refer to a reporter as a "journalist" is if they are either unemployed, or dead. Reporters report, writers write, where "journalists" occupy a kind of vague institutional gatekeeper profession that is (rightly) being usurped by people taking up the former trades using tech and social media. I have strong opinions about this. Writing press releases, ad copy or doing PR work is only offensive to a small cadre of journalists who try to cleanse themselves of the "taint of trade" as to somehow differentiate their role from people who are judged by the quality of their work, and not their approval by an institution, credentials, or perceived political legitimacy. A reporter is an artist taking risks in a trade with real public value. The modern journalist is a kind of official court jester, selectively using the cover of speech protection to carefully trade favors for "access." If as a society we want better reporting, reporters need money and autonomy. Viewed this way, the availability of gigs in PR to support the art, especially at the expense of the preciousness of journalism, is of net benefit to all. One hopes he has read this, a classic slate star codex post on leadership: https://siderea.dreamwidth.org/1209794.html#cutid1 Sincere questions for Musk would be: How are you supporting your management team when you've asked their subordinates to bypass them with good ideas for exposure, leaving them only to provide risks and bad news their subordinates didn't want to bring forward? How do local team leaders take risks when their team is encouraged to defect and draw in the exec at the first sign of controversy, or just opportunistically? How do your teams commit to shared outcomes when an arbitrary member can call in a veto from the top? How do you as the owner not become the bottleneck (and blocker) while everyone clambers to have your support their pet issue because they know nothing is going to get traction without your royal assent? How do managers not just fire people who call in your air support for things they are in fact wrong about, and how do managers trust those people to be a part of the team after? His company, his rules. But having seen this kind of naive abdication of responsibility for effective delegation in practice, it is reasonable to ask how this thing scales when you add the uncertainty of a random super veto, and encourage and reward transgression. edit: better link to "The Asshole Filter," article. It's a bit pedantic at the beginning, but when he defines it as "transgressiveness or willingness to transgress," it becomes much more clear. That's the trouble with great ideas in blogs. Here's the essence of it: "If you tell people "the only way to contact me is to break a rule" you will only be contacted by rule-breakers. But wait, it can get worse. If, despite telling everyone to use the departmental email address, Fred personally handles – expedites – the requests of people who email him at his personal email account, he is now rewarding those who transgress. So far, I've been talking about being an asshole (or not) – that is, transgressiveness – as a fixed trait. But that's not how personality works, even assuming it is a personality trait. If it is a personality trait then it's more like a "set point" for something that varies with circumstances. Which means if you reward it, you will get more of it." https://www.reddit.com/r/slatestarcodex/comments/747694/the_... is the closest I can find to it. The work I did on mobile encryption was framed thusly: - Deriving a key for all devices from a single key creates a single, catastrophic failure mode for the solution where all devices become vulnerable together. As soon as customers figure this out, nobody serious will adopt it because they can't afford to accept that known risk exposure. - We're assuming that the HSM we're using doesn't have a bias in its key generation RNG to limit the real key space, because if I were an intel agency, that's probably the first lever I would pull. - The entropy of the additional derivation components we can source from the individual device to locally diversify keys is really limited, and some really smart people are going to be reversing our code. Apple (and unrelated, in my own work, I never worked for anyone affiliated with them) relied on limiting number of attempts in hardware (effectively) to mitigate this risk. Personally, I think the Ozzie proposal is a red herring to give the feds rhetorical leverage by providing their side with something few people understand, but can get behind politically because it's sufficiently complex as to be "our" magic vs. "their" magic. This is to drown out technical objections and make the problem a political one where they can use their leverage. As The author (Green) notes, we can design some pretty crazy things, and if the feds came out and said, "build us a ubiquitous surveillance apparatus, or at least give us complete sovereign and executive control of all electronic information." that is technically solvable problem, but in the US, legally intractable. So instead, they want those effective powers without the overt mandate. Bezos' role is to get everyone working toward the same vision. Stories go a long way toward articulating that vision. If you can write well (in your native language), it is typically a sign you can reason well. Leaders who can't write well are also interesting. There is almost a cliche about dyslexic type-A personalities, where the adapted skill of misdirecting people from your reading and writing ability as a kid manifests as a glad handing sales and dealmaker personality later on. Just as someone who doesn't write well probably doesn't reason too abstractly either, someone who writes exceptionally well can often be considered too intellectual and theoretical to lead, or lacking in the required adaptability and spontaneity. It's great that this super-CEO can write, but it's also a signal that the company is still run by a technocrat, and that it is not mature and autonomous enough as a business to be operated by a mere chief dealmaker. Thinking there is this idea on this thread that you are committing violence or harming systems by "hacking back," when really you are following a trail and picking up crumbs of identifying data the attackers left behind, through systems that were neglected in the first place. In regard to the idea that you need the law to "punish," people and that defense is against the "rule of law," that concept only applies to violence, and almost exclusively to the monopoly on violence we grant the state as part of that rule of law. Is it undermining the rule of law to chase a thief across private property? In some pedantic universe sure, but not by any standard of reasonable conduct. Shrill objections to vigilantism are not applicable to collecting counter intelligence on people who have attacked your business and property. No doubt there is legal risk from agencies and institutions who are rightly humiliated by their own powerlessness, but moralizing about vigilantism on this issue is un-serious. The Bateman character in the film was directed and shot by Mary Harron. See her other work to get an idea of what made him different. I have most of an abandoned book written on it. Abandoned because I will finish it when I can show it actually works. As a foundation, "Getting to Yes," is key, but as another commenter mentioned, it has been considered outdated because it assumes rational parties. This isn't a limit, as you need to play scales before you can play jazz, but there are no "scale recitals." "Rational," has a few concepts wrapped up in it. Main limit on the basic theories (I would say) is that it focuses on discussing a transaction with a finite outcome, positioning one another in relation to a commitment event. A raise, a consulting rate, price of a car, etc. Reality is that society has changed, and deals are really more about achieving a temporary political equilibrium. You could say they always were, but strong personal connections and relationships in business aren't as much of a factor as public reputation/image has become. In a graph sense, many "weak ties," are more valuable than a few strong ones. IMHO, traditional negotiation assumed valuing "strong tie" networks. Negotiation in a "weak tie," network has very different dynamics than a "strong tie," network. A very useful traditional reference is The Economist Guide: https://www.amazon.com/Economist-Negotiation-Z-Guide-ebook/d... It is an encyclopedia/dictionary approach to get the concepts and an overview of what people on the other side of the table likely already understand. Weak tie negotiation uses some of the same traditional techniques, but requires more advanced concepts from some other authors. Maybe I should finish that book. A lot of mixing business solutions with models. I have a meta-model I use to determine the mechanism of how a given company makes money. Simplest is the service model. Most complex is arbitrage. There are 3 in between. Variables are the scaling factors. Question isn't "how does it make money," but rather, "of possible transaction types how must it make money and how do its factors scale?" There is a short list of ways it must, and then finite factors of how it scales. Most clever to me is Renaissance Technologies who appear mainly to be an arbitrage factory. Ad-tech markets are closely related. Clever in the sense that their business is about buying clever and applying it to a limited class of increasingly esoteric arbitrage problems. From what I can tell, investment banks are essentially institutional casinos where you take a set of street level hustles and conceptually walk them back until they fit into a regulatory framework. Beating that game would be a lot of fun. Market makers like uber, airbnb, ebay and AMZN are the next smartest. A company like sharetribe is a good example of smart market making, I hope they do well. FANG companies are essentially publishers, and their business is about demographic pandering and selling viewers to advertisers/marketers. The other categories have different structure. Separating the business model from the problem and solution gives insight into just how clever they really are. There is a peculiar cultural issue where many Canadians think of work as being granted a job as a reward for their virtuousness instead of being part of a market. You can hear it every time someone complains how qualified they are but unhappy with their lot. As though business were some great paternal force that gave out jobs and higher salaries for good behavior. When you view this ostensible sense of fairness as entitlement to rewards for having merely complied with social norms, in addition to a general suspicion of deal making, it becomes clear why they will work for less. There is also a structural problem in Canadian tech where much of the real money is made by "consulting," companies who exist as the result of it being difficult to fire and lay off employees, and the delta of high marginal income vs. corporate tax rates. These companies take a %50 or more cut of a contractor's pay to insulate employers from the regulatory and tax risks of keeping and firing real employees. That is, to maintain public entitlements instead of private ones. Companies still pay top dollar for talent, just not to the talent. So long as you aren't a busybody about what the Jones's are up to, Canada has a great quality of life. Unfortunately for Globe writers, that temptation appears to be too great. This is fantastic. Reminds me of Hofstadter's conversations between Achilles and a Tortoise. The trouble with most math I've encountered isn't the concepts, it's the quality of the abstractions we use to represent and interpret them. The best(worst) example I can think of is the Alice/Bob description of cryptographic protocols, where somebody's idea of teaching is, "let's take these symbolic representations and instead of just shouting them at you slowly, I will obfuscate them with a set of conceptually unrelated words and repeat the representation word for word in a more patronizing way." Great piece of writing. The discussion is a proxy for how executive decisions are made for glibc, and in particular by whom. The merit of a stale joke from the 90s is meaningless, and posturing about its appropriateness is disingenuous. Open source principals have always been eccentric (Torvalds, Raymond(!), etc.), and the FOSS community tolerated it not only because of their technical contributions, but because the open source community itself is an expression of tolerance based on shared objectives. Of course others would like to wield their influence in the generation of the DNA of the internet, and there is a tremendous amount to be gained by scandalizing, discrediting, and isolating its core maintainers. Perhaps eventually RMS will come around and remove the joke himself, after finding it does not stand the test of time. But it would go a long way to resolving this if they could demonstrate they aren't just using the joke as a pretext for scandal to undermine the decision making structure of a project. It's clearly not about the joke. Except that perhaps RMS's approval and veto are no longer legitimate? It's not ascribing ill will at all. They've stumbled on a canary or a "brown M&M," where regardless of how good they think they are, they've transgressed a boundary of the implicit agreement of who has final say. They would have to be good and faithful to have contributions approved to glibc, so I would argue that's not the point. As the principals age, the question of succession and governance in key open source projects will become more explicit. Seems they walked into this one. (A)lice and (B)ob set up a channel. (E)ve is an evesdropper. When the only thing you change is to personify A, B, and E in your narrative description of a logical protocol, you are not making an analogy or an abstraction. Sequence diagrams, BAN logic, UML, pseudo code and other protocol notations are not teaching analogies, they are specifications. Some more useful than others. Teaching analogies and abstractions are more of a mix of use cases, literally analogous functional relationships, black boxing, edge cases and boundary conditions. The "why" behind the "how." That Alice and Bob can be replaced in every situation with (A) and (B) means they are not abstractions or analogies, and are therefore patronizing cartoons that obfuscate useful information. I could have been more clear and less punchy. It's a sensitive topic and perhaps my pen leapt from its scabbard a bit. :) From the tone deaf product org that brought you google glass and whatever wave was, comes a solution that does not so much pretend to be human for you as it does simply dispense with the need for you pretend you possessed any humanity whatsoever at all. Next, google Snap! A robot that snaps its fingers at service people to get their attention... Amazon is useful and makes good margins on economical services, where Apple basically defines middle class identity. Where Amazon is something you use, Apple makes something you identify as part of your personal story. Instagram has a similar play, where it is a platform for democratized celebrity, people "become," Instagram famous. Facebook is more of an individual signalling tool for people who have already won, or who just don't understand the game. To me FBs long game looks like a dystopian malignant Equifax. Oddly, Reddit has Instagram level upside if only they could hire someone with vision, and build an org that could execute on it instead of handwringing about solving political problems. Apple is a gatekeeper to aspiration, and the demand characteristics of that are unlimited. The stat in the article does not surprise me at all. I once saw a fridge magnet that said "time is natures way of making sure everything doesn't happen all at once," and it's stuck with me. The concept of time not being "real," can be useful as an exercise for modelling problems where to fully explore the problem space, you need to decouple your solutions from needing them to occur in an order or sequence. From an engineering perspective, "removing" time means you can model problems abstractly by stepping back from a problem and asking, what are all possible states of the mechanism, then which ones are we implementing, and finally, in what order. This is different from the relatively stochastic approach most people take of "given X, what is the necessary next step to get to desired endstate." More simply, as a tool, time helps us apprehend the states of a system by reducing the scope of our perception of them to sets of serial, ordered phenomena. Whether it is "real," or an artifact of our perception is sort of immaterial when you can choose to reason about things with it, or without it. A friend once joked that math is what you get when you remove time from physics. I look forward to the author's new book. The idea of time being real or not raises the question of whether it's, a) always necessary to consider, and b) whether viewing a problem in the scope of a time domain always necessarily adds more information than it removes from scope. It's just interesting to consider whether assuming time as a necessary variable can create an artificial constraint on reasoning. The specific example I was thinking of is in an ontology, where you have all these types of information, related in different ways, that are all factors in each others behavior, but you can't model the whole thing as a function or transaction. That is, adding time (a transaction order) reduces the scope of what you can include in your model. From a writerly laymans perspective, asking whether time is a real and universal property of all systems or an artifact of how we interpret them, is analogous to imagining we were studying physics with a heuristically useful, but generally limiting presupposition. One which would be like presuming all algorithms were in P, all graphs had hamiltonian cycles, all consistent theorems were true, etc. Then considering the consequences of the alternative. It's all very meta and fun to think about, but I suppose that's what this topic is about. So to clarify, we can choose to use time whether it's real or not. The question is, given it isn't always applicable, and it may not always be necessary where it is partially so, are there situations where it causes paradoxes where it is a source of noise instead of information, and how can we know when applying it whether it causes one or the other? Godel as a logician would have approached it as just another formalism. If reconciling models of physical phenomena with models of time produces inconsistency and paradoxes, he'd ask whether we were first sure that was time intrinsic to those physical phenomena, or does our model of time impose an arbitrary constraint on our ability to reason more abstractly about them. My point is that it's a reasonable question with related applications. Not sure there is a wrong to be here. Question should be re-framed as, of what is an undergrad degree a "costly and honest signal"? Great paper, there goes my weekend. Initial impression is that theoretical place to look for attacks on an implementation would be simultaneously against the derivation components in the KDFs, (const0, 1), which appear to be the basis for iterating the chain keys to gen msg keys (other than the hmac of the previous one) - and on the derivation of a chains root key from (I think) the contents of that initial 3DH key agreement. If I were sabotaging an implementation, I would probably examine the impact of reducing the entropy of these components. Even then, you would have to precompute chains of message keys for each sender/recipient combination. Using the previous key HMAC in the KDF to increment message and chain is a really nice touch as it removes the dependency on a static counter or a universal GF counter seed across all client instances. Whether these intuitions are correct or not, what the protocol effectively does (very well) is force an attacker to target an individual users device to get message cleartext, as even if an implementor made a bunch of mistakes, the diversity of keys across senders and recipients makes passive mass surveillance impractical. IMHO, the most economical "mass," attack against it would be to identify its messages on the wire, then auto-exploit the endpoint devices, install screen grabbing spyware, and harvest that data. Hardly passive or scaleably undetectable. Nice. My experience with Root Cause Analysis is it's often an exercise for poor managers to deflect accountability by diluting it among more junior people. However, 5-whys is very useful as a design principle instead of using it to respond to failure. It goes something like: 0: build a thing why 1: because customer asked why 2: because thing is what they think they need why 3: because it is one solution to a gap in their ability to achieve something. why 4: because that something is an economic need. why 5: because market opportunity to fill that gap with something, maybe this thing, maybe something better. Way to get motivated again: I get asked a lot why I left architecture and tech to be in product, and now, bootstrapping a relatively non-technical collaboration platform. My answer is that it's solving similar problems just at a higher level of abstraction. It's moving from a perfect information game of development to an imperfect information game of alignment and persuasion. It's like a context switch from chess to poker.* Going back into learning mode with books on sales and business is really refreshing. Shockingly, once I cobbled my demo together it didn't just start raining term sheets. My impression is that people who know what it's like to be here don't let it out as not to discourage others. However, what I still believe is, we don't regret things we take all the way. What we live to regret is the the pulled punch, the hedged bet, the b-plan, the retreat, the fold, the concession, the job, the approval of people we don't admire, the unsaid, the declined invitation, the judgment, the things we held on to or didn't let go, and the lack of belief in ourselves - these are the things that will shake you awake at night in middle age, and I assume, forever thereafter. When you finish something, you need to "pop," up a level of problem solving. It's analogous skills, just with new tools and variables. Oddly, it's also a way to rest. There is an old saying that translates to "a change is as good as a break," and getting my code to the point where I could not touch it for a week while I worked my pipeline and have a demo meeting where it just worked was a huge confidence and energy boost. Take time to invest in reading some books on business in your field. It has massive returns and feels like a break. A more in depth version of this article that covers more examples: http://hplusmagazine.com/2013/05/10/gardens-as-crypto-water-... De-identification of data sets (like cryptography) is a very difficult problem. It is great that people are building tools for this. Even if I were skeptical of one or another in particular, the availability of tools popularizes the discussion of what is necessary and sufficient for de-identifying data. The main use case I worked on was how to test an event driven (SOA at the time) pipeline without production data. Health information handling is very tightly regulated, so generating a test data set large enough that reflected the needs of the system was a significant challenge. Engineers couldn't just copy some production data and use it for testing. The regime I worked in that defined these rules (early PHIPA, PIPEDA in Ontario) is not unlike what people may encounter with GDPR. When I was doing this sort of work, I found that it made more sense to find the structure of the data, then synthesize it from scratch. For a data format like HL7, this is non-trivial. Synthesizing a few gigabytes of json/xml/text from a small training corpus provides incomplete test data. There are a few companies in the de-identification business, and I remember a few consulting services for it. I can think of a few ways to do this, and they aren't simple. Diamonds were the original bitcoin. Knew a bit about the diamond business from growing up. - Required huge proof of work. - Few practical use cases. - Store of value. - Highly portable. - Price a function of liquidity. - Clustered around use cases like capital flight, high denomination cash, opacity, and black market transactions, asset protection/hiding. I would argue blockchain has done more harm to the diamond market than synthetic diamonds have. Between the two, it's been a perfect storm. Flask hosted on pythonanywhere. Recommend highly. Aristotle's notion of megalopsuchia, seems richer than our modern sense of manganimity, and it is a very interesting jumping off point for personal growth. From a practical view, the temperance Aristotle required on qualities to make them virtues, could be applied with the tools of the stoics. It is important to take your mental health seriously before it reaches crisis points. By crisis, I mean where other people make choices for you as a result of your forfeit of authority in the situation. There was a situation in Canada where police incident reports were shared with the U.S. border authorities under a law enforcement information sharing agreement, and a few people were denied entrance to the U.S. as a result of historic crisis encounters with police. Cops aren't bad, but institutions can be callous. Similarly, the record of a mental health crisis (or failing to disclose it) can have an impact on certain kinds of insurance, security clearances, (as above) travel, custody agreements, and by extension, jobs. Learn to stay mentally healthy, and realize that it is an investment you make, often at the cost of other immediate things, which pays off as the result of sound decisions compounded over years. I've found the necessary condition of assuming atheism in a lot of cog.sci discussions can become a kind of "the floor is lava," constraint, where it seems like a game where you can reason about these things credibly so long as you don't fall into a deist trap. Hopping from island to island of logical consistency is fun and drives material innovation, which even perhaps provides a kind of moral teleology you can backfit to political problems - but viewed from outside, it can seem like a bit of a game. It would be really interesting to read a theologians view of AI, maybe a question for Google's Vatican office (if there were one)? What would be interesting to me is whether someone working from the faith presumption might yield useful ideas for what we're concluding from a material view. Ethically in particular. It's not so much discussing whether (a given) religion is true, but what the consequences of a religious premise may be, and whether they provide useful tools. We've been studying it for millennia, surely there is something helpful in there. If we necessarily exclude it, asking what the consequences of that negative definition are is also worth considering. There are things we believe today that mean persons have political rights, but personhood itself is a pretty rough consensus with some big ethical arguments around the edges (animals, cells, chimeras, corporations, lab specimens, bladerunners, etc.) Does it suffer, should it, and how might that change us if it does, or doesn't? Of course we can sound these things out for ourselves, but the silliness around consciousness studies seemed rooted in that very effort, and to me its worth asking if it's an artifact of the constraints we've imposed. Oddly, it would be interesting why evolution would select for a tendency toward having beliefs. If dogs and cats had "it," but were simply unburdened by needing to reconcile it with their facility to act through others (language), it could be seen to exist in them. Fish returning to spawning grounds could be an expression of belief, just as ritual fighting among deer during the rut, bees doing mating dances, etc. There is an underlying urge to continue life, and rituals for efficient, relatively non-destructive sorting for collective survival emerge across species. That our sorting uses our unique facility (language) kind of makes sense. There are a number of precedents for this using game theory and simpler models: Salience Models: https://pmstudycircle.com/2015/09/salience-model-to-analyze-... Predictioneers Game Model: http://harvardpolitics.com/books-arts/the-mathematical-proph... Attacker Defender Games: https://imowensims.wordpress.com/2015/12/29/attacker-defende... When you add Nassim Taleb's "intolerant minority," rule ( https://medium.com/incerto/the-most-intolerant-wins-the-dict... ) I would be willing to bet you could reconstruct much of that this research as described is proposing. I like graphs for a lot of things, and I think they are going to supercharge our ability to learn things. However, while expressing this research as a graph sounds interesting, if you take the view that pretty much everything that can be expressed as objects and morphisms can therefore be expressed as a graph, and there is a bunch of game theory that already describes this, it's possible the graphyness of any proposition is illustrative, and not evidence. I'm looking forward to the paper and am glad the author has been able to articulate this phenomenon in a popular way, but the press release has triggered a cynical intuition. Reading this through the lens of a current era where hierarchies are being subsumed by networks, and then reasserting themselves, this was written in a similar context, can't help but recommend "The Square and the Tower," a recent book that talks about the historical tension between networks and hierarchies. Obligatory Niall Ferguson link for modern take on history, and a pleasant sunday afternoon listen: https://youtu.be/f3rhUZPNqX0?t=576 It is a relief to see this view reflected. In an efficient market for business talent, VC should not exist. They could be seen as in effect talent arbitrageurs. Something about business culture over a certain size creates a massive inefficiency where someone with the level of skill required to build a successful product is not snapped up by existing firms. Personally, I like anyone who takes an arbitrageurs view because to me betting against bullshit is a costly signal of outlier intelligence. However, viewed this way, it's not about kids in hoodies. College dropouts were useful because the key signal (ivy certificate) that gets them picked up by a firm that would smother their productivity, had been suppressed. That they were selected for the school in the first place was a great negative filter as well, so betting on the remainder is practically a no-brainer. Given the exponential distribution of returns, from a statistical perspective, there isn't much value in explanations for failure because it's by far the most probable outcome anyway. e.g. who cares why startups fail, %90+ of them necessarily must, and merely avoiding a subset of failure scenarios is not equivalent to success. In that environment, there is only one necessary condition for 80th+ percentile talent to maintain: survival. Being the person who climbs up that return curve means surviving the twin perils running out of runway, and of being snapped up by a firm for a job you were originally more suited to anyway. This second peril is the other major attrition factor that prevents people from benefiting from survivor bias. The business of VCs who throw money at geeks in hoodies is to mitigate the former and get exposure to that overlooked subset of the latter. Given the remaining members of that sample, the people who also selected out of being snapped up for jobs will be necessarily over represented - and on that very steep curve. I think this explains why investors like colorful founder stories, because they are (consciously or not) looking for how the founders 1-stddev+ talent signal might have been suppressed. Good news is: the confluence of a) an exponential distribution of success and returns, b) the guaranteed competitor attrition from failures, and c) the further guaranteed competitor attrition from the job market - survivor bias may be less of a bug, and rather, a feature. Was watching an Uber eats courier on a carbon fiber bike with electric boost, complaining about the order routing and dispatch AI he worked for, while exhaling clouds of bug juice he was pulling from a small electronic element he kept on his belt. Not cyberpunk, just poor. Part of why I don't use the Toronto UP link is: - I didn't know it was completed and operating. - Bulk of residential population is 30-45min+ subway ride from Union Station anyway, might have assumed people travel from their offices. - If due to a subway delay I miss a flight because I only paid $15 and wanted to save $30, the savings doesn't justify the risk. The independent probabilities of unavoidable delays on each leg of journey add up, where in car there are alternate routes. - Would consider taking train if it came with flight insurance. - There is no clear signage at arrivals of where the UP line is, as signage favors limousines, then taxis, then pickup, etc. - Any signage would need to include scheduling information as walking to train to find it's not running means never going back. I supported the UP line in principle when they were talking about building it, but can see why their numbers aren't up yet. Would imagine identifying works from stolen art registers via image search would be main use case. Demonstrating evidence and being persuasive are very different things. Convey evidence by plugging it into a model, usually a visual one, like a matrix, using a socratic, catagorical approach. Hint: if your visual model lacks clear symmetry, I guarantee it also lacks coherence. Looking at you, class diagram modellers and bad architects. The model requires visual symmetry to determine information completeness. If you would like to be persuasive, start by being funny, then refine that skill into becoming insightful. To people doubting whether the ape "understood," the language, a useful test is whether it used language as a) a tool to operate on its environment through others, and b) to realize individually originated intent. There is another criteria for basic intelligence whether the subject is capable of reasoning about objects that are not physically present. A dog scratching at a door to signal its desire that it wants you to open it, is arguably using language. Responding to commands is not necessarily using or understanding language as it can just be explained as being acted upon. I'm sure there is a philosophical catgory for this interpretation, of language as tool, but it has a lot of ethical consequences. The inverse of all this surveillance is using CRM for everyday things. I can often tell when someone (recruiter, SaaS sales, dentist, etc) calls me because they have an alert in their CRM that the contact is cooling. Is it insincere? No, that's the depth of our relationship. So long as they aren't pretending to be zealously enthusiastic in that weirdly corporate, millennial zombie cheerleader way, I will deal with them. To me, for airline and other staff to address me by my first name is like being addressed as "Comrade," where only a counter-revolutionary could object to being addressed as a comrade, and would clearly require that I be marked as what I can only assume to be a problematic opportunity, and scheduled for enhanced scrutiny. The horses of dystopia have already left the barn, it's just a matter of how you choose to live out your remainder of it. "Ok?" So she's a family office for single people. ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Family_office ) The Varian Rule, which is about how the future resembles how the rich live today, the middle and poorer classes will have tomorrow, may apply here. Multi-family offices for middle net worth individuals seem like a plausible future. I can't seem to convince my lawyer and accountant friends that this is a viable service because (I think) they are basically not entrepreneurial, and big firms don't offer it because they are already fighting and maintaining position in the HNWI market. A one-stop shop that handles everything from taxes, to parking tickets, legal advice, to investments, insurance, and even medical, could be worth it for a lot of people. What makes it viable now is that families with the kind of money worth professional management are still actually working for it each day, that is, still making this kind of money on their labor instead of returns on capital, so they have the income (albeit less in assets), but not the time to manage it properly. I would look forward to using such a service...one day. :) Arguably, that Lamborghini is even a thing suggests otherwise. There is tons of new and younger money out there that could be deployed to build real lasting foundations for families, at least enough for grandchildren to have private school and college taken care of. > But the blockchain community’s trumpeting of features they love without attention to the public goods that citizens actually value is dangerous for the future of this technology. Steinbeck's famous quip about Americans, "socialism never took hold in America because the poor see themselves not as an exploited proletariat, but as temporarily embarrassed millionaires," can be adapted for Canadians as something along the lines of, "libertarianism isn't plausible in Canada because the middle class see themselves not as minor property millionaires, but as a nation of deputy ministers and professors on sabbatical." As a non-cryptocurrency holder, and non-libertarian, some critics take a a tone that I think prevents meaningful debate and discussion. The strength of cryptocurrencies is that they facilitate capital flight, so regardless of their localized legality, so long as this use case is viable, they will have both liquidity and value. Arguments that they cannot exist if they do not provide an intrinsic mode of enforcement with appeals to "crime," are relative to jurisdiction. Nobody would care if Putin, Mugabe, Maduro, or many other leaders complained something was being used for crime against their states. We'd probably even advocate it. The argument of, "build something that facilitates the existing distribution of privileges among current coalitions or we will round you up for prison," is what many might call "on the wrong side of history." Is this thread full of standard literary cannon works because of an engineering bias against non-instruction manuals? I hope we've moved past the engineering cliche of "I don't read fiction, why would I read something someone just made up?" This reasoning works until you need security, privacy, or any cryptography in the solution at all. Then it is farcically irresponsible. There is a technical play I have seen over and over again, which is just this: create a terrible prototype, add stakeholders with promises of functionality - use this momentum to bulldoze appeals to quality and common sense. It is a way certain kinds of engineers create a crisis that has them in the middle of it, and ensures they maintain control and indispensability in the ensuing chaos. If only there were a word or trope for it. I often encounter engineering managers who make appeals to the business , as a way to sidestep their accountability to a direct internal customer. Mainly in orgs transitioning from waterfall to iterative, so I hope you will forgive any excessive skepticism. I've found that either engineering can iterate to find fit, or product can iterate to find fit. If both are iterating to find fit, without either vision or direction, the wheels will and do come off. Architecture provides that direction for engineering if Product is still figuring out market fit. If Product has fit (even customer traction), engineering can iterate its way forward. The alternative is "game of aeron chairs," where everyone is competing to hitch their wagon to the most prestigious customer they can to drive their internal pet initiatives. When you deal with security, and in particular cryptography without a clear architecture, you are taking on risk of being spike-stripped because you aren't playing at an enterprise level. Architecture isn't compliance, it's design, so it's not about best-practices and exogenous check boxes - it's about building something with an eye to maintainability, market fit, and stakeholder acceptance. I do think the Lean approach with validated learning over iterations is very useful. I also think Agile is applicable in a lot of development. What iterative development has not figured out in general is how to integrate security for complex solutions, and these days security and privacy are the dealbreakers. So here I will admit one bias, because instead of merely grinding an axe I figured I would bet the farm on a solution to this precise problem of how to do security in iterative development environments, where the value of architects and security analysts has been marginalized by a fundamental change in development culture. Hustling on an MVP isn't bad at all, but with new freedom comes some anti-patterns that it would be to the benefit of all to articulate and recognize. When you look at training and coaching as being instead of correcting or perfecting skills and their signifiers, but as "how you learn to learn," in that domain, a quiet eye is not an objective, but rather an effect of building skills on top of a set of underlying attitudes. Goodhart's Law has been quoted a lot here recently, (re: measure becoming target and ceasing to be good measure), but it applies here. The more useful question is, "of what is a quiet eye the effect?" At an elite competition level, the physical differences (and scores) between athletes are so minor that success is more an effect of psychological habits than the relative difference in diet and training regimens. Watching very top athletes, they are usually calm and deliberate, which is the effect of being in a zone where they are not intellectualizing or reacting to events, but are instead, in a state I call accept-respond. There is a huge aspect of ego suppression they can cultivate, where the y aren't distracted by hypotheticals, counterfactuals, and in particular, expectations and anticipations for how the immediate situation plays out, which delays their ability to shorten their accept-respond loop. The very existence of an "if this then that," thought in their mind is performance inhibiting, because even that "if," statement needs to be negated before they can respond. Bringing conditionals to the game only works when the game plays out according to that conditional at the right time. At a learning level, you can learn those conditionals as tactics, but you need to practice them to where there is no conscious selection and evaluation of them when you are performing. IMHO, a quiet eye is the effect of how you related to your trainer/coach/parent/teacher, and it's not incumbent on the student or athlete to develop it, it is the sign of a good teacher. Mainly what it will likely be used for is similar to how cell phone tower data is used today. It gives you a list of people in an area at a given time, which you can correlate with other information like whether they are there often or out of habit, and whether they are breaking a routine. Add ALPR camera data, and a public records graph, and using those selectors against other areas means you can narrow a list of suspects fairly quickly. Arguably, surveillance merely polarizes crime instead of reducing it, where if good people are too worried about the consequences of defending themselves, it creates an effective %100 success rate for committing crimes and an insignificant chance of eventual charges - there is little disincentive to to criminals becoming super aggressive. London is already the most surveiled city in the western world, and yet still notorious for violent street crime. Adding facial recognition to the current regime of cell towers, ALPR, cameras at every corner, cab cameras, and public transit cameras, is meaningless. What is most likely is that facial recognition will be used the way it is used everywhere else in the world - for political pacification, not crime reduction. Bias toward less experienced but highly technical staff seems to be an artifact of the portfolio management style of the investors and board members. Shotgun investments in a space mean shotgun incentives for managers, which yield shotgun solutions from engineering teams, to whack-a-mole product market fit problems - with randomized, exponential returns. Profitable, revenue funded companies are more accommodating to the Olds because things like discernment are rewarded. Mature companies (5+ years) that act like startups are as Jerry Seinfeld once quipped, "dressing their best decade." You can usually tell within 15 minutes of entering an office whether it's a place of growth. Young people are perfect for the former style because they can apply technical know-how without any broader criticism about likelihood of success, strategy, or sustainability. As an old, it can become more difficult to maintain the cognitive dissonance required to thrive in these environments when you have a mental horizon longer than 5 years. I've worked with olds, and the successful ones recognize the story is no longer about them. They recognize that young people are also like a portfolio of long term investments, so they manage it prudently, and the best ones have learned how to get short. If you are still doing startups as an employee in your 40s, you are there for the rush and because you love doing it. We should all admit that working for early stage companies is a lifestyle, not a plan. There is nothing wrong with experienced people. They aren't malformed and do not need correction. Some might need more awareness of what they are involved in, but adopting a "fixer upper," mentality is the beginning of death. The article really isn't about the vice. The more interesting part of this conversation is, how do you know you can trust someone? The value of most agreements is not in their letter, but their spirit, and you need to know if you are dealing with someone who will honor the spirit of an agreement. Probably the most meaningful aspect of this article, "But the purpose of these visits isn’t a good time. It’s to cement business and personal ties, binding men together through the power of taboo and mutual self-exposure, or at least the pretense of it. It lets them judge that the others involved in a potential deal are men of the same stripe." And one paragraph down, " As one saying that went rapidly around the Chinese Internet in 2011 put it, “It’s better to do one bad thing with your boss than a hundred good things for your boss. Over time, this can extend to an actual exchange of what criminologist Diego Gambetta in his pioneering Codes of the Underworld calls “hostage-information,” mutual knowledge of each party’s sins that acts as a powerful guarantee neither will break their agreements." And, "But vice serves as a kind of screen, weeding out the rare few who might have moral qualms about future dealings. It tells both sides that they’re playing by the same rules." It's not just vice. There is an aspect of these transgression trust rituals in pretty much every organization I have seen. What I read in this article is that vice is collateral in a relationship, where if there is no collateral, there is no basis on which to trust someone. Arguably that particular situation was more a symptom of bringing a paramour to where spouses would be present, demonstrating disrespect for his clients relationships (and in turn his clients). That was the tell. People generally don't cheat their in-groups, and these vice collateral rituals establish in-group status. Showing disrespect to the values of a group is a good indicator your perceived cost of defection is low. Signalling you don't value your collateral is a good way to put off counterparties. The guy showing up with a mistress showed not that he was necessarily immoral, but rather, that he didn't value the esteem of his clients or vice collateral he had established. Always found seasteading to be strange solution given the three poles of a) taking over the government or emir-ship of an existing island, b) building a geographically independent trading network not unlike a mafia or narco-paramilitaries with some anarcho-hedonist themed cruise ships, and c) starting a cult where converts do business with each other and resolve disputes using a ritualized parallel legal and taxation system. Given these obvious precedents, it's difficult to see the problem seasteading solves. The idea that text can be essentially meaningful without a medium that demonstrates competence or craft is an expression of contempt for the reader. Brutalism as an architectural movement was about creating anti-human symbols that exalted totalitarian institutions, and was a naive mockery of human experience. Brutalist buildings are abominations we only keep around to serve as a reminder of our capability for hubris. I can only assume brutalist web design serves the same purpose. His book, "The Nature of Order" is also worth reading, even if it goes practically mystical. There is a theme in thinkers like Alexander, Hofstadter, and less known but tangentially related for his "constructal law," Bejan, where there a kind of aesthetic abstraction yields useful heuristics for more concrete problems. I'm sure there are many others, but these other two were on the brain recently. (Availability bias, surely) Hofstadter gives you an intuition about complexity and formal hardness of problems. Alexander provides intuition about a kind of quality of reasoning, where from Bejan there is a sense of quality of relational change. Reading Christopher Alexander is weirdly meditative and good for a technologists soul. I'm always happy to see him rediscovered. I am a fan of the quality of dev the Firefox team has, and am sure they have thought this through very deeply. For trust and security, it would be helpful if that were reflected in the specs as well as the final product. I was the architect for a solution solving a similar problem some years ago, and then, as apparently now, the key derivation scheme appears to be a bit of a shell game. Was just reading this and trying to get a picture of how someone could reason about trusting it. This doc specifies four symmetric keys, where two are used for encryption, and two are used as salts. The salts are derivations, which are hashes from data elements So simply, we have: FxA credentials: a string or blob to be determined. f: some function tbd k_pre: a bootstrapping scheme initialization key. k_enc: keystore key. k_salt: a user-bound diversification component k_item: a key to encrypt an item within the encrypted container, or "lockbox" Some definitions: k_pre :=(f(FxA)) k_enc := (f(k_pre)) k_salt := KDF(k_pre, userid, infostring, length) item := KDF(k_salt, k_enc) Question is, what is FxA? Best thing could be is an HSM key with a user-bound diversification component, with some kind of secure provisioning protocol to get it into the device, but from what I can tell from the docs, there are still some exercises for the reader. What wasn't clear on first reading from the architecture was the protocol they use between where the lockbox is stored, and where its components are used. When I did this, we used a variation of OCRA to prove possession of correct keys and their versions and release verifications for "items," (attributes). The next useful documentation step would describe a sequence like: A -> B: init msg B -> A: challenge A -> B: (userid, key version, HMAC(k_pre, challenge)) B -> B: derives k_pre(userid)+ HMAC, validates B -> A: challenge' A -> B: etc... Not to be a pedant about this stuff, but to be able to reason about the things we can trust it for, there are some things we can't be handwavy about. While I don't use semicolons often, to me they are useful for three things: ordered lists, where options are related or parenthetical; to conjoin or inline an example; or a kind of silent differential to orient the idea in a paragraph in a new direction. It's not relevant in business anymore, but useful in tech writing. In business, the tone and style of email is all about affecting power in environments where people pretend there are no rules that would imply accountability. The result is an absurd competition of who can be more brief, less coherent, and affect the ostentatious transfer of the burden of comprehension to the bottom dog. Is this different from private equity / distressed asset investing in general, or standard activist investor asset stripping? All that is missing is loading the company with debt to pay "management fees," to the acquirers before cutting and running, leaving the founders and remaining shareholders with the bill. Organized crime have been known to do this as well. A handbook of investment anti-patterns, common hustles, and ways to identify crappy investors would be really useful. There seems to be a tier of capital that just needs somewhere to go. It is not allowed to take the direct risks of angel or seed rounds, but can participate in venture funds, or funds of funds that include hedge funds and alternative assets, participate in growth rounds, and some really sketchy penny stock RTOs, but it's like they are prevented from investing while exercising any specific expertise. This topic seems to appear quarterly here. I've commented on it before. If they are as bad as we think they are, there must be a "closed office," arbitrage play where you can beat other startups with more adult interior design. Flask (hosted by pythonanywhere) and Neo4j from Graphene. Chose both because I wanted consistency between the abstraction of my business logic, and the spec of my implementation. I get some chippy guff about using graphs, but by taking the time to define my business logic as a grammar, expressing that grammar as a graph, then implementing it directly into the model, I get a lot of "aha," moments from potential customers. Graphs can be analogous to functional languages in that if you are using them, there is a higher likelyhood you've reasoned something through before implementing it. Tech has the same problem entertainment and fashion reporters always had. The CJR appears to agree that most tech writers are hacks trading fluff jobs for access, swag, and perks. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ontology_(information_science) Would propose that a better relative measure of salaries is not against cost of living, but the delta between what it costs per year to hire a contractor vs. hire employee for the same role. This would show whether firms are in fact paying more for employees against the contracting cost, which is the real clearing price for the value of the work in the market - unclouded by promises of "stability." Do we have anecdotes about the delta is between how much it costs to hire a contractor vs. employee for same role in the Bay Area vs. Toronto. In Toronto, anecdotally, per year a contractor costs between %175 and %200 of an employee. Contractor firms take their %15-%50 cut depending on contractor desperation. What's it like in the Bay Area? I especially like that Chiang's "Story of your Life" is included there. I found both the story and the movie personally significant, and the dance notation that Edward Tufte included in either, Envisioning Information and Quantitative Display is very good. Other examples might include how Feynman diagrams changed how we thought about atoms, state diagrams how we thought about algorithms. Sequence diagrams are vastly underappreciated for their expressive power. Inspired by Chiang, I think tree graphs as taxonomies can massively accelerate how quickly people can absorb concepts. As a notation, it allows for breadth-first understanding of linked ideas and the 'whys', instead of patching together bits of depth-first competence. I've played with them for introducing complex topics and people are shocked at being able to absorb things that took others years to apprehend. The knowledge is not competence, just as the map is not the territory, but exploring territory with a map is very efficient. My own interest in representing concepts led me to my current project where, I found that the poor quality of security assessments was more an artifact of how we represent systems and risk, and not the knowledge of the person doing it. Like Wolfram, Chiang's story, and others in the OPs list, or even the Luther Bible, a translation from Greek and Latin to regional German, notation can have the same effect as automation, and the challenge of a new notation is that it disrupts the equilibrium in the economy of people who were gatekeepers to the previous one. In this way, notations aren't just a detail, I'd say they are technologies themselves. It's such an important area. To test the concept, I put together a taxonomy of a topic few people understand (dressage, or essentially, riding horses), which can be mystifying from the ground up. A taxonomy is right in the middle of an unstructured mind map, and a logically parseable ontology. So maybe, a directed acyclic mindmap?:) The practical parts of this are in the "Movements" branch of the tree, and when you have expanded it, consider that most people learn this topic from right to left, instead of left to right. https://www.qtra.io/hn-comment-answer It uses code directly from the d3 example pages. I just wrote something for parsing a csv file into a tree, which I think is now native to a few packages. It doesn't give you physical competence (which can take decades), but a map of the logic of categories is useful. Thank you. Indeed, the top-down/bottom-up view of education is analogous to the efficiency of breadth-first vs. depth-first searches in different problems. Depends on what you want to achieve. The reason I use these is I think a lot of suffering comes from (or can be defined as) churning on deep-node problems without information from higher level concepts, and a notation that "locates" meaning in an broader ontology can relieve some of it, and yield new understanding. I think this is a theme Ted Chiang is on to as well, as it appears in the literary world as well as STEM. Would love to see it. Had a plan to see how much of one could be created using a tree of category theory concepts as the notation. Congrats on having a profitable self funded company, and in Toronto, that is amazing. As an example situation, I'd like in this pseudononymous situation to ask what are the factors and principles that makes $120k/y a reasonable offer for a functional programmer in Toronto? A consultant earns about $1k+/day, or double the proposed salary, and companies typically pay $1600-2400/day for contractors through an agency, so I'm trying to figure out what makes that $120k/year viable. Presumably you pay based on what the work is worth to the company (revenue per employee) and what you can find in the market. If you are getting price takers at that level, that's the market clearing price, then the market is the market. But if you aren't getting takers, what is the value can you afford to pay for at $120k, but can also afford to not-have that value if it saves you $30k? Is there a revenue-per-employee threshold, or are you reaching a diminishing marginal return on additional developers - which suggests you are toward the end of your growth curve? The idea that a company can afford to wait two quarters or longer to hold out for a %20 salary savings by waiting for someone to take it suggests that the marginal value of the work isn't very high. The definition of a shitty job is pretty much one where your work isn't valued, and when you compare Toronto offers to the rest of the market, they are literally advertising, "we will pay you for work we don't value!" Is there a principle at play here, or is it just a straight "take it or leave it," offer? The saying, "we can't afford cheap things," is why SFBA startups pay so much - because there is too much multiples growth at stake to miss out of it by saving on small things. Do we just not have the same growth upside? Surely submitting technical papers for critical analysis before publication to ensure that problematic views are not given a platform or legitimized by institutions, and so that affected and marginalized communities are given more prominent equal representation, will help correct systemic injustices. But sarcasm aside, a variation of the exact same quip could be made for a privacy and other assessments. I would argue that it is on other disciplines to keep up with what's going on in comp.sci to determine the impact of new findings on their fields, and for all STEM fields to be very careful not to invent administrative policing roles that can grant unmerited standing to arbitrary political interests. If you are in privacy, you need to be on this. If you are in economics, political science, or equity fields, you would also need to be on this. Technology makes everyone necessarily more interdisciplinary, and instead of filtering out, they should be researching new developments that affect them. That imposed constraint is the thing I keep circling around. Somebody says "this is enough," and all the companies seem to agree, except a rare US company that isn't in the loop. Toronto is universally anchored to that 120 number, and 200 seems taboo. Whatever your company is doing, that's fantastic you can do it in Toronto, as QoL for people is really good, and it has the kind of culture pretty much everyone wants to live in. Reminds me of that line from the show Narcos that translates to, "Silver, or lead." What is a retail bank but some product ledgers and user identities? Banks understand that they are rapidly being reduced to artifacts of regulation. The ones I have spoken to have a primary mandate to "preserve the business model." The identity information FB has is often more reliable and valuable than the documents governments provide. Perhaps to coin a phrase, what FB and other social platforms have is "collateralized identity," where your relationships and personal behavior data are the collateral on the assertion of identity. The documented one relatively is just a "registered identity." Difference is the amount of friction, authentication, and recourse you have to each of them. A registered identity is mainly for legal recourse (tax, travel, and law enforcement.) What FB has might lack a bit of recourse, but it has anti-gravity frictionlessness, and a high degree of authentication. The point at which an institution becomes indifferent to the level of recourse in the identity and switches to one with less friction, more data, and more authentication - looks pretty similar. In fact, the ones who demand registered identity are at a structural disadvantage to orgs who provide services using collatoralized identity. There is very little to keep FB from becoming a global bank, and current banks will have the option to participate, or compete against the ones who do. It's strategic in so many ways. I don't think this is a normal business arrangement. It may more resemble offering terms on which FB will accept the banks' surrender. While not Paris, there may be a general market factor at play that doesn't make for punchy headlines. Things don't "disappear," they economically polarize to normal and inferior states. These bistros (as culture) are like newspapers and media in general, where a high quality middle ground is no longer viable, so only the very cheap, and the very expensive survive, and the middle is hollowed out. Arguably, a quality middle is the effect of a temporary distortion or disequllibrium, where for whatever reason, quality has not been optimized out of an attractive price point. A good middle quality bistro doesn't compete on marginal price, it seeks to differentiate itself on features. Customers become indifferent to the feature quality, select for price, and good places fail. When you add tourism, you add feature-indifferent customers who select on price - which is why locals hate them, as this indifference upsets the local equilibrium that made a good middle possible, and that hollows out their quality of life. The same quality is available, but it costs more to sustain because it has lost the price selecting customers, and must survive on a smaller population who values them. This was the big "race to the bottom" criticism of globalization in the 90s, where global competition ostensibly ended local ways of life by flooding markets with indifferent consumers of goods optimized for generic global markets. Polarization happens, and it's usually costly regulation that staves it off. France led the way with designation of origin (controlee?) trade rules, and banning the McDonald-ification of their cafes probably has precedent. Rents and real estate prices are the other key factor, where the risk/reward for anything but a proven franchise model is not a viable investment. San Francisco is a great example of that. It's not gentrified, it's globalized. The distortion is often a quirk of geography, or taboo. There was a famous graffiti statement in a condo construction barrier growing up that was, "artists are the stormtroopers of gentrification." To take this further, that quality-middle is risk. It's possible that the sort of sick and uncanny aesthetics of corporate franchises are our reaction to the a disequllibrium of risk. Reacting to something that lacks skin in the game as a trap seems like a reasonable instinct. It's a representation or a simulacrum, something we recognize in nature as bait. The things we romanticize, like old cafes, are expressions of risks taken. Where there is little risk, perhaps on some animal level we expect scavengers and death. Gentrification is de-risking, as is franchising, and imho some portfolio management as well. There is probably an underlying aesthetics of risk theory in there, however, we should leave that one for Nassim Taleb. Not persuaded that the author's advice to rationalize the faults of your ex is sufficient or necessary for "recovery." I would propose generally that the suffering of any breakup (or loss) is proportional to how much you depended on the other persons reflected view of you for your own idea of self. Getting past it is more of an exercise in self-acceptance, self-forgiveness, and self-improvement than simply knocking down the other to boost yourself up. If you identified as a partner, husband, father, boyfriend, etc. then the loss of that feels like a loss of self. But if the person in your life was just that: another person , in your life, then you can still miss them, but nothing intrinsic to who you are was lost. You are not broken, shattered, or harmed. In this context, suffering is the effect of a residual belief about the completeness of yourself, and has diminishingly little to do with the other person at all. Recovery is not "healing," from a "wound," rather, it is resetting your perspective and accepting who you are as self-originating - and not as reflected by another. Too often, Pascal's maxim "to understand all is to forgive all," is advice given without the necessary condition that you must apply it to yourself first - otherwise it's just a recipe for obsessive thoughts. I would say to someone suffering from a broken heart, whatever it might entail, start with the desire to forgive yourself and whatever happens next, the journey alone is probably going to be worth it. As a layman, it is a personal aspiration to be able to understand this precise paper. It's very appealing to be able to express and reason about the related problems of complexity and edit distances using a generative(?) notation like lambda calculus that you can hack on in accessible languages like Haskell. I also like that the citations include Emperor's New Mind; Godel, Escher, Bach; the Brainfuck homepage, and Haskell. The effects of these ideas on a couple generations of young minds is bearing fruit. It feels like we're on the brink of gamifying a lot of important math. Spent a lot of time in Heath tech. Main driver for administration is costs imposed by insurance schemes, even (especially) in public systems. Insurance causes hyperinflation in drug prices and services. It's just a giant pool of money that nobody owns and everyone wrestles for, except instead of competing on price and service quality, they use lawfare and bureaucracy to impose costs and disincentives on each other. Administration bloat has a few causes, some as a result of the effect above, and some from political factors. The solution? Automation. If you want to get rid of the administrative bureaucratic layer, develop technologies, products, and platforms that decimate it. In tech we take for granted that we can get data and create metrics for everything we might need. Once you get out of companies that have been around for fewer than 10 years and into organizations that are operated purely on personal relationships, with sometimes an exogenous legal or regulatory framework, it's what you might call chaos. I would ask if data availability is going to be a big generational rift. This kind of data-driven accountability (or surveillance, depending on your opinion) is anathema to the culture of many public agencies. Beyond the social consequences of this specific work in policing, the effect of ubiquitous data on institutions can cause huge, rapid change. Not all of it planned. In the case of the Invisible Project in this story, the data is damning to the legitimacy of the institution. It's no longer about anecdotes and individual cases. There is a clear problem and solution, with direct accountability for implementing it, and a clock ticking on how much lost legitimacy they will accept before doing so. The rift that data creates is, will younger generations with presumed access to data accept the institutional response, "because we say so," when the data suggests otherwise? From a data perspective, I don't think we can underestimate the effect of a generation raised to understand that "random," just means a gap in information about rules and inputs, and is not necessarily a source of justice or fairness. Important comment. I was just trying to figure out how using a self-reported survey to assess whether respondents have an underlying need for personal attention from others is not the most basic example of sample bias ever conceived of. The general early childhood emphasis on "pro-social," behaviors and performative identity is almost certainly creating generations of incompetent narcissists, but the way to test that hypothesis is probably not by offering them validation in exchange for their opinion, unless you are measuring them against an isolated control group. Most ambiguous thing I have found about remote work is how a decision gets made in a group, and then who directs the action on it. It's too easy to talk past one another on conferences. Add flat organizations where you are supposed to be able to read the dynamic between the lines, then local culture differences, and you can end up in passive aggression hell. Without physical presence, you need clear, logical rules in place. The article splits the main challenges of "loneliness," and "collaboration," almost evenly. I don't get loneliness, but collaboration and distance are almost definitely conflicting needs. I would be surprised if the rules for managing distance being a constraint on the dynamic aspect of collaboration was not a hard zero sum trade off. Electronic voting conflates authenticity with legitimacy. Same problem in digital identity. To me it seemed actually stupid to believe that the only thing preventing algorithms from yielding the sympathetic magic required for a peaceful transfer of sovereign power, was their lack of complexity. Arguably, without the ritual element, democracy reduces to a lottery with a biased mechanism, and for it to work, it must necessarily be more than that. It's a larger philosophical question, to be sure, but it's like comparing a Turing test to an Indifference curve. The first is to determine whether something can convince people it is another person, the second is to predict the point at which you will cease to care enough to choose something else. These are analogous in that, like an AI, we can design an e-voting system that can act convincingly as though it facilitates democracy, but mainly it is just an acceptable substitute for people who no longer care whether the democracy they are dealing with is real or not. In the case of voting, it's not just a thought experiment, or a product dev question, as by real, I mean sufficiently legitimate for people not to reject the results and cause civil disturbances. It might sound a bit extreme, but we should really be asking when we institute electronic voting (or counting) whether we are willing to accept a simulation of the ritual we use to grant sovereign powers to people. At an executive level, knowing about a problem means you are accountable to resolve it. Their job is to use their limited human attention and direction to effect constructive change and hold risk. Notifying them of a problem without a solution attached is the same as creating a problem for them. Often the solution will be to make the source of that problem disappear. The only important things are ones they can do something about by directing or convening people to solve it. Their priority is to maintain degrees of freedom in decision making, and always maintain their leverage in relationships to their stakeholders. You don't need to understand the details of that as most of it will be invisible to you, but you do need to understand how your work supports the credibility of their commitments and doesn't force their decisions. Thanks for this. Do product owners and developers get a sense of the product level threat model, e.g. "competitors reversing our code," "spammers will harvest our user identities," "a grad student is going to break this as their thesis project," or "a state level actor will try to establish persistence for Intel collection" ? Wrt agile not scaling because of 3rd parties you don't control, would you attribute that more to unwillingness or inability of third parties like security to collaborate? Training developers in is super valuable. Sounds like that is the lynchpin for the rest of the process. Important view. Implies that the gap is that we're making developers responsible for security but without accountability for the consequences of a breach - where the people with the accountability in the event of one are shielded from responsibility for mitigation because they've pushed it down the stack to said people who can't actually hold millions of dollars of accountability. The obvious threat scenarios above are examples of things product managers typically don't think about, but developers assume someone must have understood and decided. I'm trying to ascertain if this gap is a broad problem, or just a dark pattern in organizations that could be by design:) In the messaging design, I love that you put it on a t-shirt and on the side of a van. Thanks to you, whether we understand it or not, we are all in the t-shirt business now. Always like to see SSC here. Unbelievably, the medication example the author uses is a system I have direct experience with. It is a group whose job it is to make the decision of whether insurance covers a drug that a doctor has prescribed. The triage is more sophisticated than a queue management ritual, but also has elements of it in it. Some insurer programs require that the patient be declined by another one before paying for the prescription, so the doctors fill out hopeless requests because they need the rejection letter to achieve their outcome. This fills the decision queues, and everyone experiences the lag. Consider doctors handwriting as a next order CV problem, and then think about the attitude of the user demographic who doesn't feel obligated to be clear about their intentions - now design a digital product for them. Bureaucracy in real life is a kind of cluster-governance, where nobody serves each other, and everyone presumes everyone else is coming to them to be regulated. Further, they really do think their job is to avoid obligations to others unless they are somehow mandated to have one. I can say that agile development methods are disrupting bureaucracy in a big way. You don't see it, but every online license renewal and filing system wipes out layers of bureaucracy. The systems take years to develop because the personal/business relationships that made those systems work need to be identified and unraveled before you implement them in code. I would argue you don't understand stakeholder management unless you have spent time in a bureaucracy, and the people who do succeed at it in the private sector often do so as the result of both luck and negative anti-patterns. I saw how the internet changed government almost 20 years ago, and can say that cloud and microservices are now also revolutionary. Tech is an expression of how its users want to relate, and in this way it's culture. When we impose tech on institutions, it realigns them to organize around the relational patterns in the tech. Bureaucracy is an active ingredient, and the tech we develop changes it. Want a better DMV? Build one. Short version is it moved the power base and budget approvals into IT governance, and corporate security touches everything. It created the abstractions of clients and services and put enterprise architecture in the middle. All projects became IT projects. Today, the clash of iterative methods that provide makers with almost total autonomy vs. waterfall PM oversight and governance is the key friction point in large institutions, imho. Of course they are going to ask, and legislators will weigh the political cost/benefit to it. My impression from the previous crypto wars and the skirmishes that have followed is, as technologists, we take a very tactical view of technology, and underestimate the intentions of people who understand power and politics the way we understand information systems. The way we see the security of a system, they see the sovereignty of a state. Just as incompleteness in our code can yield system level compromises, incompleteness in their ability to apply their rules to their territories and domains also yields compromises that makes the whole system untrustworthy. I don't agree with what I perceive as their Hobbes-ean need for total control, where I think the localized, depth first absolute authority of a state becomes malignant when it is applied breadth first and in totality to all aspects of life, but you can sympathize with the urge without agreeing with it. They should be mindful that post-Snowden, no matter how large the field we live in, people have seen the walls and bars at the perimeter, and that broad perception is likely a greater source of instability than any gaps in the ability of the state to enforce them. Viewed this way, the 5Eyes statement seems unwise. Haven't ascribed malintent at all. I will say the people you describe have moralized their authority, as we all tend to, and I have described it without that filter. It's just incentives. I worked on x11-b-1381 until there appeared to be an encoding error in a variation of the enigma cipher they used that made it unsolvable. The author insists it wasn't a problem, but I think that one really derailed the puzzle. It was very immersive, but the author giving interviews broke the spell. There was another aspect of it that isn't talked about much, which was that the x11-b puzzle author seemed to launch several hundred Tor exit nodes (named for the puzzle) out of holland if I remember correctly. I didn't have my gear or the time to start trying to find and extract injected malware from the nodes or do diffs against the videos from the internet vs. those exit nodes, but since that was a next level play, I couldn't take the time to run down that rabbit hole. Culture fit is a euphemism for shared values, and those are a mix of where strategy meets background. Trouble I have seen is that companies don't talk about those two things because they truly are the value proposition of the firm. Often this is not precisely clear. The real strategy of a company is necessarily hidden, but the direction it yields is something people can align to, knowingly or more often, not. Is the strategy to get acquired for IP or because they were positioned to execute in a growth market, or maybe to create or dominate a market? These are radically different, but you can tell by looking at a cap table and an office what their plan is. Do they need people to not ask questions, or do they need compelling visionaries? Maybe they need people to keep the ball in the air, engineers to optimize and scale big ideas, or new blood in an ossified institution. Those strategic outcomes define culture. When I hear people say, "culture eats strategy for breakfast," I always think, "yeah, without strategy, culture starves." As you can tell I'm a real hit at off sites. The incentives to develop Tor exploits, target Tor users, and the attack surface of the browser could seem to make using it at all an exercise of poor judgement. You basically add some anonymity but change your threat model to include an extremely high likelihood of injection attacks, and practically provoke every state level agency to monitor you, where they might have previously ignored you. This was the pgp problem in the 90s where you would essentially be sending a tracer round across the network saying, "hey everyone, these two people are using encryption!" Tor is a great effort and it gets people involved in privacy, but onion routing to exit nodes on the internet has diminishing efficacy, and I think everyone needs a clearer articulation of what and whose problem it solves. >The more details you articulate, the less effective this system becomes. That statement is the insight that was missing for me. It's correct, but for someone of the belief that things that work magically, necessarily also fail magically, it's hard to place faith in. If Tor depends on a "Tinkerbell effect," I would hope its uses get the quality of scrutiny that ciphers and protocols do. I hope for the sake of the stability of the ecosystem he doesn't apologise again. It's one thing to just change, and another to make a public gesture to seek out approval on weak terms. As soon as it becomes about other people forgiving him, they will just pile on because it elevates them. Good on him for recognizing what got him here isn't the tool to get him and the kernel where he needs to go. But that should be it. Anything more invites a coup and hyper politicized governance of what is now a core internet technology. I hope he draws a line under this and moves forward instead of being co-opted by a committee. "I did that, and now I don't anymore, here is what we're doing next," is far better than, "I am afraid of some consequences of things I did in the past and I want your permission to continue." For a leader, the latter is death. My last failure was an idea so terrible and provocative it had to get some kind of traction. Never failed to get a "that's brilliant," laugh, but required more finesse to get people to follow through. Burned some bridges, but really, who wants flammable bridges anyway. That cliche about "aspire to be the kind of person your dog thinks you are," rings true. We need a list of lists and how you get on them, and off them, then a service for managing them. We've known about BGP hijacking attacks for 20 years and they only seem to be an issue now. In my day, kids would inject routes using spoofed RIP UDP packets from dial-up pools that would get redistributed into the global routing tables. I haven't 'sho ip' anything'ed in more than a decade, but it appears that 20 years later, you can still just compromise a router and announce whatever you want. The threat model has changed, where then you could send some spam or harvest passwords for shell logins, today we have things like millions of dollars in piles of electronic cash sitting around relatively unprotected and untraceable, a hyper-polarized political environment where people believe they need strong anonymity protections to participate, and the ability to scale the C&C functions for botnets to where they now resemble private darknets. All the real action seems to be happening in software defined networks in the cloud these days, but it all still depends on this legacy internet infrastructure. I'm glad CloudFlare is doing this. Someone needed to take the initiative. It was one of those things where it was everybody's problem, which meant it was nobody's problem. Like anything, it polarizes. There are some thriving lodges, expiring ones, and not a lot in the middle. Personally, I think they are due for the pendulum to swing back in their favor as generations of men start asking themselves hard questions about what it means to be a good man. The quality of the answers provided by the internet, media, self help, whatever life coaches do, and even churches is limited, and yet the popularity of the topic shows how prevalent the need is. A resurgence could help repair the civil fabric. I didn't know about the Hawaiian Kings, that's some peculiar trivia, but it makes sense, and I understand has a lot of precedents. Can say that the new documentary on Netflix is hilariously accurate. Mainly the kinds of characters you meet, and what it means to them. If someone found the documentary appealing, they likely wouldn't be disappointed by the experience either. A real apology is an expression of regret and an appeal to mercy. It is not transactional or representative, it's an acknowledgement of a personal, transgression, and demonstrates a new understanding. A lot of people aren't worth apologizing to, as the offense they took can often be attributed to a lack of charitable sentiment on their part. An apology must be given freely, with no expectation, but also don't waste them on people without a track record of magnanimity. I've found people forgive honesty and honest mistakes. If you make a real mistake, people forgive you when you prevail over it, but bending a knee for posterity or to acknowledge authority is worse than not owning it because it rewards sanctimony and cant from bad people. An apology is for accepting consequences you are prepared to accept, not for avoiding them or mollifying others. I don't agree with the professors approach. I've been doing a variation of this for security, as it's the main need that requires abstraction-on-down definition, and it doesn't translate well into agile environments where developers are designing solutions. (qtra.io, in private beta, so no free experience yet) The fit problem I'm having is getting technical threat hunters who populate the market to think about risk and security design, or product/project managers to reason even high level about a domain they delegate to technologists. Still iterating for fit, but so glad there is a thread of people thinking about architecture. Re Toronto: - getting in, getting out, and how much farther "out," means. (sprawl) - post-globalization: chains and franchise businesses make most of it like being stranded in an airport. There are a lot of great niches, but they are rarer and further afield in the sprawl. - petty crime: bike theft and car break-ins are normal to the point of going unreported. - street parking: the city is predatory with parking tickets. Mayor shifted enforcement to maintain traffic flow, which was right, but council is addicted to fines. - local media: they just aren't very good. Its like nobody's asked if newspapers are dying because they are just bad. - commitment to park maintenance: garbage is common. - politics: polarized, mainly due to the quality of discourse taught in institutions. - lots of crappy art: it's a bit of a cringe fest. This should be a slide deck for startup school, or any product management course. So many of these seem like obviously terrible ideas, and yet, these are what happens when you design products without customers. You can see where some of them were just derivations of other companies design languages, where others were the expression of one meaninglessly novel idea (the catamaran car). Some of them you can see the thing they thought would be good (big windshield, aerodynamics, ornamentation, minimalism, quirkiness, etc), but when you tried to wrap a car around that idea, it was uncanny and un-car-like. For each of these abominations, there are software and startup analogs, I'm sure of it. Framed in terms of "the logic of political survival," a more useful characterization would be, "technology X will reduce the size of the coalition of people necessary to achieve power, and the size of the group who must be rewarded to maintaintain it." Based on that, you could run most smaller countries with a resource revenue stream to pay police to make examples, and Google data to find them. Sounds horrific, but we may live at the edge of some very dark times. I have a bunch of notes for an article pitch about how AI/ML tech could easily create resource cursed economies and governance (akin to Jeffery Sachs description), but don't want to wade into writing again yet. I could really be a bore on this. Short version is DeMesquita describes the underlying mechanism of the effects Sachs observes, and if you switch in AI/ML for oil or mineral wealth in Sachs model, you can make predictions about some of those consequences using DeMesquita. Long version involves introducing and describing the relationship between their ideas. DeMesquita gets rejected as being too abstract, but his model has useful predictive power. Voting is necessarily a proof of work algorithm, and when you represent the result, you only simulate its effect. Sure, people don't care if it's simulated when they win, but when they lose, they care a lot. Feel like I'm a lone voice in the wilderness on this one but I really feel like I need to shout from the rooftops that electronic voting courts violence, and it is culpable hubris to state otherwise. Given this issue a lot of thought, mostly after reading Jeffery Pfeffer's views about how most CEO biographies are designed to kick the ladder away behind them. Given the exponential / power law distribution of returns, if you are anywhere on the left hand side of that curve, you are doing phenomenally well, even if your actual place on it is random. This curve is the mechanism behind the Matthew Effect as well. To get there, you just need to survive long enough to end up on it somewhat randomly. The competitive environments in offices are really about getting exposure to opportunity - not reaping the rewards of work. This is why some seemingly dumb people do well. They have the relationships that get them exposure to the opportunities to end up somewhere randomly on that exponential curve. You'll notice that people who fail or stagnate in offices are the ones who have been isolated from peers, customers, sales people, and other sources of exposure to randomness, and that is not an accident. Highly successful people ensure they are at the front of the queue for those random opportunities, and whether they do that through merit or mendacity is ultimately immaterial. Being smart is not about problem solving or abstraction, it's an instinct for always getting the option on opportunity. Absolutely recommend Pfeffer on this. More interested in why we need to believe in genius in the first place. I find it can be a kind of secular sainthood that has a mythology around it that serves as a post-hoc justification of certain social outcomes. Few understand the contributions of minds like Feynman, Davinci, Einstein, but we hold them up as symbols of a kind of mystery cult around science, which should make people at least a bit curious. There are a lot of prolific artists who aren't included in the genius canon, and it's an almost exclusively masculine archetype, which means it either tells us something about who we are, or it's the noisy artifact of a crude model. My bet is on the latter. While the particular acumen for appreciating and operating on abstractions is probably pareto distributed (like everything), what it represents is much more interesting. When you believe in genius, you likely believe it is meaningful that there are people you will never compare to, who have advantages you are physically incapable of obtaining, who were chosen to receive a gift while you were not, that there are people whose nature or perceived potential means they should be held to different standards, or that someones success can be less legitimate because of a perceived intellectual advantage. Not saying any of those statements are true, but they are definitely the effects of how people relate themselves to the belief in genius. Without those beliefs, we've got some much harder questions to answer. Personally, I think precosity can be cultivated and refined into something great, but genius itself is an artifact reflected from others beliefs, and not an intrinsic quality. > Wind is the main thing trees oppose (besides gravity and each other). It should be first idea that this is the thing that shapes them. This statement was unexpectedly profound. The article seems written in a "gentle reminder," tone that implies a basic attribution error about the sort of people they are reminding. As a corollary to a famous adage, I would suggest that it is best not to attribute to ignorance what can be explained by incentives. Question about public service projects, may make it an Ask HN or a blog question as well: The Agile or iterative model, coupled with the sec/devops CI/CD model that includes "own what you build," means that developers and highly skilled devops teams are available to manage a CI/CD pipeline throughout the lifetime of the product. There is an underlying assumption that you are building to support the growth and revenue model that SaaS companies require to survive and in turn pay for continuous developers. In public services, there is no such revenue growth. You have a budget for developing it, then hand it over for production, and then you manage it over the long term with more cost effective operators who are largely unionized employees, engaging developers only if needed to reconcile the code with an infrastructure change. Keeping developers engaged and maintaining CI/CD on a product that does not have revenue or growth means that the cost curve diminishes much more slowly than in the waterfall engineering model. It means we have to ask whether the additional cost yields commensurate benefits, and what budgeting for a service supported by CI/CD truly costs without hockey stick revenue growth attached to it. I contract to an agency that would benefit from an 18F.gov or gov.uk like digital service, but I have not seen this particular cost issue addressed. Has anyone in gov.uk, 18F or another digital service run up against this, and found solutions? How is it his fault? He's done nothing but antagonize and mock the "art world," and it just loves the abuse. He's been co-opted as an official court jester only because the alternatives are to ignore him (costly) or discredit him (improbable). The most cynical view of his work would be that it is just a set of counter-signals that serve to demonstrate his superiority while knocking the ladder away behind him, as anyone who imitated him would quickly select out. Lots of artists and musicians behave badly to show they are so good that people will even tolerate their latest outrage. Hand, neck and face tattoos seem to be the current fashionable follower trap. It's arguably the same dynamic behind programmers who affect rebel and working class values and ideals. As if to say, "I'm so talented I don't need to demonstrate alignment to the people who keep me in the style to which I've become accustomed." I like Banksy's work a lot, and I don't think even he is this cynical, mainly because he does still risk arrest and jail for vandalism, but he's created something with a life of its own of which he is no longer in control. In that way as an artist, he could very much be seen to have succeeded. It's notable that over the last couple decades, we've moved to where we refer to diabetics as people with diabetes, schizophrenics as people exhibiting symptoms of a variety of mental disorders, disabled as people with disabilities, the obese as people coping with obesity - but narcissists, sociopaths, and psychopaths are still othered, and yet still within the domain of detatched clinical assessment. These are moral assessments of character, and ones that aren't wrong to make. But it's disingenuous to say that we have a medical definition of what is essentially an evil tendency that we can treat (and presumably, eradicate) as a disease. The more literary theme among the obvious narcissists and psycho's I've met was they lacked self acceptance, and were pathologically actuated by the approval of others, particularly imagined others. They filtered their experiences to only ones that reflected a deep seated idea of a perfect and adorable self, and they had adapted to ferociously attack anything that threatened this perfect and vulnerable self image. That's not a disease, it's poor parenting exacerbated by a culture that enables it. People can learn and change, and they do it every day. The popular pseudo scientific discourse around narcissists and sociopaths is politically dangerous and in many cases, I suspect motivated by a purifying urge that is a much deeper evil. Owned a cane for dibilitating flareups of sciatica at age of 30. Then lost 30lbs, rode horses on weekends, and learned to lift weights. Can still feel the weakness on that side from years of atrophy, and still use a knee pillow to offset night spasms, but walking straight for 6+ years now. Some people need surgery, but of the things to try before that, that's what has worked for me. There was a plot point in the film, "The Lives of Others," where the East German police keep a registration and fingerprint of all typewriters, and find a document written on an unregistered typewriter. The precedents for machine identity go way back. The only difference is at least here, you don't need a license or registration for a printer, albeit you do in effect for a mobile device. Remember to act surprised. Sounds like a lovely target for private equity. If you own a company that can afford to do this and want an out, ping me to ghostwrite your self help no-seller and we can get the jackals circling. Missed my calling, apparently. But that's the calculation they make. Could see a lot of tech companies that raised insane valuations with institutional money whose revenues are otherwise respectable but don't justify those valuations, get picked up as distressed assets by PE firms during the next crash. You need revenue to justify perks, so perks could be a tell. Hmm, glassdoor should have some data on this... I've been using Neo in production on GrapheneDB with py2neo and Flask for about a year. Love it. The reason I use a graph is for consistency from my product level business logic to my implementation. Basically, to solve my problem, I started with a set of english statements, which yielded a grammar, that I described as "objects and morphisms," (things and relationships) then implemented it in a graph - put a front end on it and built a product. Graphs provide coherence to my problem. Could an RDBMS do this? Yes, but not without a complex intermediate query layer. I think of using a graph as analogous to specifying your problem in terms of a functional language instead of imperatively. The reason to do that is because your product is the result of maintaining consistency of an abstraction, like a DSL or a game, instead of just retrieving stored values, documents and their variations. It's disruptive to a lot of orgs as well, since there is a lot of sunk cost in RDBMS experience, so I think the applications are all net new projects. I don't foresee anyone migrating to one, but I do see a point where majority of new products use one. There is a famous old military quote on this topic: "There are clever, diligent, stupid, and lazy officers. Usually two characteristics are combined. Some are clever and diligent -- their place is the General Staff. The next lot are stupid and lazy -- they make up 90 percent of every army and are suited to routine duties. Anyone who is both clever and lazy is qualified for the highest leadership duties, because he possesses the intellectual clarity and the composure necessary for difficult decisions. One must beware of anyone who is stupid and diligent -- he must not be entrusted with any responsibility because he will always cause only mischief. " The qualities of a student and an engineer vs. say, a good hacker or product manager are wildly different. For a large organization, you need reliable and focused people to keep it running, where for a startup, you need to find and actualize outlier potential. Lazy can be fixed. The others, not so much. This is a very smart idea. Business writing is its own set of genres and sub-genres. They range from consultant'ese to imperative command emails, with variants of passive voiced academicians and hyperbolic marketing speak. Given the model, how large of a corpus would you need to mimic a style? e.g. If I had a target customer and a bunch of their emails, blog posts, or social media comments, how much data would I need to improve my pitch to them? Would use this as a CRM plugin. Those villages were within each persons Dunbar number and had a unified notion of shared interest and tribal identity. I think the argument that we never had privacy or that it is unnatural needs to be put to rest. Automated facial recognition is explicitly for one interest group to monitor an "other." In most cases, it is a state and its party interests monitoring subjects, or one class monitoring another. It's a weapon and there is nothing benevolent or benign about it. Argument distinguishes whether you're being identified by an "us," or a "them," and in the medieval small town case, it is an "us," where at scale, it is necessarily a "them." When you add urbanization and modern identity groups, you are going to be a "them," to someone, and providing them with a technological weapon begs to have the balance corrected. "Active fugitives." Here, the way drivers find out about adminiatrative license suspensions are police ALPR cameras on patrol cars alert cops to pull people over and charge them, causing them to pay for a tow, among other consequences. Presumably these "fugitives" include parents with kids at the stadium who are behind on support payments or have outstanding parking fines, or perhaps something else that will initiate a high risk police encounter that will at best disadvantage them in a background check? I've worked in privacy policy in government and the people building FR techs are equipping monkeys with guns. Sure, someone else will do it, but at least weapons manufacturers have rules about who they can sell to. You'd think, but as I remember even the EMV specs can be a bit handwavy about the entropy of derivation components, and the tendency to rely on both limited attempts in hardware, and the security of keys generated and stored in HSMs (which people essentially use hashicorp to replace these days), the attack surface is fairly broad for a police service. There is a basic bootstrapping problem with all these systems, where either you have a TSM facility of some sort, or you accept the ostensibly very low likelihood that your key provisioning protocol gets compromised. Trouble is, if you are a target of any intelligence interest, any linux remote zero day means your provisioning server is probably going to get owned out of the gate as soon as someone seizes one of your devices. Not checking a signature seems like an unforced error, but really, there are so many plausible ways this could have happened. It's difficult to explain how broken real social networks are post-social media. First, friendships for men and women are different. The women (over 30) I know are a kind of social glue who are the center of their networks, and they are the ones organizing parties, dinners, events etc. However, as a man, if you depend on others for your social network, you are going to lose it if you don't have activity friends. If you don't have activities, you are going to be a leaf node someone elses network. For men, the most social activities I can recommend in order of sociability are, volunteering and political parties/activity, fraternal organizations e.g. ( https://www.netflix.com/ca/title/80240816 ) , team sports (hockey, soccer, etc) then things like group activities like sailing, crossfit, golf(!), group cycling, outdoorsmanship like hunting, camping, etc. If you live in a city, it's extra hard. Treat your social network like maintaining fitness or keeping up a skill, it requires exercise. Really depends on your threat model. If it includes international police and intelligence agencies, a COTS HSM seems optimistic. That would be a bold statement. However, social media takes time that imposes opportunity costs. While I can't source it now, when I read that most online daters spent 12h on the site for every real life meeting, I deleted my profiles and never went back. The performative aspect of social media makes sincere connection difficult because it makes people overly conscious about how it reflects their presented, aspirational image, and that repels intimacy. It's a panopticon where everyone lives in fear of imaginary judgement. It is a laughably narrow and perverse status signalling game, with the civic merit of a slot machine in every pocket. When you compare time spent on social media to that spent on the things I mentioned above, it would be hard to say it produces good people, let alone ones worth knowing. It it were aliens, they are probably making contact with the cephalopod population under the sea to see if they have developed technology yet, and in this planets case they've found another monkey hominid infestation in one of those rare millennia before its civilizations manage to collectively off themselves. The cephs are better suited to space travel owing to their ability to survive cryogenisis, replication of their memories and intelligence throughout their bodies, no need for gravity, ability to breed i large numbers and transmit information to offspring. Hominids are a peculiarity of adapting to a given planet, where the cepholopods are adaptable to more common environments in the universe. Driving is a perfect and mundane example of unconscious competence most people have. If you could perform with the simple confidence of driving to work,you would probably be very good at what you were doing. A friend once rhetorically asked me what trying to be funny meant, and of course it means being not funny, yet when we want to achieve some other end we approach it by trying. Yoda summed it up well, but we don't really get a chance to understand what it really means. Trying to drive on a highway is farcically dangerous, but simply driving on one is among the safest ways to drive. There is a mental change that comes from physical competence where you no longer fear failure, and I'd argue its that lack of fear that makes the difference at elite levels where skills are largely equal. It also makes the difference in the rate at which you learn. The try/humiliate style of teaching is a way to produce industrial scale mediocrity, and so few can appreciate the difference that there is often no reason to change. Seems survivor bias explains why many ostensibly successful people are boring. What is the anti-pattern in our organizations that produces leaders who lack competence and charisma? It's like somehow we've managed to collectively optimize against producing people others might actually admire. Arguably much of what the author calls "relationship building," manifests in many organizations as "ability to conspire to undermine more talented and honest people." Perhaps highly intelligent people do not belong in large organizations precisely because that particular talent is optimized for explosive growth and change that large orgs are necessarily structured to suppress in favour of stability. One should recognize whether they are more of a fox or a hedgehog, and then decide where they belong. If you are really that intelligent, you should feel obligated to take outsize risks, because the success that comes from anything other than your talent will feel empty and dishonest. I also find that feelings of failure, shame, and regret are inversely proportional to the amount of risk I took. I wonder if that's generally true. Intuitively, this seems like an obverse of the "optimal stopping problem." https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Optimal_stopping or the subset of the Odds Algorithm ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Odds_algorithm ) where optimal stopping point to find the highest quality item in a sample is essentially N * 1/e = 0.368... Handwavily, this resembles the rule of three, where we could probably say instead, "the rule of 1/e," because both of these appear to be artifacts of the same relationship and same type of problem. I'd say if you can afford it, it's not real risk. The Economist has been doing anonymous articles for about 100 years, I think the only difference is they are not controversial. The distinction would be interesting. The controversial journal is the single voice in this case, and the question of whether the pseudonyms are anonymous, or linkable by the editors to a real identity is the difference. How would you describe the difference as fundamental? Is it of who a reader has recourse to? Separately, TE isn't exactly provocative or brave. 22 years ago, TE was brave, because at that time transgression against middle class values was a big part of the elite they represented. The cultural obligation for the privileged to voice principled dissent is no longer a thing. We buried it with Christopher Hitchens. TE is a group of editors who assign to a large pool of contributors, many of whom are freelancers. Not unlike the controversy journal, which will also publish third party material without direct individual attribution. I would argue the controversy journal allowing pseudonyms for writers is exactly the same as non-bylined articles. Of the values of the last decade that are now held above public criticism, I doubt TE has issued a compelling challenge to any of them, discretion being the better part of valour these days. Utterly fanciful speculation here, but my impression was many of the current scandals facing Facebook are to determine whether Zuck can be marginalized into a non-operational Bill Gates-like role, making room for Sandberg to become Internet Queen. I only half joke, but it's an immensely powerful global role, but senior geeks within FB are still a bit idealistic and principled and will defer to Zuck on any of her ambitions to operate FB like the institutions she cut her teeth at, e.g. as a private state department, or a para-governmental agency, like something with the power of the Fed but for global politics. This caps her ability to wield FB's political power to its fullest extent, and for someone of her calibre, she's only going to see it as a constraint in the way of her full potential. If Zuck manages to weather the scandals, it means she needs to be thinking about what's next, as she's not going to be content as #2. The most obvious "next," given her background and record was the democratic nomination to make a cakewalk run for president in 2020. 2016 made it obvious it's anyone's to lose, but the firmness of the ceiling at FB needed to be proven out first. E.g. ruling out internet queen before giving up one of the most powerful private sector jobs on earth on a presidential run. That's why we saw Zuck pushed to the fore earlier this year, because if he was vulnerable to being politically isolated (and sent out to philanthropic pasture), that opportunity would mean growth within FB for Sandberg. Turns out, dude is made of teflon, and then something else happened. The mid-terms mediocre showing (e.g. no blue landslide) means the competition for the 2020 nomination is suddenly less urgent because the president still has a reasonable chance of re-election. Democrats will field good candidates, but nobody is going to give up a global power role to take the chance while the president's base is holding. Certainly not the sort of chances you'd give up being internet queen for. So, by this view, expect the FB scandals to fall off because Sandberg has always been capable of single handedly containing them, and only while she made her decision about 2020 was it briefly useful to expose Zuck to the elements and see if he survived. Now that the mid-terms have taken 2020 off the table, she can use her role to build a juggernaut base of operations for a 2024 run. I'm not involved at all, to the point where this borders on weird fanfic, but reading the tea leaves, in her position, what else would you do? So they've got cash and no ideas? If I were an investor I would be livid. How is this different from blowing your funding round at a blackjack table? The certification discussion usually raises hackles among security people. I've been in infosec for over 20 years, so take from this what you will. Question is what kind of work you plan to do. If you are contracting, most public sector contracts are awarded on a points scoring system that gives points for certifications. Given the value of a given contract (e.g. say, ~$200k for a year) paying for a $5k-$10k option on all of them is a sound bet. Other things could tip a points scale, but this is the advantage is what you pay for. From an economics standpoint, demonstrating differentiated skill is hard. In the jargon, it means signalling costs for competence in security are very high. Many people use papers, blogs, conference speaking, exploits, open source contributions, and media hits to differentiate themselves, and the work that goes into this is more than most normal people put into their careers. A certification doesn't get you the same thing, but it will level you up to a point where many customers/clients are indifferent to the extra value implied by other peoples high cost signals. Is it an honest signal of skill or technical capability? No, but it's sufficient for most procurement cases. The market (and the ISC2) has tried (and largely succeeded in it) to make the CISSP a bar to entry. It sounds from the OPs post that he is an individual contributor (IC) (instead of a manager) who wants to get into security because it is an IC role with a better future for an older worker than devops. Realistically, a Masters in information security (distance education on this galore) is sufficient for a drop-in director of security role, as the role is mainly about navigating a large organization and buying technical talent as-needed. I would say having serious technical chops will differentiate you among security pros, where the market has become flooded with non-technical audit and governance people whose role is as an organizational gatekeeper. Some amazing technical security pros will scoff at this, but what most people don't get is there is a point of diminishing marginal return on technical skill, where the only people who can even begin to appreciate your skills need to be at least half way there, and coincidentally, employers can't tell the difference, and they are a lot cheaper than you are. The professionalization of the field has meant a new class of administrators will just buy tech expertise when they need it, and operate largely by trading on their political veto (the black box of risk) in their respective organizations. If you are a technical IC who wants to rebrand as a security technical IC, it's interesting and challenging work with a great culture around it. However, be aware that given the expense and demand of it, the market is being flooded, and my recommendation would be that the longer term game would be to use it as a lever into a general management (or at least SE) role, one that you can still find work in when you are 50. In answer to your final question, get education that is portable that you can leverage into that general management role. So again, Masters of infosec will set you up for a role you can do when you are 50, whereas technical courses only have about a 5-8 year value horizon. Front running news is a standard play. The line for me has always been lying and sabotaging others, but I've found that even this sort of honesty gets you blindsided by those who don't share it. You don't anticipate it when you aren't in the habit of doing it. As a thought experiment, try to re-imagine the idea of honour as a luxury, where people raised to value and expect it have been saddled with a privileged misapprehension that they do not have the power to enforce on their environments. Viewed through this lens, an expectation of honesty and relationships with principles and interactions according to rules is an artifact, if not the definition, of a poor education - one that does not equip them to succeed in organizations that have optimized this costly luxury out. Ending this thought experiment, consider how someone without that luxury and little exposure to it might operate, and what it might mean if to succeed, you had to leave a luxury you took for granted from a former life behind. My recommendation would be to grieve it briefly, look forward to a time when it doesn't cost you dearly as it has, and then move on. Probably the two most important works on the topic in 30 years: https://www.amazon.ca/Power-Some-People-Have-Others/dp/00617... https://www.amazon.ca/Getting-Yes-Negotiating-Agreement-With... Worked in security for over decade before Snowden, kept finding things I couldn't talk about, knowing I'd found the tip of an iceberg in many places without being able to piece it together. When it all came out, was relieved not to be nuts, and was more interested in what regular people thought of the whole thing. Normal people know what "parallel construction," is and how elected governments will use these systems for political ends. What I don't understand is why it's not a bigger public issue with all the controversy around the current U.S. president. The scenario where a radical takes power and has control of these systems was the precise nightmare scenario everyone was concerned about, and yet mass surveillance just isn't a part of the popular discourse in the culture war. Is it because the other team wants to use it too, or is it because the current perceived radical tyrant isn't dangerous enough? There is a general problem of massive amounts of liquid cash looking for an asset, and an increasing dearth in quality loan collateral. Appears nudes are the new pound of flesh. Surely, next will be a way to securitize tranches of pawn tickets. If the coordinated persecution of individuals is a democratic exercise of freedom of speech and association, then a commensurate protection to ensure these freedoms for all, whether they are the persecutors or persecuted, is a reasonable action. The new journal in the OP would meet this criteria. Payment processing is so heavily regulated and dependent on networks, it's hard to make the case that they are a normal businesses. When you have KYC obligations, you have to collect intelligence on your customers and supply it to the government, and that's not something a hotdog stand or a bookstore needs to do. Payment companies are different. Patreon may well be within its rights and contracts to sabotage business partners it disagrees with, but the artificial barrier to market entry of a license for processing payments makes their righteous posturing a bit vainglorious. I get these people don't do principle, but it's worth considering the broader impact of dispensing with it. To answer the question about the value of "AI," it is a black box of pretexts you can use for leverage. Expenses policies are usually grey enough that if you want someone out of the company without significant severance, using the expenses policy as a pretext imposes costs on the target they probably won't fight. If a company wants to keep someone, there is no end to the excesses they will tolerate barring any liabilities greater than the value they bring. If they want to get rid of someone, the mechanism and the true reason are usually very different. Useful rule is to treat any company expense as a vulnerability that will be used against you in a severance negotiation. Arguably, a more accurate Turing test would be one where instead of being indifferent as to whether we are communicating with a human or machine - we decide that a machine is sufficiently intelligent if it can provide us with pretexts for political leverage against other people. Was disappointed that one of the comments was marked as dead on this thread. It contained an important point (if in isolation): "Since the rioters are protesting a Green Tax, the media (and HN) concludes that Facebook, Russia, or a general lack of cognitive ability among the French working class must be the cause." Barring the self sabotaging dig at HN, treating peoples concerns as incoherent provokes escalation, which appears to be the case in France. The popular culture war likely reduces to traditional class lines, and history tends to treat managerial elites who develop contempt for their workers rather badly. Between the Guardian and other newspapers forfeiting their credibility for cheap political points, and the troubling view that filter bubbles and social media censorship create a simulation that props up an increasingly unpopular elite, sites like BuzzFeed should act like they have a sense of proportion. Surely Marie Antoinette had no idea what she would be remembered for either. If only someone could have got through to her. This idea of keeping the family happy suggests a niche market unto itself. I can think of a few services that would make that easier. There are a bunch of high end concierge services out there, but one that focused on founder families is like an extended family office. Gears turning. As a former (or perhaps just occasional) style writer who has put a great deal of thought into what peoples decisions about what they wear actually mean, 20 years ago the author's "premium mediocre," used to be called "aspirational products." These were the keychains, perfumes, and ballcaps with astronomical margins that made the real money on the other side of the business, which was their loss leading spectacle (haute couture, etc.) You can't afford a DeHavilland Beaver airplane, but you can buy this saddle stitched wallet as a symbol to remind you of the image of one. The aspirational products matter because they give us information about peoples true desires. It's a leading indicator for culture and politics. Even the Cambridge Analytica scandal was started by someone who was able to link peoples political leanings to the brands they chose. (I'd link the article but it's behind the FT paywall.) When someone gets up in the morning, the things they choose to wear are an expression of what team they think they are on, what tribe they think they are a part of, who they think their main stakeholders are, and what kind of incentives motivate them. In business, that's about all you need to know about someone. Given this, I get the impression fashion, business and culture are not the main field of the author of this op-ed. Gave it a read, and the distinction between previous incarnations of entry middle classes and this new category still do not seem to supplant the originals. It's interesting, and recommend it. Arguably, given politics is how we reconcile diverging interests, it is what you get when people are not aligned to the same principles. When you have peers without clear principles, you have politics. Poor leadership causes people to reach for whatever tools they can find to ensure their personal interests prevail. In a startup if you have politics, it is because you don't have direction and you are basically burning cash while everyone re-negotiates how they relate to one another at each new interaction. If you are in a company that is political without being profitable, I suspect they're already dead and would use it as a platform to get your next gig and split. If it is profitable and political, I would opt to take cash, as their stock will have more downside than upside because they are optimizing for survival not growth. No politics and no profit? Probably a cult. Profitable with no politics? Sell everything you own to buy options. In a large company, you are basically the minder of capital or assets, with survival and continuity prioritized over growth. When it stops growing at a sufficient rate, it's going to stop producing value and growth and enter a cycle of pathological optimization. Setting people against one another in this fixed resource environment is economical when you have a stable business that needs optimization. Fittest survive, etc. But for growth, that misalignment just creates massive opportunity cost. Where you have managers sitting on a pile of capital with no sense of how to grow it, they end up operating a death spiral as they switch from the growth strategy they were not equipped for, to more familiar optimization strategies. Management anti-patterns are the effect of incentives, and clear leadership (vision, direction, alignment) has the ability to resolve those. Leadership obviates politics, and in places where it's good, people know what is expected of them and others, and where they fit in. For this reason, I think professional managers often don't belong in startup environments because they are trained to optimize for fitness and not growth. "If one would give me six lines written by the hand of the most honest man, I would find something in them to have him hanged." -- Cardinal Richelieu I think there is a reckoning coming in terms of what "educated worker" means, as increasingly, it does not mean "competent." Competence and specialization is what drives rural economies. Machine repair, fabrication, feed mills, legal services, construction, teaching, child care, animal and livestock services, all require physical competence. These are considered blue collar jobs, because they require someone to actually do something to create value. I would argue that the soft skills that corporate environments require do not create value, they at best manage capital, and usually deal in the factors and derivatives of negotiating wealth transfers and businesses that reduce to forms of amusement, posterity, and entertainment. The urban/rural resentment has a lot to do with the relative dependency of each on the other. Cities need food, and farms need capital. Globalization means cities can get food for less from around the world, and the margins on farming are so thin that capital is mostly only accessible at the conglomerate scale. Competence can be bought from a global supply chain, so rural economies are collapsing precisely because of globalization (e.g. international trade liberalization), and because of distorted fiscal policies that destroy local wealth in favour of centralizing it from global sources. The results have been, and remain predictable. What is very likely is that city housing prices will become so high that companies will have to use remote workers to produce goods while paying the cost of living, and this will drive broadband investment. However the real crisis is that the traditional urban/rural dependency and cultural divide is polarizing in favour of the urban side, who can be defined as the sort of people who use phrases like, "left behind," and who lack an apprehension of what follows ecological imbalance at this scale. Adding educated workers to small towns will not revitalize them, and nor will building public works with public administrative jobs. Until there is a way to generate productive and competitive capital and build real wealth in them, without suffering predation by both their respective governments and globalized markets, they will continue to disappear. Worked in the space of using ML for security analysis. My experience of it was that it was a race for novel applications for now-standard toolkits. The kinds of problems I encountered require you have an org where you can lose a top shelf researcher/architect for 4-5 months while they train up on new tools and then use them to run down rabbit holes. This requires both vision and direction, and a moonshot culture to support it. Chronicle's focus on their customers' problem in the article is sound, the next step is that each customer, or class of customer is going to be defined by their own specific ROC curve, relative to their business. Some just want raw data, others the world ends over a missed alert (false negative), still others have costs associated with false positives. When you are doing a deterministic rules based system, it's straight forward, but when you get into dynamic and scoring based systems like ML, the responses to it are going to be polarized between customers, and you need top a level vision to tie the whole product narrative together. It's not a thing you stand up that everyone uses, and few people want to buy a framework with a bunch of gigo based trade-offs. Something I discovered in my own work was that the threat model is the business model, both for products and surprisingly for customers as well. I'm really interested in what Chronicle comes up with, as these are truly Hard problems. The treatment of their ROC curve is precisely the problem I encountered in product for a closely related tech. This is a great way to do vulnerability research, surprisingly good malware detection, but a less good way to provide an assurance service. Great post, and a good step towards the general problem of code reputation. Panics about secret societies and fraternal organizations are a useful leading indicator of an authoritarian political tide. When you look at who worries about them, and governments that make pronouncements about them, looking back on who the good guys were, it usually wasn't the ones threatened by what happens when good men find a way to connect with one another. For the sake of argument, I'll say, "spies aren't cool." Interestingly, about half of the "tips," Dulles writes are standard management training these days. The spy business as described is about using others as instruments, and I would argue most flat organizations are just a bunch of bored managers trying to get leverage over one another using similar tactics. Trouble I have with the whole spy genre is it is the exaltation of deceptive people, which by most standards means objectively terrible. The people I've met in the past who I pinned as "spies," seemed fun and intelligent, yet predictable and compromised. They were creatures of their institutions and just not free people, and on a basic level, they got off on betraying others. That inner smallness was what I think made them suitable for that job, and the remnants of admirable qualities that made some of them leave. The WWII and cold war era seems romantic, but now it appears mostly what spies do is manage their domestic political situation as to maintain a status quo of an increasingly unpopular elite, who have more in common with their international counterparts than the citizens they ostensibly protect. Examples of states with advanced espionage operations can also be described as "kakistocracies," where people are promoted to senior roles for their ability to abuse and deceive. ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kakistocracy ) Are spies necessary? Sure, but only for a very narrow military counter intelligence mission, and any creep beyond that should be seen as a social ill. I would argue there are more actors who do their own stunts than spies who risk their own lives (albeit I can't comment on those of others). It seems closer to being a reporter, where you cultivate sources and relationships for access to information and better sources. Very similar personality type, hence why they recruit people with marketing and PR backgrounds, where instead of being earnest and civic minded or ideological like a reporter, they apply those same journalistic skills strategically. I'm with N. Taleb on the "suppressed volatility multiplies danger," principle. (some here, goog: taleb suppressed volatility, http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/nassim-nicholas-t... ) If the loans are guaranteed by the government and people can't discharge them, then there is almost zero risk to the creditor. How do they justify charging interest higher than a government bond? I can see why there are rumblings of loan forgiveness, as it has metastasized into something truly horrible. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Debt_bondage#Definition While I use Signal and am a proponent of secure messaging in general, it would be valuable to discuss the threat models for different messengers and privacy techs. Threema looks smart, and I what I think is missing from the material is what threats it addresses and how. Does it: - protect the content of your messages from mass interception? (appears to, barring crypto errors) - protect the anonymity of you and your correspondents from network operators and their staff and admins? - protect your contacts and messages from reading and exfiltration by other apps on your phone? - protect content of your messages from corporate mobile device management tools? - protect anonymity of correspondents and contents of messages from targeted malware that has rooted or jailbroken the device? (probably not, but wickr's aliases can mitigate it somewhat) - protect anonymity of you and your correspondents from captive portals? (+ message secrecy/integrity) - protect message content and correspondent anonymity from theives/attackers/co-workers with phone imaging forensic tools? - protect group membership from infiltration using unauthorized, stolen, or cloned app memory images? This isn't a complete threat model (I generate these for a living), but having short answers to these would go a long way to making a case for a secure messaging product. Globalization means kids are now competing globally even for local social mobility and they can sense it. The consequences of failure are worse than they were, and they are running to stand still. They'll figure things out, but it's not going to look like the past. The problem BitPatron and others are solving for is of opaque political interests exerting influence on an oligopoly of payments providers. Right or left, payment freedom and diversity is a problem worth solving. If people are seriously accepting moral leadership from credit card companies, what is there really to add. Have commented here before on the link between horsemanship (for which Xenophon's treatise is the philosophical foundation) and leadership, (Xenophon's key preoccupation according to the article.) Officer classes were usually trained in horsemanship for very good reason. It's one of the few transformative experiences that can be taught and practised. Before cars, horses were probably one of the few sources of what we now call "peak experiences" available. Today we can fly and jump out of planes, ride motorcycles, surf, and achieve the transcendent "self-actualization" required for leadership through a variety of other peak experiences, so horsemanship has become a kind of esoteric pursuit. But the underlying need for self-actualized leaders hasn't changed. Or maybe it has, but a few people still see the gap but don't have the words to describe it. Looking forward to reading Anabasis. Thought it was a funny snark joke, but funny in more ways than perhaps intended. I have seriously thought of operating a horse camp for executives. Most of what's out there is touchy feely healing lodge crap, where historically, cavalry was where leaders were minted, and their core training was sometimes as short as a few weeks. People in offices spend most of their time around unstable neurotic personalities, and it means they have no gravitas to bring to their teams. That instability breaks creative flow and prevents people from committing, and that dissonance is what creates stress and suffering that staff take home. It's no accident that one the most famous charisma trainers, Olivia Fox-Cabane, was/is also a horsewoman as well. It's funny to say remedial horse camp for crap execs, but if you have ever been on one of those infantalizing management retreats, treating people like adults would be orders of magnitude better. The process described is not an inquiry, it's a show trial. If the article is accurate and complete, by what standard is this institution not considered irrevocably compromised? If the powers of an institution can be wielded in such a petty political way, they are courting popular revolt. The broader risk is that in a stack of applicants, if the only thing someone knows about Portland State University is its hyperpoliticized environment, one could see how a CV might not make the first cut of phone screens. These show trial people are disadvantaging their students. These price lists look like "malicious compliance." Based on the quality of published data, one could rank hospitals in order of probable honesty. Crowd sourcing estimated bills based on price data vs. actual bills would provide another metric. If we in tech treated hospitals as being engaged in predatory wealth destruction, we could probably make a dent in the harm they cause. The most authoritative data could come from medical bill debts in collection, with signals in regard to how likely a given hospital is to make an egregious claim. The meaningful aspect of my bootstrapped startup project is I believe that honest, trustworthy products improve the quality of peoples lives. Removing friction on teams so they can build products people can trust is what my tool does, so that's meaningful work to me. I know a couple of men like this, and it's not confidence, arrogance, or judgmentalism that defines them, it's a lack of respect for normal adult boundaries, and a need for external validation that motivates their basic decision making. It's solvable for them if they learn enough, but I see them as psychologically un-weaned. Men interact based on boundaries and often hierarchies, and a guy who is obliviously transgressive to that is usually thought of as "on the spectrum," or more rarely, a narcissist. Sometimes they are in actual positions of competence or authority, where their lack of respect for personal boundaries is consistent with an externally granted authority role, and this misdirects from the more pathological aspect of their behavior. Being transgressive is sometimes a sign of exceptional intelligence as well, so people tolerate it under the aegis of "brilliant jerk." Personally, I have some sympathy for them because it's such a steep hill to climb if they are going to ever improve, but have learned to just be unambiguous about setting boundaries and making it clear I think they have a blind spot on boundaries they need to manage. Provided you aren't being paid to take their abuse, you can reasonably say to them, "Consider whether you may have a blind spot on personal boundaries." If you are being paid, I recommend getting paid somewhere else. Companies like this have a bright future as the result of a quirk of resource economics. Short version is, resource rich governments don't need a sophisticated state apparatus to stay in power, so long as they can pay the army. (See "resource curse," and demesquitas "logic of political suvival") It means their domestic intelligence capability is not as mature as that of a democracy, so they have to go to market for sophisticated technical surveillance services. Enter mercenary intelligence companies like NSO. Mexico is an exception, but in general if there were a way to get early exposure to this market, the margins are probably hyper political and irrational, and it's not going away. Maybe DPRK will trade these services to unstable regimes for currency and support, but imo these sort of companies are here to stay. Democracies have mature intel capabilities because their public services are so large that they can mobilize the resources for things like custom malware, electronics, and a kind of parallel tech industry. Basically, if a government depends on a tax base (and not resource money), it's going to have a real domestic intelligence capability. This also explains non-democratic but sophistcated states, as it's a question of tax base. Democracies are a useful example of this. In a resource cursed economy, the government doesn't need public services because they make their money on resources, not taxes. What's changed is their people have cell phones and can organize online, which means small coalition resource states are on their back foot, hence going to the mercenary market for intel solutions. I encourage you to look up the references in the original comment to become familiar with the dynamics at play. Again, I would encourage you to look up demesquitas "logic of political survival." It provides the foundation for the view, and isn't really something one can intuit without familiarity with the model. Just means the main use case for "AI," (not ML) is probably too ambitious for tech for the foreseeable future. ML has a lot of useful applications for decision support and data analysis. But the key use case for AI is: to be sufficiently sophisticated that it can shield owners and managers from liability. I would go so far as to say there are almost no instances where someone using the term "AI" is not referring to the deflection of liability for an outcome from a human owner or manager. It's a euphemism and we should identify it when people use it. Perhaps to coin a phrase, we should specify that AI really means "deflected or diffuse accountability," or DA. The question begged on formal methods is, who is the customer of the design? To accept a formal design, you must also be bound by the constraints and timelines it specifies, which reduces your flexibility. The perception the OP or someone here might correct is, formal methods frustrate corner cutting and other product level optimizations that return margins, optionality, performance bonuses, positioning and leverage, "moving the needle," and other higher order fudges that are realities of human organization. One example is how producing a security design to provide assurances to exogenous stakeholders becomes a forcing function on feature commitments. e.g. "if you do this feature, you need these controls, which means if you don't have those controls, you aren't delivering the feature by date X, and now there is a paper trail that you know that. have fun at the customer meeting!" This is a crude example, but makes the point. From a product and exec perspective, that forcing function knocks the ball out of the air / collapses the wave function in regard to "who knew what when," as it relates to making feature commitments to customers, sales people, and channel partners, etc. These are all people whose interests are not necessarily aligned. Much of enterprise tech business is keeping that equilibrium unstable in a kind of strategic fog while you build a coalition of stakeholders that gets your company paid. A methodology that forces decisions in those relationships will get mutinied by sales pretty fast. (It's often hard to tell whether people are solving these higher order alignment problems or just being dishonest, and many of them don't even know for themselves.) In this sense, formal methods solve engineers problems but not necessarily business problems. Playing the cynical customer, I don't care how much marginal residual risk there is, I only care who holds it. Above a certain level, detail just means "caveat emptor." It's a critical view of org behavior, but finding a customer for the models themselves (other than compliance) would go a long way to getting them adopted. I find the tone of articles like these to be patronizing. Let's be clear, the hollowing out of rural economies is a direct and explicit effect of trade policy, and not some accident of economics and markets. The precise dynamic in this article is that where previously cities provided capital and farms provided food, with a spectrum of services in between - with globalization, cities no longer depend on their regional rural partners, and can meet demand for food and goods using cheap international suppliers, financial flows of hot money, and massive debt funded deficits. Unskilled labour and manufacturing don't have a problem when countries enact policies with a national interest because tariffs and anti-dumping rules create a price preference for nationally produced goods and services. It has almost nothing to do with the skills or qualifications of rural workers. This is policy. The Bloomberg author's false lament for these "left behind" workers is nothing but sanctimonious cant. edit: tl;dr: what's more likely to prevail, a system of globalization or the interests of rural people? I know where I will place my bet. If you are randomly placed above the median on a pareto or exponential distribution of rewards,and everyone below the 40th percentile selects out, you are going to be phenomenally successful just from survivor bias. Just survive long enough to be lucky. William Blake said it well with, "if only the fool would persist in his folly he would become wise." If you have an ex- or a problem with someone who works at Google or Facebook, what recourse do you have? In health, we talk about consent directives for ex-spouses of doctors, and even the NSA had some limited controls for loveint, but there is a real danger. There are a lot of unprincipled people in tech now and that's only going to get worse. People are a poor source of entropy in general. You could probably infer the same information just from any cyclical device usage. Contact frequency, accelerometer patterns, Tinder/Uber usage. Sounds like the sort of predictive analytics Uber could use to micro surge price women. What would be useful? The rare instances where police plant drugs on suspects likely happens more often than it's caught, and planting DNA at a crime scene or asserting they got their sample from the scene is only marginally more trivial. How is an investigator asserting that they found the trace DNA from hair or saliva they are presenting as evidence at the crime scene any different from any other assertion? While these are exceptions, horrible abuses have already been committed by lying forensic specialists. In Canada, we had a forensic lab fabricate drug use evidence against mothers, who ended up losing their children. http://projects.thestar.com/motherisk/ , similarly, a pathologist was charged for fabricating evidence as well, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Smith_(pathologist) . These are low likelihood scenarios, but with an extreme impact that has consequences for the integrity of the system. These are in recent memory, and only examples who were caught. Recommend this video instead. Comes with a python library (Ciw). https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_sIus0mPSM I played with some python queuing to model an analysis pipeline of microservices, as when one of the analytic steps took too long, it jammed up the queue. A visual queue modeller for microservice orchestrations was a project I abandoned. Would be a fun utility, but requires people building services have heard of queues to begin with. While I haven't ghosted anyone, if you are sure you will not be able to get an honest reference from them because they were dishonest people, if they say you ghosted them, at least it's clear to anyone asking that there is another side to the story. Let's say you worked at a Theranos, your options are a) to quit amicably with the real risk they will try to discredit you to protect their reputation, b) stay and become compromised until you are thrown under the bus and fired, or c) cut off all contact and create uncertainty about how much leverage you could have while you move on and rebuild. Barring martyring yourself as a whistle blower with or without evidence, c) looks pretty good. Looking back viewed through a lens like this, I can say people could even regret not-ghosting some former employers. Concise articulation, and valuable. My comment is that this is happy-path advice. Corporate culture has changed to where instead of handling conflict according to principle (e.g. Harvard negotiation project, getting to yes, principled negotiations etc), today people are trained to out-passive each other, and marshal political campaigns to isolate opposition. (salience, political survival, working the ref, etc.) The moment you acknowledge that the person you are dealing with is being disingenuous and manipulative is the moment you have lost. That you can see the mechanism critically signals you do not have power, and that you cannot be trusted to "keep the ball in the air." The typical response to this is, "that's black and white thinking, people have different perspectives and views, which are valuable and legitimate." While that is generally true, different perspectives aren't the problem, nor are they new. It's a minority of people who exploit the agreeableness and civility of others with a small toolkit of negative plays, and who cluster in high-status organizations because they are motivated by proximity to power, but without responsibility itself. The OP articulates valuable patterns for navigating flat organizations in calm seas. A set of patterns that describe when the knives are out would be a helpful follow up. Indeed, turns out I may also have described "gaslighting," https://www.psychologytoday.com/ca/blog/here-there-and-every... , which is perhaps why I sound so grouchy. Like a startup whose leadership in effect says, "we just raised way too much money and have no path to market fit, let's just gaslight the talent until they attrition out and we can blame them for the time lost, while hopefully our competitors will establish a market where then the board can find a greater fool to buy us before we have to raise another round." Please, help me be wrong. :) Do you pay income tax on the rental income as well? This would add about %30-45 to your mortgage payment breakeven as well, no? If your mortgage payment is $1000/mo, you need that in after-tax dollars in addition to gap months and maintenance. This pushes rents up for single property landlords in the top marginal rate, or am I missing something. Net expenses, but the equity in the property seems like income (as you can tell iana landlord). Income taxes likely contribute a significant percentage of the difference between mortgage payments an rent prices. For a REIT, this is different, but for an individual owner renting out a second property and paying income taxes on the rent income, would this not create a significant difference? This is so valuable, just to have a reference point to ask, "so I've seen other sheets with X, what's the case for your preference?" I have neither raised or invested, but do a lot of negotiations and having an external reference for framing discussion creates a lot of value. Seed is still in front of me, but these templates remove a lot of friction. I was going to not-comment because it was just good news, but in case there was doubt, this is great. [mis-post, replied to wrong thread.] - Can you describe your key/northstar metric, what goes into it, and how it's doing? - What is your runway/burn rate? - If equity is part of the comp, may I see a cap table first? My experience has been that if these things are secret, they are looking for disposable pawns. Sometimes you just need the gig, but go in eyes open. While I thought part of the solution would be to cite the individual journalists who made these claims against him, but having written professionally, often even the writers do not have copy approval on their stories before publication. There are some terrible people writing these days, but a relatively anonymous editor slipping in something awful, ideological, or vicious under someones byline is quite common. If you don't play ball, you don't work again. The way Heintz is described, I've encountered similar personalities among people we might describe as super high IQ (a kind of narrow dimension intelligence) where it's like you're a millionaire in a currency almost nobody accepts, and the meta-problem of how to apply and deploy that wealth leads to recklessness, paranoia, and seeking out self destruction. This was a sad story about a clear trajectory of decline, but one facilitated and enabled by journalists. "The Dictator's Handbook" by DeMesquita and Smith is a popular take on their academic work that describes a metamodel for reasoning about power and politics that bypasses how things "may" or "should" work and talks about how they "must" work. https://www.amazon.ca/Dictators-Handbook-Behavior-Almost-Pol... And a general +1 for GEB. If you read that as a teenager, you are different for it. When I read the original essay, my impression was the author generally misunderstood what a business actually is. The purpose of a manager (a flunky/goon bullshit job) is to abstract agents from principals to define that separation. Most bullshit jobs form the demarcation between these abstractions. It's delegation. These people are essentially financial furniture who have engineered a kind of managerial capture of the principals capital, and in turn pay themselves exorbitantly. We talk about a tech bubble, but what have really seen is a 35 year management bubble. Who are these principals, the owners of the capital? When you look at the largest capital pools they belong to pensioners, tax payers, trusts, depositors, saver/investors, insurance policy holders, and other collective owners. Interestingly, managing these pools is where all the bullshit jobs exist as well. These bullshit jobs with decadent pay differences are the effect of managerial capture of these mutual/collective capital bases. I'd speculate it's possible that a lot of political views across the spectrum could be described in terms of a principals revolt against capture by their agents. Using Jeffery Pfeffer's model, power in business and organizations is a function of performance, credentials, and relationships. These are weighted differently in different places. It's important to know how they are weighted in your field of endeavour, because it describes how people will be sorted for success. I would argue that it depends on what you are aiming for, and what your desired outcome is. If there is attrition in your field, figure out why people lose. Is it incompetence, a terminal lack of guanxi, or did they get layered by someone from the right school? Different types of orgs are defined by how they are weighted. Security startups, pure performance and relationships, with credentials a distant third. Historically anyway, it's changing. Since we're talking power, not rewards, relationships and credentials appear to trump raw performance at some FAANGs as their business models professionalize. Impression is venture funding goes to whoever fits the profile, so ivy credentials with relationships have the advantage over performance. Different stages weight accordingly. The best businesses require the least competence to operate and maintain, so maturity converges on incompetent, nepotistic snake pits. :) Reddit always seemed to me like an english training corpus for ML political sorting into "neuro linguistic" tribal affiliations. I imagine a near future HR department feeding sent-mail writing samples into a service that categorizes people based on their relative fit and a risk assessment that uses subreddit cultures as a base set. Reddit has some amazing communities for tech and hobbies, it also had some dark places. Interesting to view Airbnb as a kind of capital flight for property. The risk/reward of short term rentals is better than that of tenants, and so owners are switching. The main gap is between the risk adjusted value of a lease vs. the potential income on short term rentals. Theoretically, over the long term, the net value of a lease should be greater than what you can net from the short term market, but something has broken that. Also, given that rental income is taxed as regular income at the top marginal rate that the owner pays, does that not mean an owner must charge at least %40 more than their mortgage payment to break even? Given most of those condos have mortgages from people with middle class jobs, pricing that in creates a dead loss that would cause rent increases by itself. This slightly ignores how hourly rates are advantageous to they buyer, and when you sell by outcome, you compete against all hourly people, who necessarily have similar ballpark skills and less negotiation ability. Clients will often salami slice work to pay %10-20 on your quote. It is all about leverage (batna). Development work is different than say, security consulting or other design and analysis work, as it's all in the findings. I recommend building a "Matthew Effect," where you have consistent demand independent of price or rate so that you can determine the value of a project objectively. It matters less that your rate is down than being vulnerable to a gap in demand. That gap returns you to wage slavery. From a statistical perspective, in a fair random lottery, would not the shape of the probability distribution of attributes of winners necessarily match that of the resulting qualified applicants? If fairness is defined in this approach as a process that does not add information to the system, and in this case actually removes both information (bias) and noise (bias) equally, all it would serve to do is further obfuscate the cause of being admitted. For an admissions lottery to be considered "fair," you have to assume the participant selection is fair, and that the functioning of the university itself is indifferent to who it gets. Maybe they should A/B test it, where some are admitted at random and their success compared against the traditional admissions process. Arguably, that's even what "legacy," students provide, a sample independent of the admissions process. That we're having this discussion at all is a greater indicator of the waning of the university system as meaningful process, and how undergraduate education is subject to Goodhart's Law, where it has ceased to be a useful measure of aptitude, competence, or much at all anymore really. The point I meant to raise was that the underlying axiom of the piece is that the lottery is fair, when the mechanism for that fairness is simply removing information. There are lots of reasons for it, but a lottery is a fig leaf. The proportion of input students of a type will be the same as in the the output of a fair lottery. Appeals to randomness just forfeit responsibility and ownership of the decision. Was a PM for a product that got criticism for its lack of density. When you are building a powerful tool for power users, you may need density and a lot of levers for flexibility. The consumer/enterprise distinction is huge here. As a domain expert, I was for a sparse UX that emphasized the awesome just-works power of the product. I'll never forget how one bank IT director customer said, "I just can't pay for something with this little on the screen. Can you add more stuff ?" I think the key PM-fail on my part was privately scoffing to the architects afterwards that while we reduced the whites pace, we should also implement the ruby acts_as_enterprisey module to make the product seem crappier. This lack of people insight (and downside of visionary personality type attitude) pretty much summarized my limits as a PM. Real lesson for us was: enterprise users trade on demonstrating their value by performing complex work. It's job security. The stakeholders you need to close an enterprise sale include those users. If your product or UX trivializes someone's job, they are going to fight you. When they say they don't want your UX but they want your data, what they are really saying is, they don't need the problem you think you are solving solved, they are indexed on finding a way to demonstrate their value. I"m learning this the hard way now with a product that doesn't quite close the knowledge gap for non-experts, but am finding it's simplicity is undermining to the authority of experts. Solving problems and demonstrating value are very different things. It's like building a tools vs. building instruments. The UX question I need to answer is, does my product solve a problem, or help a problem solver demonstrate value? If a) then the end user is not my customer, if b) it's going to need a lot more knobs and whistles. White space isn't just white space, it represents the expression of functionality to the customer. The UX design question always takes you back to first principles, who is your customer and what do they need? Such a rare opportunity it is to use the word fatuous to describe someones ideas. The article states, "Programmers who have studied programming languages, development tools, various technologies and patterns, but have not mastered the mathematical foundations, look like artists, who have a perfect understanding of the paints and brushes, learned a lot of tricks, but do not know the colour theory, composition, perspective, human anatomy, and other basics. They may have a lot of brilliant ideas, but they will not be able to express them. And all they can do is to work as assistants or repaint other’s pictures." Backfitting theory to practice and then trying to persuade practitioners and others that they are somehow subject to the abstractions and shibboleths of these gatekeepers, and that we do not understand our own craft, is dishonest. Nassim Taleb calls this "teaching birds how to fly." University education is valuable when it refines and differentiates students. Outside of maths and maybe divinity degrees, most of them have become managerialist diploma mills. I don't think the article was elitist, since one of the first rules of being an actual member of an elite that you don't go on about it like that. Provocative, anyway. Reducing a complex task that takes 10 fingers and gratifying thought to a single button choice architecture is trivializing. Recognizing that interests are rarely articulated is the real art. Popular work in evolutionary psychology would suggest the premise humans have selected against the "reactive aggression," of "alpha males" perhaps overlooks whose children those civilized "proactively aggressive," men were actually raising for all those centuries. The article seems like a proxy for some culture war themes that would be laughable if it were not so insidious. I assure you, we're still here. So strange to see this here as the societal role of horsemanship is an area I'm studying as a side interest. Whether the resolution of this question lets us extrapolate a general principle of technological determinism, whereby an invention topples a global order in place for centuries, it's an interesting anecdote, but I don't think it's a strong foundation for a heuristic we could apply to say, a text editor, cell phone, or a lambda function for that matter. We could use any of these things as the beginning of a post-hoc narrative explanation for a perceived historical change, but causality is weak. However, if you are really interested in how cavalry works and would like to reason about this question, I recommend former games developer James Kingsley who has some great videos on it. He can actually ride, so his videos are a more serious investigation instead of just the speculation of a talking head on a lark. https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLEdnpoTDGX7IcHAPCjTs5... Short article about him: https://www.bbc.com/news/business-39851253 It really seems to depend on the company stage. If the answer to, "did you do everything you could?" is, "well, we could have put %20 more time and effort into it with no additional cash burn," I could see how that could be interpreted as negligence from a fiduciary perspective. On the other hand, %20 less office time could be an honest signal that you are taking risks commensurate with the return level your investors are looking for. If as a founder or leader, you are careful and incremental, I don't think that's what investors put money into VC funds for. The number of stories I read here and elsewhere about investors saying, "I don't want this money back, I want a huge return or nothing, because I don't want to learn I put it behind someone who wasn't committed enough to fail hard." Investors aren't paying you and your team to work, they are paying for the privilege of getting a piece of a massive outcome. You achieve the outcome they want exposure to the best way you know how, and if imposing a risk constraint like %20 less office time does it, great. In this view, you are not their employee, you are their dealer. I could see how it would be hard to persuade investors you were working in their best interest with an attitude like that, but on the other hand, it could be one that is necessary to enable the best possible outcome. It sounds crazy, but the investors themselves are the correlation factor in their portfolio, and the point of putting money into a diversified portfolio of startups is to hedge that correlation, so the more opinionated the investor is about your office culture or other aspects of the business, it's likely the worse they are going to do. No clear answer, but really interesting question. The article includes this tendency to equate ego with what is essentially a secular state of sin, instead of looking behind what ego might be. The view reinforces the just world fallacy that good things happen to good people, if only they could be without ego - and failure can be attributed to said ego's conceits. It's too much to unwrap in a comment, but suffice it to say, while some of this can be helpful to someone in need of it, one would not be alone if they found it cynical and trite. Speculative, but Apple and Goldman are the only ones who can do this because Apple's user base is not fragmented like Android device OEMs. I'd watch this story. By not having an existing card relationship, Goldman is the only one large and flexible enough to stand up new infrastructure that doesn't rely on supporting or integrating to legacy EMV protocols and infrastructure, which could allow for a closed loop between GS and Apple. Even without a closed loop, Apple has a SE in their devices they can provision unique keys to during manufacture and this mitigates the main limitation of EMV tokenization, which was how to provision and manage tokens for offline payments mode, and who holds the risk/gets compensated for it. With a closed loop, they don't need tokens, just a ledger, for which solutions exist. Who loses? G&D, Oburthur, Mastercard, etc. I'd be surprised if this didn't happen. Someone I know makes money at this level and the thing he worries about is that he doesn't have much control over it and if his marriage ends while he's still working, he's going to be on the hook for maintaining that lifestyle whether he wants to or not. It's not what you make, it's how you make it, and whether it's ever really yours. If I were a critic working for the NYT, I could see how even in his most degenerate form, Bukowski lived more deeply and experienced life more profoundly than someone with middling preoccupations could, and also, how desperately necessary it would be to fold him into some critical framework that neutered him, if only to mitigate the shame that lesser writers and the readers of criticism must live with as the price of their successes. All worth it, surely. Those seedy grapes are most certainly sour. He was the man in the arena. Writers for newspapers, well, they write about men like him. This phenomenon in America is related but different, and oddly physical in that the physical presence of people from elite backgrounds often has an almost childlike, sexless affect in both men and women. I think it comes from a lack of reliance on physical competence and years of the practice of acting through others. It's easy to recognize, and almost impossible to fake for very long. I see educated people try to replicate it, and it comes off as a kind of unctuous, false over agreeableness that catches on the same way up-talk and baby talk do among teenagers, but for a set of more subtle affectations related to their schools. The shibboleths of class are ever present, and the best solution to monocultures is to enable better mobility instead of contriving ways to filter against them. And give away the game? Never. However, it essentially boils down to what people perceive as that effortless alignment to power. The difference between real and fake is how effortless it is and why. Musk paid the SEC $20m in his last settlement, what do they want, gratitude? There is definitely a cabal gunning for him, what I don't understand is why. There are funds short TSLA who are talking their books as well, but he seems to have provoked a deeper coalition of interests that is hard to pinpoint. All I can tell is much of the criticism seems contrived. Maybe he's truly checked out because this is all just a simulation, and he wants to test what is symbolic and artificial, and what is real because philosophically and existentially it's the only meaningful problem to address, but from an investor and mental health perspective, that's dissociation and if that's really the case, I hope he likes painting in watercolors. Does anyone know if the targets of this database have a right of reply, and given it is from public sources, does that mean media reports are the primary sources that inform it? The consequences of those questions could be quite serious. Crunchbase to get current and former founders/execs, last rounds etc. Company website for investor relations page if exists, SEC and regulatory filings to get financials, technology roadmaps, prospectuses, etc. Then avoid pinging anyone on linkedin other than to find who the core informal network that runs the company is. Find out: 1. Revenue and runway before next funding round or profitability. This trumps all in product decisions. Long runway means they can invest in new platforms and techs with bet on huge growth. Short runway means getting prestige brands into the sales pipeline to woo next investment round, and leveraging technical debt to survive. Would argue tech debt burden can be estimated as a function of remaining runway. 2. Whether board members and executives still have skin in the game and holding their stock. If board is full of early shareholders who have already been made whole, chances are you aren't their next unicorn, there is no explosive growth, and they've checked out. Expect executive level bullshit politics related to their short term compensation milestones. 3. Informal network: Who went to school with/worked with whom, and whether this role will-be / needs-to-be in that fold, or out of it. If you are not in the fold, you are a dilution target, and someones tool for meeting executive compensation milestones before changing the world. Do the work and take the money, but keep your dreams in check. IMHO, these factors are what determine the company culture. If the company is private, check out the other companies in the lead VCs portfolio web pages and what kinds of cultures those companies have. People move between them and you can get a better data set for glassdoor searches. If the other companies suck, this one probably will too. What makes a company a great place to work is its real opportunity for growth because that means people are growing with it, and that brings them into work everyday. This creates a trajectory that defines its culture. Good luck. Scenario I refer to is a bit complex where board members from the first couple of rounds have majority votes about the company and can hire/fire the CEO and influence make up of the key executives. Later rounds at higher valuations let these members recoup most of the value of their investment, so their downside is now covered and they have all the votes. Nice spot to be in. To me, this board no longer represents the parties with the most to lose, and what was previously an investment partnership is now just a one-sided gamble. Where when it is founders making decisions, there is skin in the game. The effect I'm trying to articulate is the board not holding executives accountable for anything other than positioning the company for a sale, and that the incentives can be apparent from the board makeup. Conversely, if massive later stage investors were really interested in the long term prospects of the company, they'd have got board seats. Point being, as an employee, the day to day at a company that is being positioned to sell to a greater fool is very different from one positioning itself for explosive growth. The make up of the board, assuming it is fit for purpose, may be a tell for which strategy the company is pursuing, and hence, culture. Slightly uncomfortable responding to everything in the thread, however, inferring comp milestones is the hardest one. Public companies are easy because it's all public. Interesting documents are SEC 8-K's, which are unscheduled filings about material changes to the business. Ask yourself why a couple of times to get to the reasons behind it. Volatility means uncertainty, and uncertainty often implies a power struggle. Nowhere is perfect, but adjust your expectations about how much chill to expect. Read a lot of them to get a sense of what's normal. If the execs are stacking equity in a public company and only selling to pay taxes, that's a pretty good sign everyone is committed. It's also a sign that there isn't a lot of volatility, and with that stability, growth may be slow, so expect growth opportunities to be commensurate and feel out the trade off. Huge disclaimer that these are just tea leaves, but to reply to another comment here, you are investing 3-5+ years of your life and your reputation into a company, where a VC is just allocating maybe 1/30th of their fund. You have more to lose as an employee than that investor does. Just keep an eye for the longer term. Most of us are just happy to get a gig, work with cool people, get paid very well and dream about upside, but when you evaluate every 3-6 months working at a job as opportunity cost against validating an idea against possible market fit, you start looking hard at the trade offs. Based on crunchbase profiles, if a founder is present, but demoted or marginalized ("special projects"), find out if there is a technical lead who can't say yes, but who can say no to everything. Not a dealbreaker, but a culture variable. If the founders are out of the picture, ask about tech debt and whether company has enough new runway to stand up a new platform. If not, it means they're hoping to grow their way out, and ask if there's a roadmap for that play. If they don't have an answer, just expect competing priorities as it's going to be very sales driven, with customer/sales politics. If the CEO or other execs have been there for more than 3 years without profit or a new financing round, who is protecting them and why? (hint, board, running dumb money, possibly angling for sale, not explosive market dominance.) Window dressing to attract acquirer attention causes insanity on teams because managers have do things to appear positioned, and they are under pressure to "produce," metrics to keep the ball in the air. My experience was it causes rage quits and makes people enemies for life. The pattern of leadership angling for a sale, but must swear they are not makes everyone seem psychotic. I'm not an authority on this, I happen to write and this is what I've observed. People behind all this aren't evil, it's just some incentives can be used as tea leaves to get a sense of what questions to ask before you give up 6-10 six-month iterations and pivots on launching your own idea for some snacks and a foozball table. :) Sharetribe does this as a service, and I don't understand why they are not bigger than Patreon. Before reading this thread, I had all but written off cryptocurrencies. This is the use case. Now the only thing missing is content compelling and unique enough for people to buy the tokens to access it. Funny that it will be art that will do what gambling, drugs, money laundering, tax evasion, and black markets could not. Many recruiters try to put you at a disadvantage out of the gate by flipping the script from them selling a job to you to where you are "applying," to them. It's like they think they are on Tinder. Even as a neurotypical, I hang up on them too. He's right. It's possible the facebook brand may have to step into the background to do it, but this decision for tech companies is being forced by governments now. It makes sense to take an independent stance, as arguably in most markets today, governments need the consent of facebook users more than facebook needs the consent of governments. I have always been a facebook skeptic, but this post comes at a very crucial time for encryption policy and the role of globalized tech companies. When Barak Obama said in a speech some years ago something to the effect of how we can't have people walking around with swiss bank accounts in their pockets, as far as many countries without sophisticated interception programs are concerned, they have had to live with the equivalent for the last 10 years. To me, Zuckerberg's post signals that large tech companies are looking at their 5-10 year horizons and placing small bets that they are going to outlast their opposition on encryption. Brexit is going to cost both the UK and Europe their negotiating leverage, and surveillance in the US won't get a popular mandate. There are obviously immediate product and competitive needs, but I think his post was driven by macro factors like these. What would happen if we posted jobs that said preference would be given to applicants without University degrees? Then, still others disqualifying people with a master's or higher? It would encourage people who were so exceptionally competent that they could survive in their fields without the degree, and filter anyone who cheated or faked credentials at the least. Fun thought experiment. Commented on something related in another thread, but it was either Bierce or Shaw who said something along the lines of, "all professions are a conspiracy against the layman." This is distinct from trades and arts, where there is a simple scale of competence. The reason most jobs demand a university degree today is because of the professionalization of management and HR means that the people making hiring decisions have a direct interest in preserving and increasing the value of their own positions and credentials. For example, have fun getting P&L responsibility or significant direct reports without a degree, let alone getting a work visa. The reason for this is not because of competence, it is because of a tribal identity that the schools inculcate. The thing about "uneducated," people is that because they have to trade on their skills and performance, and not credentials, over a certain intelligence you can't trust them to sustain cognitive dissonance (or to lie) on behalf of the team, because they will defect if they perceive risk to their competence-based identity. When you hear someone say an uneducated person "doesn't get it," they are not referring to competence, they are referring to recognition of a power dynamic that means success and group survival is about relationships and the perceptions that drive them, and not about the material quality of the work. This may sound nihilistic and cynical, but recognizing non-technical education credentials as more of a tribal membership or a kind of managerial officer training than a signifier of skill clarifies the dynamics of companies and organizations, and could save a lot of stress wondering if people are evil or insane. They aren't necessarily evil or insane, they are indexed on perceptions and relationships that are not decided only by skill and competence. Few will articulate it this way, but there is no incentive for people with an education to criticize it, and without one the perspectives and tools to do so are rare. I like Dennet's books (along with popular works by Searle and Hofstader), and I would be very interested to know whether he has a dog. I foresee a future ethics paper (or short story like those in "The Mind's I") called, "Daniel Dennet's Dog" from the perspective of a being whose essential existence is strenuously denied by it's only care giver. Would the drop out rate of men (assuming higher) provide an additional control? If low achieving men selected out of the data set before it was collected at the SAT level, there could be a long tail of underachieving men. This would certainly effect averaging, and if number of dropouts were greater than the 90th percentile, there could be some selection/survivor bias in play on how males appear as a group. Key problem for them to solve is not data, it's legitimacy. The use cases for digital identity were things like getting speeding tickets, fines, taxation, collections, and other social management uses. Basically the stuff that nobody wants unless they want other people to be subject to it. It meant that digital identity must be imposed, and so the customers for it needed to be in the position to do so. There are lots of systems, markets and communities that work just fine without registered identities, and arguably the only thing that doesn't work with collateralized social identities is subjugation. The goal seems to be to create something with enough value that it will be worth federating to, but the legal and political factors in governing that federation will be on the order of complexity of creating another agency the size of something like the ITU. The question I can't seem to find a consistent answer to is whether closing/limiting a market from imports/exports has the same net effect of supply management. Supply management is for smoothing out volatility, but one major source of that volatility is exogenous demand from futures and far away competition. Dairy economics worked fine when they were bound by geography. What broke the economics is industrial scale operations optimized for exporting from the region. The policy solution for that to keep farmers alive and dairy available would be to impose borders on the markets. European (French) dairy subsidies are a variation on supply management, where instead of centralizing production, they close their borders to imports and redistribute general revenue as a way to maintain culture. The consequence of supply management is that you can't just start a dairy farm in Canada with a few cows and some land. While that may seem trivial, distortions like this mean small towns are not economically viable because there is little local production that produces economic activity. It makes dairy management a fundamental cultural problem. I would be interested in a sound comparison of the tradeoffs between supply management vs. borders/tarrifs to solve the same problem. I heard him speak once, and he spoke about titles for land in shanty towns as a potential solution to some poverty as well. Identity tech marketing people go on about it extends franchise to people for public services, and solves the problem of the "unbanked," which should return results in greater social equity. There is a large social justice aspect to it, where people engaged in distributing benefits need to know who to give them to. Of course, the criticism of this is that is what borders are for, where citizens are presumably equal within them, and detailed identity attributes for benefits and equity is a recipe for facilitating totalitarian urges. This gets very political very quickly. Identity is an ancient problem. Like old testament ancient problem where even back then numbering people allegedly gets you plagues. (presumably because when you get lots of people together and living longer, that's what happens) Digital identity tech is a fascinating, difficult problem that is a proxy for governance in general. Vendors would prefer not to freight their products with that, but it's really the ur-problem. Not only do they have positive lyrics, some even have comforting recipes[2] https://youtu.be/xwksxDHNoAE There is immense value in training these to synthesize test data sets for sensitive information you can't safely put in a preprod environment. Health information would be the main case I can think of now. Having synthesized data for testing new services in govt would be a huge improvement. De-identification is basically impossible and there are a bunch of companies who will lie to you if you pay them to, but synthesized data covers many use cases for de-identification and for homomorphic encryption. The article was like the security equivalent to an anti-vaxer blog post. First, AV bake-offs are a racket that gets security companies to hand over their malware samples or pay to be "excluded," from the bake off. So anyone with advantageous data either gives that up, or pays to be left out of the test. There is nothing honest about their benchmarks or methods. Bake-off companies are scumbags, and this ZDNet reporter got taken. Second: Hard problem with malware detection on mobile is that there is no privileged role to do analysis from. It's not like you can root the phone and do syscall interception. The best they can do is analysis of apps you can find, and to do automated software analysis at scale is some very interesting work. However, If you are the target of a custom APT, there isn't a lot anyone can do. There are a few startups who are doing automated dynamic analysis and working on symbolic execution problems to further this. That the industry has not solved it yet does not make them fraudulent. Third, Android malware includes: - fake repackaged apps with adware or spyware. - spyware installed by 3rd party - malware that roots the device - whatever all those dodgy 2FA and password manager apps are. - apps with libraries with known vulnerabilities (think image processing, overflows, etc) - apps that hoover up your data (txts, contacts, browsing, etc) and send it to authors. The security model of mobile devices (iOS and Android) enforce hard limits on what is possible in terms of security value add by a non-OEM vendor. OEMs are worse than useless, and so app vendors have moved into the game. The threat model apps mitigate is patchy, but it suffices for most consumer and enterprise use cases. However, if you antagonize a government and get targeted custom malware, it would seem naive to think an app vendor is going to protect you. While I have no remaining affection for any vendors in that space, to call them fraudulent is sensational, if not obnoxious. It's hard to get out of ones bubble on this. From the govts view, they are acting to contain sectarian violence long enough that their society can find a stable equilibrium after a shock. I don't think appeals to the principle of freedom of speech are meaningful against acts of censorship because it is a tactical response in a perceived crisis and not something that happens under ideal conditions where they can afford to be held to principles. However, tactical approaches like clumsy censorship signal a deeper weakness that risks exacerbating sectarian resolve in all parties. Cynically, the solution here may have been to rate limit content they didn't want instead of blocking it outright, which is insidious, but toward the desired outcome of defusing the spread of violence, people who want the content can get it without having to position themselves against the authorities (become outlaws) to do so, while removing it from casual observation. Reddit's quarantines, and Twitter's shadow bans mitigate some of the virality of reactions. Tagging traffic to these sites for slow path processing would have been trivial, and blocking them was an unforced error. Societies need to respond to events like these by demonstrating unity and strength, which may mean acts of extraordinary tolerance - and not with tactical approaches that make them seem weak and vulnerable to an insurgency. This is a valuable post. I have not taken an NVC course before, but I have done a lot of work in negotiations, writing, and was brought up to use this style of communication. One thing I would be interested in either from the OP or someone with experience with NVC, is how you recognize when you are being patronizing. Much of this communication style is the artifact of an implied power relationship, where the speaker already has the power, or is asserting power. In negotiations, there is the idea of appealing to shared principles and interests, and NVC can be a way to depersonalize the issue to focus on that. But the example of handling, "No," with empathy is to directly personalize the issue and address feelings, vs. the negotiation view which would be to ask, "if no, given we agree on X, let's leave my perceived solution aside for a moment and find out how we get X." I think empathy in business can often be zero sum, where it is just an expression of sympathy for someones lack of power in the situation, that is both psychologically horrible, and destroys value. I call that approach of fabricated empathy "seduce and smother," which is common in organizations today. This article provides an essential and valuable tool. However, this difference between empathy and principle, is that an accurate interpretation of the distinction? That's the key I think. Appreciated. By putting your universal needs on the same level (not your "self"), you are in effect appealing to principle, so there is likely a great deal of alignment between the methods as described. Looking forward to reading up more on this. Thank you. That's a kind observation. If I worked for you that would be really satisfying to hear... This is why it's important to be conscientious about spirals of passive aggression with this communication style. Mastering it is mastery, trying is, well, doing it wrong. Great thread. What stands out to me (other than this being an amazing collection, especially as a big Edward Tufte fan) is the use of radial/web diagrams. The idea that variables can have relationships in more than 2-dimensions seems to have been lost. I'm actually using a d3 version of these for a blog post I'm working on about machine learning and data companies, and the example code for creating beautiful radial charts (not mine) can be found here: https://github.com/kolektiv/maturity-radar As someone who has developed a product that uses Sankey diagrams to represent complex relationships, this catalogue from the past gives me some hope for the future. :) Nice. We should connect. I've built this for security using a very similar stack (Neo, etc). Where it's similar is the use of a graph to implement an ontology of any given system, where we diverge is I've built a separate viz, collaboration, and management layer. Ontologies never took off because I think they tried to encompass too many things, where graphs are a simple tool you can use to build them as part of a greater idea. If a role doesn't add value by remote, what is the real value of the role? Remote work is not difficult to implement, remote management on the other hand, is disruptive. It is so new we haven't aggregated the best practices into some basic theory to train managers with, so it's going to be patchy. Arguably, most managers are not educated to manage in the first place, and an increasing majority seem to just sense the wind direction and muddle through. A significant percentage of remote employees might be a signal that they are creating so much value that it offsets the managerial risks associated with it. A butts-in-seats grind culture could suggest the marginal value employees create is so small it needs to be ground out of them. I don't think current companies will switch to remote, but I do think new ones will start with the question of whether a role justifies the overheads of an on-prem requirement. Was going to talk a bunch of smack about pen-testing, but instead, if someone were offering this service, I'd love to go head to head with them to determine who delivered more value over time and money, a pen-test vs. a risk assessment. The nearest implementation of this I can think of is the Seigneurial System in early Canada (then, New France), that we used to learn about in history classes as kids. https://www.thecanadianencyclopedia.ca/en/article/seigneuria... It is criticized and largely dismissed in the article and memory as feudal, but a Distributist interpretation of it might grasp its benefits with more nuance. Whatever they paid an editor to make that writers other work readable, it was not nearly enough. Agents are notoriously terrible people, but they get away with it because of conceits like these from the talent. Good God, my eyes. The ethics of taking both sides of a deal need to be more explicit, as it is very common, and in any agency market, considered ideal. Good, then he can take it. Great writers write terrible things and it is valuable to them, and to everyone else when people call them on it. - Read Ian McEwan before and after he became a national treasure and people stopped editing him. - W. Sommerset Maughm's "Of Human Bondage," was an indulgent landfill of discarded ideas compared to his edited work. I could go on, but writing in the service of others vs. the onanism of intellectually retired artists are very different things. At least two cliches per paragraph, buried lede some 500 words in on what "packaging," actually is and why it's bad, voice changes mid paragraph (first, second, third), to start. If these didn't merit a "Good God, my eyes," by themselves there are some great resources online about how to write. For a topic like the ethical (fiduciary?) obligations of agents to the people they represent, the issues above raise doubts about whether the writer can think clearly enough to represent a credible and honest case. To triple down, when you are a pro writer, producing ostentatiously poor work is a forfeit and an expression of contempt for readers. We're way deep into a thread now, but it's an important problem. I would very seriously argue that someone who does not write clearly in their native language has not reasoned clearly enough about what they are trying to express. They may experience, feel, believe, express, or desire, but without the language, they have not reasoned about it with clarity. What's more, they are relying on something other than reason to prevail. It's analogous to the "you only know something as well as you can teach it," or Feynman's "explain it to a child," learning technique. Regarding the apostrophe, it's a fine catch and I would ask whether the effort the writer made was commensurate with their intended purpose. Was surprised not to find "people are a poor source of entropy," on the list. I'm quite sure I didn't coin that, and it's practically an amendment to the Kirchoff priniciples, just don't know who said it. It's worth the down votes each time I add a comment on this topic, but it bears repeating that since electronic elections are not verifiable in any meaningful way, their legitimacy is suspect, and electronic voting actively creates the conditions for violence in response to contested results. Everybody knows this now and the effects are so predictable it brings into question the motives of people who have an interest in both undermining and discrediting the democratic process by using these machines. This data seems to affirm some factors I identified in another thread about what research to do on a company before joining and what questions to ask them. My view is that incentives drive strategy, which then drives culture. Again, all IMO, but the later stage a company is, as an employee the greater portion of your energy will be devoted to sustaining cognitive dissonance to survive, as a priority over applying creativity and technical skill. According to the data as presented, by the time the company has hit the C and D rounds, the founders have lost control of the company. Culturally, it means the visionary stage could be over, and founders may have a company wide technical veto, but with no way to drive their own initiatives. The culture could be defined by a power struggle between the new(ish) CEO's team and the founders' tribe. Find out which tribe you are supposed to be joining before signing on and act accordingly. As a developer, after C and D, you will more likely be solving optimization problems and all the tech debt they accrued to raise the previous rounds. The exception will be if they raised the last round to finance a big pivot, where you can build something new again. Joining a pivot team is great, but there will be an attrition period as the old guard is cleared out. It's tea leaves, but potentially useful questions to ask if you are about to invest 3-5 years of your life and your reputation into a company. Horsemanship is like this as well. Short lessons, end on high note. Get off and praise. I use compounding as a model, where I evaluate the risk of pushing past comfort level based on whether I have the ability to return to a calm high note ending if my gambit goes sideways. Regular small improvement yields a higher and more reliable trajectory than grinding toward inconsistent leaps that exhaust a lot of wasted effort. I'm learning there is a cargo cult around work and effort in that it is a substitute for the tact and intelligence you get with a lighter approach. Like managers who think they are getting results by having staff work through suffering, and point to how hard people are working as an indicator of their ability to lead. Whether it's horses or people, it's always a disgusting spectacle. My trainer likes to say, "go slow, I'm in a hurry." This is a common opinion (which I don't agree with) that is worth addressing directly, and it has consequences for how we understand and use the sorting capabilities of AI. The binary outcome consequences of misidentifying a dog breed in an app are not really important, but the ability for the breed to be a factor in informing some other aspect of a model is useful to businesses that optimize cash flows. For example, I love stafforshires, and I also recognize that a machine learning scheme that added them as a factor in a credit risk evaluation might disadvantage a number of people, but be more profitable than a model that did not include it. If this is offensive, consider that breed specific legislation already allows you to be denied home insurance (and consequently, mortgages and equity loans) based on having one of these dogs today. The code in this project could be used to mine social media images for breeds correlated with credit risk factors, and offer interest rates for the owners accordingly, and a credit instrument portfolio that incorporated this factor could outperform one that did not. In regions with breed specific legislation, someone with an banned dog has already demonstrated a deviation in their risk behaviour. Shelters are not full of failed show dogs. In fact the majority of them are mixes, particularly mixes preferred by people who were guided by sentiment over more sound reasoning factors when they got the dog in the first place - hence why the dog is in the shelter, and why they probably can't get credit on favourable terms. Is this just or ethical? No, it's predatory, but that's the social media bargain, and projects like this are worth keeping track of if you like dogs, and access to credit. Have commented before that something as politically powerful as Facebook's graph will be the focus of machinations. Zuckerberg is certainly not the most evil person who could run that company, but it means he's got to be sure he can fend off every more evil person who thinks s/he can. If we can imagine hypothetical circumstances under which he could be forced out, or lose control of the graph it would be a good bet to watch for events that might set that in motion. Right now, they're using leaks to discredit him and to isolate him from mainstream political support. The most plausible play is one where they leverage antitrust to "break up" the company, leaving him in control of the advertising business and his shares intact, while getting the graph into hands who can be more "politically accountable," that is, more connected, who can then use the graph for direct political ends. Democrats are making noises about it already, and oddly, he may have more allies among neocon Republican types who would prefer to deal with an internet dictator or king than a slippery progressive committee. Conspiracy? Hardly. It's just incentives. A useful analogy is to think about social media in terms of steroid use in cycling. An athlete on the Tour de France knows most winners cheat and the instance of cheaters in the standings clusters densely toward the top. To even qualify for the game with cheaters, you need to either be a standard deviation better than they are without their cheat, or compromise and also cheat, which in turn legitimizes their tactics. Social media exacerbates nascent mental illness by creating this same double bind for young people, where to "succeed," in life by getting access to cliques and networks, school placements, job opportunities, and investment opportunities, you need to "play the game," which today means to fabricate an image of performative conventional success and the perception you are a viable centre of attention. They know it's wrong, everyone else knows it's probably wrong, but the whole exercise is a temporary suspension of disbelief in exchange for lottery style rewards, provided by sponsors. Good news on both fronts is you can enjoy riding bicycles or any other sport, and indeed life, without the often horrific and spiritually hollow compromises of elite competition, which social media seems to approximate. The greatest irony is that it is in more humble and private pursuits where most of the real stories of courage, dignity, and personal triumph that people only fake in performances on social media can truly be found. Appreciated. I don't blog or tweet because HN already has the best possible readership, and the voting system means people only see my good ones. :) "Instagram’s real product isn’t photos; it’s likes." This is a powerful view. I haven't read Girard yet, but this understanding just bumped up the urgency. I do disagree with the statement that the role model of narcissists is themselves, mainly because I think it's necessarily an external figure who inculcates a belief in a perfect self, which the narcisist must then either feel reflected in his relationships, or defend that external image of self with unreasonable ferocity. The role isn't "themselves," in this case it's an idealized reflection they expect from others. Subtle, but key. It's like the baby or child seeking out a source of pure maternal adoration and then a belief in that lost perfection characterizing them as an adult. When you meet someone in a narcisistic rage, it's because they have had their self-belief wounded by an imperfect reflection, coupled with how hard they have "worked," to deserve that reflection from a person with their sacrifices and accomplishments. This is why they call it, "narcissistic supply," as they will work pathologically to get the external approval of their Self that they cannot produce for themselves. It's almost certainly contagious as well, since parents who use their children as a source of supply love bomb them, creating that reflected adoration high they crave, while leaving the kid with the same sense of perfection and consequent need. Arguably, coming of age rituals were designed to destroy that image and create self acceptance, and why there is such a renewed cultural interest in "ego death," from hallucinogens. Trouble is, we know how useful people with narcisistic tendencies are, because they will literally kill themselves for a bit of external approval, and as a society we exacerbate it under guise of creating "pro-social," behavior. It's like sugar, fine in small doses, but you probably don't want to carry around a pump, and yet this is what we do with sources of external approval. It will be interesting to reconcile this interpretation with Girard's idea of role models and the narcisist's role being self referential. Unexpectedly interesting post. It's useful as well for describing tipping points in network effects, the power of tools or products that have multiple interlinked features and uses, conditions for non-linear growth, and moving from applicability to enough specific cases as to become a new form of a general case. I like protonmail and will likely move my domains to it. I don't use it for regular social, dating, or sales emails because it is a privacy brand that creates cognitive friction with people who don't get privacy and security. If I wanted to grow protonmail, I would emphasize users moving domains to it because while the brand has exceptional trustworthiness, anything security and privacy themed runs into the "tacti-cool," problem, where even if it's the best available and used by real operators, it triggers peoples sense of illegitimacy, and depends with users who identify with a "rebel," e.g. "losing" team who are not attractive to other users. IMO, the same problem killed Silent Circle, and the rest of the cryptophone market. When you look at who overcame the tacti-cool problem in security and privacy, the way a brand like arcteryx did it in clothing, Apple's iPhone has done it in hardware, WhatsApp did it for messengers, and protonmail is just on the cusp of it. There is an opportunity to build a new privacy brand that would be as big as a FAANG, and if I were running it, I'd fold protonmail into it. The life skill secret is not how to bullshit, it's being able to tell whether someone knows when they are bullshitting, or if they don't even know when they are. Are they a Joker (who knows) or a Clown (who doesn't). Jokers you can get in on the gag with. Clowns you have to avoid, because a clown is just a clown. The OP could be out of line, but there is another factor in play. Remember that when a company wants to keep someone, they will tolerate no end of ridiculous behavior. When they don't care or want someone out, they tolerate nothing, or invent things not to tolerate. There is a personality type who cherry picks easy problems from other peoples queues and then front runs the news of solving them. They create a race to the bottom environment where to survive in the org, people start competing to claim credit for insignificant problems and create pressure to neglect the valuable and hard ones. It also creates "turf," instead of collaboration. There is a lot of advice that will say, "things are dynamic, be yourself, be authentic, collaborate," but what advice really means is, "no, the situation isn't changing, we're not making the jerk accountable, you are the bottom dog." A manager who lets this happen is also encouraging it. Maybe the culture is such that it doesn't matter, and the jerk has protection higher in the chain, but the effects are clear. In principle, you can always ask a manager to clarify roles and rules. In conversations, you can always ask that colleague for clarification of principles, e.g. "thanks for the insight, and while I balance it with other priorities, to be clear, do I have a reporting relationship to you, or has your manager given you direct accountability for this work?" In practice, this can alienate people by asserting your interest and forcing a decision, and they may resent you for it. If they do, find a new job, there are better places. These ideals died with the millions of men killed in the first and second world wars. The decades after the wars could be described as the rise and triumph of sentimentality as the chief characteristic of our culture. If you read writers like Waugh's trilogy, but also Maughm's Ashenden stories that pre-date Fleming's Bond by some 25 years, the wryness of the "gentleman," was a self possession and self consciousness that reflected a genuine humility, usually based on some religious understanding. A variation on it appears in the original secret identity/super hero story, The Scarlett Pimpernell, where his external ridiculousness also hides an underlying steel. What made a "gentleman," was the choice to be one. He was necessarily accomplished and formidable at something first, capable of violence or some kind of power, but chose not to use it. Simply being mannered without the underlying steel, was called being a fop, dandy, flaneur, boulevardier, dude, etc. The reason we don't value gentlemen today is because the necessary underlying competence, skill, and experience itself is humiliating to men who are largely elevated for their capacity for compliance. I watched this happen over the last 20 years and its an important development. If you remember the 80s and 90s, you may remember lingering in bookstores because they were a focal point to daytime city life. Before online dating, you would meet women and men there, and that was the whole point. If you ask any man of a certain age from a city who the "bookstore girl," was, he will have a memory, if not a story for you. It was a big part of city culture. What Reismann (and her predecessor, Chapters) did initially was bring suburban big box stores into the city and wiped out a lot of the street life and culture, and with it, small publishers. In effect this polarized the market for fiction, where literary fiction today has been reduced to "content," and a lot of unctuous posturing funded by grant money. However, after hollowing the market out, Reismann branched out with Indigo and kind of re-planted, where her stores are once again places for people to linger. They are placed near movie theatres, so it was something to do while you waited. The formula that Indigo is getting right is, like us in software, it's about generating retail traffic. You need a funnel to drive conversions. To do that, you need to attract women, who draw men, and the frisson that keeps them coming back is what turns the engine over. Let's face it, Indigo isn't a Cabela's with books because that's not how you get that retail traffic engine to turn over. It's more like Anthropologie meets a craft shop. I don't like shopping at Indigo, but that's not the point. As a man I go there because I can get a new release or something relatively mainstream faster than amazon can deliver it, and crucially, I can get exposure to that element of social randomness and optionality that is completely absent and destroyed in cities now that everyone carries a slot machine in their pocket. The most interesting future from my view will be the one that gets people actually talking and connecting again the way we used to in bookstores and cafes. Great article for getting a sense of what is of interest to a state. China has its own issues, but as a sample of what a given state considers interesting, it's a map for detecting how other countries likely collect the same information with some pretense of discretion. I'm sure we're all "shocked, shocked!" to have just found this out. The big box model killed small bookstores, then demanded that to access their new market, publishers print in sufficient volumes to stock all their huge stores, and then when they didn't sell all of the copies, the stores returned the unsold books to the publishers and that collapsed them. The big box store killed the more sparse and diverse shops that sustained the market for niches like Nobel, Booker, and other prize winners. Litfic is mainly character driven over of plot driven, so to say it's all pretentious would be a bit much. The result was that Indigo came to resemble a kind of landfill of discarded ideas, where the good stuff got lost in the effort to find it. I've only read his re-released stories in the "Arrival," compilation, but to me, to describe Chiang as a sci-fi writer is like saying Google is in the computer business. We inhabit a contemporary world with more technological and social change than the ones which formed the collection of tropes that got authors grouped into sci-fi or cyberpunk in the first place. I don't think devices like time machines and other magic used to create the reflections of characters and situations is sufficient for relegating authors to sci-fi anymore. Arrival and "Story of your life's" treatment of language and time and experience, and sympathy for the motivations of a super intelligence in "Understand," were succinct descriptions of huge questions. When you compare those to the stupid, 250 page harangues of living national treasures, relegating Chiang to sci-fi puts me into a fit of pique. If you are interested in publishing, it's still an issue, even if readers don't care. I remember reading an Andrew Lo quote back in 2007-8 where he said something along the lines of there at the time being about 9000 hedge funds in operation at last count, and for comparison, there were about 7000 Taco Bell franchises. Given that sample size of funds, possible returns, and any distribution you want to fit into it, your odds may be better at a roulette table. At what thing would people who govern be competent at to be considered competent? For any regular readers of the Financial Times, the irony of quoting Simon Kuper in an appeal to competence is surely a bit rich, given his open, haughty, contempt for people who make their livings working at jobs that require physical competence to create value, vs. sustaining cognitive dissonance to achieve political ends. But the question of what would "qualify," someone for governance is a useful one. Arguably, the bar for representing the interests of a constituency is very low, but mere democratic election does not provide enough confidence to legitimize the pervasive powers of social intervention representatives and modern public employees grant themselves. It's not clear what would confer legitimacy on these new technologically enhanced powers, but it's becoming evident that a ballot is decreasingly sufficient. Interesting effort. I do think their Expected Ideas, perpetuate the presumptions that cause security issues in the first place. " Data and link security, Ground and space equipment security, Protection of classified information, Keys management through full life cycle, Monitoring, situational awareness and forensic analysis of cyber-attacks, Technological enablers and transversal building blocks. " The most interesting thing I've found over the last 18 months is how few CISOs and secdevops people actually know what they are protecting, and from whom. Their worldview seems to end at, "the business!" which is a black box to them. Often, the sophistication and complexity of security technologies subtly moves risk out of the domain of business owners, and onto operations staff who aren't equipped to hold or meaningfully mitigate it, and the effect is that we're left with transferring risk to empty compliance rituals, or a company security troll who can be periodically scape-goated. I've got a horse in this race, but the solution is not for techs to educate business partners on security, but for owners to align their teams around the business risks that actually matter and let techs do what they do best, which is solve problems. ESA would benefit most from a tool that educated all their engineers and product owners on the things the agency and projects value, and the risks to them it perceives. I'm really glad a16z put this issue to rest because it's the kind of problem that causes insane wheel spin at a certain kind of company. The "Data Acquisition Cost", and "Incremental data value," made me laugh because I had to solve that problem before. The most interesting related work on this is a paper covered on HN at some point ( http://blog.mldb.ai/blog/posts/2016/01/ml-meets-economics/ ) about economics' indifference curves and ML's ROC curves. The big mistake I've seen data companies make is they approach their market based on customer vertical, assuming that say a Bank will be like other banks, and a health care provider will be like other health care providers, and this is the fatal error. The bank with the same sensitivity to fp/fn/tp/tn rates will have more in common with the health care company with that same sensitivity than it will with other banks. Basic problem with any data product is the customer's ROC curve, or where they economically benefit from using your data service. Different customers have different sensitivities to false positive/negative, true postive/negative rates - and the customer categories themselves are defined by this sensitivity. e.g. What they have in common is not their vertical but their risk appetite. I have a blog post 3/4 written on this specific topic. That sensitivity is specifically an artifact of the customers growth stage as a company, which determines their risk appetite and the economics of the asymmetrical value that the effective ROC curve of your data product describes. (see above link). This is the fundamental problem for an ML/AI company, where they will go bankrupt trying to find their 2nd or 3rd insurance company customer because they think the value of their product is because their next customer is in the same vertical - not because they have the same sensitivity to fp/fn/tp/tn. Slight aside, it's so important that an investor like these can weigh on in these issues and other technical economic factors, because IMO when I listen to every technical person I know, the #1 cause of internal suffering at companies is caused by people trying to bullshit their investors, and blog posts like these just wipe away a big source of that temptation. I will use this when I can hire. BUT there is an interesting angle on this is it means managers need to get enough value out of a 30hr team member. There are lots of smart optimizations I could use to do that (clear roles, efficient meetings, managing task intensity), but there is this general problem of who is holding the risk in the business. If you miss a client commitment or the sales people want to blame losing a sale on someone else, the first place they are going to go is the 30hr person "not pulling their weight." In development, I think most pro developers would be massively more productive if they didn't have to waste away in an office 8h/day. But when you get out into the field where the business is about relationships, which are in turn about perceptions and commitments, in an enterprise environment, I guarantee a customer will say, "nice product, but if you can't demonstrate your ability to get me feature X by next quarter, and this competitor can, I'm going to scuttle this deal." The salesperson whose commission is riding on this goes back to the product manager and says, "We're going to lose this high profile deal the CEO is watching because your engineers are soft and lazy? wtf?" The PM goes to the CTO and says, "the survival of the company depends on deals like this, I need your people to burn the midnight oil." CTO goes to engineering manager, "so this 30hr/week person, get them full time or get them out, we can't have this liability." Eng manager says, "but they are my best developer! This is how we attract and retain the talent that makes this possible!" CTO says, "get it done." Eng manager writes email and starts the manage-out paper trail to 30hr person, "as per my last request to get these items done, we need to improve your performance..." 30hr super-developer receives weirdly formal email from manager, updates linkedin, starts pinging recruiters. I'd wager 30hr weeks are a great way for startups to get talent they couldn't otherwise afford, but it will be temporary in their growth phase, as the above scenario is inevitable once they have momentum. Interestingly, part time is a different relationship than a compensation structure that is vague and discretionary. Part time people don't get high profile projects because when it's high profile, the point is to have every resource on it. Regarding the CTO being incompetent in the other comment, the CTO is not incompetent for delegating authority to "get it done." Their priority is delivery and positioning the company. Do they seem weak? Sure, but how much political capital should a CTO spend on a part time jr. staff member vs. the sales organization? Buying discounted receivables is one of the oldest businesses around. That it happens to be for a criminal ransomware organization is new. The instinct to contact ransomers and say, "hey, I see you have some uncertainty in how much money you are going to collect. Do you want a guaranteed amount now, or a risk adjusted figure later? If now, I can offer you $x for a key I can use on as many customers as I can..." Ethics aside, that's really impressive deal making. So glad someone addressed this issue directly in an article, as it needs to be explicit: "“Blue-collar roles are usually in very authoritative structures. When men move from blue-collar to white-collar roles, they tend to assume that with their new role comes a lot of positional power. But in large organizations, that’s not always true,” she tells MEL. “Men in these situations need to learn to lead with influence, not power. They need to be more collaborative, and they need to understand that to get what they need they might have to leverage other departments or leaders.”" What is also notable is that the culture companies so desperately contort themselves to create is a naturally occurring phenomenon in blue collar environments. Tech is basically blue collar work for white collar money. "“The one shift I’ve noticed is most difficult [when men] go from blue-collar work like police officer or firefighter: there is a lot of time spent with colleagues in a ‘brotherly’ way,” she tells MEL. “Eating together, spending long hours together and supporting one another in life and death or dangerous situations. This isn’t the same schedule or interpersonal interaction in the white-collar environment and [it] can be difficult to transition to.”" White collar work is mainly political, and there is very little actual physical competence involved. The skills are social, and not really skills anyone (men or women) respects or admires. Perhaps that's why they are so well paid. From the outside, the emphasis on flexibility and collaboration, can be understood as being able suspend rules and principles for opportunity. From the inside, you need a kind of self-superiorization that abstracts you from the work, people, and relationships. This is why an elite education is so valued, because no matter what happens "you still went to Harvard/have a PhD etc." and this is what facilitates your ability to be "dynamic," or deal with outwardly contemptible behaviour because it's not, "you," who is engaged in it, it's something a person of your position "does." When competent people encounter uncertainty, we fall back on protecting the integrity of that competence, because it defines our self image of who we "are." But risking group survival (that is based on the external perceptions of stakeholders) to maintain the integrity of our competence based self image will get you isolated pretty quick. This is the essence of that blue collar alienation feeling technical people get. This flexible superiorization can be affected in a number of ways without an elite education, but almost all of them are anathema to a traditional masculine identity, which is based on the very competence, principle, and structure that is the barrier to them in dynamic white collar environments. The thing about an education is it's something nobody can "take away," from you, and this is the key to being able to superiorize yourself to the work. Whereas "blue collar" things like competence and masculinity can be lost, and so the need to protect or maintain them becomes a kind of weakness or vulnerability in the political dynamics of white collar work. If white collar jobs were just a matter of actualizing the most noble aspects of being good people, and the attributes that make us likeable, they wouldn't be work. White collar work itself is the ability to self superiorize, sustain the necessary cognitive dissonance to maintain and affect strategic perceptions, and to act on the instincts and techniques for identifying and aligning correctly to power. Some people are naturals at it, and while they usually aren't particularly admirable or likeable, the compensation, status and power that comes with achieving it place those virtues as second prize. Until very recently, having the intellectual ability to criticize these dynamics was exclusive to people who were educated to work in them, and so there wasn't a reason to reflect on them critically. The internet is changing this as well. Such an important article for people to read. It's similar to how you relate to a kid where you recognize yourself as an adult and them as a child, so you don't personalize or internalize their actions. Doctors and patients, even developers and users. You can be equitable about it by accepting things as they are, but internally, you can do that because you don't need for them to reflect your own self belief. Among adults, it's recognizing people as true others, who are not a part of "your," tribe or experience, just neutral independent beings. In a professional context, their opinions are objective things that you don't register personally because your sense of self does not depend on your relationship to them. People will bend over backwards trying to explain it in a non-hierarchical neutral zen way, but the example makes it easier. It comes from working with animals, where a trainer needs to emotionally separate themselves from the animals actions so you cease to relate to them an a reactive way. On mobile so can't source it for you now, but it originated either in a translation of General L'Hotte or Baucher. However you would be surprised how many words and usages cannot be found on Google or in modern dictionaries. What people call self confidence comes from experience or beliefs, and few people who encounter it can tell the difference. Precision, magnanimity, equanimity, honesty, competence, loyalty, charity, etc. If you don't think these are skills, see what happens when we don't practice them. :) I really don't think it needs unpacking because everyone else on the thread seems to understand. However, using the pretext of a misinterpretation to legitimize a critical view is a good example of a political dynamic. "It's unclear, clarify it to me and I'll signal understanding when it aligns with my view," is a way of patronizing the topic and isn't an honest inquiry. The form of the question positions the questioner as a performative gatekeeper instead of an inquirer. I think the kids call it "sealioning," these days. There is another important aspect to this where it could be valuable to have an identity provider for people who have ski, golf/clublink, family sports, tennis, and business club memberships. Most private clubs have fewer than 2k members, but there is a great deal of affinity between them for services, and a digital channel to the ~1m people in the world who pay for private club memberships could be a play. Quintessentially, Velocity Black, and Vertu, among others, have tried to crack this market, but I don't know how much traction they managed. When Uber first launched they reached out with a promotion through one of the old business clubs I was a member of. What's different about skiing is it's mainly whole families. I think this is a sleeper exciting play. The link between Mozart, geometry, and morality was a theme at the time when the technical people of the day worked in guilds, which formed a kind of continuity of civil society while the politics of the time played out. While he was creating music, these technical and increasingly social guilds and confraternities had recently (by decades) consolidated into the fraternal organization that became freemasonry. e.g. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mozart_and_Freemasonry In the OP article, that someone could find an emphasis on themes like relief and truth veiled in allegory should not be a surprise. There is a lot of depth and prior art around using geometric concepts to illustrate moral principles that goes back to Greek cults of Pythagoras and others. Is it scientific? Not really, but as a way to encode and reference knowledge, geometry is the most permanent and universally understood system in which to preserve it. The real disruptive techs for govt will be advances in things like fully homomorphic encryption (FHE), data tokenization, identity (happening today), privacy enhancing AI and other privacy enhancing technologies that facilitate data sharing that is impossible today due to jurisdictional and legal issues. One of the biggest things that is going to hit government that people haven't articulated is the effect of Agile development on service economics. Short version is, iterative development was designed for things that grow revenue, so the cost of maintaining them using devops is minor when you are a growth SaaS business. Waterfall methods were designed to be built by expensive developers and passed on to cheaper operations groups for long term maintenance lifetimes of a decade or more. Keeping developers on staff to patch libraries, iterate on features and maintain solutions that have fixed revenue/funding allotments is much more expensive than most agencies understand they are signing up for. Going to a cloud subscription model creates massive procurement problems with vendor lock-in and competitiveness issues, and it also takes PII and sensitive data out of their custody and control. I think to understand government, you need to understand public sector economics, which are centrally planned and do not reflect the reality of the outside economic world. What gizmodo overlooks is that a Moody's rating is usually related to company debt, which means that a ratings downgrade increases the interest rate they have to pay to roll over existing debt or issue new debt. Seems like a company with a large debt/income ratio could be crippled pretty fast by a ratings downgrade because it increases the percentage of revenue they pay in debt interest. If they have a high debt load and their profit margins are single digit, they risk ceasing to be profitable, which will tank the stock. It's a spiral. If they have catastrophic cybersecurity exposure that opens them up to fines, settlements, and customer attrition as a result of an incident like the one that affected Equifax, well that's a target for a fire sale. It's practically inviting hackers to target companies with high debt/income ratios on behalf of short sellers for that reason. It would be a slow motion car crash that would be hard to time correctly, but the confluence of debt/leverage and security risk seems like a perfect storm. If you want to build a company, use the time to build relationships with your future customers and credentials for your reputation for being good at whatever you mean to do. Your employer can't own these. Once you have those relationships, learning their problems and proposing a solution to them, and having them pay for it is also likely outside the scope of your job with your employer. If the problem is valuable enough to them, you can agree to solve it for them for enough money that it will float you for the first 6 months while you develop it. Quit your job, live on your savings, maybe pick up some contracts if you can't raise seed capital, and deliver the product to your customers. Companies aren't made of code, products are, and there are no products without customers, as otherwise it's just art or a science project. Companies are made primarily of relationships with customers, underwritten by products, some of which are made of code. That direction is not reversible. I've developed my own software projects, and for a long time tried to figure out how practising something I could pay someone offshore to do for $30k/year could somehow be worth so much more if I could just do some secret thing right. The advice was always scattershot, be more this, do more that. What it came down to was, it's not the code, it's not the features, it's not the design or architecture - it's the relationships. Who do you have relationships with and what are their problems? If you can't solve them with what you are good at, maybe you need to find new people with new problems. If you can't do that, find someone who knows people who have problems and money, and then partner with them to sell a solution. It sounds so simple, and it is, but if it were easy, everyone would do it. I realized that being selected for a gifted class wasn't so much about helping my peers as it was protecting the order of the classroom. If someone said today, "hey, these people are exceptional, let's isolate them from the people they seem to lead," I'd recognize it for what it was. When I look at former gifted kids, it's almost as though a generation of young leaders were sabotaged by appealing to their parents vanity. Sure, some kids need to get out of absurd public school situations, but knowledge these days is basically free. The only skills that matter for life outcomes are social and political, with things like abstraction and mastery a distant third. The theme among former gifted students I know is a kind of naivety where their social segregation deprived them of experience with the tools for how less abstractly oriented people must survive. It makes them soft targets for someone with a chip on their shoulder, a double digit IQ, and an instinct to lie to cover their weaknesses. Few would argue against the idea that, teaching kids to solve problems using intelligence and creativity over collaboration and management is to put them at a disadvantage. Problem solving is what talent does, it is not what management and leadership does. I'm sure there are many gifted students who are just fine, but the outcomes are arguably much more polarized than for typical students. This is a good blog post and I agree we need better models for reasoning about security. However, feeling cynical this morning, and arguably technologists need to understand "the business," is more than a black box, and product owners need to understand that "the infrastructure," is an economic factor with risks that affect the viability of their business model. The basic problem I've encountered in large organizations is that most security tools exist to keep devops technologists entertained playing spy v. spy games while the real business instrumentalizes them as a black box of uncertainty to sandbag estimates and commitments, obstruct competing projects, obfuscate catastrophic risk exposure to investors, and externalize reckless project risk to something "nobody understands." It's the "aw, shucks, security surprise!" game that project managers the world over use to deflect accountability for poor decisions. I remember about 10 years ago security people discovered economics as a shallow set of metaphors for describing what they did. Today we're all about machine learning and threat hunting, technologies which I think are just more sophisticated versions of the same nonsense that keeps security people focused on externalities instead of getting real traction to effect the design and production of better products and systems. We should ask whether the data that post-production security systems collect gives us real leverage against business risk, or if it's mainly entertainment for a tech governance group who are played as marks by the rest of their organization. I love this field, but that also means taking a very hard look at it and asking whether it creates value beyond its hype cycle. Internet security is a disaster, and we should ask whether a new set of metaphors to help us ignore the fact we are still just doing the same thing is the right approach. So the problems you solve in management are how to get people to solve problems, not the physical/logical problems themselves. It's not faffing around, and it's a higher level of abstraction, arguably something gifted people would be good at if they hadn't been trained to solve problems like a super IC. If it "costs too much," arguably, our security products just suck. We've seen what people will put up with if it adds value, and security products don't add enough value for people to adopt them unless they are forced to by compliance offices. It's really on us to provide value, and on businesses to not create privacy disasters. There are products I think are amazing as a security person (okta, auth0, forgerock, keycloak, hashicorp vault, EFK, jenkins' owasp integrations, authy, iphone's TEE, etc) but if developers and product teams are not adopting them willingly, they suck. What's great about these products is they provide useful plug-in services (IAM, logging, analysis, data viz, version control, alerting, etc), but it's like there is a piece missing where developers decide, "thank god this exists, it saves me weeks." The chart that showed which generations work most in which fields showed that gen-X and boomers work in areas that are less precarious than those populated by millennials. I use the triad of "money, stability, and prestige," to weigh the value of a role. Young people are naturally attracted to the money-prestige roles, where older workers want stability-money roles. People who value prestige-stability roles tend to be in academia, where prestige-money roles are in the arts/media/politics/non-profit sectors. I am sure there is a gender/sex axis for these preferences as well. In terms of what you need in a role, admit you need prestige to increase your profile that gets access to greater opportunity. Commit to valuing stability if the things that are important to you are not in the marketplace, and if money is truly your goal, recognize it's almost always made by forgoing prestige and stability - those things come after, if at all. Arguably, prestige is a euphemism for "not worth it," in that it's what people offer you when they don't want to pay market rate. See: title inflation, exposure, opportunity, etc. When you are making a decision about whether to take a role, stay with your current one, or be content with it, the problem tends to reduce to a balance of these factors. Mistaking one of these for another is the recipe for being unsatisfied. Fun Ask HN thread would be, "at what thing or what about you is below average?" It's one thing to admit you suck at something, but quite another to recognize that you are below the mean, or worse, the median. It's too easy to fall into the trap of inverting a positive trait and say, "I'm probably less un-awesome than average," or to exaggerate false humility. Sample bias comes in as well, since among my rich friends, I am below average net worth, but still above the 75th percentile nationally. It's like that stupid job interview question, "what is your greatest weakness?[0]" It's an interesting exercise anyway. ([0]Apparently one wrong answer is, "suffering fools gladly.") Saw him for the first time today on Joe Rogan, I've never seen my own ways of thinking reflected so completely in one place. I think he's wrong on the danger of AI, only because his case seems predicated on AI replicating a human mind and that ML is limited to tightly bounded problems - whereas it overlooks that causing extinction level events or facilitating global slavery are also bounded problems. Looking forward to reading and hearing more from him. There is some prior work on this book that talks about how the 1938 census was used, the Hollerith punchcard machines (now IBM) tech, and the details of how the tech worked and why. It's called "the nazi census." Should be required reading at social media companies. Obvious way to do this would be with some variation of ranking the edit distance or simple entropy differences, and alerting/prioritizing significant updates for further scrutiny in another workflow pipeline. Bug fixes are relatively low distace, where a new module would show up as a bump. It would FP on code cleanups, but who actually does those. There are more sophisticated methods than these used in products today, but this is something an amateur could implement. Compute is huge, but cost/benefit is a product problem. Some string searches would be easy wins as well, given wallet file names, detecting new public keys, etc. Can think of a few AV products that would benefit users by being able to state an app has added an update that resembles a new module with functionality they might not have signed up for in the original EULA. If you are an enterprise customer, I'd ask your AV vendor for it as a feature. Realistically, the best control is don't put a cryptocurrency wallet on a device that has automatic updates from untrusted sources. VPN providers trade a local threat actor who is probably ignoring you for a foreign one who is probably watching and analyzing everything. Best advice on this thread was doing a VPN back to your home router. Typically, you'd use one for default internet browsing on public wifi, with the expectation that your endpoint ends up on the list of a foreign intelligence agency who ostensibly doesn't care about you or what you are interested in. The other best advice used to be, "don't be a terrorist," but these days, it's more, "don't be a political actor," given whatever you type will be found and used as leverage if you achieve any prominence. I'd posit that security tech is sufficient for business, but not for politics. See: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kompromat Worked on digital identity for government services in a variety of ways (public and private sector) and its applications in broader society some years ago, here were my findings: - identity requires the ability to bear risk. - an identity not blessed by government bears very limited risk. - the use case for government issued identity is only in enforcement (fines, taxes, service eligibility, etc.) - The private sector does not need "strong," identity for anything other than credit/collections, for which banking IDs are the legitimate portal to govt identity today. There isn't a consumer driven use case for "strong" identity. - "strong" identity reduces to being sufficient to target that person with court ordered violence. Everyone talks around it, but that's what they mean. - an alternative strong identity provider is a de-facto state. (looking at you, FB/AAPL/GOOGL) The attribute based models are technically interesting, but what we are really talking about is equivalent to financial instruments and securitization of identity. The quality of any given individual identity assertion can bear up to a certain amount of risk. A tranche of identity assertions can bear even more risk, as the failure of some does not significantly impact the rest of them, and the cost/benefit of accepting the tranche is greater than the projected loss. Futuristically speaking, the most likely identity technology two decades from now will be a set of collateralized attributes tied to securities, and ones that are asserted as bearing risk up to a certain grade. The rehypothecation or leverage on that identity will be a part of its score, which relying parties will assess and request additional collateral on accordingly. It sounds complicated, but it's not. What such a "securitized," identity (so-called anonymous ID) breaks is the income tax and other individual enforcement use cases, where transaction taxes are viable, but tying them all back to a single state issued identity becomes unfeasible. The trade off is like the one we're encountering with cryptocurrency today, where it's useful for everything except state approved markets. What's most likely is that innovation in identity will happen in countries where mature public services that require income taxes are not an impediment. e.g. the way that "developing," countries leapfrogged rich countries on wireless telecoms because they didn't have sunk costs in copper infrastructure, similar countries will leapfrog rich countries on digital identity and commerce because they don't have as much of a sunk cost in a strong government identity-based taxation model. When you look at how taxation works in resource-based (oil) and tourist (island) economies vs. services economies ("on shore"), they have more opportunity to facilitate digital identity services. Identity is not dead, it's just that identity is not about identity. Related to a comment I made on another thread about identity, FANG companies have two leverage points in this discussion. One is they can adjust their features to the countries in question, as few democratically elected governments could win an election if their population couldn't have iphones, amazon delivery, or netflix. The second is that without the US, sanctions against these companies are unenforceable, these companies own the digital identities of those populations, so those countries can only enforce data laws at the discretion of US authorities. They are increasingly an arm of US policy. The bargaining chips now are between the US wanting to regulate them domestically, and foreign countries wanting control and taxation. IMO, the deal proposed by US legislators will be, "deal with us, or them," where the US can offer protection and moderate taxation in exchange for more direct surveillance and policy levers. The real danger is new foreign tax obligations will likely be leveraged to break up the founder dictatorship equity model and create a scramble for their data assets. This SSC piece has influenced a lot of my thinking. Christopher Hitchens wrote about "the narcissism of small differences," concept as well. There was another post on HN recently about a summary of Rene Girard, who extended this idea ("mimetic violence" in his style) with the inevitability of scapegoating neutral parties as an alternative to war. The rationalist community that SSC has represented may be walking right into that scapegoat role because they are viewed as compromised by the extreme right, and as a gateway drug by the extreme left. I would argue critics like figures associated with the so-called, "intellectual dark web," are being scapegoated by social media platforms for precisely the reasons Girard describes for picking scapegoats. There is no point in tracking down the worst extremists because they don't have enough political traction to represent "something being done," but popular, relatively moderate critics are sufficiently high profile figures to make an example of in the hope that it provides some defusing catharsis. I couldn't say how much predictive power that model has. Either de-platforming "works" because it delays sectarian conflict, or it delegitimizes discourse altogether and just accelerates it. We're going to find out anyway, and it appears we indeed live in interesting times. I've also worked with SAML and OIDC as an architect, and implemented OAuth (relatively trivially) for websites, and SAML is not a solution that can be considered naively. The problem SAML solves is if you would like to stand up a federated IdP, or integrate to an existing federation that uses SAML. If you don't know what these mean, I'd argue you are blessed, and it's not a problem you have. I will say that many enterprise/institutional applications are simple CRUD web pages with gargantuan iceberged identity management problems that developers and project managers walk right into. Identity is a basic unanswered business model question that shouldn't be left to last minute implementation decisions. If you are building a consumer service today, I don't see why you would bother having your own password database or authentication scheme when you can just adopt any of the major platforms as an IdP using OAuth. Storing passwords today is dumb. I'd argue if you do not want to adopt an IdP and use their OAuth or OIDC service, stand up a Vault instance and use it for TOTP secrets for users 2FA apps. They are literally better user experiences than trying to remember a never-used password. If you need to do enterprise 2FA, Authy and Google Authenticator and now Apple's Sign-In and Relay services are great options. Keycloak is another cool package for handling OAuth and OIDC services as well. Slack is useful for solving problems, it is not useful for managing dynamics. It encourages a kind of public performance among non-technical people, and creates the situation for a kind of callout culture where you can apply pressure by creating a public paper trail. It's great for small teams, but it does not scale. It rapidly becomes twitter with your bosses and co-workers, where almost nothing being said is worth saying, and anything worth saying shouldn't be said there. Interestingly, we don't get to judge objectively what a good manager is, but we can tell what the effects are. Simply, if you can plan an expensive 2-week vacation 6 months from now without doubt or much stress, and with a high degree of confidence, you have a good manager. If you feel your work is making progress and contributing positively to the success of the company in a clear way that you have control of, your relationships with your co-workers are based on a basic level of trust and friction doesn't derail them into a power struggle, and you are able to approach all your work with calm deliberation, you also have a good manager. If you think these are things that are the responsibility of the employee and not your manager, you would be missing the point, because a good manager hires staff and maintains teams like this. It's very possible a good manager might not hire you or keep you on as well. It's worth asking why a good manager would hire you, and whether your criteria for having a good manager is simply that they like you. :) What you need is an umbrella concept for the product and its needs, named for the new business and marketing view, for which the codebase is a realization of it. Think of it as a set of new abstractions that wrap your product functionality. This is an unexpected application for an ontology like Webprotege. ( https://webprotege.stanford.edu/ ) Essentially, you build an ontology of needs and features and these become the new abstractions, and then reference the code bases that realize them in its nodes and attributes. There is an old joke about on what shade of pink the FT is printed, where officially it is called "salmon," but more privately readers call it, "parlour." As a former subscriber, this article is about the quality you can expect since the death or retirement of a number of their great writers. Gillian Tett keeps the whole thing afloat as the rest of their staff writers haven't written anything brave or challenging in almost a decade. I don't mind that donors are putting riders on their "gifts," because funding a chair in something niche is how the system always worked. It is also a bulwark against populism from both sides and against political expediency and revolutionary zeal. The university system used to be for an elite so tiny it didn't matter, where now it's the gatekeeper institution to the middle class, almost like the way mandatory military service for citizenship was, but for a managerial society. Imposing fashionable ideas on the whole system as a means to undermine any foundation for opposition to them is cynical and dishonest. This blog post is a better case study than any HBR or consulting firm study I've read because the author has a grasp of each of the technology, governance, and economics of the problem. Purely economic or political models of organizations assume you can just reform one to align with incentives, but tech is a physical limitation, it's the new inescapable geography. The companies and institutions I've encountered all essentially say, "We want success but without change," and then wonder why their initiatives fail. The point about "Agile" being a euphemism for "trust," is huge. Startups can be farcically naive (or cynical to the point of evil) about how trust in organizations works. C&C enterprise structures don't scale, and they become immensely vulnerable to challengers as a result. This article reminded me of the opportunity that large companies create, like stored potential energy in the form of opportunity costs. It's like a kingdom spread so widely that a small raiding army can feed itself on what these companies left undefended while planning campaigns. How much of this article is true for the rest of the Fortune 500? Kind of an interesting limit question though. Like what could we know about an instrument from a tune played on it, or from a collection of sheet music that may or may not have been written for it? The instrument can be thought of very loosely as representing a monad where force, reason, intent and all these other things go in and then "phenomena of type music" comes out. If the universe were monadic the way he describes, there is probably some information theory-meets-ontological limit that has to do with whether you can ever get "upstream" of these monads, of which our universe is the effect. Other than perhaps being able to discover and reproduce them. Defer to moderators on this, but because it's an FT article and podcast, this represents the level of understanding that policymakers will use. Between lack of a a nonce and an asserted exposure to code injection and replay attacks, the issues in the letter imply a week of vulnerability research could yield a complete takedown of the product - which would suck because an Apple sign-in experience using their TEE is really valuable. I could see someone making the choice where they would elect not to manage a nonce because its permuting effect was achieved by other parts of the protocol. Apple also has keys in a TEE, and a nonce generated and synchronized outside of that could have been interpreted as creating additional attack surface. If the OpenID letter is correct, there are exploitable vulnerabilities in Apples implementation that could be demonstrated. If they are not correct, they could just be angry Apple is leveraging its TEE to assert it doesn't need governance from this standards body because the standard is written for products without a separate hardware keystore. Does Signal prevent this or not? If the malware roots the device, probably not, but if it takes read.sms permissions, it should only get ciphertext. if it replaces the main SMS messenger, then it breaks, but you'd know. I just did a rough threat model on this exact scenario and worked with the assumption that Signal's MasterSecret covered it in the sms DB - but haven't done a thorough code review yet. I'd argue any article about "tax havens," that does not include a section on SPVs for insurance and other securities is un-serious agitprop. The "trillions" of dollars of assets registered in these countries is mainly collateral that secures agreements and contracts that yield income that gets taxed in the country where it is ultimately realized. Writing about these countries without addressing how mainstream financial instruments work should be treated as very revealing. I'd say they cannot work onshore because it just substitutes a transparency problem with a much more complex harmonization problem for rules across borders, which creates new arbitrages and political leverage points. The offshore situation we've had for a couple hundred years now is a case of better the devil you know. The rules in haven countries are established, clear, and provide a foundation for all the value in international trade. The only problem is it limits the total dominion of one group via surveillance, which I think is a feature, not a bug. For Special Purpose Vehicles to work onshore, you need something like income trusts, which barely exist anymore because of people who write articles like the one above. It is a custodian with limited liability that does not pay tax, so that you can hold assets in it and invest them to preserve the availability of the principle after a trigger event. Governments hated them because they diverted money out of income tax flows, and it is more politically expedient to solve revenue problems instead of spending ones. I think this aspect of the system works, and this sort of lazy propaganda needs to be recognized for what it is. I respect there are other views on this, but they should be held to a standard of financial literacy this article did not meet. The problem these and other less democratic countries have is that the government can stay in power using resource extraction wealth to pay their police and armies and they do not rely on direct taxation for their revenues. The reason the people do not have a say in how money gets spent is because there is no political reason to ask them. See De Mesquita and Smith on that dynamic. The problem for developing countries is not foreign bank "secrecy," (a presumptuous term itself) it's their domestic resource curse and other governments propping these leaders up. For these third party countries to decline to sign surveillance agreements and tax treaties that disadvantage them is not "secrecy," its sovereignty. Attacking the sovereignty of financial centres is a sordid attempt to bar the exits and prevent capital flight when large state governments impose ever more wealth destroying policies to buy votes. If by "fringe," you mean that solving the spending problem before the revenue problem is beneath discourse - the policy makers of every Tory, Republican, and Conservative party in the western world would probably like to have a word. As would a number of Liberal parties as well. Contributing to lazy propaganda that advocates for soaking "the rich," seems rather more a fringe activity, and further, if it does not include an understanding of the mechanisms of finance, one that is intellectually dishonest at that. This is fantastic news. The best possible way to get new platforms is to kick technically competent hackers out of existing ones. We should encourage other platforms to deplatform vulnerability researchers too. There _is_ no domestic accountability in those kleptocratic countries precisely because their governments do not make the majority of their revenues from a personal income tax base. I have doubts about the sincerity of western people who seem so terribly concerned about victimized peoples in distant countries when the net effect of the policies they advocate are really about domestic wealth redistribution. The kind of sanctimonious moral arbitrage that exploits "the people," of these countries as a pretext for influencing domestic policy with sob stories is utterly disingenuous. Kleptocrats gonna klepto, and the reason they can is they can afford to pay the military to keep them in power, with funds that come from resources or puppeteer empires. Offering gratitude without demonstrating understanding or any meaningful benefit just tells people their shared experience was wasted on you. If by ad hominem you mean in regard to the disingenuous and sanctimonious basis for many arguments against the sovereignty of financial centres, it is in reference to the quality of argument, and mere sarcasm is not moral high ground. Regarding the mechanisms of finance, I heartily recommend reading up on topics like insurance linked securities, catastrophe bonds, and other event driven insurance contracts that require managing long term collateral. I'll leave any final words on the topic to you. If they were so advanced, presumably they would go to the trouble of learning to communicate with us before they arrived or announced themselves. If this were the case, we should probably just listen as we're at a fairly significant disadvantage and we have more to gain from them than them from us. In that case, I'd probably send the Aga Khan, Dalai Lama, a Pope and other religious leaders because they deal with this specific existential problem in a fairly in-depth way, and and billions of people will credibly listen to them. However, if the aliens just YOLO'd it and showed up, this sounds completely insane, but I'd send the head rider of the Spanish Riding School of Vienna or the Cadre Noir of France, as an advisor/translator because they have spent their entire lives cultivating the ability to listen, empathize, and develop sophisticated communications and relationships with beings that are non-human and completely alien to us, while also necessarily embodying human leadership characteristics people develop, and are therefore probably the only humans trustworthy to represent us to an alien species. Nuts, but we're way past nuts if this happened. Both of them were iconoclasts tolerated by establishments because of talent and success, so it makes sense they became friends. Have to ask though: Does bromance mean friendship, except somehow inferior as the result of being tainted by a backhanded implication of homoeroticism, or just viewed through the lens of it? That one seems like a candidate for some unwrapping. It's not how much you make, it's how you make it: - dependency: allowances, public welfare, UI, grants, bursaries, inheritances and trust funds, scholarships etc. - labour: paid for fungible work. (piece work, hours of labour) - time: paid for individual time spent. (salary) - knowledge: paid for things that can be taken and reused e.g. analysis, opinion, assessment, advice, teaching. - performance: paid for outcome only you can deliver. e.g. litigation, sports, music, prizes, bonuses, gambling. - risk: paid for taking/holding risk, priced-in compensation for perceived potential loss. e.g. leverage, brokerage, insurance, liquidity. - capital: charging rents on a capital asset. e.g. real estate, dividends, loan interest, franchise fees, IP licensing. - power: taxation, tributes, bribes, etc. We can dress up the amounts people make and make up vanity excuses, but these are what you get compensated for, and there is definitely a hierarchy. Everyone likes to think they are middle class, but what really defines social position is how and for what you are compensated. Thank you for reference. That description seems to be a wiki article that deconstructs friendship and then reconstitutes it with hooks for critical theory elements designed to imply empowerment of the critic over the subject. I'd say that's a load of crap. :) Ketogenic diets have been prescribed for people with seizure disorders ("epilepsy") for decades. Given some psychological disorders are also treated with anti-convulsants, it's speculative, but a high fat diet causes a lot of physiological and hormonal (testosterone/cortisol leveks) changes that the possibility of it affecting brain function doesn't seem ridiculous. Someone with high anxiety who has not tried strenuous exercise with a high fat/protein low carb diet would seem to be leaving opportunity on the table as well. Question with graphs is whether you want it to be a representation of a dataset, or persist the graph as the data itself. For persistence, I use Neo4j to represent hundreds of dynamic graph ontologies, and I use the hosted version on graphenedb, which has worked just fine for my purposes. For some views, I just use NetworkX to generate interactive d3.js pages from data I have queried from the graph, or python/flask with py2neo to generate json for d3 visualizations. Some others use cytoscape for visualization, but I find that a bit dramatic for most purposes. Depending on how you would like to represent it, I can also recomment Webprotege and WebVOWL, since the graph you are creating is also in effect an ontology. The trouble with corporate jobs is that we tend not to cultivate a social support network and activities outside of it because many of these jobs are a kind of slavish race to the bottom where people compete to show their sacrifices in exchange for managerial favor. Some ways to hedge the (arguably, insane) social risks of your corporate job are, before you are unemployed: - learn to fish, as the author mentions. Hunting is similar, and good for relationships, as is canoeing, camping, and general outdoorsmanship. - buy a year+ membership at a cheap gym so you have somewhere to go a few days a week while you are off. The cheaper it is, the more social it will be. Think of it as social and mental health insurance. - join volunteer, church, or fraternal organizations to develop cheap activity based relationships. if you are a committed atheist, join a secular volunteer organization, and barring those, a theatre or activist group. - No matter what you hear about others, your severance will be a nasty insult and you will very likely have to spend to hire a lawyer to get what you are owed. Find one now and agree on a rate while you have a job. - keep lines to recruiters open while you are still employed, even if they are obnoxious. Don't let them know your current/past salary ever, because they will just use your lack of job to pressure you down on the next one. For them to "have your number," literally means being at a disadvantage. If you are unemployed or just about to be, it's very stressful, but it builds character, and for everyone I know who experiences it, living through it is always better than living in fear of it. Thank you. I think the point of an undergrad degree is to produce credulity. My recent comment history has one about about how money is made, and that's the perspective I think young people should have. tl;dr: it's a scale of dependency, labour, time, skill, risk, capital, power. STEM people are not typically taught negotiations, sales, political science, marketing, or business and we're often given this conceit that we're above all that, which I think keeps us stupid and cheap. I sympathize with the romantic view of FP, and I'd say that the choice of language defines culture in companies I've worked in. I've hacked around with Haskell/snap and worked (as non developer) in a clojure shop and my impression is that functional languages are an expression of a culture that values a certain quality of thinking that is just not commodity today. I suspect you can hold off imitators in an early stage company for a few extra months by giving the impression that there is a high cost/high risk aspect to your product, and it creates a foundation of quality reasoning about features. However, I have also witnessed a culture clash a few times, where to build a business with investors, you need to scale up with commodity developer talent, and you lose the core team when you try to integrate them. Anecdotally, functional languages also tend to attract personalities who can be difficult to focus on products, which are to them just side effects of discovery. A company that depends on "geniuses," to run it is probably not a very sound business. If I wanted to build a company positioned for linear growth over a 20 year horizon that was services heavy, in a specific niche like utilities or security, I would choose a functional language for the platform. If I wanted to position a company for exponential growth or integration/acquisition into another product family, I'd pick something with less friction around its cultural edges. This relationship to self worth is a big piece of it. Valuing competence in a company is a cultural value. It's not professional, it's basically a craft/academic orientation or aspirationally so. The products I have seen them release were exceptional in their novelty. There are upsides and downsides to the mysteriousness piece. The upside is rapid decisions based on group deference to demonstrable expertise and competence. The downside is a bottleneck where you can't delegate competence, so everything needs the guru blessing. Ultimately, this figure only gets a veto, and you get the global veto anti-pattern in the org. It's a basis for alignment that doesn't scale as well as dynamic collaboration. To me, the quality of thinking part has an effect on the culture is expressed as the cost/benefit and scaling aspects of fast hierarchies vs. the optionality of dynamic collaboration. (viewed negatively as command/control vs. political solutions.) Any new system will necessarily have better oversight than the one that has co-evolved in a murky organic soup with cash and foreign exchange. Even bitcoin has more transparency than the majority of transactions today. Watching some of those Senate hearings is like a trial organized by superstitious villagers. Libra is just a company scrip, like poker chips, which happens to be facilitated by a distributed ledger. I don't use Facebook because it is an abomination, but given the trend toward de-dollarization, the return of currency baskets and reserves made of special drawing rights, and effective negative interest rate policies, Libra may be the last best hope of the US to maintain its current level of influence in the international currency market. Only thing I recommend is that the company should just change it's name to Statebook. People who ask questions tend not to be cut off as often as speakers who don't. If you get the floor and are still sounding out an idea in front of a group, consider whether contributing is a valuable use of everyone's time. There are of course people who talk forever and interrupt everyone else to make it about them, and it's because they need personal development. It's on the senior-most person there to interrupt them and redirect the flow of the discussion. However, if that person going on and on is the most senior person, then sitting there and listening and humouring them is your job. Even though Libra will be HQ'd in Switzerland, FB control means US and State Dept. control by extension. If a Chinese company dominates payments for the unbanked, the dollar and SWIFT partners hegemony ends and that lever is much weaker. Social network payments will be a "radical monopoly," and the ability to manipulate exchange rates on that platform gives absolute power over import/export prices. Probably not something you want to yield. Try buying ads on linkedin and setting an amount you want to spend. It auto-renewed that amount, every day for weeks, without an email or even linkedin profile notification. It's an extremely shady dark pattern. I lost well over $1000 to them before I discovered it and cancelled. Have fun getting a refund as well. In short, avoid. I'm sure legally there was a reference, however the interface was structured to loot my credit card. I told support as much, and while I'm sure there was some indicator, again, no notification my card was being charged in my linkedin account notifications, and no emails that it was being charged. You need to watch it accumulate practically real time, because it will auto renew. Under what circumstances someone would willingly sign up to have $100 taken from them as an automatic refill is beyond me. Further, when someone is fundamentally dissatisfied with a service, you either refund them or you have profited by misrepresentation. In spite of a messaged commitment from them to refund the money, I have not received any notification that it has been refunded. The good news is that when a company's culture sucks that much, it is ripe for disruption. Another vote for following it up. These kind of people usually have one tool that works well in that environment because nobody anticipates their level of mendacity. We should start identifying and naming these ploys in categories. The tactics are so diverse and situation specific that the list is too long to be more useful than a bunch of grievances, but their logic that identifies the opportunity to apply the tactic is going to be a very small set. Is it just asserting counterfactuals and betting on the agreeableness of others and your power relationship to them to become implicated in it? e.g. 1. "You're going to have this by thursday." Repeat until people stop challenging you because you are unreasonable or insane. 2. tell a third party, "X told me he would have this by thursday." 3. "If you don't have this by thursday Third Party will hold you accountable and I will not help you." The play seems legitimate because you are driving an issue by getting bigger players to have a stake in the outcome, and making yourself the broker between that power and the delivery team. As awful as it is, some of this is just the lot in life of being on the delivery side instead of the management side. A bit confused about the point of a personal improvement program if you can't use it as a pretext to fire yourself after. Or maybe that would be the best improvement program of all? In the last crypto wars in the 90s and competent scientific explanations of the dilemma between trustworthy and backdoored didn't register with people who think in political terms either. The government side of this is rhetorically, "we can imprison and kill engineers until one of you delivers us a flying pig, whether you still say that's impossible is your call." Some engineer is going to figure out how to meet their requirements. Pigs themselves can't fly per se, but when you get to discussing how far, in what direction, for how long, under what power, and the consequences of doing nothing, even flying pigs become a solvable problem. A technologist will say, "that's horrible, unethical, and wrong, you just ran those pigs off a cliff." Everyone else looks at the politicians and the guys with the guns and says, "See? Flying pigs." They also probably push that technologist over the cliff as well. This is why they call politics the art of the possible. What Barr is saying is that he plans to make tech companies accountable for his problems in justice. This kind of irrational posturing is probably a bargaining gambit on other regulatory areas or just an empty signal to rank and file law enforcement that the whitehouse and AG are on their sides. Remarkable thing about satire is that it truly is the province of the underdog. The contempt people had for their communist rulers was funny ("kicking up"), but the humour would not work if they used the same caricatures downward at the same kind of coarse people ("kicking down"). The irony of the communists was that by being the revolutionary people, "kicking up" became an attack on their "down," identity. Anecdotally, I met someone who stopped updating their linkedin profile because he found out someone was making anonymous comments and allegations to his employers. He didn't know what they were or who it was because it came second hand from a colleague who told him that an exec had asked about him because of an anonymous message. Also, whisper networks in tech are very much a thing and they are full of just the quality of people you would expect to find in them. When asked about people I truly can't stand, I say I am sympathetic to the barriers they faced to success and we didn't know each other well. It's not a code, it's the truth. I don't give much weight to the opinions of people who are cruel or have axes to grind either. This is a rare view. Keep your public social networks well-pruned. Don't talk about plans, the future, or uncertain opportunities, and if you work for crappy people, get out as fast as you can before you give them an unlimited option on causing your reputation harm for the rest of your career. I actually believe the power networks that matter are made up of people who can afford honesty and magnanimity, and that gossips never make it above being minor gatekeepers. Low stakes players sometimes get to sit at high stakes tables, and sometimes they take out a high stakes player from that round, but they go bust pretty fast. At some point, people are going to see the problem as not of a lack of privacy technologies, but of a small group who surveils them and exploits their personal information to keep them disadvantaged, and they will decide that this is the problem they need to solve. It is also likely that the technology they use to solve that problem will be much less sophisticated. Ballots, surely. Congrats on funding round, we need more options in this space. I'm a Neo user today, and I've said before that while I don't think most people will switch to graph databases, at some point I do think most new projects will use them. I chose Neo precisely because of py2neo. The decision to adapt GraphQL instead of supporting Cypher, what would you say were the big trade offs? As a startup, your price point is in the 20k/y ballpark, but GrapheneDB/Neo comes in a lot lower. What would I get for paying that much more? I find that the audience for something that operates at the level of abstraction that a graph does tends to be different than the user who makes decisions based on lower-level features. e.g. design level problems vs. optimization problems. Would you say more that you can get Mongo and Redis (+redisgraph) users to switch to Dgraph, or instead more that the main customers for graph databases are still in school right now and deciding what tech skills will underpin their careers? Fascinating space and looking forward to trying the product. Very cool, thank you. I'm also eyeing the Janus graph for my next project, mainly because I'm interested in the Compose platform, and it's nice to have competing approaches. Will watch closely. I'm using a graph for a collaboration platform where the back end benefits from the idea of dynamic relationships between objects where someone "owns," "shares," and things "comprise," etc. Instead of tacking an RBAC system onto a flat document management system, I just designed my data model as a set of objects and different types of relationships. Saves me the trouble of metadata, normalization, and access control just becomes a traversal instead of having to manage a separate policy store. Anything that requires collaboration, sharing, user profiles, consent, etc. Having spent some time down this route, the big question is, who consumes these visuals, and what kind of decisions do they make, and how? I'm already heavily invested in this, and it's still possible I've just got it completely wrong and it sucks, but here's some insight on viz in the security field. For the last year I have been presenting a set of visual models that allow product managers (and people who hold solution risk but don't code) to collaborate on threat modelling with their dev teams, because collaboration is the only viable way to solve security, and it's the one thing we haven't tried because the entire DNA of our field originates in a revolt against solving problems merely by managing to get along with others. Product and higher love it, but the resistance I have encountered has been from security technologists whose work it simplifies because it does not enable them to express their virtuosity. The analogy I would use is it's has been a bit like showing a pianist a sequencer/synthesizer or a percussionist a turntable. Excellent tools for composition and making things other people want, but ones that debase the artists investment in talent and physical skill. It does not help them actualize. Security people become extra suspicious of data viz because they sense they are the ones being persuaded to trust the person who came up with it, and their mission in life is to dig beneath representations. Viz can have the opposite of its intended effect by reducing team alignment as the result of the most technical people defecting in response. What I have learned about colleagues in the security field is that they want tools to help them become things, not reports to relate with and broker things. Security people tend to want to be powerful outsiders, hackers, researchers & scientists, sheepdogs, magicians, etc. They generally do not want to be the insiders, deal makers, enthusiasts, collaborators, persuaders, deciders, or other people who operate on the level of abstraction where they consume and present visualizations and other representations. If we did, learning about crypto primitives and to reason in BAN logic is the least smart way to achieve that. Similarly, nobody masters the oboe to be cool and popular like a DJ, and while they appreciate the difference it makes in a song, most people are indifferent to whether it is synthesized. So long as a tool lets a project manager move a risk item from Red to Amber to get them through a project gate, they wouldn't care if we in security used an interpretive dance troupe. The threat modelling tools today are basically toys for technologists where decision makers see them and say, "great, you've shown us how smart you are, what will it take to get you onside?" The irony is that this is success from a security perspective, because it gets them a seat at the table. So why say this at all? Because the revolutionary change that will solve security will not come from data, or individuals demonstrating how brilliant they are. It will be a function of collaboration, facilitated by clear representations of shared understanding, and alignment of all parties on incentives and risks. That last part is the Hard problem, because it's fundamentally political, and the one as technologists we are least equipped to resolve. This data viz challenge is a fun idea, but it would be helpful to know just who they think will be the consumer of these visualizations, and what they would do if one were perfect. Indeed, there has been a lot of flashy useless stuff. Looking back at the days of products like silentrunner, intellitactics, and then the tyranny of radial diagrams and chart junk that followed, it's littered with failed dreams. Viz has a GIGO problem (garbage in, garbage out) and a big part it is the lack of methodology and general maturity of the field. The project I never got around to was extracting n-grams, making them nodes of a graph, then testing for badness variants using cliques and isomorphisms. Part of the reason I didn't move on it was 'graphyness," did not appear to add information that could be obtained using other, faster, clustering methods with more mature tools, and much smarter people than me were working on solving it. Reasoning about the interpreted behaviour of a program as "malware," is a really fun problem. Detecting known malware, variants, work-alikes, known behaviours, and then intent and "badness," are layers of abstraction that can't be solved bottom-up. Badness is an interpreted reflection of the effect of executed code, so this "missing interpreter" information means there is no pure functional definition or derivation of badness. The best possible solution is a risk calculation based on code reputation with the error rate covered by some kind of event driven insurance. (Where you can't have certainty, you can at least have compensation.) IMO, malware analysis is an imperfect information game that we have spent a lot of time trying to solve as a perfect one, and you can see how AV products are running up against these limits now. When I encountered FHE as a potential solution, it was in designing authentication and payment tokens. Use case was you need to be able to verify that the output of a program was also a proof of the integrity of that program. E.g. I receive a payment token from you, and I can verify that this token was produced by a program I could verify as being the "real," program, personalized to your identity, on a device also personalized to your identity, that you physically hold and verify yourself to. Pretty good* with a chip/pin combination, but on a mobile general purpose computer with lots of other code on it, Hard problem. With some handwaving, FHE would ostensibly have enabled the secure personalization of the program and the signing of those token outputs. It was a variation on: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Direct_Anonymous_Attestation as well. FHE was the DRM holy grail where suddenly you can "tokenize," information. Other applications are in selling and metering software use. In the case of health information, the ability to open up data sets to researchers to query and analyze without the risk of losing control of the data is huge. We know that de-identification of data is (information theoretically) impossible, but an ideal FHE scheme would facilitate queries against data that would mitigate much of the risk associated with it. The other use case is in highly regulated environments where there are legal firewalls between lines of business. Basically wherever there is a use case for de-identification, FHE is a potential solution in that domain. In that regulatory case, it's sort of ironic that it's a solution for, "ok, we won't commit a crime, but we need the hypothetical output of that crime, so let's use cryptography to facilitate that outcome without explicitly breaking the law whose effect is to prevent this outcome." Perhaps that's why people working in it seem so cagey. I find how offended some of the people commenting are really compelling. What is the rationale behind this? Like why do it, then why again? I'm still open to the possibility this could be brilliant. How about in the thread? It would be really helpful. The vulnerability descriptions in the awards page are some of the best security writing I have ever read. Is it accurate to interpret from the article that if an angel investor is in fact backed by money from LPs, her fiduciary responsibility to her own investors is greater than the flexibility she might have toward the company if she were just running her own money, and therefore these incentives can put her interests at odds with founders? Further, is there an implication that it's the SAFE itself that sets this up in the first place? The example I'm thinking of is an institutional LP who can't do risky deals like startup SAFEs, but they can buy into "established," funds where the risk is distributed over other partners who can, and this angel front gets them the startup portfolio exposure they need. The downside is the SAFE explodes into giving up more equity than founders anticipated to their proxied angel, whose partners' risk appetite causes complexity and conflicts with potential A-round participants. I've only read about this stuff, but what would you correct about these interpretations? The point of diminishing returns on sanity occurs sooner than almost everyone expects. Surprised nobody has yet mentioned Douglas Adams' "Wonko the Sane," who built an asylum turned inside out to house the whole world. Many comedians would qualify as this as well. I know a few people I would consider "hypersane," and you can't have too many of them around because they are immune to the various arbitrages that create need and value for everyone else. They are also very charismatic and hence, contagious. I understand traditionally the cure for hypersanity was either hemlock, or crucifixion. Huawei will likely become the main competition for NSO group and companies like it, but that's the least of the worlds worries. Governments with resource wealth don't need large public services that would operate a sophisticated intelligence service, so they outsource it. So far these governments have been doing point targeting against dissidents w/ mercenary surveillance companies, but it's possible these companies are about to be steamrolled by one that implements their products as a free feature of their entire infrastructure. The bargain will be, we'll support your campaign/coup and modernize your infrastructure for your people, while giving you intel we collect on your dissidents and opposition. Then, once Huawei infrastructure is ensconced, no government will get into power who does not have support from China. A very "harmonious," cycle. Want be be elected again? Secure our rights to extract rare earth minerals. Etc. The company is a projection of Chinese state power, not unlike western telcoms with 5EYES and the ITU has been. The difference is the Party lacks the sentimentality of western countries when it comes to issues of total surveillance and intervention to maintain control. (Albeit, we have never been above supporting butchers either, so YMMV.) My prediction is that once the Huawei gear is in place, a country's political class will turn to face east on policy and resource questions. It's pure leverage. Western tech companies can't make the same promises to those governments either. It's not like Google can promise to prop up the next Idi Amin, but Huawei doesn't have that constraint. So far, the world has been content to deal with the devil it knows. Anyway, I'd say this article is an anecdote of a larger geopolitical shift. Containing Huawei should be a national security priority for everyone, but tbh, it's looking more and more like our respective mere leviathans have become oversized, slow moving prey for their hydra. I have a problem with this whole concept that you don't get to have ideas and test them, but that the ideation and words themselves make you something or means you are or have become something. It's dishonest, lacks any legitimacy, and it is the root of the culture war. Words only have the consequences the reader or listener gives them, they do not have intrinsic consequences in themselves. The fantasy that mere belief is transformative or redeeming is a seductive deception. Platforms should demonstrate they are principled before merely driving certain interests, even (especially) if they are convinced those interests are the right ones. Key insight. Very closely related. In the secularized instance of it we're encountering now, people could be said to be substituting demonstrations of belief for mercy, etc. I'd argue the particular choice of symbols in a religious war is really secondary and not meaningful to how predictable its progress is, sadly. The most insidious thing social platforms do is secretly ban and filter content to give the impression it is published when it is not. In any other situation, de-ranking, "shadow banning," and other opaque filtering while giving the impression of being public would be fraud. It's designed to steal the posters time and effort. Their platform their rules, except it could become difficult to justify using a platform to actively defraud people of their time and effort. Attracting peoples content with the promise of publicity only to sabotage it is straight bait and switch. I'm sure it's all very narrowly legal, but post-election lawsuits in 2022 will be ones to watch. I'm glad this stuff is coming out, but there are viable youtube alternatives for sharing video. If they want stuff off their platform, just say so, and people will use new platforms. I still believe this behaviour by social media companies will yield new platforms. The kids learning to code now are realizing there is a network of people using "censorship," to actively manage a simulation of a world with a manufactured consensus they find acceptable. We're barely a decade past the winner-take-all pattern of platforms, and a totally new dominant platform is less than 5 years away. I'm still optimistic that these platforms are the AOL, Compuserve, and Myspace of today. This too shall pass. Anecdotally, of the 4 days/week people I've worked with, there was never any thought that adding a fifth marginal day to their week would yield commensurate productivity returns. Value for money, the 4-day week constraint keeps people busy enough to actually get things done fast. I don't know what their difference in comp was, but my impression each time was they had negotiated the 4-day week against the cost of a consultant. e.g. As an employer, maybe you want to pay an employee $120k/y salary. To replace that employee with a contractor will cost you $220k/year. The employees pitch was, given what it would cost and what they can make consulting, they would take the offered $120k salary for a 4-day/week role. It's a question of value, not scaling to hours. From the article: "People with Asperger’s syndrome, the term still commonly used for one of the most well-known forms of autism spectrum disorder, bring serious advantages to the financial markets: extreme focus, a facility with numbers, a willingness to consider unpopular opinions, a strong sense of logic, and an intense belief in fairness and justice. But, like other autistic employees, they often feel alienated from their managers, colleagues, and clients. Sometimes they simply get fired." I wonder if these people were always fired, or has something in the business changed that made immoderate instances of these traits a liability? Tech has changed in the last decade, to where I don't think someone "on the spectrum," could survive very long in a west coast company without being preyed upon by people who trade on other attributes. Using Pfeffer's triad of "Performance, Credentials, Relationships," businesses seem to evolve to where success becomes weighted to the latter two instead of purely on performance. Arbitrage, startups, and other asymmetric, high risk plays could seem to benefit from high performing people on the spectrum, where people in later stage businesses that have more linear growth or stability benefit from the latter two. To me, the trouble with the most functional edge of the "spectum," view as presented is it seems to both normalize groupthink and some of the more shameful characteristics of political operators, and pathologizes clear reasoning and principle. I get that expecting others to be accountable to my or any other general ethical rules is to choose suffering, but the tendency to pseudo-medicalize people as "on the spectrum," who lose politically feels ominous. Not sure what are they so worried about. Las Vegas exists in an environment totally dependent on the outside. Paying guards is trivial when you pay them out of providing another service. If they were actually in a bunker because of nuclear fallout, just be the guy with the promises a few can believe in, and use them to keep the others in line. It's not a few guards with guns that keep prisoners the world over from revolting, it's hope. Electronic voting is simulated voting. It's that simple. Having recently finished "Hillbilly Elegy," this interview reminded me of similar themes. America doesn't really have a meaningful discourse on class I suspect because the Soviet machine dominated it for so long it became a kind of third-rail topic. If you are from a working class background, or find yourself navigating it, what you notice about people who have left it is they leave behind that very "dignity," (or honour) that defines working people. They become placeless, "political," "from anywhere," as opposed to "from somewhere."[1] It's because an elite education broadens your perspective so that the symbols and things you previously thought were meaningful and powerful don't figure in with the same significance when you see the bigger picture of possibilities. What working people treat as a localized cultural dignity can seem like superstition when viewed against much greater power in a global context and perspective. This dignity is still important, but higher education "pops," you out of that view. The side effect (or cause of problems) of this is that today, even the most elite institutions do not create enough cultural distance between working people and the new administrators, and so you have this insecure burgher class in America who define themselves with displays of contempt for "white trash," "rednecks," etc, because even their advanced education and high paying jobs (or cultural capital) do not provide them with enough distance and certainty that they are in fact sufficiently different, that working people wouldn't even register as a threat to their identity. The reason a "noble," person can treat people equally is because there is absolutely no danger of the association harming their identity and position. It's also why country people can seem extra egalitarian, because they just don't have a stake in the affectations of city class navigation. You can also see how the most militant critics of working class values and of the underclasses' dignity systems and honour codes are the people who most closely resemble them, or perceive they are only a few paychecks away from them: "artists," with middling if any higher education, unionized workers, city dwellers with precarious culture and media jobs. The lower middle who need to distinguish themselves and work harder so they don't lose, "everything," and be reduced to those people they are trying so hard to separate themselves from. On the upper end, there is a kind of haughty mystification at why anyone would actually fear wearing red or blue in certain neighbourhoods, but when they say they don't understand, what they mean is they don't need to. This negative cycle of downward class anxiety and neuroticism from the new middle just provokes entrenchment of working tribe values and reactionary views, and you get the culture wars of today. America's new elite is not exceptionally elite by historical standards, and it knows it, and their impostor syndrome is expressed mainly as contempt for an underclass and the scapegoating of working class people. The solutions are more complex, but the problem seems stark as day. [1] https://www.theguardian.com/books/2017/mar/22/the-road-to-so... So much fun! At first glance, only feature requests I might have added when I did this sort of work would be in for audio spectrographs in the multimedia section. Useful for finding stego, embedded thumbnails, hidden channels etc, and a generalized malicious ZIP parser that deals with the myriad of nasties packers can use. The demand to scale this capability within an agency like that makes it worth while to build tools like this, wonder whatother easter eggs are in there beyond alert msgs. Brits, so cheeky. As a motorcyclist who just came in the door from a 300+ mi. day, the two most interesting leather goods makers for jackets are Vanson Leathers and Schott NYC. U.S made, and last forever. Both do custom work as well. Lewis Leathers in the UK is the other big brand, with Roland Sands Design on more trendy end of the spectrum. For boots, I can recommend Gasonlina, who do made to measure motorcycle boots, and I've a pair of their "shortcut" boots for years. If there is a drop in leather prices, it's an excellent opportunity to get custom clothing and gear made. Wish prices were down when I got my Vanson. If they are going to use minor violations of the law as a pretext for revenue collection, they should call it what it is: kleptocracy. If those places are dying out, it's probably best to let them turn into ghost towns because they have succumbed to corruption as a way of life. If that municipal or county government is operated by unionized public workers, including police, then the revenue collection is going primarily to pay that union, who in turn fund politicians who continue their revenue collection policies to pay their members. It's capture, so in effect, kleptocracy. "The most intolerant wins," dynamic may explain much of it. The availability of vegan food may have grown because it is a complimentary good which lets groups that include vegans eat there. Previously, groups that included vegans either ended up in vegan restaurants, or didn't eat together at all. Other purity urges could seem to have the same property. And the foregone conclusion in the article: "The dramatic uses of the sign of Renaissance masculinity par excellence – the beard – reveal how precarious, provisional and potentially groundless the ideology of early modern masculinity was, the very ideology upon which the sign-system of the stage relied. As we look at today’s hipsters – beards, man-buns and tattoos aplenty – we may also wonder what lies beneath the surface of the identities that they construct." Appears the writer confuses criticism with competence. It's the conceit of modern academia. Yawn. I wouldn't treat it as anything more than a risk assessment, and telling people just implicates them and makes them responsible. As a condition of investment, many investors require that companies have blanket IP ownership over their employees brains. If there is value you generate that doesn't go into your job, that's an inefficiency managers would be obligated by their role to optimize out. The good ones would probably rather not know, the worst will using monitoring and surveillance to find out if there is some additional leverage they can use against you. On your way into a job, redline the contract so that any IP ownership clauses are narrowly defined to the domain of the work so that if your fanfic novel or interpretive dance show becomes an international phenomenon, your employer doesn't get an option on the profits. Be in a position to negotiate those contract clauses on your way into a job, which means, don't be unemployed, and always maintain a pipeline of opportunities when you have a job. Regarding the recruiters, you aren't wasting anyone's time, they can only waste their own with unappealing offers, so keep those conversations open. In all the organizations I've been in, the approach to moonlighting was don't ask, don't tell. Of course it's psychotic, but that doesn't make it any less common. In case my comment was ambiguous, this article was a pretext for a critic to repeat a trope wrapped in trivia, and an attempt to conflate their opinion with insight. It begged mockery. To address it directly, the article was a vehicle for a criticism of the legitimacy of masculine traits without demonstrating any competence in embodying them, making it a petty complaint wrapped in academ-ese. If gender norms were arbitrary, anyone could be a good man, even a great one, and yet even though this is allegedly arbitrary, there are still so few of them. What the author views critically as "performance" is the effect of their embodiment, just as music is not arbitrary and merely performed, but the effect of the skill of the performer. This trope that masculinity is merely performitive is like saying Rachmaninoff or Arthur Rubinstein were just actors. It's the artifact of a dissociated hall of mirrors worldview that has seized intellectuals who have no grounding in physicality and competence. All I can add is, sure, totally performitive. Having a critical theory of music does not make one a musician, and playing some show tunes doesn't make you a great one. While the listener is free to like or dislike it, the author's opinion carries about as much weight as any other complaint. I do agree that a man is certainly not his beard, in fact to have one is a statement that he is more magnificent than his beard, which, given modern grooming concoctions, is a very bold statement to make indeed. What makes hipsterdom so laughable is that their beards are more remarkable than their achievements. What makes this article laughable is the author can't tell the difference. I would regret if my views were not presented clearly. Who are some people who will use this and what does one get for taking the risk to associate with them? It seems superficial, but for a social network, it's the only question that matters. Following this up: Their statement on how it will not disrupt society: https://secushare.org/society And statement on their threat model: https://secushare.org/threats The language is a bit passive, but charitably, their intent is to push surveillance stakeholders into either a) using social means to infiltrate group membership, or b) targeting user endpoints with malware. The tool will do this while frustrating passive interception. Presumably we can use ML bots on accounts to infiltrate communities by now and then hand the reins to an investigator as a cover identity when it becomes useful. Just not sure how this is all desirable. As someone whose default ringer setting is off unless I'm expecting a call, and have been like that for almost a decade, giving fewer people a guaranteed option on my time is a great start to being able to build and choose with calm, higher quality decisions. We get what we reward. When you don't set boundaries, you can't expect other people to anticipate them, let alone respect the ones you have in effect imagined. Writing and answering emails at 2am just makes you the 2am email guy and who wants that person in their life? In the morning, I read from a physical book first thing to set a boundary between my real day and the internet. It's not a trick and I usually forget most of what I've read, but it's a boundary I set and a choice about how I relate to the world. Forget about hacks to steal back moments so you can find a way to bear the suffering you've accepted as normal. Just learn to value calm, and place its priority above everything you feasibly can. The quality of the decisions you make as a result of valuing calmness as a principle will alter the trajectory of your life. It can't always be the supreme priority, but being deliberate about making exceptions to it is most of the way there. When we worry about missing opportunities (FOMO), we tend to overlook that it presupposes those opportunities come from someone else. It is a figment of how we have chosen to relate to those perceived people. It also goes away as a result of recognizing that perception as an inessential obstacle to the calm that you value. Sure, if you haven't set boundaries before, choosing to set them will be disruptive, initially. The relationships that dropped off were the ones that involved emergencies, panics, and ultimatums. They were also similar to the ones that dropped off anyway once I became more successful because their basis in shared, co-misery wasn't there anymore. It creates a self-selecting filter where your only remaining connections are to people who respect those boundaries, and in effect, you. Anecdotally, it's a pretty good way to live. This "tech-life balance" approach is a start and is a sign of the need we have for it. I'd argue a more effective approach would be to just choose calm. Make an active decision about how you relate to the machines and the perceived relationships they represent, using calmness not as a goal or temporary state, but as a principle. Then, turn off your ringer. When I reviewed different obfuscator products, it was based on the idea it was only a "speedbump," for our threat actors, and imposed the cost of someone having both the motive and means to reverse it. If you would prefer that a summer student at an enterprise customer doesn't replace your product with an in-house work-alike, it's useful. Similar if it's cheaper to buy your product than spending several hours reversing it. If your business model relies on the integrity of a secret (key, derivation component, method, etc), it probably has a single, catastrophic failure mode and obfuscation isn't your solution. Key management between emergency services remains a hard problem. Paramedics often don't have hands free to type information into a terminal, so they use radio, which means keying their handsets, and then classifying the keys for different security levels. e.g if you need to talk to SWAT and other teams, you are going to need a separate channel and key. Police have an interesting case with that as well, where techs that use or distract their hands during stops are a safety issue. Military communications for a given mission are mainly all in the same security domain so key management is relatively easy. Co-ordinating key management for daily use between police forces, ambulance services, hospitals, fire stations, and other responders is non-trivial. I do suspect the best possible privacy solution would be a regulation that made personal and health information acquired without explicit consent inadmissible in a civil court case, regulatory tribunal, or other government process, and heavy fines for using it for insurance and credit and licensing other decisions by regulated/protected businesses. Not so much GDPR regs, but just removing legal leverage from the data. We still need technical security and privacy controls, but creating legal liability for the people who hold and exploit it is the real solution. Agencies can't hide behind, "machine learning," and "random checks," for targeting people. There will be some hard cases, but if you use PII/PHI without explicit informed consent and collection, use and disclosure for specific purposes, you should be handicapped legally, imo. We could call this historical period a great dis-integration where the consensus that formed the equilibrium of the last 60 years has been disrupted by tech, and we're looking at a period of volatility before reaching a new equilibrium. I've argued before that U.S. critical infrastructure vulnerability will prevent it from intervening in Taiwan and Hong Kong. Its lack of a strong homeland defensive posture on infrastructure has emboldened regional powers like China, Russia, and Iran to assert themselves over local NATO allies without fear of US retaliation. e.g. The US isn't going to risk a dam flooding or a long term grid failure over a distant minor ally. Arguably, NATO made sense when partners could defend their infrastructure, but the mutual aid commitment becomes a suicide pact when your cities can be turned into tribal warzones by depriving them of power, payments, and fuel. Nobody wants to get drawn into that by a minor ally. That's the weakness that creates the power vacuum into which warring parties pile in. We do indeed live in interesting times. Vulnerability on cybersecurity for critical infrastructure is a known-known. Best practices have been and continue to be the lowest common denominator and an abysmal failure. Compliance solves nothing, and it is a make work project for compromised jobsworth consultants who lack the standing to tell anyone they told us so. What I am arguing is tech and poor management culture in energy and infrastructure companies is the weak link that gave away the empire. No surprise he thought mere book-learning was inferior. "Real knowledge, Socrates said, can only be gathered via dialog: a give and take of questions and answers where ideas are interrogated until the knowledge is truly understood. But with a book, that cannot be done unless one has access to the author." What I have finally been able to articulate for myself is that education is not information, it is the effect of a relationship and practice. When you isolate information in the dynamic, it describes how ostensibly educated people can be starkly ignorant of facts, and how autodidacts aren't reliable no matter what truths they might be in possession of. The internet gives us unlimited information, with only some means to practice it if you code, and it simulates relationships that do not materially exist. It is making us stupid in a way we can't readily appreciate, which is perhaps what being stupid itself means. The perspective doesn't matter much other than to give some mental respite from the nonsense of echo chambers and social hall of mirrors most people seem to be preoccupied with, but then again, that is the comfort philosophy was meant to provide, so YMMV. I reverse the order of every email I write before sending it. As in, I write it then put the last thing I wrote first, because it necessarily has more thought put into it. Same with paragraphs. BLUF works when the power relationship between the speaker and listener/reader/writer was established prior to the communication. This article sold me in switching to iPhone. It's like everything about Facebook dating seems like a eugenic program to favour people with a naive and submissive tendency toward power and authorities. As a technology change, online dating has become a "radical monopoly (Illich)," in the sense that whether you use it or not, you are subject to it, the way a cyclist is subject to the car, and any algorithmic bias or site policy is in effect a eugenics program. Of course nobody criticizes something when they are winning, and an ostensible losers view of dating is the very popular definition of disgusting, but for a ubiquitous global company whose business model reduces to selling ads on addictive pocket slot machines to become a dominant player in the genetic selection game should give people at least some pause. Can't address authoritatively, but speculatively, there is reason to believe they would use device telemetry to check their platform exposure to malware. It's a blanket excuse to say "security," but the only viable malware detection works by inventorying telemetry off-device, as on-device can be detected instrumented around by any advanced attacker. No need to apologize. Given this tech is precisely intended as a tool for people to meet each other, and the service value add is the filtering of options based on data they have collected by surveillance, that would distinguish it from say, a train. A more concrete analogy would be if you donated to an egg or sperm bank, and found out later that the hospital had destroyed samples after checking the donors linkedin profiles for employment gaps. If you would really like to turn my innocent quip into an something more inflamatory, I'd say a lack of informed consent by users about the use of their data, obtained by surveillance, used to impose opportunity costs on their reproductive prospects, structured around the commercial and political agenda of a company who makes addictive products - would be a pretty awful thing to countenance indeed. I'm sure the lawyers and bioethicists have got it all sorted out. Matching people based on their survieled unintentional preferences instead of their stated intentional ones seems helpful, except I'd propose that the combination of opacity and power difference ethically deprives the subjects of their intent. They may have volunteered for the opportunity, but they have not volunteered to be chosen for. The selection bias inherent in secret data is the expression of the intent of the administrator, not the intent of the subjects. Taking this beyond a quip wades much deeper into thorny ethical issues than is really useful on HN, but I hope this has emphasized the value of letting sleeping dogs lie. How small. Not sure for how much longer this will be true, but if someone can survive in the market without a degree, something about them must be exceptional. Not having a degree is a ridiculously expensive counter signal that is costly enough to be honest in many cases, so as a fast filter, it's often worth interviewing them. I get that a business that needs autodidact polymaths to run it is by definition going to have trouble scaling, will probably fail because nobody else could understand it, and that it is probably not a very good business, but this describes the vast majority of businesses, which fail in their first few years anyway. The outcome of blowing your capital on mediocre staff vs. unproven mavericks is the same. However, expecting unconventional outcomes while only risking conventional failure seems a bit self fulfilling. The cameras ensure criminals don't have to worry about law abiding people fighting back. What is the asset banks are so worried their counterparties have on their balance sheets that they need a Fed repo operation? Couldn't be stuff like a $500m personal loan to a startup CEO, secured by said CEOs stock in a private company that has negative cash flow and no real assets, which he also happens to control? Surely there is no reason to doubt the quality of collateral like that. But more seriously, legit question is what do the banks know about each other that the financial press hasn't reported yet? Personally I think the Fed is keeping interest rates down to defuse a massive geopolitical conflict that is closer to blowing than anyone realizes, but that doesn't explain why banks are worried about getting stiffed by each other. https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2019-09-19/neumann-s... It's orthogonal and I'd rather not clutter or derail one of the most interesting threads I've seen on HN, wrt these details of repo operations. I'm still of the mind that liquidity in effect means, "no buyers or participants," because banks have doubt about the stability of their counterparties - with the possibility that liquidity just isn't available at a suppressed interest rate. Even though the Fed rate and the overnight rate are different beasts, I'm asking by assertion whether the Fed rate is affecting the overnight rate, which is causing the liquidity problem because of the underlying idea banks are worried about what's on their counterparties balance sheets and they aren't compensated for it in the overnight rate. I shouldn't have included the startup joke, as I think that clouded it. I'm suggesting the liquidity problem is an unexpected knock on effect of the fed rate suppression due to the geo issue that forced their hand on low rates. The geo issue I was thinking of has been deferred for the moment, but for this discussion, the real question is whether there is a domestic issue where the banks are worried about each others stability. If competent people are sure it's just Q3 taxes and an artifact of the business cycle, this thread is still really valuable. To say it's a play by Mnuchin to kick start another round of QE would be consistent with the geo issue, but we're well into wagging the dog conspiracy stuff at that point. These trends are set in contrast to times when fraternal organizations provided a kind of social fabric that isn't the norm now. For men who are recognizing that social isolation is a long term risk in their lives and want to do something about it, I heartily recommend looking into these organizations. They're a mixed bag, like anything, but a bunch of guys who can hold anything together for decades should make anyone's list of options to investigate. To clarify, I also know a few gay men in lodges, sexuality isn't an issue there. Being recognized as a good guy by a bunch of other guys is no small feat. Someone who is trustworthy, kind, fair minded, honest, with only moderate conceits, good natured, charitable, and magnanimous is rare to begin with. I think if someone has these qualities, there is very, very little that will stand in their way. These scams work because once you have made a reservation online, and have likely made other plans that depend on it, the service is now more valuable than what you agreed to pay for it. Thing is, nobody has agreed to anything yet, so you have just signalled your willingness to commit to that anchor price when you show up, now at a disadvantage because you have no other plan or way to get to a competitor, and they can pile stuff on until your complaining causes them opportunity cost against screwing other people. Making a decision takes effort and energy, meaning once you have done it, you have less if it to argue. Pretty much every online price for holiday or services I have seen has a %33 markup of "fees," "insurance," "deposits," above the sticker price. When someone renegs on a deal or tries to add "what about this one last thing," once you've committed, leave. The GPL was always a virus, but it appears it could mutate and metastasize under new governance. Sort of puts whomever replaces him and their backers under suspicion. Who benefits? Edit: to be clear, the GPL was designed to be viral. Just means you are responsible for deploying more liquid capital into productive assets. Have fun finding those. If you are creative and a builder, the people who made you what you are were the ones who told you "no," and now there are a lot fewer of those once they think you have money. Barring a few quality of life things and some freedom, the rest is just symbols and artifacts. That bit about finding a woman who will love him for who he is inside and not for his money is silly. In case he hasn't noticed, who he is inside is also now richer than croesus as well. Very simply, the money event was a huge recent peak experience that totally re-based his identity, and until he either recognizes it again as external, or accumulates newer more intense experiences to offset it, he's going to struggle with accepting it and finding a personal equilibrium again. If he wants a partner to validate that he is more than his money, he's starting from a dangerously flawed premise. If he takes responsibility for himself and his identity and doesn't outsource his self worth to a partner/family, he'll be fine. Otherwise, he should just put up a dating profile that says, "millionaire seeks emotional hostage for codependent death spiral." I'm a fan of Epictetus on that one, who essentially rephrases it so that things are not yours, they are things you relate to. e.g. the family I have, support, love etc, instead of "my family." It's not "my money," because it's not essential to who he is, it's "the money I have." I'd say if he's looking for someone to complete and validate his essential idea of himself "without the money," he doesn't have a sufficiently complete sense of self yet to share. He'll probably be cooler after 40. Anyway, good luck to anyone who ends up in this situation. It's rare and a huge distraction from more basic human needs that might have still needed work before the event. I like to think I would make a very good rich person, but mostly because it sounds like an interesting job. Re: Marquez, if he is merely a poor man with money, why, given the options, should someone want a man who identifies as poor, and still again in spite of having money? Further, why make the long bet on a guy who got what he wanted and is still unhappy. The "gold digging," accusation seems like sour grapes to me. If you are newly wealthy but are preoccupied with ideas like this, get thee to a wealth manager who will tie up your money, either in a trust and a directed giving fund, or a some hedge funds with a lock in period, or get you participation in VC funds with people whose judgment you respect. Seriously, what really smart thing were you planning on doing with it? If you didn't have a plan, let me introduce you to some yacht brokers, because so long as the boat costs you less than half your net worth, I assure you it's a better financial plan than finding true love. So, it was a joke, however I think it was Jane Austen who said something along the lines of, "It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a super yacht, must be in want of a wife..” which I'm totally sure is true. Appreciated. I've got a book simmering on the back burner and that's where some of these ideas have more form, but the statements were precise. There are a few cognitive hacks that (like your very good "being, doing, having") that make more sense in the context of conversations like this. If I finish the book, I'll do a Show HN post. E2E encryption doesn't need an argument for it, it has specific, valuable and demonstrated uses, and I reject the premise of the question that the technical and business use cases for it need an accompanying rhetorical justification. The people asking for the arguments are not people who can be persuaded by argument, they are looking for ways to drive another agenda. It's disingenuous and not a matter of reason. To respond to the question itself, let's start with what we actually do. We make the stuff people actually want, and thanks to abuses by authorities around the world, today they want privacy and trustworthy tools. We build things that facilitate growth and massive improvements in quality of life for literally billions of people around the world. That growth comes from building the things they both want and trust, and use each day to improve the quality of their own lives and of their families. I would encourage governments to get better at offering the same things. The extreme cases cited in the OP are abused by people with agendas to use them as levers to assert their narrow interests, and not because they want to solve those particular problems. Parading victims of abuse and violence to bolster a narrow surveillance agenda is the rhetorical equivalent of using human shields. Hardly anyone is actually stupid, and everyone sees it. Further, why would you ask technologists to presume good, altruistic and aligned intentions in governments who want to conduct surveillance, yet not among ourselves and our users of encryption services? We can't make that altruism generalization about our own governments, let alone ones in other markets. I would reject this particular premise in being asked to make an argument "for," as well. The question, "I need you to justify your view to me, and with it, these objectively terrible things" is disingenuous. The short answer is technologists do not have the solutions to niche social and political problems any more so than anyone else. Terrorism, abuse, and porn exist independently of tech. The "arguments," against E2E encryption are made by people who don't have responsibility for the outcomes of their efforts, and are using these threats to deflect that and make others responsible for them. If we all gave up E2E encryption, the value people entrust to networks would be reduced to where it would derail and destroy the economic growth trajectory which that trust facilitates to improve peoples lives. The solution is not for tech to do less of what people demonstrably want and willingly pay for, it's for governments to be smarter about their own roles and responsibilities. If you want to solve the problems of abuse and terrorism directly, there are a ton of solutions that don't involve destroying the trust people have in each other that has improved our collective quality of life immeasurably in the last 30 years. My impression is these people aren't hypothesis driven. The smart money seems to look at things and say, "I think the world is going to need disintermediation, curation and retribalization, and leapfrog technologies for emerging markets. You either sustain an existing customers business model or you disrupt it, and our business is providing air cover to the latter, and using the former as a hedging instrument." It's a technology macro view. Dumb money says, "we provide growth capital for key technologies that support national sector x, y, z." Straight micro mandate. From my armchair, I'd assert the difference is smart and dumb money can practically be defined by those with a hypothesis vs. those with a mandate. A state fund could be smart money, but they would need a lot of freedom to do it - or find funds/funds-of-funds that had the freedom for them, which is what pensions do today. I wonder whether most governments could handle the political risk of the losses from a real VC fund, because the losses just look like slush funds for connected managers. Not to dump on them, I think some sovereign wealth funds and even treasuries could benefit from being run more like aggressive pension funds, but the trouble with government is there is no way to clear off the project barnacles that attach to anything with momentum. Maybe they will do it differently. It would be interesting to run the numbers on a jubilee for certain kinds of debt. I realize monetary policy of inflation is in-effect a debt jubilee, as it was applied to the boomer generation in the 70s and 80s. Since diminishingly few people keep their savings in cash (instead of putting into homes, durable goods, index funds, etc), inflating away debt seems like an inevitable policy outcome. In the US, if the democrats don't do it next term with MMT, the republicans will do it with negative interest rates. It's not just a partisan issue, and it seems like there is no alternative. The main problem is that without supporting the bottom end with a minimum wage increase to match inflation, it will just be a middle class debt bailout, and the precariat will remain as screwed as they always were. Approaching this by funding a minimum income with a new VAT doesn't improve the their situation since it just subsidizes exploitation by subsidizing disadvantaged wage levels. The horror is that it's going to come down to less of what's right, and more of finding people to screw who are less likely to vote. It's a grisly business. These Capital One people were just following orders, as the saying goes, but unsecured debt is a form of slavery. Not sure how long people will accept incremental quality-of-life improvements in slavery, but at least now we have entertainment, software, and high speed pizza delivery. Suddenly, those land parcels in New Zealand are looking more appealing. >Some disagreements can't be resolved other than through power struggles, such as e.g. when one side's position implies the negation of the other side's rights, identity or existence. We can't have a rational, dispassionate debate about whether I should have rights. I can't argue for my existence, I want it. This statement is an example of one that could be seen as insidious as a scissor. The idea of the scissor is really interesting, as there are ideas I think people are easily seduced by, which produces these kind of statements. In my house, where politics was dinner discussion from as soon as we could all talk, we have a way to recognize when the discussion switches from comparing interests and experiences, to artifacts of personal experience that are not mutually reconcilable, and that the only remaining interesting topic is how to navigate alien experiences. It's not always smooth, but it mitigates feuding and using politics as a proxy in relationships with precedents that were set when we were all children. Of course, for this to even be possible, you need to believe in something greater than your own experience, and have what people now call an "internal locus of control," which is itself a high bar, but we've managed. Outside climatologists, geophysicists, biologists and other people with scientific training, I am not sure most people are really equipped to argue against evidence of human impact on the climate, or that human activity is a non-factor in change. However, I do think that the policies countries and even municipalities institute in response to the evidence are fair game. Wild lands conservation, green belts on cities, reducing suburban blight and car dependency, not importing garbage, and using tariffs to reduce dependency on globalized supply chains are viable policy options, but ones that are unpopular with many of the very people who use climate change as a motte for global equity, justice, and economic central planning. The people I know who dismiss climate activism and its acknowledgement don't disagree with the science. They resent people who use climate change as a proxy for another agenda that is unrelated and inconsistent with the needs of reducing human impact on the planet (beyond reducing birth rates in wealthy countries). These activists, whose insistence that everything is connected and systemic, are not interested in solving problems, rather they use this conflation of all things to muddy the waters and place themselves at the centre of it, conveniently gate keeping what policy options are acceptable to talk about. Climate changes, it's a fact, and humans are impacting it, that is not seriously controversial. What is controversial is freighting the solutions with a destructive, class war agenda designed to leverage a crisis, spread poverty, and centralize governance. There is probably more middle ground. Many people read problematic, and just hear counter-revolutionary. If we agree on reducing carbon emissions, and using policy tools to do it, there are a lot of solutions that don't require trusting that a carbon tax will be used for anything but general revenue. Without limits on what the money is used for, it's the same as a progressive VAT/consumption tax, which isn't a necessarily terrible idea if it replaced the current VATs, income and other burdens, but when it's just another largess fund for connected believers, it's a nonconstructive shibboleth for an identity politics agenda. Someone wrote here the other day on Scissor ideas that some differences of opinion can only be reconciled through power, and it's a seductive idea, but we all know what the alternative to discourse looks like, so I think it's more valuable to support ideas that contribute to preserving it as the means for reconciliation. We would be getting into the weeds of it, but it's just redistributive, with all the moral hazard associated with that, and without applying it to direct investment in a carbon sink technology that mitigates the problem. There are values that just don't scale well without trade offs against things like human dignity (loaded, but important), and applying the sentiments behind equity to vastly heterogeneous global interests is one of them. While I (and my more reactionary and working class friends) understand that carbon taxes presumably compensate The People for the consequences of what was formerly an environmental externality - the use of climate as just a pretext for redistribution signals what gets perceived as an underlying dishonesty and illegitimate elitism that makes it difficult to legitimize the rationale, or outcomes. For example, basic income funded by indirect taxation is an interesting solution to a specific set of problems around technology and globalization, but it requires a level of trust that has been damaged by freighting climate with these other agendas. Still doable, but to honestly discuss the options requires frank talk about limits and boundaries to its application. I've got opinions like anyone and I'm not always entirely above point scoring either, so it's going to take real work for people to do it. Having read things like Jonathan Haidt's The Righteous Mind, and watching Scott Alexander's influence, the question of what the fundamental irreconcilable difference of interest may be is the most pressing question. How do we reconcile interests and coexist with people whose most basic beliefs we experience as alien? Some would just say, "win," even independent of political persuasion, but I'd argue there is immensely valuable work to be done to find ways to do better. So short version, returning carbon tax money to the general populace means general revenue, for general spending, which is not something conservatives tend to trust. The clause about voting rights of shares not transferring to an ex-spouse in a VC agreement is pragmatic. Money and share value you can manage and negotiate equivalent value, but a material change in control is way more complex. Marriage is incidental to that, and there isn't much of a future for it outside religious societies anyway. The good news is the trend creates lots of opportunities for luxury products and consumption as the millennial generation ages out of prime child raising age and finds the hole in their lives money just can't fill, but that won't stop them from trying. If you have ideas for what these people will want in 2025-2030, might as well start your financial plan now. Whether it's money or share votes, plan to maintain control. Someone sent me an invite to HI5 and I assumed it was a way to pointedly tell people they should get an updated STD test, given many people called HIV "high-five" at the time. Didn't want to confirm any personal information, and tested clear anyway, so never responded. It was a social network? I learned security from t-files, 8lgm, phrack, and bugtraq. The people who taught me learned it from mentorship. The only meaningful progress in security is by people who work against it. It's a craft subculture, and the real value of it is in securing the freedom of people to not be subjects of platforms. YouTube is lame for doing this, but it's a net positive for innovation. Let them have their walled suburb. Innovation happens at the edges, and the social-sphere had made people lazy. The bar for entry to being a hacker is so low, it's the equivalent to governments setting up programs to train people to play punk music. Tech giants have become like baby boomers who still think they are rebels. I look forward to a new generation of kids who will spit upon their hands, hoist the black flag and make hacking dangerous again. Indeed, I don't understand why anyone thinks they need freedom anymore, we've practically won. There's nothing left to have freedom from, other than the remaining vestiges of hatred we must always be fighting. There can be no freedom from justice and accountability. Obviously, these people are using freedom to mean something other than what society already provides, as if their interests were somehow more legitimate, or they were trying to preserve the seeds of hatred that we've finally made progress against. We live in a society and an international system of co-ordination, while not perfect - it is against terror and hate, and so only hate groups and other terrorists could want to limit its reach or find alternatives. /s I could go on, but that's about where we are. Great summary. The user's threat model could be more succinct and address the question of what the end user is really protecting, and from whom. Then the features of the different protocols would be mitigations to that risk. I've got a horse in the race, but I might use it as an example input for the method in this post: https://www.qtra.io/simpletm Short version would be, wants to protect the of the from: who who who etc. We need the who, why, and what, before the how. Excellent summary all around though. Seems tendentious to secularize Bach. There's something to be said for deistic awe for creating great art. If you were just getting interested, here are some contemporary performances: BWV 1006 by Nigel Kennedy: https://youtu.be/nWx4pIe7FoE?t=179 BWV 988 (goldberg variations) Glenn Gould https://youtu.be/p4yAB37wG5s?t=169 from BWV 816, Gigue, Andreas Schiff: https://youtu.be/f_U0lm6HZMk?t=777 Article doesn't mention who the FATF is, what makes them or their assessments legitimate, or who is using the FATF to apply leverage against Iceland, and why. It would be funny if in 100 years we looked back on the cause of so much conflict in the world and found it reduced to the proliferation and tyranny of the passive voice. Ah wait, make that 75 years. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Politics_and_the_English_Langu... Stepping back a bit, I worked on productizing ML and found a basic principle that causes consternation. The metric is not the ROC curve, the metric is the overall value the algorithm generates in aggregate, based on the unique business situation as a function of risk. When you look at a trading bot, it is not evaluated on its predictions of market moves, but on how much money it makes - a higher order effect of using the method over time vs. others. You have to look at the symmetry (or distribution) of risk in the problem it's being applied to. (famously described in a ROC vs. Indifference curves blog post) In the case of cancer detection, ML is immensely valuable in alerting people who might not otherwise have been tested, but terrible as a diagnostic tool when it is substituted for human judgment. Not because it is inaccurate, but because the consequences of it being wrong are fatal to the patient, where the benefits of it being right are life saving. You need to have a problem with asymmetric upside to benefit from ML. That is, the downside to using it can't be serious, because the machine cannot hold risk or accountability, and no sane organization would expose themselves to catastrophic liability for a probabilistic algorithm being wrong. This view pisses off managers, executives and investors because most of the ML products out there hide their downside. Luckily, most customers are smart enough to recognize this - which is why AI companies are having such trouble finding PMF. Self driving cars are another example of a problem with a catastrophic failure mode. You could argue that if we made self driving cars as safe as flying, that would be acceptable. Except the net benefit/upside of a self driving car is not sufficient to justify the downside of its failure mode. Self-flying vehicles will be more acceptable much sooner than cars because most people don't fly. The upside benefit anchors people to a higher degree of risk appetite than for something they already do. If I were in the self driving car business, I'd switch to the self flying car business for that reason. From a management perspective, AI/ML does not produce something you can manage. It's not like there are rational levers and incentives you can adjust to achieve outcomes. It's a curve, you tweak weights and try to keep it producing aggregate net benefit. If you are not directly engaged in that process, it's a lottery with outcomes distributed along its a ROC curve. In many ways, it is a substitute for management. AI/ML is useful for marginal fraud detection, policing of various kinds, and other relationships where you are in a position of power over a distribution of outcomes. It is not something you can be honestly served by. This is an unpopular view because it bursts the AI/ML bubble, where it has been an excellent source of greater fools for investment, but if you have money in the space, the question to ask is, does the problem this company is solving provide a net benefit that compensates the subjects to this system for its failure mode? Not how low can you get the MTBF FP/FN rate, that's the hustle. The real question is whether a given individual user or subject of this system can afford the cost of it being wrong. If you don't have that answer, metrics are useless. The crux of my argument is that if self driving cars were safer than human driven ones, their adoption would still be thinner than expected because why would I accept potential fatality and give up my agency to a machine for something I can already do fine myself? (even if just perceived). You'd have to convince people they were terrible drivers and that driving was super dangerous to get most people to put their kid in a self driving taxi in traffic. I'd agree there is a cultural change effect in play, as cars were farcically unsafe (and yet still 1000x safer than horses) for the first 60 years of their use, but the business model where people switch to self-driving is optimistic. That isolated individual decision making will be the thing that scales. It's a question of perception of risk/reward, which is very different from statistical risk modelling. The AI/ML will be great, the products? Whole different class of problem. I use ontologies like https://webprotege.stanford.edu Fewer descriptive words, more structure. A company ontology has three top level categories: Parties(internal, external), Metrics(Platform, SaaS), and CompanyStructure which has links to things like cap table, incorporation artifacts, org chart, accounts, etc. The metrics piece is useful because it provides north star metrics for a SaaS business, and then performance ones for the Platform itself. All features roll up into these, and then their git codebases are linked from there. If your features don't drive your metrics, you're just in the custom dev business. I use it personally, but it's a bit dominating to have an umbrella framework that encapsulates what people think is their special contribution. I don't know if american journalists seriously need opsec anymore, as nobody in the legit press is writing anything that could threaten the institutions they'd need to protect themselves from. Anyone doing anything dangerous today isn't going to depend on the protection of their newspaper. The only people with skin in the game are actual activists, short selling hedge funds, and maybe some edgy podcasters. There is this odd dynamic where if you need the additional legitimacy of an old media organization to get your story out, there must be something fishy about it. Like it's a palace gossip leak, and nothing with real consequence or risk. If your story is really worth your safety, there is the much greater risk that editors will spike it, the way they did with pretty much every major whistle blower story of the last decade. Hollywood was protected for years, intelligence leaks were regularly spiked, and often journalists themselves were complicit actors in the official retaliations. I'm sure the NYT will still have a security role of some sort, but the idea that it could actually equip reporters at a corporate level with the tools to do the kind of opsec you need to facilitate stories at the level of the Intercept, Wikileaks, and other insurgent media seems unlikely. My response to the OP about eliminating this director of security role was in regard to the need of a newspaper for that senior security role. The stories in this page of listed Pulitzer Prizes would not necessitate the level of operational security that a few independent journalists require and use every day. The NYTimes still does journalism, and still has an important role, but the need for such a direct cybersecurity role seemed diminished (and management seemed to agree) - and would probably get in the way of less sensitive work if you had to put everything past them. To some others in this thread, "troll," seems to have come to just mean a provocative outsider view. What most journalists do does not require a higher degree security to achieve it, so yes, that is disappointing. It's difficult to imagine a world before the internet, or even cell phones if you didn't experience it directly. There was distance, and there was "elsewhere." In 1986, the way you found people who shared your worldview if you were outside a narrow middle class mainstream was through music, or technology. When you listen to bands from the period and before, especially anything on the alternative vein, they were trying to create signals to find people like them. The distance allowed for a counter-culture, where the lack of distance today means a counter-culture is too dangerous to tolerate. If you had an IQ above a standard deviation, you were probably pretty alienated, and so you used taste in art, tech, and culture to find others like you. This manifesto was 3 years before before Nine Inch Nails' Pretty Hate Machine. Ministry had just released "Twitch," into a pop culture dominated by hair metal, in a society where technology still meant muscle cars and mullets. Punk was truly dead, and the affects of new romantics and the me generation and yuppies were at peak decadence. The Hacker Manifesto is an artifact of its time. I'm rather glad it sticks out, and that it can't be co-opted by our modern and enlightened hegemon. Sure, it's got more of a cringe factor now, but it represents something that was true then, and has remained so today: competence will always be a threat to complicity. There remain people who make, discover, derive, and invent, and they will necessarily disrupt. They are the only true progress. Manifestos rarely age well, but the courage they inspire and the work that results tends to set the trajectory of history. I read this manifesto in 1993 and for better or worse, I can say I accomplished some things as a result. Between the hash of the canvas fingerprint, and the hash of the webgl fingerprint, unique identification seems inescapable. The reason I don't run additional plugins is because (at least conceptually) the plugin presence itself would be identifying. Given you only need a few relatively low entropy data points (or one or more highly diverse ones) for a huge likelihood of linking a given browser between sites, identifying the presence of any identifiable plugins at all should be sufficient with another factor to ID someone. If I were running 3rd party javascript in multiple places, I could build a pretty unique personal profile of someone. If I were looking for technical people using Tor, even moreso. I'm not in ad tech, so am naive to this. The biggest myth on the internet is that nobody actually cares enough to watch what you in particular are doing, when in fact, this changes from nothing to almost total prediction of consumer and political behaviour as soon as someone at a platform company becomes interested. The quote, "using statistics like a drunk uses a lamppost, for support and not for illumination" comes to mind. Data is great for illuminating things, but for arguments, it's usually cherry picked. I do think that writers for the guardian vastly underestimate the intelligence of people who don't agree with them. I generally mistrust statistical arguments because someone forearmed with statistical talking points has usually already signalled their intransigence. Data is nice, but alignment of interests and incentives is better. It reduces to, "according to criteria and data I have selected, your argument does not bear out." It is a passive appeal to the authority of whoever provided the number, and not meaningful or logical information in itself. Logical arguments tend not to persuade anyway, but to say someones argument is illogical because it does not resist a coded illogical premise (appeal to authority fallacy), is certainly a way to make them give up on arguing with you. It raises the interesting question: how do other employees of platform companies protect their own privacy to prevent being put on a list after a political conflict of some sort? When you work in security, this kind of thing is always a distant blip on the radar, but it's there. I know when I did work for a platform company, I didn't trust the internal controls or quality of people enough to keep their app on my devices. I was also sure there were people with access to user data who could not be depended upon to be noble. These aren't faceless government agencies monitoring you, when it's someone doing a favour or using it to support some cause, it's people you know. "Cognitive non-repetitive," work as described is basically political work. I've heard it referred to lately as "durable skills." Soft skills are useful tools like others, but the elevation of them above competent work makes for soft ideas. In the article, the examples of CNR work included "computer scientists," with lawyers, doctors, and managers - all jobs that computer scientists are rapidly augmenting, if not replacing with machine learning. So called CNR work isn't intrinsically valuable. It's artificially gated and the market for them is distorted because of regulatory capture. Tech is changing that. However, I also think the availability of information on the internet has reduced the status of formerly elite schools to mere managerialist tribes. The schools offered networks and information, and those can't compete with social media. They're still politically influential, but the culture is leaving them behind and they're rapidly becoming just another faction. So, my bias is that the article is about some self-interested critical nonsense advocating a political agenda that won't have cultural traction. I look forward to arguing that point from my farm. By motivated, do you mean working for less than I was worth, or perhaps a time when I added more value than I was paid for? When I couldn’t accurately value my options in my total comp, I realized that was the point. The only time I have been motivated was when I was on or working with a great team. The very best were indie consultants who were all paid consultant dollars. The next was doing startup consulting to prove a concept. Equity that isn’t measured in a percentage of the company with transparency on prefs is at best, %99.9 of the time just a tax liability. It’s negative compensation. Ask yourself, is what you do so magical that someone would give up partial control of their company for you to perform it? If you are not a cofounder, not an investor, not the key customer rainmaker what do you do? More so, if they don’t have the money to pay you, consider the long tail of clowns who do get funding , then why there isn’t money or why aren’t you worth it. Most people take options because they are just happy to get the job and it makes spousal conversations easier. This latter reason I suspect is the most valuable one of all. The principle itself is odd. It’s not clear how freedom to speak does not also cover that of association, and in turn, militating against the freedom of others. The threat of ostracization is essentially blackmail, and while not necessarily violent, there isn’t really a more succinct description. The right to blackmail probably wasn’t intended, but that’s what unpopular views are subject to today. It just didn’t scale before social media. An association of municipalities that invested like a pension fund would be a very interesting vehicle. They could buy infrastructure, but their mandate would be for productive assets. Public energy utilities in Canada just got loaded with off balance sheet debt and used as a general revenue slush fund for “infrastructure,” and built by unions on double time and a half, but it would be harder to get away with that today. A municipal wealth fund like a sovereign wealth fund would be worth exploring. Random just means without reproducible information about inputs. There is nothing additionally equitable in deciding an outcome (more representation by favoured minority groups) and then calling the selection process “random.” Are airport screening selections random, or just opaque? What the author is in effect advocating is an opaque process whose outcome reflects some desirable criteria. Presumably if one disagrees, it is because of some modern heresy, and articles like these are really about identifying reactionaries and other counter-revolutionary types who will not sustain cognitive dissonance for the cause. What can I say, I am provoked. I can see how some people like the idea of legitimizing irreproducible results, but they don’t bear scrutiny and it’s no way to transfer power. I also don’t think it is reasonable to dismiss someone who writes for the walrus, whose piece was edited by someone there, as an innumerate and naive lightweight. An agenda seems much more plausible. > The difference is operate vs. build. This is so key. I do a lot of government consulting and one of the iceberg issues right now is how to reconcile devops, whose economics are designed to facilitate revenue growth, with fixed budget public service horizons of a decade or more. The whole public enterprise model was up front costs for expensive developers, then offload it to cheaper operations teams on shared production infrastructure for long haul. The unspoken implication of devops/CICD/cloud/agile, etc, is that you have developers available to roll out patches and features, which sends the long term cost of the service multiplying. Imagine retaining your development consultants and a product team past the 2-3 dev years through the 10+ years of production, with no revenue growth and more probably, budget cuts. The table in the article provides a good overview, with the caveat that defence is not normal public services in government. Even many bank architects aren't close enough to the code of their services to meaningfully reason about what's going on. Tech is necessarily the expression of economic relationship models, where if you don't have a grasp of them, implementing tech without a view to the economics is going to sink some ships. The 80/20 ratio is a huge thing, good call. Often, no service at all, or unusable crap service for everyone is politically preferable to leaving anyone out. That play of getting those %80 features into production and leaving the %20 people to fight it out afterwards as tech and feature debt is standard product management, but it takes extra finesse in govt. I have seen some great success stories. Seemingly simple things like QR codes for game tags, federated logins for citizens, online license and permit renewals, a city parking app, pothole reporting. This project is really interesting to me: https://www.open311.org/learn/ Wow, what a great post. The most interesting question for me is, if you are a company with VC money and they are on your board, does the age of the vintage of the fund the money came from impact the strategy of the company down to a product level? It looks like you could literally calculate/estimate the time left in the fund and see how much pressure it will put on the CEO to get positioned for an exit, then predict that impact on product, and the entire culture of the company. e.g. "we're an engineering driven company," vs. "the fund that gave us the money has 2-3 years left in it, which means all our product decisions are based on getting positioned for a forced exit, so create tech debt and STFU." The use cases for anonymity will drive the tech. I'd argue there isn't a middle class use case for strong anonymity. There are tons of use cases for identity and privacy, but anonymity presumes you are being preyed upon somehow. You need antagonists, and most of those are government/institution related, but by defining yourself in opposition to them, you in-effect leave the middle class. E.g. cease to identify as someone those institutions ostensibly serve, and identify instead as one of those they target. To value strong anonymity, you need to be part of either an underclass group, or have enough wealth that it needs protection internationally, with a big gap for use cases in between. There are tons of criminal use cases for anonymity that facilitate the needs and desperation of people afflicted by poverty, but those are illegal precisely because the line between relieving and exploiting poverty is so grey. Lotteries are a great example, as are cash jobs, narco logistics, vice and sex trade, short term loans, gambling, escrow payments for irregular immigration. These are all things people do for either survival or relief where to facilitate them is exploitative. Arguable, but that's the mainstream view. On the upper end, moving collateral around to protect the "beneficial owner," of an asset like art or property just reduces to variations on tax and regulatory avoidance, or sometimes evasion. It's almost uniquely both high risk and boring. I don't see this fund producing anything interesting. Product managers for ML/AI products need to understand this post. That confusion matrix is something I have failed to get traction for in the past, but I'd say all market fit will be measured based on the customer's valuation of that matrix vs. the profile of it your product delivers. It doesn't matter what field you are in, this is the metrics framework for every analysis product out there, imo. e.g. a customer has an expectation of tp/fp tn/fn rates that is valuable for themselves, and your given tech has hard limits on the trade offs between them. The real secret is that the values of the confusion matrix do not apply to whole or most of a customer vertical, but rather to individual customers with similar matrix values across verticals. I think you can predict when a ML/AI product company will fail because they think they can apply their product to the vertical of their first few customers, making the false assumption that their confusion matrix applies all the way up that vertical - instead of hunting customers with the same matrix values in other verticals. Poetry presupposes that insight is important and I don't think this value has survived the internet. It's generational. Summing up something complex in a pithy statement cuts off discussion, and with it, the narcissistic supply that people call empathy these days. Auden was a fey sentimentalist, and of poets whose work is relevant today, the other ones mentioned in the article (Larkin, Frost, and I'd add, Blake) should be the first stop. The topic is covered more rigorously in the book, "Yuck! The Nature and Moral Significance of Disgust" ( https://mitpress.mit.edu/books/yuck ) When you look at the policing of discourse, you can see cringe as exploiting the much deeper sentiment of disgust, where there is a bunch of prior art discussing it. That one could attribute %62 of alcohol related collisions (and their associated injuries and fatalities) to the price fixing by cab licensing bodies is very interesting indeed. Taxi companies and driver unions insist they provide safety and reliability. Appears there was an externality they need to account for. Likely a distinct lack of crossover between HN readers and the Land Rover Defender crowd that Bollinger looks like they are targeting. The main use case is for a ranch or large farm property. Probably great for the Caribbean as well. Would buy a Bollinger over a defender in a minute because it's a 30 year+ farm vehicle. Was really excited to read about them. Could see people balking at the $125k price tag, but at that price point there is already a mass market for dated german sedans and artifacts of imagined british nostalgia supported by a hackneyed movie franchise. Something useful and durable would be a relief. Figure you will be able to swap in new battery tech in 10 years. The price point is mainly about aesthetics and ideas, so the practical argument is mainly self justification for me. Personally, I'd imagine powering a Bollinger from a power wall and generator connected to a biogas digester that runs off the muck pile of a small horse or dairy farm. Excellent paper. Given how much muck a 5-10 horse barn generates (which self heats with animal body heat) and the daily periodic loading of the digester would enable continuous low level of electricity generation, which makes the problem electricity storage, not generation. (assuming passive solar and geothermal + modern wood stove heated house, with option for propane backup) It's a question of what we're optimizing for. To me the priorities would be, animal waste/muck reuse, power outage risk, then with normal conditions handled by a grid hookup, which is mandatory for code in many jurisdictions anyway. I figured a powerwall would operate as an electricity storage scheme to use for either household or Bollinger truck use. The cutover from powering one to the other is nothing an Arduino and some relays and other cots equipment couldn't handle. Fun to solution this. If you have the liquid capital to build a new passive solar and geothermal house on land, $125k for a vehicle is about par for the course anyway. The "spaceness," of the business needs definition. Maybe you build drones to defend asteroid mining claims and equipment, stealth communications for space prospecting, cryptographically sovereign networks for space supply chains, low gravity weapons and anti-piracy defences, solar sails, a navigation scheme and commercial beacon network, etc. The nearest term use case for commercial space tech is going to be regulatory arbitrage, so if you can deliver content and secure a physical space jurisdiction for a legal system, it will be the new off shore. Infrastructure doesn't cover it. Without a way to defend it, there will be no investment, so crypto and directed energy defences. Payments, identity, etc. Same as earth. Memorization is valuable for learning music and speaking performances. You can't add style and flourish to something you don't know. I'd argue you can't reason about things effectively without knowing them "by heart," either. I do partially agree with another commenter here on Foucalt's quote about universities and education being the tools of one class levered against another, insomuch as you can apply that power relationship to literally anything, not because it's rigorous or meaningful, but because it is sufficiently abstract. Similar to comments I've made here about how "graph based," solutions to certain problems are not new solutions, as anything you can express (encode) as objects and morphisms is going to have "graph," properties. Foucalt and other post-modern (Marcuse, Derrida, etc.) writers simply characterized that simple encoding in a moralistic power oppressor/victim narrative instead of a logical one. The public curriculum is the bare minimum, and parents and family provide the enrichment to basic education. The outcomes are going to be unequally distributed, but at least a public curriculum raises the boats. To +1 one this: Having spent a great deal of time consulting to government, in addition to working in media, but with a deep background in tech, the managerial class of people making policy have a revolving door to the universities, which are seized by faddish ideas as often as the elected representatives. Many of these policy people actually come to hate technologists because they find their more chauvinistic plans are thwarted by the privacy and security people who are at the table because of competence that can't be ignored, and not elite credentials. As a result, the managerialists double down on what makes them different from techs, which means being extra airy, vague, political, and what most working people interpret as untrustworthy. It's practically a shibboleth, as if to say they don't need to seem honest because they are powerful. I don't think this managerial class is as necessary as people who are a part of it think. The class disconnect is more pronounced in recent years because of the stark differences in physical competence and the precarious status of people who imagine themselves as "elite." What they deride as populism is much more complex than they perceive. Working people expect their elites to at least be somewhat noble, and when they aren't, history is the story we tell about what happens to them. There is a capability for abstraction we overlook. Forget for a moment about what we might think about people who succeed in business, and look critically at the ones who fail. People who fail in business are the ones who want friends, honour, fame, validation, sympathy, justice, social good, and esteem. They personalize failures against these needs and stop dealing with the higher level abstraction of the success of the venture. The ones who succeed want something else, either because they already have or self-fulfill those other things, or just don't care. We can moralize and say it's the latter, but it's more often the former. It's easier when an institution has given you the conceit that you are not morally accountable to the uninitiated or uneducated. The thing about class is that barring crime, there is no downside to betraying someone who isn't a part of your tribe, which is usually from a school. If you believe people get what they deserve, they call that the "just world fallacy," for a reason. It's a noble lie. If it weren't, you'd see more nurses and veterans in business class seats. Anyway, long topic, but in spite of my opinions, I think it is difficult to accurately criticize management and class without the perspective of an elite education, as (perhaps horrifically) what can instruments know of their players? Start with the question, what are we educating them to become? I'm more on the side of recognizing daily problems in terms of general information theory concepts. Sorting, Bayesian probabilities, graphs, abstraction, iteration and recursion, data visualization examples and techniques, logical reasoning (conditionals, contrapositive case, LSAT level stuff), privacy & security, and then maybe to write some basic functional programs to solve real world problems using a social network graph. Love how they frame it as WWI trench battles. Have said this before, but healthcare is the Afghanistan of tech. It's the graveyard of empires, where giant or well capitalized companies go in thinking they can solve and conquer it, then leave a decade later having made no progress, wondering what happened. Have fun storming the castle! The basic problem to solve in healthcare is identity for physicians, patients, circle of care, and all the service providers in between. Privacy is the effect of that. The reason it's important is that dis-intermediation is only possible when you solve this problem. Every other solution is sustaining the business models of ensconced players, which just perpetuates how broken the system is, which is what makes it look like the graveyard of empires. Arms dealers do fantastically well in Afghanistan too. The unicorn technology solution would mean real improvements in service levels, costs, and outcomes for patients. A platform disintermediates (or reintermediates) a business. There is still no Walmart, Costco, Amazon, AirBnB, or Uber for healthcare. The players are protected and in effect collecting political rents. The U.S. healthcare system does not resemble any other system in the world because it's an anomaly of perverse incentives and protectionism. It's unreasonable to ask any serious person to provide a moral defence of it, but in terms of investments, there are no sustainable multi-billion dollar startups that support the status quo because the status quo is an artifact of legislative market distortions. There is no growth in the current system. Unless you fundamentally break it, the upside isn't interesting. Sort of consistent with the idea that U.S. public high schools prepare students for prison. Why respect authorities or society at all when it's arbitrary like that. It teaches learned helplessness and corruption and creates crappy people. Public schools don't have money, and when they get it, they spend it on this? Private schools and homeschooling programs seem to have a bright future. Criticisms of groupthink and other anti-patterns are funny to me because they presume that if people only had access to these valuable insights they would change. Organizational anti-patterns are rarely broken, they work for someone, and someone's salary depends on sustaining that dissonance. The work in large organizations is to achieve outcomes within the broken and inconsistent rules of their internal logic, so as to preserve the integrity of them, and not the outcomes themselves. The essence of being a geek, nerd, or technologist is to focus on the outcomes and problem solving to achieve them, whereas the essence of being typical is to be a working part of the system to sustain it, independent of it's outcomes. Warren Buffett said, "I try to invest in businesses that are so wonderful that an idiot can run them. Because sooner or later, one will." To me, the point of a startup is to defect from these dissonance machines and create something people actually want. Viewed this way, a startup is not a business. It's like an anti-business that gets absorbed by a business and releases stored potential revenue in the collision. Groupthink might be more of a sign than a problem. It's possible that it is a sign of the growth stage of a business and whether it's ready to absorb something, or just be hollowed out in some long term private equity cost optimization hell. Question is, do you want a book about the input factors to how people end up leading, or one on evaluating the output effects of other leaders against? Leadership is not an activity or an action you can mimic, it it is an effect . Most books are the stories people tell afterwards about how virtuous they were and they call that leadership. Jeffery Pfeffer says this specifically as well. Pfeffers books on management provide the insight into the dynamics leadership emerges from. His triad of, "performance, credentials, and relationships," that describe power in a situation also describe the necessary factors we look back on as leadership. https://www.amazon.ca/Power-Some-People-Have-Others/dp/00617... I like Jocko Willnick's whole attitude about ownership, respect, delegation, and working with people to leverage their skills to achieve outcomes. He says the hierarchy in the military isn't as much of a factor as how you relate to your team and the world, but I suspect Pfeffer would disagree in that its hierarchy and training culture provides the credential piece in his triad, where in business, that's more dynamic. There are lots of good books about leadership, but reading them without having read Pfeffer's "Power.." is exploring the territory without the map, imo. I did a visual version of this some years ago to reason about companies and products. https://www.qtra.io/hn-comment-bizmodels (pdf) The "Arbitrage" version isn't labelled properly, but it's basically taking money from a buyer in one market and buying from a seller in another market, then delivering the service back between markets. It's convoluted and reflects thinking from 5 years ago, but if a product/company doesn't make money one of these ways, it probably doesn't make money, and if it does, metrics are just a matter of scaling numbers in one of the nodes. updated, sorry, ridiculous mistake. that's correct, I changed the url to the original. undead, thank you. What a relief this article was to read. It articulated and confirmed so many things.