Really? You think? Gosh. If only this were /. & I could award you +1 for being so insightful. @OP: sad story. I am a little surprised, a little disappointed, and sad that it's only a little. It's a fair comment. Actually, I mostly use that blog as a place to post comments from online discussions elsewhere, often as much for my own later reference as anything else. I am taken aback to find that a friend has linked to it on HN and it's attracted so much discussion! If I had meant it to be widely-read, it would have been rather different and submitted for professional publication -- probably on the Register. The only point of yours that I'd disagree with is that I contradict myself inasmuch as Win10 is different from earlier versions. Yes, it is; but it is not _completely_ different. It retains many major UI elements, such as the taskbar, which function very much as they did before. There is something called a Start Menu again, but this works significantly differently from in earlier versions -- but then, it has been substantially reworked in previous revisions of Windows, as well. I don't generally use Windows much and have not done for many years. However, sometimes paid office jobs require me to, and I like to keep my hand in. As I'm used to launching apps with a search command in both OS X and Unity, I simply did so in Win8. I was not discommoded by the disappearance of the Start Menu. However, having one back again that's only superficially like the old one actually requires rather more adjustment, I have found. Win10 is quite similar to Win8.1 except that the Start Screen has been reframed as a menu, and the Charms bar has gone. Win8.1 was of course very similar to Win8. Win8 was different to Win7, but not massively; and so on. GNOME 3 is _very_ unlike GNOME 2. There is little commonality in the UI. I'd say GNOME 2 bore a closer resemblance to KDE, Xfce and LXDE than it does to GNOME 3. Of course, new versions of major Linux desktops have often prompted people to fork and continue the previous version. KDE 3 begat Trinity, GNOME Classic Mode begat Consort, and so on. Generally, these forks have languished -- remained obscure or died. The fact that GNOME 3 begot both Cinnamon and Maté, and that both of these have proved, relatively speaking, very popular and successful and seem to be in relatively rapid, active development speaks volumes, I think. Some years ago, I published an article about the factionation that GNOME 3 had caused: http://www.theregister.co.uk/Print/2013/06/03/thank_microsof... At that time, I saw it as a very negative thing: a loss of, er, unity. Now, I see it as more positive. GNOME 3 did re-enliven things and has brought us more diversity and innovation. Just possibly inadvertently. :-) Honestly, yes, I was unaware of that. But also being honest, I dislike hot-corner activation, which Unity also does. Screen edges are much bigger and easier to hit, as per Fitt's Law. That's fair enough. I set it to autohide on smaller screens, such as sub-14" notebooks. I do miss the old "dodge windows" config option, though -- that was very handy. A sort of auto-autohide that only triggered when you needed it. Thanks for that. JOOI, I was not notified of any such comment. I did get and unscreen a single comment, but it's a different (anonymous) one – visible there now. You should be able to sign-in to LJ to comment using any OpenID. In fact OpenID itself actually originated as an LJ-affiliated project by one of LJ's developers. I do learn to adapt to the provided UI on many devices and OSes /where I don't have a choice./ But on Linux, I do have a choice, so why should I spend the effort adapt to something that doesn't work the way I'm used to or in a way that I like, when I could just switch environments to something that I find more comfortable? When I worked at Red Hat, I switched from GNOME 3 to Xfce. Yes, it's old fashioned, but I can, with some effort, set it up to work much like Windows with a vertical taskbar – a layout I find convenient and flexible. As I said in the blogpost, on Windows I use a vertical taskbar on the left screen edge. On Mac OS X, I move the Dock there. On Unity, well, that's just where it is and it's hard to move, but I don't want to, so I'm fine with that. On GNOME 3, I get that too, but in a limited, rather inflexible and unhelpful, form. The primary question is: is there a benefit to me in switching and re-adapting to working in a system that's significantly unlike any of the others that I use? And the answer, _for me_, is no. I don't get enough reward to justify it, so I don't adapt - I switch to a desktop that works in something approximating the way I like. Although I've used Windows since v2.01 in 1989, I switched away from it at the turn of the century. Now, OS X and Unity give me a fairly consistent desktop. With tweaking, Windows and Xfce give something very broadly comparable. GNOME Shell is left as something of an odd-man-out. But that's just me. I am very happy to see its increasing polish and that it's winning people back. Aha! Now LJ is showing me 2 spam comments – but as I said, no notification. I've unscreened them. Sorry about that. My thinking is similar. Long ago, I outlined it on a mailing list as follows: I'd like to posit a progression of animal awareness. (In the full knowledge that there is no "tree" or "hierarchy" of evolution; the progression is merely a convenient way of presenting some data.) 1. Single-celled animals, such as amoebae and /Paramecium/. Many of these display simple taxic responses: they move towards light, away from heat, and towards or away from certain chemicals - they pursue concentration gradients. In other words, a single cell can display what could be called "voluntary" movement; it does not follow programmed paths but responds to its environment. You can watch a Paramecium in a microscope, swimming through a world of bits of plant and mineral matter in water. If they bumble into something, they recoil, and set off in another direction. If they catch a scent of something that might be food, they change direction and set off in pursuit of it. It's much like watching a much bigger animal, like a mouse, explore an unfamiliar environment. Surprisingly like. Similar behaviours can be observed in all sorts of small animals, like collembolans and nematodes. Small animals - even single-celled ones - interact with their environment, responding to stimuli in ways that are more than a simple, determinate pattern. They are not like a clockwork mouse or toy that always follows the same path. 2. If you put a woodlouse in a T-shaped maze - one junction, choice of left or right - and teach it that food and a damp place lie in one direction and bright light and dryness lie in another, you can teach an individual woodlouse to turn left or right consistently. In other words, a woodlouse has a memory. It can learn new behaviours. Woodlice have enough "brain" to at some level form a model of their surroundings. They can learn a very simple map. 3.Many small invertebrates form social colonies. In land-living ones, like ants and termites, animals leave a chemical trail as they move around, depositing markers indicating desirable discoveries. This is how an ant colony "finds" sugar in our kitchens, say. One randomly-exploring ant finds sugar, and retraces its steps home leaving a marker indicating that it's found food. Other ants follow the trail, reinforcing it, until a path is marked for the colony to move large amounts of food back to the nest. In other words, ants make and read signals for other ants. 4. Flying insects can't do this; there's no direct way to mark a trail in the air. So bees, as is well known, have evolved a form of symbolic communication: the "waggle dance". By dancing in a certain fashion, a worker can "tell" other workers the direction and distance to a food source. The dance indicates direction relative to the sun - bees can see the polarisation of light and thus see the sun even when it is covered by clouds - and distance, and it does so independent of the orientation of that bee while it is dancing relative to the sun. In other words, bees have symbolic communication. Their signals are not direct, one-to-one, follow this to the food; they are abstract and require interpretation. Obviously, this is innate, it is not learned behaviour, but individual insects learn the way to food and communicate this symbolically to other individuals. 5. Small mammals can be taught complex behaviours in the lab. Rats can be taught to press levers to obtain treats; mice can be taught to run mazes; "experiments" with wild squirrels have shown that the animals will perform an amazing array of actions to obtain a food reward. Many of these patterns of behaviour show that the animal is able to learn that unrelated actions can elicit a reward, showing some kind of understanding of cause and effect. 6. Non-mammalian vertebrates perform all sorts of ritualistic behaviour that is not directly related to finding food, a mate, predator avoidance and so on. Many birds have mating rituals; male bower birds construct huge and elaborate structures to tempt females into mating, which are presumably derived from nest-building behaviour, but actually the structures serve no purpose other than to be on some level "pleasing" to the females. Many migratory birds such as albatrosses and swans form long-term pairs which persist over years, sometimes lifelong. They can recognise their mate and when they rendezvous at breeding time indulge in long rituals which appear to stimulate and reinforce the pair bond. Obviously mate recognition does not involve some simple biochemical cue of kinship which might be used in a mother finding her offspring in a large, mobile breeding colony independent of environmental cues, such as penguins. Maybe penguins can "smell" or "taste" their own offspring by some form of genetic resemblance; I'm not aware of any research into this. However, even if they can, and don't somehow just learn what their offspring look or sound like, the same cannot apply to individuals recognising their mates, who are, by choice, usually not directly related. In other words, these birds "know" their non-related partners, can recognise them and distinguish them from strangers, and behave in entirely different manners around their partners to around other individuals. When encountering their partners for the first time after a protracted absence, they indulge in displays and other complex behaviours which are not directly survival-related. It is hard to watch such a pair being reunited without thinking that they "feel happy" to see one another. It is also a reasonably common experience to see one which is isolated and has lost its partner, witness its lack of animation, listless behaviour and so on, and the human reaction is to interpret this as the animal "feeling sad". 7. Anyone who has owned a pet dog has witnessed canine behaviour which at times closely mimics human responses: being hopeful, being excited, being sad, being afraid and so on. The null hypothesis here, it seems to me, is that the animal actually has these states of "mind", rather than that it is going through some completely different, separate, unrelated process which merely closely resembles human emotional states. To my surprise, as a fairly recent and reluctant cat owner, I have seen my cats exhibit what appears to resemble such complex reactions as a rapid survey of the surroundings to see if anyone witnessed an awkward fall. 8. Outside of the remit of pet animals in human company, though, mammals which live in social groups form a complex of often hierarchical relationships: dominant and submissive members of the group and so on. They perform patterned behaviours where different members have different roles; hunting animals such as female lions and wolves, for instance, cooperate, so that hunting parties contain scouts, flushers, chasers and so on. Many group predators display patterns of behaviour such as setting up ambushes. These roles are not fixed but are interchangeable between members of the pack. This demonstrates that the animals not only know of each others' existence, but of their relationships, since for instance in felines often only relatives cooperate. Elephants, wolf packs and so on may comprise unrelated individuals, though. Particular members of the group have expectations of the ways that others will act; cooperation must be learned, and members that do not cooperate may be "punished" by biting or by withdrawal of food. They also perform planned activities; ambushes or driving prey towards a pre-placed fellow pack-member indicates some form of awareness of the future. One cannot plan if one does not remember past events and strives to re-create things that have worked before; this indicates an awareness of time and of modelling the behaviours of other animals, so that there are expected, desired behaviours and unexpected, undesired ones, both in fellow pack members and in the prey animals. This implies a considerable degree of ability to form and maintain mental models of the behaviours of unrelated individuals. 9. Many animals have been shown to make and use tools. Not only chimpanzees in the wild, or finches in Gibraltar which use thorns as probes and levers to get at otherwise-inaccessible food items. Crows have been experimentally demonstrated to be able to improvise tools from available objects to get at food items. In other words, tool use is not always inherited behaviour or mimicry of others; the invention of novel tools has been demonstrated, outside of the mammals. 10. Again in the Aves, recently, a well-known experimental African Grey parrot named Alex died. Alex had been taught human speech; he was able to identify a wide range of objects and colours by name in English, to count up to five or more, to understand simple questions in English and formulate novel answers in the same spoken language. He was able to spell simple words out phonetically - "nuh, uh, tuh, NUT". He was able to express desires in spoken words: "wanna nut, now", even when this did not form part of the experimental dialogue. Many instances have show that his utterances were not simply mimicry of those of his trainers; he was able to construct sentences of his own, as well as parse those of his trainers. This shows considerable proficiency in manipulating an alien to him form of symbolic communication, very considerably exceeding the abilities of chimps and gorillas in the use of sign language. Video clips are available of conversations with Alex; they compel most observers to complete re-assess the presumed levels of intelligence of a bird with a brain the size of a walnut, orders of magnitude smaller than a human's brain. 11. Such symbolic communication is not unprecedented among wild animals. Social mammals such as meerkats have vocal calls which can indicate the type of threat that a scout has perceived. Many primates do similar things. Different groups use different sounds; these are not inherited actions, they are learned, or else genetically-similar groups in varying locations would use the same noises. Wild animals use symbolic communication to manipulate the behaviours of others, sometimes even in an altruistic fashion - favouring kin over themselves. 12. As previously discussed, chimps have been observed to lie, meaning that chimps are not only able to model the behaviours of other chimps in their troupe, they also model the mental state of those others. This is not to say that a butterfly with eyespots on its wings is consciously "lying" to predators, but when a more complex animal such as a chimp gives false information to other chimps, I think that what it's doing is certainly trying to manipulate another's mind, implying that it knows it has a mind. What I'm trying to demonstrate here is that there is a fairly simple, steady, observable and demonstrable increase in the sophistication of animal awareness of the world. Few aspects of human cognition are unique to humans; just about everything we do except writing - a recent human innovation, not an evolutionary one - various animals do too. Animals can be shown to possess and perform just about every mental trick that we do, from symbolic manipulation to abstract thought. Cognition is not a uniquely human behaviour and neither is self-awareness. We're just better at it. It's a difference of degree, not of kind. Now, this being so - and I think it is unarguable, but I welcome attempts - and the basic aspects of stimulus/response being readily demonstrable right down to single cells, what I want to ask is this: Where is the step from simple reflex action to perception/thought/response? Even in humans, functional NMRI has shown that the cerebral impulses governing physical actions arise before the conscious mind is aware of them. Whereas we do undoubtedly reason things out and act on them, in much of the basic action of the human brain, the conscious mind is merely a spectator, watching what's going on "beneath" it and then rationalising after the event that it "decided" to do that. Thinking is not, I submit, some special event in the brain. It's merely a slightly more sophisticated version of the very simple environmental modelling that even small crustaceans like woodlice do. Right down at the level of animals that have no brain, merely a small loop of nerve tissue around the mouth with more ganglia than elsewhere, animals take a step back from simple direct-wired stimulus->response, filter the incoming signals, form a model of what's going on, and act upon it. This, I submit, is the simplest kind of "mind", and the difference between it and us is that we have an awful lot more neurons and much more complex neural networks in between "in" and "out". It is a difference of degree, not of kind. Purely quantitative, not qualitative. A woodlouse "sees" in exactly the same way as we do. There's no deep difference. Many insects and birds and fish see colour better than we primates; they can see more colours, more differences over a greater range. The bigger the brain, the more complex the pattern-analysis; the bigger the patterns that can be identified. What happens, though, is still the same: a sensor detects a stimulus, sends an action potential down an axon to a ganglion, where it triggers a cascade of other action potentials that propagate across a network of neurons until they either elicit a response or not. The difference is that in humans, the cascades are bigger than they are in other animals, except whales, dolphins, elephants and the like. In at least some of the great apes - chimps and orangs - some of the impulses originate in some circuits whose job is to monitor the activity of the rest of the brain; there are circuits given over to modelling the activities of the rest of the brain, and there are circuits given over to modelling the model. The senses include awareness of brain activity: a feedback loop. The brain model includes a model of the brain model. Where, in this model, do "qualia" occur? Where is the great marvellous miracle over which so much paper and so many innocent electrons are expended? To me, it all seems fairly simple and clear. I don't understand why there is so much debate. What, you mean apart from every Unix ever? (All right, all right, excluding Mac OS X. But it's weird.) Beware of echo-chambers. http://n-gate.com/ Exactly! What is the point of recreating something _resembling_ a Model F but that doesn't have the same layout? Ctrl to the left of A, Caps Lock out of the way at lower right (in just the right position to be remapped as RAlt or Compose). What thought process goes "we'll recreate this classic device but we'll remove just a couple of the features that make it distinctive"? How is that ever going to be a recipe for success? I think a few [[citation needed]] comments are required in there. :-) There are, or were, 4 forks of AmigaOS around. From memory, here is the breakdown… * AmigaOS 3.5-3.9. By Haage & Partners. Proprietary. Runs on original 680x0 hardware. Based off the original binaries, with many added components and some bug-fixes & updates. * Amiga OS 4.x. By Hyperion, originally licensed by Amiga Inc. Proprietary. Based on officially-licensed original sources, rewritten for PowerPC. Runs on some recent licensed PowerPC-based Amigas & some PowerPC accelerators for original machines. * MorphOS. Proprietary. a 3rd-party recreation, sponsored by Genesi, natively for PowerPC, with rumours of an ARM port. No original sources used. API-compatible with AmigaOS 3.1. Runs on unlicensed, non-official more recent PowerPC machines. Rumours of developers not being paid. No development in a while. * AROS. FOSS. Runs on x86, with ARM, PowerPC and 680x0 ports available. All are API compatible with Commodore AmigaOS 3.1. AFAIK, all include emulator(s) so they can run original binaries. Nothing is very compatible with 3.5-3.9 as they were 3rd party extensions. None of the successors are very compatible with each other. AmigaOS 4 and AROS are experimenting with multiple-core support. Personally, I don't see a lot of future for any of them. The original AmigaOS was something of a triumph, but it achieved its small size and good performance because it targetted the 680000 -- yes, it does full pre-emptive multitasking, but there's no inter-process memory protection, no virtual memory, and poor hygiene between OS and apps or between different apps, making it hard to adapt to more modern hardware. AIUI the communication mechanism between the kernel and apps uses shared memory, meaning that even Commodore itself was unable to enhance it to use the MMU of later 68030-based Amigas, because that would have broken backwards-compatibility. If anyone fixes that, that will make it less Amiga-like and less compatibile with the old OSes. I have the demo version of MorphOS running on an Apple Mac mini G4. It works fine and it's fairly quick (until the demo version times out after 20min and slows down.) But there's no Wifi or Bluetooth support. It looks and feels like, well, a fast Amiga 1200 (the only original hardware I own.) In other words, very retro and a bit clunky. The Mac mini is a machine built to run Mac OS X 10.3 or 10.4, glossy modern 21st century OSes with transparency, scaling, versatile networking and filesystem support, and some high-profile commercial apps. MorphOS feels like a 1980s OS with some bells and whistles glued on. AROS probably has the brightest outlook and I can see a niche for it as a low-resource graphical OS for low-end ARM machines such as the Raspberry Pi. But the capabilities of such machines are improving fast - the RasPi 3 has 4 x 1-GHz cores, a capable GPU (which need restrictively- proprietary drivers), a gig of RAM, Wifi and Bluetooth. AROS runs under Linux -- the native port isn't finished -- supports 1 core and no wireless. It hasn't caught up with the hardware as the hardware evolves to leave it behind, becoming more capable of doing justice to a modern graphical Linux desktop. I've occasionally played with Gobo for years now. I am delighted to see it coming back to life of late. One thing I've always thought would be ideal would be if either or both of the 2 Linux desktops that natively implement the idea of application-directories were top support Gobo app-dirs. Those 2 are GNUstep: http://www.gnustep.org/ ... and the ROX Desktop: http://rox.sourceforge.net/desktop/ GNUstep implements NeXTstep/macOS style app dirs: a top-level Appname.app folder with an OS X-like structure inside it. ROX Desktop implements Acorn RISC OS-style app dirs, called !Appname ... and containing a different but comparable layout. A fair point. I would have liked to see what his existing writing partners -- Neil Gaiman or Stephen Baxter, for instance -- could have done. But it's not what he wanted. Strongly agreed. Especially since multiple successors to Unix already exist -- notably, Plan 9 and Inferno. It wasn't for x86 only. It ran on almost anything: ARM, SPARC, PowerPC, you name it. In its more mature form, as Intent/Elate, it is _the_ single most radical OS there's ever been, pretty much. It makes Inferno look conservative & staid, Plan 9 no more than a tweaked Linux distro, and Minix 3 a tweak of NetBSD. It's also been on HN before: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9802379 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9806607 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15470338 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15527936 Boustrephodon works very well for _words_ -- but badly for numbers. Even Roman-style ones. I suspect that put it at a disadvantage. No, it is not remotely contentious. The actual situation is that the petrochemical companies are spending a large amount of money on spreading FUD to obscure just how dire the situation is. They are immensely wealthy, meaning that they are immensely powerful. Concerted action to combat rising carbon dioxide and methane levels would destroy them. So, they are spending a lot of money fighting efforts to control fossil fuel use. Since the science is completely clear and unambiguous and there is no reasonable doubt whatsoever, the easiest tactic is to fog the issue. To spread suspicion that there is contention. To pay for contrarian researchers to say it's unclear. Additionally, it is important to realise that our times are ones of major cuts in funding for science, basic research, academic institutions, and so on. This means that research organisation and individual scientists have to chase industry sponsorships. The majority of geologists, mineralogists, palaeontologists and so on work for petrochemicals companies, or work for companies or organisations that are funded by petrochemicals companies. So they are muzzled: they are not allowed to speak. I personally have spoken to 2 such individuals recently. In public, both say "it's unclear, there is conflicting evidence," etc. Their employment requires this. In private, off the record, they are blunt. "We are fucked. Completely, totally fucked, beyond any hope of remediation or moderation." No, it's not controversial or unclear. But there are legions of conspiracy theorists, religious advocates and assorted nut-jobs who delight in seizing on any hint that it's not certain and spreading FUD. And there are those who don't care because it's clear that stopping this process will be vastly expensive and very bad for the stock markets and so on, and they care more about money than the planet. This seems insane to me but I know such people personally. It's quite common. Equally, media organisations come in 2 forms: those committed to balance and impartiality, who convey both sides' views, 50% each -- the real science (99%), and the paid lobbyists and fringe lunatics (1%). And the other kind, who spread lunacy (InfoWars.com etc.) or what they are paid to spread (Fox News, News Corporation, etc.) So the media representation is that there's controversy and it's not certain. There isn't. Go look at the scientific view, and we are completely fucked. We are in the exponentially-rising part of the curve of the 6th great mass extinction event and it is not meaningfully possible to stop it. It is, of course, possible to work to make it not quite so bad, but it will cost trillions of $/€/£/whatever. The rich don't want that. They're mostly old. Companies are immortal or nearly, but they, by design, chase the easy money and the safe bets. The industrial revolution and the economic system of the world is based on machine power replacing human and animal power. It will continue to pursue that until it collapses. At this point, changing that requires replacing the current military-industrial complex and economic system of the whole world. That's as hard or harder than cleaning up our act, so it's not likely to happen -- not until it's too late. That's a foolishly simplistic view. From simple models -- e.g. foxes and rabbits: https://niko.roorda.nu/computer-programs/fox-rabbit-theoreti... -- to more complex web models -- http://journals.plos.org/ploscompbiol/article?id=10.1371/jou... . In any such models, sometimes, with extreme population growth of any one member species, the result can be collapse so severe that that species goes totally extinct. We're not looking at a simple redistribution. We're looking at exponential explosions, and they tend to be followed by a total collapse. You're kidding, right? IBM actively shuts down whatever emulation efforts it can... e.g. https://www.theregister.co.uk/2008/07/02/ibm_buys_psi/ Are you thinking of OPL? OPL -- Organizer Programming Language -- was the default Psion high-level language bundled with all their EPOC machines. It's a block-structured BASIC-like language. "ARCOS"? "Distro"? It's not called ARCOS. It's AROS: (originally) the Amiga Research Operating System. (Due to a trademark claim, it is now the recursive AROS Research OS.) AROS is not a distro; the word "distro" implies Linux. This is not Linux, nor is it even Unix. Arguably it is a distribution of AROS, but the term is confusing and misleading. I just bought one, used, on eBay last month. I'm pleased with it, although the keyboard action is very stiff -- and I speak as an IBM Model M fan. As a modern version, some kind of enclosure for a Raspberry Pi would seem the obvious answer. Then all it needs is a text-only Linux distro -- easy enough -- and a decent editor with a modern standard UI, such as TextGrinder or Tilde. ErgoEmacs with a facelift and modernisation might do, but not without it. Ditto Vi. Seen the joke? "I've been using Vi for a couple of years now. Mostly because I can't work out how to exit." No, _here_ is the current best guide to cryptocurrencies: https://www.amazon.com/Attack-50-Foot-Blockchain-Contracts-e... Actually, yes it does. For journo stuff, hypothetical deity help me, MS Word is my editor of choice. Mainly for the outliner -- it's the _only_ mainstream wordprocessor that still includes outline mode, which I find indispensable. I mainly use Word 97 -- not the rest of Office, just a standalone copy of Word. It runs perfectly on WINE under Ubuntu. The service releases installed fine. It runs with full access to the host filesystem, cut-and-paste, file associations, the lot. And run on hardware a decade newer than it was written for, it is blisteringly fast. For a project last year, I had to temporarily move to a newer version -- Word 2003. That needed Crossover Office to install properly, but it too works perfectly and supports widescreens and 1080P monitors in portrait resolution just fine. I like LibreOffice too, but it has no outliner mode. That leaves it hopelessly crippled for me, sadly. I use Calc, Impress and so on, but I write in MS Word 97 under WINE. Faster, industry-standard for right or wrong, and very very quick on 21st century hardware. I lost my last permanent job in London at the end of 2008, at the beginning of the financial crisis in the UK. I applied for about two thousand roles in 2009 alone, and from 2008-2013, about 3,500 roles in total... In about 6-8 countries in multiple disciplines. I averaged 30+ applications _per day_ at first... and 1 interview per year. From 2009 to 2013 I got 2 months of paying work in total. Reason? I think it's because I was 41 when I started. I used to mainly work in support, from 1st/2nd/3rd line to sysadmin, systems design and spec, network architect, everything. I do Windows, Linux, Mac OS, networking, comms, some programming knowledge, training, all sorts. But I'm too old to get work as a techie. I eventually moved to the Czech Republic. I'm in my 3rd position in 4 years, having nearly doubled my salary from its lowest point since I moved here. Mainly because I'm a native English speaker and we're in big demand here. I can _turn down_ work I don't want over here. But I did have to move to a new country, where I don't speak the language, and accept an initial pay cut to about one quarter of what I hoped for in London. Exactly so. I have tried most things. I removed all the dates from my CV. No difference; a minimally intelligent pimp can add up. Degree, that's 3y; 3y in this role, 2y in that role, 2 years there, 16y freelancing... This dude is old . So I removed the early junior jobs from my career history. Result, I got quizzed on how I walked straight into senior roles straight out of university. So I left out some gaps in the timeline (I've freelanced quite a lot) -- and got curious about the specific tech I'd worked with in particular roles. Deploying Windows NT Server 3.1, or managing a migration from DECnet to TCP/IP, dates you. You can fool the idiots, sure. But then your CV gets passed to non-idiots. I don't advertise a DoB any more, nor dates of education, but I do give the years of my various permie jobs. It's easier to just be honest. If they're ageist, as many are, then you can't lie or BS your way past that. I haven't noticed any particular habits of numerical formatting or anything, but this might be US-specific. But I have done the pulling-magic-fixes-out-of-a-hat thing. It's fun. :-) Good for you! Sincerely! I am very happy about the move. I'm glad to have left the UK and my quality of life now is far better than it was. I wasn't forced into it. I had a fallback plan: I wrote and sold a book, and used the proceeds to pay for a TEFL course. My plan was to go travelling as a TEFL teacher. As it happens, I didn't need to do it. Just as I was planning on it, a role abroad came up, and once I adjusted to the idea of a 75% pay cut from what I was expecting, it was a very good move. I wouldn't particularly wish the fate of being _forced_ to change countries on anyone, but it's not a bad thing. Mind you, I had no family, no dependents, nothing. And I now have the disposable income to visit ageing parent more often than I did from London. I have a tiny handful of friends in IT older than I whose careers are still thriving in the UK. Most are specialists of some kind. I wish them well. For the first >50% of my career, my speciality was that I wasn't a specialist. I can work anything with a keyboard and a display, fix it, tune it, make it talk to anything else, or at a push virtualise it. But that's an obsolete skill in the near-monoculture of today, when IT means Unix, Windows and nothing else, talking Internet protocols. It's all boring now. Usefully, though, I also write, so I changed course and became a tech writer. That's working out OK so far. No, not really. For 2 reasons. [1] I only did broadcast/scattershot approach for the first year. After I got kicked off benefits the 2nd time (for attending a meeting of my startup -- an unpaid position -- in another part of the country) I stopped trying for anything I could do at all, anywhere, and started targeting my applications far more specifically, at things I was a really good fit for, with customised CVs etc. No difference. Maybe a slightly higher rate of rejection letters. [2] As others have said, timing. I was freelance for most of the period 1996-2001 and 2003-2007. I decided to return to F/T work in '07 and applied for about 500 positions in 4 months before I got my first interview. I was hired over the phone, first interview. It's getting to the interview that's hard. I interview well. I'm smart, lucid, eloquent, approachable. These days, that means keyword matching, to get past 1st and maybe 2nd level selection. 2009/2010 were very bad. 2011, I got a role, but only very very briefly. 2012, I was even flown to Scotland for a 2nd interview, then got a second, non-IT role. 2013, I retrained in TEFL and went looking for teaching roles. End 2013, I applied for, and in early 2014, I got, a role in Brno, Czechia. Good for you. Seriously. It does seem to be better for programmers. I was primarily a support guy, but also systems admin, network architect/rollouts/installation, training, even project management and security consultancy at a push. We're regarded as far more fungible than coders. Coders make more money and if you are good in a niche, something popular, or something wildly obscure where it's hard to find people, then it's easier to find work. 2 of my former partners are programmers. One a general database programmer; she found it hard to retrain into suitably trendy databases, but once she did, she was off and running. Another in a very obscure language, but once she found a role, after a few years, she was making 50% more than my best-ever pay in London. Either you write in something desirable (even if niche), or you're good enough to switch languages easily and readily (and regularly) retrain in something desirable. If you do that and are good, there's work out there. If you're a humble grunt who fixes stuff, it's much much harder. I signed up with every agency in sight -- Monster, Reed, Manpower, whatever. I had saved keyword queries on all the major agencies and sites. I joined mailing lists with job ads -- I recall https://www.environmentjob.co.uk/ had some interesting ones, but many, you have to pay your own way, and I was broke. I went looking for as many ads as possible. I had a file of application letters, needing minimal customisation to fit. Copy, paste, add salutation/role/location, attach CV, send. My CV is longish -- 3 pages -- but then, so's my career. I've done what I can to optimise it for keywords that will get hits when pimps do searches. The CV didn't get customised for specific applications unless I really wanted that role and thought I'd be perfect for it. It didn't help. I don't bother doing it any more. I maintain a "writer" and a "techie" CV, just in case. Every morning, I would make a cuppa and breakfast, sit at the PC, read a few comics and the news, then start applying. I'd keep going until there were no vaguely relevant positions left. It took from 2 to 5 hours most days. I logged every application in an OpenOffice/LibreOffice spreadsheet: date, title, reference number, agency. Every fortnight, I signed on at the Jobcentre, and took the printout of the last 2 weeks' applications to get it initialled as evidence. I needed that in August; by then, the printout was about 2cm thick. I probably still have it somewhere. Perhaps I should put it on Dropbox for people to see the evidence. :-) Up to a point, yes. I tried to use as broad a range of places as I could find. I bought the Guardian every Thursday for the ads in the Tech pull-out, until they cancelled that. I subscribed to Computing and Computer Weekly and went for any print ads in there, too. I applied to a few from New Scientist as well, borrowing friends' copies or going to the local libraries. There are indubitably many ads for each role, and also fake ads for agencies wanting lots of people on their books, but you can't really tell real from spam, so I just applied for them all. Just so. Aggressive job-hunting is a nearly full-time job in itself. As I said, though, from 2010-2013 I became a lot more selective, meaning it was only an hour or 2 a day. Not all, but most. It is endemic in the Anglophone world. I also speak a little German, French, Norwegian and at a push Spanish and Swedish, and I applied to anywhere that was hiring English speakers there, too... with cover letter in the local language, naturally. Zero interest. So I think it's a Western problem. Q.v. https://techcrunch.com/2010/08/28/silicon-valley%E2%80%99s-d... https://newrepublic.com/article/117088/silicons-valleys-brut... I encounter virtually none here in the former Communist Bloc, where people are more interested in me because of my experience. An acquaintance, a decade ago, took about 5y off to go on a world tour. When he returned to London, his skills were so stale, he couldn't find anything. After 6mth of hunting in vain, he wrote a CV focussed on his oldest skill -- Fortran -- and found a role in weeks. When he told me this, he'd been renewed 5 times and had been in a 6mth role for nearly 3 years. He suspected he'd be doing it for the rest of his working life. I got a bunch of interviews around 2010-2011 for DEC OpenVMS sysadmin work. I do have VMS skills, but not high-level ones -- but companies were having real problems finding people to maintain their Alpha and Itanium servers. The demand was there. This is a real issue. In journalism, the career path is jr writer, writer, sr writer, jr editor, sr editor -- and then you go do management. I was the IT Manager of a London stockbroker in the City by 26 years old. I didn't like it and ultimately quit. But the expected career path for many companies is to go from being a "mere" techie to being a manager. If you don't want to do that, then age becomes a big problem. I changed track to journalism, not knowing that the Web was going to kill the computer magazine industry within a decade. But short term, it was a good move, and I loved it. The first thing that struck me was to try to write, or port, some bare-metal emulators. E.g. extend an Atari TT/Falcon emulator to use as much as possible of the RasPi's resources -- all the RAM, an emulated blitter & FPU, the SD card as a big hard disk. There are several FOSS OSes for the ST now ; this would make an interesting selection of old ST OSes accessible to a new audience on the cheap. The only FOSS Amiga OS I know of is AROS and they're already working on a native port, but a bare-metal Amiga emulator would be fun to have, too. Classic MacOS would also be great. :-D AFrOS; SMSQ/E; CP/M-68K. > some group tried to make a concurrent version of DOS I think you really do not know much about the history of PC operating systems. IBM licensed Digital Research's real-time OS, FlexOS, for its point-of-sale machines. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FlexOS FlexOS is related to DR's Concurrent DOS: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multiuser_DOS ... which was the descendant of Concurrent CP/M, which was the offspring of CP/M-86, one of the 3 original OSes at launch for the IBM PC in 1981 (along with PC DOS and the UCSD p-System). CP/M was the original industry-standard OS for 8080 micros. It is what MS-DOS is a knock-off version of -- MS-DOS was licensed from SCP, whose QDOS was a copy of CP/M. "Some group tried," indeed. This is the original OS company, successfully trading and dominating the industry when Bill Gates and Paul Allen founded Micro-Soft. NTFS was NT 3.1 -- in 1993. Win 3.1 (1992) used only FAT. It looks just like NeXTstep. IMHO, i.e. like the most beautiful, elegant GUI ever designed. The technical claims here are badly incorrect. Oberon is 2 things. It is a language and an OS, or even a family of OSes. Oberon the language has several versions and works on Linux on x86, x86-64, ARM and other platforms, as well as Windows, BSD, Mac OS X, etc. E.g. https://github.com/vishaps/voc Oberon the OS runs on x86 and RISC5 among others. I am considering attempting an ARM port for Raspberry Pi. So no, it is not at all Windows-centric. One commercial compiler is, but not the language. It is niche but the community seems quite active. As for the OS, I assembled some links here: https://liam-on-linux.livejournal.com/46523.html This is a good overview: http://ignorethecode.net/blog/2009/04/22/oberon/ Oberon, a tiny text-oriented OS, evolved into A2, a graphical OS with a zooming UI called Bluebottle. There's some info about A2/Bluebottle here: http://sage.com.ua/en.shtml?e1l0 Here is the OS on GitHub: https://github.com/btreut/a2 There are bare-metal versions for x86 -- I am running it on a Thinkpad X200 as well as under VirtualBox -- and also versions that run hosted on Windows, 32-bit and 64-bit Linux and Mac OS X. Perhaps the seminal academic paper is "Oberon - the Overlooked Jewel" by Michael Franz of University of California at Irvine. A PDF is here: https://pdfs.semanticscholar.org/d48b/ecdaf5c3d962e2778f804e... This is essential reading to understand its relevance in computer science. I came here to advocate much the same. Raspberry Pi Zero + Risc OS Pico. The fastest BASIC interpreter ever written, with local variables, recursion, inline ARM assembler, and more. Advantages over Python etc. on Linux: * No complex OS underneath; * No need to learn arcane concepts like "editors" and "files" yet; * No significant whitespace; * No weird C-isms like the output statements, the two meanings of % or any of that legacy nonsense it inherits from 40y of crap underneath; * Zero maintenance required. Blinding fast, cheap as chips, runs on a dribble of power, solid-state and silent. If the kid takes to it, can be trivially enhanced to a full rich GUI OS with tons of educational apps and software. 2 comments: * Only a mug buys Apple kit new. Same as only a mug buys cars or motorbikes new. (Did you know that the word "gullible" isn't in the dictionary?) * Wait 'til he gets a cryptolocker infection. Then we'll see how much he loves Windows. The people behind it could have saved about, oh, a decade's work if they knew about GNUstep before they began. But no. Instead, they invented yet another wheel... Is it CUA? If so, I'm interested. Reads page > modal [...] > inspired by Vim Closes tab Hi. Author of the piece here. It's a repurposed Quora answer; the original question might clarify what I was answering: https://www.quora.com/Why-was-Apple-unable-to-complete-Copla... Firstly, I think I have to say 'define "failed".' The company is sadly dead and gone, swallowed by PalmSource. BeOS tech was used to build the ARM-native, multitasking, media-savvy PalmOS 6 "Cobalt" -- which sadly never shipped on any devices. PalmSource was then in turn swallowed by Access Corp of Japan. These guys: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Access_(company) Still alive, to quote GladOS. It provides the Kindle web browser, for instance. Second, BeOS has been reborn as Haiku, which is also very much alive, and includes what Be code it legally can (the Tracker, mainly). Haiku is IMHO the most complete/most interesting desktop FOSS out there. Haiku is now self-hosting and recently entered beta, after a long gestation. There's very little manpower behind it, so progress is slow, but it is moving. So, significant influence, I think it's fair to say. BeOS shipped, it sold, I reviewed v5 and it remains my favourite x86 OS ever written. (Yeah, I'm biased. Sue me.) Allow me to enlighten you a little bit. "The family link between OS/2 and Windows NT" https://liam-on-linux.livejournal.com/54138.html "Follow-up: the family links between DOS, OS/2, NT and VMS" https://liam-on-linux.livejournal.com/54464.html There's a citation in that 2nd blog post. Well, there are lots, but the IT Pro Mag one goes into detail about the OS/2 and VMS connection. Enjoy. And of course finally it went FOSS: https://github.com/SymbianSource I'm surprised nobody has even attempted to pick it up, AFAICT. A very good OS in its day. Indeed so. And NeXTstep isn't a 1990s OS. It's a 1980s OS. v0.8 first demoed 12 October 1988 when the NeXT cube was launched; v1.0 shipped 18 September 1989. NeXTstep influenced the Windows 95 UI in some ways -- the shaded 3D look, the idea of a fixed panel across the screen which could be both an app launcher and an app switcher. But NeXT probably got that from Acorn RISC OS, which was shipping before NeXTstep was ever shown. I've written about that, too: https://www.theregister.co.uk/Print/2013/06/03/thank_microso... Agreed. The original pre-Google Android was a Blackberry-killer, and I don't reckon that was a good way to go. You can see some early prototype devices here: https://www.androidcentral.com/android-pre-history As usual for Ars, it has a far more detailed history, with pre-1.0 screenshots: https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2016/10/building-android-a-4... You can see that, before the iPhone, it started out as a Blackberry clone, or something like it. And that, IMHO, was far to geeky a toy to change the world as the iPhone did. I do not understand the ramifications, but how come nobody ever answers "Tauthon" to this discussions? https://github.com/naftaliharris/tauthon Background: https://www.naftaliharris.com/blog/why-making-python-2.8/ Nifty little vid. Good careful teardown and reassembly, complete with gloves. Couple of small cavils, though... There are a few mistakes in there to point out. * The OS that came with it... The original 'Strads came with _two_. Digital Research's DOS Plus: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DOS_Plus ... and MS-DOS. DOS Plus was very obscure -- the only other machine I know to come with it was the Acorn BBC Master 512 -- but it was a forerunner of DR-DOS, which was a huge success and much later became open source. * That isn't WordStar they show. Well, it sort of is, but it's not the WordStar that they correctly describe as the leading DOS wordprocessor until WordPerfect came along. Amstrad bundled a special custom wordprocessor called WordStar 1512. This is a rebadged version of WordStar Express, which although it came from MicroPro Corp, is in fact totally unrelated to the actual WordStar program. The rumour was that WordStar Express was a student project, written in Modula-2. It is totally incompatible with actual WordStar, using different keystrokes, different file formats, everything. But it did allegedly get the student a job! It didn't sell so Amstrad got it very cheap. https://www.wordstar.org/index.php/wordstar-history * WordStar was originally written for CP/M and ported to MS-DOS, meaning that it didn't support MS-DOS's more advanced features, such as subdirectories, very well. MicroPro flailed around a bit, including developing WordStar 2000, another unrelated program that looked similar but used a totally different and incompatible user interface, thus alienating all the existing users. (And WordStar users are almost fanatically loyal. George R R Martin is one -- all of "a Game of Thrones" was written in WordStar!) After annoying its users for so long that various companies cloned the original program, MicroPro eventually did something marginally sensible. It bought the leading clone, which was called NewWord, and rebadged it as "WordStar 4," even though it wasn't derived from WordStar 3 at all. So what Doris had there is a shoddy alternative app from MicroPro, and a better 3rd party alternative that in fact later became the "real" product. * Locomotive BASIC 2 This was sort of a sop, a bone thrown to Locomotive Software who did almost all the original Amstrad CPC and PCW 8-bit business apps. BASIC 2 is pretty much totally unrelated to, and incompatible with, the ROM BASIC in the CPC range, or Locomotive's Mallard BASIC for the PCW, but it was written by the same company. It was the only high-level language built for PC GEM, I believe. It was sold on nothing other than the Amstrads and so disappeared into obscurity. IMHO, rather than BASIC 2 and the fairly awful WordStar 1512, Amstrad ought to have offered LocoScript PC, the DOS version of the Amstrad PCW's bundled wordprocessor. This was a very good app in its day, one of the most powerful DOS wordprocessors in its time, with advanced font handling and very limited WYSIWYG support. * No RAM expansion in the 1640. That's a plain mistake. There's no expansion possible. The 8086 can only address 1 MB of RAM, and the upper 384 kB of that space is filled with ROM and I/O space in the PC design. 640 kB is all an 8086 PC can take, so there is no possible expansion. Thus, no point in fitting slots for it. Glad to see some coverage of this. It's my default browser, since Firefox Quantum. It still allows rich customisation, via classic XUL addons. I have a vertical tab bar, merged with a vertical bookmarks bar, which is flattened via another addon. I have a rich download manager with multi-streaming, resuming, and more. When Firefox Quantum came out, 13 of my 17 add-ons stopped working. Several versions later, I can customise it a bit, but only in limited, clunky ways, requiring manual hacking of userChrome.css, and it's not very widescreen-friendly. I don't care about privacy. Scott McNeally was right in 1999, and he's still right: "You have no privacy on the Internet. Get over it." I don't like the new Firefox and I probably won't be back. Waterfox fills the need nicely. But would this provide good or bad input noise for a atomic vector plotter? One might get very low levels of improbability... The 68000 still did not have an onboard memory-management unit, though. The was only introduced with the 68030, which is roughly analagous and contemporaneous with the Intel 80386. The 68040 added an onboard FPU, like the 80486. (And like the 486SX, the 68040EC had the onboard FPU removed again.) There was also LINES=43 for EGA (640×350, rather than VGA's 640×480). MODE CO80 was for 80-column colour. ``MODE MONO'' switched to MDA/monochrome VGA mode (if you hadn't used &b700-b7ff for a UMB.) MODE CO40 for the 40-column mode intended for the original IBM PC when used with an analogue TV set as its display. Needs more RISC OS. https://guidebookgallery.org/screenshots/riscos37 But it's not so much how they looked, as how they worked. Bidirectional scrolling using a 3-button mouse, so elegant that you didn't need a scroll wheel. No, that's how they are _served_. It is _not_ how they work . This is how they work: https://thecorrespondent.com/100/the-new-dot-com-bubble-is-h... TL;DR. Read it anyway, it's great. But executive summary: they don't, and nobody cares. I doubt it. As shipped, it was profoundly broken. Charlie Demerjian did a good exposé on this for the Inquirer, but the page has been taken down. Here is a blog post that references it, though: http://topofcool.com/blog/2006/06/05/sony-suicide-watch-ps3-... The memory read speeds for the SPEs (Synergistic Processing Elements, or "APUs" these days) was horrible. It was about 3 orders of magnitude slower than it was meant to be. This is why the chip basically died. Memory read speeds for the SPUs were impossibly slow, meaning that they were crippled into uselessness, AIUI. Thanks. That enabled me to find non-paywalled versions: http://www.impactlab.net/2019/12/09/how-the-end-of-moores-la... or https://moosegazette.net/how-the-end-of-moores-law-will-ushe... Some additional commentary from a blog analysing the Inq's story: https://assemblergames.com/threads/ps3-concerns-cell-archite... «It means that no more than three of the SPE's can talk to the memory controller at one time using full capacity. Four SPE's will fill the bus, and the CPU controller will not be able to access the memory at all. [...] What you can do is have all the SPE's work at the same time, but using nowhere near the capacity they each have. Basically the PS3 gets punished for performing well, and tweaking cell for better results in the future seems to be a nightmare if not impossible. » Was and is. It's even in a song lyric. Been around the world and found / That only stupid people are breeding / The cretins cloning and feeding / And I don't even own a TV https://genius.com/Harvey-danger-flagpole-sitta-lyrics This is what compelled me to sell my Blackberry Passport, a lovely device with a good keyboard and a great OS (based on QNX). I didn't care that it no longer had a FB or Twitter client, or that I couldn't access other soc.nets. But for a comms-centric device with a wonderful unified inbox, the fact that it no longer worked with WhatsApp, FB Messenger and so on was a killer. A phone that can't talk to them is not really a phone any more in C21. Not that I knew of. OS/2 1, the 286 version, was quite expensive enterprise software. I evaluated 1.0 in my first job. OS/2 2, the 386 version, was relatively cheap. I paid about £40 for a copy, and it's one of the very few pieces of x86 PC software I've ever bought in my life. OS/2 3 "Warp" did have a free evaluation version, and was distributed on magazine cover disks. However it took much of a CD and was not readily available on floppies. https://twitter.com/AlvinGrissomII/status/108455170211465216... There was a widespread belief that it needed a PS/2 and MCA, but it didn't. I ran it on Librex laptops and several generic clones. No version ever _needed_ MCA. It's just one of many things that doomed it. :-( If anyone's still interested, there's a free demo CD of the later successor to OS/2, eComStation. http://www.ecomstation.com/democd/index.php?file=9 This is what it looks like: http://toastytech.com/guis/ecsd.html > CentralPoint PC Tools seems little remembered nowadays. Indeed, up to the point that the name was usurped by some unrelated software. It was very useful even in the later DOS era; it was a standard part of my travelling tech toolkit. It had one of the fastest floppy formatters around, and just about the fastest DOS disk-defragmenter I ever saw, nearly an order of magnitude quicker than Norton's. The PC Tools backup/restore tool was also superb and extremely fast. It used an extended disk format, squeezing about 1.6 MB onto an HD 3½" floppy, and compressed data on the fly, so many megabytes of software or data could be squeezed onto the minimum number of floppies. Benchmarks: http://www.oldskool.org/guides/dosbackupshootout Unlike rival extended formats, if you tried to DIR the disk from DOS, you got a warning message: http://www.os2museum.com/wp/the-central-point-backup-floppy-... What doomed Central Point software is that it did a licensing deal with Microsoft. Cut-down versions of PC Tools Backup and the separate Central Point Antivirus were bundled with MS-DOS 6. Microsoft promised CP that CP would make money from DOS 6 customers wishing to upgrade to the full versions. In actual fact, people got by with the freebie versions and CP's sales of standalone products _and_ upgrades both stagnated. MS tried similar tactics on STAC in the hope of bundling the Stacker disk-compression tool with MS-DOS 6. STAC, wisely, said no. So Microsoft just stole the code and used it anyway. STAC sued, won, and got $120M damages. https://www.latimes.com/archives/la-xpm-1994-02-24-fi-26671-... It used the money wisely, to diversify the company out of disk compression by acquisition, buying vendors of remote-control software (ReachOut) and enterprise backup (Replica). Sadly, this was long before ubiquitous Internet connectivity, even by dial-up modem. ReachOut mainly worked by direct-dial modem-to-modem comms -- useful, but expensive, as each machine to be controlled needs a modem, a telephone line and its own phone number. It wasn't enough and STAC ended up going broke. Central Point Software was bought out by Symantec, like Quarterdeck and Norton and others. MS-DOS 6 was badly buggy anyway and MS had to release a free update, MS-DOS 6.2. (Note, at this time, product updates, service packs, etc. were extremely rare.) Then, when it lost the STAC lawsuit, it released another update, MS-DOS 6.21, which simply removed disk compression altogether. Then MS rewrote the offending code and released MS-DOS 6.22, another free update, replacing the infringing "DoubleSpace" with "DriveSpace" -- basically the same tool but with different compression/decompression routines. This was the last-ever version of MS-DOS, and thus DOS 6 has the dubious distinction of being the most-patched release in history. There are details of this on Wikipedia but it's been sanitised by MS PR so it merely mentions patent infringement, rather than the direct code theft involved. https://tedium.co/2018/09/04/disk-compression-stacker-double... I always thought that, too. It's wrong. Original NeXT classes were prefixed NX_. Then NeXT worked with Sun to make a portable version of the GUI that could run on top of other OSes -- primarily targeting Solaris, of course, but also Windows NT. That was called OpenStep and it is the source of classes with the prefix NS_ -- standing for Next/Sun. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OpenStep#History This is why Sun bought NeXT software vendor Lighthouse, whose CEO Jonathan Schwartz who later became Sun's CEO. Unfortunately for NeXT (and ultimately for Sun), right after this, Sun changed course and backed Java instead. > I wish desktop OSes could be more simple, i.e. without multi-user and file access rights. Have a look into Oberon and its successor A2/Bluebottle. http://ignorethecode.net/blog/2009/04/22/oberon/ https://liam-on-linux.livejournal.com/46523.html Did you know that Blackberry 10 is QNX? I had a Passport for a while. A lovely phone, and the OS had an Android runtime so _some_ Android apps worked... but like other OSes that let you run non-native apps, it resulted in BB10 never attaining a critical mass of apps. There is another big reason that Apple didn't buy Be and was right not to -- and I say that although BeOS is my favourite x86 OS ever. Dev tools. Remember Steve Ballmer's "Developers! Developers! Developers!" dance? https://youtu.be/I14b-C67EXY?t=10 He was right. Without developers for a new OS, you are dead in the water. Which is my MS has fought so hard to keep compatibility. Apple had to switch OS. That meant it had to persuade all its devs to switch OS. That meant it had to offer the devs something very special, and that something was NeXTstep and Interface Builder. NeXT's dev tools were the best in the software business and _that_ offered trad Mac devs a good enough reason to come across. Be had nothing like that. BeOS was wonderful, but it was not a replacement for NeXTstep as a replacement for MacOS. But there was another company out there. BeOS was a natively multiprocessor OS, when that was very rare. One of the reasons is that in fast x86 computers, the x86 chip is one of the most expensive single components in the machine, and it puts out most of the heat. Especially at the end of the 1990s and early 2000s, the era of big fat Slot 2 Pentium IIIs and worse still Pentium 4s. But there was one company making powerful desktops with the cheapest, coolest-running CPUs in the world, where making a dual-processor machine _in 1998_ was barely more expensive than making a uniprocessor one. That company's CPUs are the best-selling CPUs ever designed and outsell all x86 chips put together (Intel + AMD + Via etc.) by well over 10 to 1. And it needed a lightweight, SMP-capable OS very badly, right at the time Be was porting BeOS from PowerPC to x86... https://liam-on-linux.livejournal.com/55562.html I used Pygmy Linux which was similar -- it installed in a subdirectory of an existing DOS install and booted with LOADLIN. It was quite useful -- for example it was a simple effective way to probe IDE disk types and parameters, far easier than using multiple DOS utilities and cross-referencing. DR-DOS is still around and I have been working on getting some updates working. https://liam-on-linux.livejournal.com/58013.html Yeah, I think virtually everyone still interested in the Spectrum in 2017 onwards knows about that. The thing is, it's an at-least-partially closed design, the only way to get it to subscribe to the kickstarter, and it doesn't comply with the modern enhanced-Spectrum-graphics standard ULA Plus, because some of the team had an argument with some of the ULA Plus team. The Chloe has been around for longer, it's 100% FOSS, and it runs on the €35 ZX UNO FPGA board. They're both interesting but IMHO the Chloe is more interesting. BTW, I have no connection with anyone involved in either bar talking to them on Twitter & FB. E&OE, as they say. You mean, like a CMD SuperCPU? https://www.c64-wiki.com/wiki/SuperCPU I hear they run Geos great. If you want a cleaner ROM and a better BASIC, there's the Acorn Communicator: http://chrisacorns.computinghistory.org.uk/Computers/Communi... Not a games machine, though. To be fair, the machines that took Z80 home micros into the 16-bit era were MSX Turbo-R. https://www.msx.org/wiki/MSX_Turbo_R Update: apparently, now, the SpecNext has added ULA Plus compatibility, but not licensed the trademark so they don't say so. Still, this is good news. There are already enhanced games that use it, originally for emulators and later for machines upgraded with a physical ULA Plus chip... https://www.sellmyretro.com/offer/details/slam-ula-plus-repl... ... and now you'll be able to play them on actual hardware. Examples of such games and how they look: https://sites.google.com/site/ulaplus/ Exactly... I mentioned this in an article 4 years ago. https://www.theregister.co.uk/2016/07/05/containers_state_of... Subtitle: "All programming languages are wrong." This is fascinating. I was planning to post it myself, but I'm glad someone beat me to it. Context: This is the latest project from David A Moon, ex-Apple, co-founder of Symbolics, co-inventor of Emacs, co-inventor of Dylan, inventor of ephemeral garbage collection, inventor of PLOT. This is one of the original Lisp and Lisp Machine gurus. Few living programmers have a more distinguished pedigree in developing massive innovations in software and programming language design. Hi, original author here. Yes, I'm talking about Apple Macs, specifically. I am not aware of any other Apple product line that has transitioned from any one processor architecture to another different one while maintaining any form of software compatibility; are you? Non-computers don't matter. Nobody cares if a laser printer has the same CPU as the previous generation of laser printer, so long as it still prints and there's a driver. Nobody cares if a new iPod has a different CPU, because iPods didn't run apps. The iOS line has never made a CPU transition, so there's nothing to write about. It's ARM as it's always been. 32-bit to 64-bit is no big deal; I did a FOSDEM talk on this theme a fortnight ago: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22265615 Only Apple's Mac made a journey like this, so there's nothing else to talk about. The Apple IIGS had a different CPU but was backwards-compatible; no transition involved. It ends around 200 8 because by then Apple was making 64-bit dual-core x86 machines with 64-bit UEFI and they still are. That was their last transition so far. There's nothing more to say. Hi. Original blog post author here. Not really, no. I was there and used and supported these machines throughout. There was a CDEV available at the time. I can't find it any more. It placed an "indicator light" in your menu bar, which glowed red when the OS was executing 68K code and green for PowerPC code. I installed it on all the machines I could. It sat there red 99% of the time. Occasionally it flashed green briefly. Only a very few very-CPU-intensive apps made it stay green: applying large Photoshop filters, for example. Even by MacOS 9.2.2 in my normal usage, browsing the web, doing email and spreadsheets and chat, and writing, it stayed red most of the time. PowerPC-native browsers such as WAMCOM call OS code all the time, and the OS code mostly stayed 68K. As for it being the low-effort move, I specifically addressed this point. Hi. Author of the piece here. The reason I skipped it is addressed in an earlier comment: there was no code transition. The 65C816 ran 6502 code natively. Yes there was a bit of native code, but if Apple had run the CPU at full speed, and devoted real effort to the IIGS, it would have killed the Mac off. It is, sadly, for the best that they didn't. I speak as someone who never owned or used an Apple ][. I was born in Britain. When the Apple ][ was new, it cost as much as a car in Europe. My first and second computers were Sinclairs, and my 3rd was an Amstrad (who bought Sinclair). The Apple ][ may have been the first home computer under US$1000 but in the UK that was a very large amount of money. Sinclair made the first home computers for under GBP 100, a far more important cost barrier for us. Article author here. Thanks! I do quite a bit... https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22265615 This talk was 2y earlier: https://liam-on-linux.livejournal.com/56835.html Hi. Article author here. Pascal isn't ideal, but it has derivatives which are. Pascal became Modula-2, in which several large-scale OS implementation efforts were made, including Acorn ARX. Modula-2 became Oberon, which is an OS: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15753138 There is also Euclid, which was used to implement a Unix. Yes, a Unix in Pascal. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TUNIS Also see: https://github.com/sigurbjornl/emulator-sun-2 Lots, many of which have been mentioned, but there is one whole category of app that didn't really make the leap to Windows (or Mac OS X over in Apple-land) and is basically dead now: Outliners -- http://outliners.scripting.com/ The seminal PC Outline was shareware and it's still out there: https://www.outlinersoftware.com/topics/viewt/2200/0/pc-outl... But it evolved into Grandview: https://welcometosherwood.wordpress.com/2009/10/10/grandview... As for the others... well, there were lots! Back in the boom days of MS-DOS (DOS 3.x, mainly, and before) it didn't include a decent text editor, directory navigator, file manager, memory manager, program launcher, task-switcher, inter-computer file-transfer tool, file or disk compression and lots of other things, so there were many 3rd party replacements. Some still have fans. DOS 4 started to fix some of that, including a pretty good file manager/program launcher called DOSShell, but otherwise it was bloated: it was buggy and took a lot of RAM, a scarce resource under DOS. DR responded with DR-DOS 5, which was leaner, meaner, gave you more free RAM than even MS-DOS 3.3, but gave you big (>32MB) partitions, a graphical shell, a full-screen editor and lots more. MS responded with MS-DOS 5, the first ever retail version, which included all this and more. There was a brief "arms race" -- DR-DOS 6, then MS-DOS 6, 6.2, 6.21, 6.22, DR-DOS 7. I've blogged about this: https://liam-on-linux.livejournal.com/58013.html Then Windows 95 integrated DOS and that ended the battle. DR-DOS got acquired by Novell, then spun off with Caldera, then went FOSS. I am working on some updates: https://liam-on-linux.livejournal.com/58013.html IBM continued with PC DOS 7 and the little-known PC DOS 7.1, which fixes a load of bugs, adds FAT32 support, LBA disk access, support for modern >8GB disks, and more. It's a free download if you know where to look: https://liam-on-linux.livejournal.com/59703.html These later versions of DOS -- DR-DOS 5, 6 & 7, MS-DOS 5 & 6, and PC-DOS 6, 7 & 7.1 -- included replacements for most of the 3rd party utilities. 32-bit Windows then made most of them irrelevant. A lot of the companies went under. Most of the office-type apps made the jump to Windows: WordPerfect ended up a good word-processor. Borland's DOS apps got bundled with it. IBM bought Lotus, Samna and others and made SmartSuite. There's no burning reason to favour the ancient DOS versions now. But outliners never really made that leap and so there's now a choice of MS Word or run ancient DOS stuff. The FOSS world has never embraced outliners: LibreOffice doesn't include one. There are some FOSS 2-pane outliners -- what Wikipedia calls "extrinsic" outliners -- but they are a totally separate, different type of app, and personally I have no use for them. So I run an ancient version of MS Word, Word 97, just for Outline mode. It runs perfectly under WINE on Ubuntu and other distros. Here is the author's demo version: https://tokyoma.de/linkalot/ He is a colleague of mine on the documentation team at SUSE. Update from the author (who's happy this has provoked interest :-) — There is now even a Firefox add-on that works with Linkalot: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/send-tab-url/ It wasn't unique to the 68K world. Windows/286 (from long before Windows 3) could multitask too, but not very stably. No memory protection. Acorn RISC OS -- the original ARM OS -- had _both_ cooperative and (for command-prompt windows) pre-emptive multitasking, but again, no memory protection. A big part of the problem was that the 68000 had no MMU. Nor did the 68010 or the 68020. One only came onboard as standard with the 68030 -- analogous to Intel's 80386DX -- and then it was too late: to rework all the existing OSes would have been both a huge amount of work, and badly broken backwards-compatibility with the large existing software libraries. Whereas the PC industry more or less rebooted the OS stack (eventually), with a new, graphical OS that could use the hardware multitasking features of the 386 if it got one, and do without if it didn't. This was Windows 3, and it evolved into Windows 9x. Meanwhile in the background Microsoft frantically worked on turning OS/2 3, the CPU-independent version, into something saleable. OS/2 3 became OS/2 NT became Windows NT and the rest is history. A good, pithy summary. BeOS was a beautiful OS, my favourite ever x86 OS. But the _other_ key thing most people miss is that NeXT also had amazing, industry-beating development tools. Be didn't. Both BeOS and NeXTstep were amazing OSes, but NeXT offered 2 other things as well as a great OS: • best-of-breed dev tools, including Interface Builder • Steve Jobs. No contest, I'm afraid. Even if personally I preferred BeOS. You have most of the details right, but not in the right order. Yes, Apple looked at buying in an OS after Copland failed. But all the stuff about Carbon, Blue Box, Yellow Box, etc. -- all those were NeXT ideas after the merger. None of it was pre-planned. So, they bought NeXTstep, a very weird UNIX with a proprietary, PostScript-based GUI and a rich programming environment with tons of rich foundation classes, all written in Objective C. A totally different API, utterly unlike and unrelated to Classic MacOS. Then they had to decide how to bring these things together. NeXT already offered its OPENSTEP GUI on top of other Unixes. OPENSTEP ran on Sun Solaris and IBM AIX, and I think maybe others I've forgotten. Neither were commercial successes. NeXT had a plan to create a compatibility environment for running NeXT apps on other OSes. The idea was to port the base ObjC classes to the native OS, and use native controls, windows, widgets etc. but to be able to develop your apps in ObjC on NeXTstep using Interface Builder. In the end, only one such OS looked commercially viable: Windows NT. So the plan was to offer a NeXT environment on top of NT. This is what was temporarily Yellow Box and later became Cocoa. Blue Box was a VM running a whole copy of Classic MacOS under NeXTstep, or rather, Rhapsody. In Mac OS X 10.0, Blue Box was renamed the Classic environment and it gained the ability to mix windows with NeXT windows. But there still needed to be a way to port apps from Classic MacOS to Mac OS X. So what Apple did was go through the Classic MacOS API and cut it down, removing all the calls and functions that would not be safe in a pre-emptively multitasking, memory-managed environment. The result was a safe subset of the Classic MacOS API called Carbon, which could be implemented both on Classic MacOS and on the new NeXTstep-based OS. Now there was a transition plan: • your old native apps will still work in a VM • apps written to Carbon can be recompiled for OS X • for the full experience, rewrite or write new apps using the NeXT native API, now renamed Cocoa. • incidentally there was also a rich API for Java apps, too Now there was a plan. Here's how they executed it. 1. Copland was killed. A team looked at if anything could be salvaged. 2. They got to work porting NeXTstep to PowerPC 3. 2 main elements from Copland were extracted: • The Appearance Manager, a theming engine allowing skins for Classic MacOS: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Appearance_Manager • A new improved Finder The new PowerPC-native Finder had some very nice features, many never replicated in OS X... like dockable "drawers" -- drag a folder to a screen edge and it vanished, leaving just a tab, which opens a pop-out draw. Multithreading: start a copy or move and then carry on doing other things. The Appearance Manager was grafted onto NeXTstep, leading to Rhapsody, which became Mac OS X Server: basically NeXTstep on PowerPC with a Classic MacOS skin, so a single menu bar at the top, desktop icons, Apple fonts and things -- but still using the NeXT "Miller columns" Workspace file manager and so on. Apple next released MacOS 8, with the new Appearance control panel and single skin, called Platinum: a marginally-updated classic look and feel. There were never any official others, but some leaked, and a 3rd party tool called Kaleidoscope offered many more. http://basalgangster.macgui.com/RetroMacComputing/The_Long_V... So some improvements, enough to make it a compelling upgrade... And also to kill off the MacOS licensing programme, which only covered MacOS 7. (Because originally 7 had been planned to be replaced with Copland, the real MacOS 8.) MacOS 8 was also the original OS of the first iMac. Then came MacOS 8.1, which also got HFS+, a new, more efficient filesystem for larger multi-gigabyte hard disks. It couldn't boot off it, though (IIRC). MacOS 8.1 was the last release for 680x0 hardware and needed a 68040 Mac. Then came the first PowerPC-only version, MacOS 8.5, which brought in booting from HFS+. Then MacOS 8.6, a bugfix release, mainly. Then MacOS 9, with better-integrated WWW access and some other quite nice features... but all really stalling for time while they worked on what would become Mac OS X. The _paid_ releases were 8.0, 8.5 and 9. 8.1, 8.6, 9.1 and 9.2 were all free updates. In a way they were just trickling out new features, while working on adapting NeXTstep: 1. Rhapsody (Developer Release 1997, DR2 1998) 2. Mac OS X Server (1.0 1999, 1.2 2000) 3. Mac OS X Public Beta (2000) But all of these releases supported Carbon and could run Carbon apps, and PowerPC-native Carbon apps would run natively under OS X without the need for the Classic environment. Finally in 2001, Mac OS X 10.0 "Cheetah". Oh not _this_ again. IT WAS NOT AN INVESTMENT. This is a widely-repeated lie. Gates did not “save” Apple. Microsoft did not “invest” in Apple. Microsoft stole Apple code. Apple sued. The companies settled out of court. The famous US$150M payment from MS to Apple was not an investment. It was punitive damages. Microsoft Video for Windows contained code stolen from Apple QuickTime. The money was MS paying the penalty. Citations: • Stop the lies! The day that Microsoft 'saved' Apple | ZDNet https://www.zdnet.com/article/stop-the-lies-the-day-that-mic... • San Francisco Canyon Company - Wikipedia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/San_Francisco_Canyon_Company Really? Wow. I've often heard that said of C and other curly-braces languages, and of Perl, but rarely of BASIC. Of course, a lot of it is how clearly someone wrote it in the first place. I've seen immaculate Perl, for instance. I don't know Perl and I could still read it. No no no. No! Don't take it from me. Take it from Drew here: https://drewdevault.com/rants/2020/02/18/Fucking-laptops.htm... As he says: > The best laptop ever made is the ThinkPad X200 In these sad deprived days, coding means typing text. For text, you need a good keyboard. And Lenovo made the best keyboards in laptops, later than anyone else... until they went chiclet. As chiclets go, Lenovo's are good, but they're still chiclets and chiclet keyboards are inferior. Trackpads are large, hard to be very accurate, and you accidentally hit them while typing. All you need is a Trackpoint. And if you're some kind of current-kit fetishist, or some poor sucker working in Javascript or worse still some Electron abomination, then you can stick a new motherboard in it for your hideous bloatware to get the CPU cycles it needs to pointlessly burn. https://hackaday.com/2018/03/12/new-guts-make-old-thinkpads-... I think the thing is that an e-ink display isn't a typical display. Linux is an xNix. xNix was written for teletypes: a fundamentally scrolling medium. E-ink does not scroll well. Updating the whole display is bad. It take a long time, it blurs into illegibility, it could even wear out the panel. Compare to the behaviour of 1980s 8-bit machines. Examples: • Sinclair BASIC's knew that scrolling took a long time and was CPU-intensive, and so when it was happening, it was hard to interrupt -- it would be slow anyway, and if you kept polling for an interrupt keystroke it would be slower still. So, when the screen was about to scroll, they prompted: ... scroll? (Y/N) And you could say no. • The Locoscript word-processor for the Amstrad PCW range (maybe the best-selling CP/M machines in history, with millions of units of only about 3 models). LocoScript was one of the most polished 8-bit WPs ever. The programmers knew that trying to move all the text along the screen live when inserting would be painfully slow, so when you went back to add a word, it split the text at that point. The next line was moved down a blank line, and so did not have to update or reformat. If you added more than a line, the text below only had to be scrolled once per line. When you were finished and moved the cursor past the insertion point, it reflowed and redrew the text from then on -- just once. But these are specific niche programs. It's not possible to be so general on Linux because you don't know what program will write what to the screen. The problem is this: What you really want to do with e-ink is to fill the screen, either all at once -- no use for interactivity -- or one character at a time (which is doable), and then when it gets to the end. So how about: a pseudo-terminal that detects when the console is about to scroll, and instead of scrolling, just resets the whole thing, clears the screen, and starts to redraw it again at top left. Continuous output -- e.g. dmesg or catting a file -- would fill the screen, clear it, and redraw, over and over. Full-screen editors would need to be aware of it but there are about a million FOSS text editors out there. This is not beyond the wit of mankind. OK, noted for future reference. Look to the East. I applied for some 3¾ thousand jobs between 2009 (age 42) and 2013. I averaged less than one interview per year and worked 2 months full-time in that period. In 2014 I landed a role in the Czech Republic and have only voluntarily been out of work since. I am nearing the end of a 3 year contract, my 5th role over here. The former Communist bloc seems to have far less ageism than in the West. Rates of pay are lower -- I make maybe ½ what in theory this kind of role would pay in London. On the other hand, the cost of living is about ¼ so it is very much worth it. Personally, no, but you are in the best company: https://www.quora.com/Why-did-John-von-Neumann-work-best-in-... If you fancy a modern take on this environment, RISC OS Pico is the 32-bit ARM version of BBC BASIC on top of the 32-bit ARM version of Acorn MOS: https://www.riscosopen.org/wiki/documentation/show/Software%... Same language, editor, commands, etc. but about 2000x faster. Runs great on a Raspberry Pi Zero, which is $5 and accepts USB peripherals & an HDMI screen. https://www.raspberrypi.org/products/raspberry-pi-zero/ The same code will work but without fighting the weird restrictions of early-1980s hardware. (Even when emulated.) [OP here] 4096 colours. :-) Otherwise, yes, pretty much. I bought a 2nd hand A310 in 1989 and it easily outperformed the fastest machines my employer sold (e.g. the IBM PS/2 Model 70-A21, a blazing 25MHz 80386DX with 64 KB of secondary cache) by a factor of about 8×. Given that the state of the PC OS art at that time was MS-DOS 3.3, which very few people bothered to put Windows 2 on top of, Acorn's RISC OS 2 was astonishingly advanced, too. I really wish someone would pick up and modernize the ROX Desktop -- which is the Acorn RISC OS UI, on top of Linux. http://rox.sourceforge.net/desktop/ It would partner really well with a distro such as GoboLinux or possibly even sta.li. I facilitated a talk at the London RISC OS user group by the lead architect of RO, Paul Fellows: http://www.rougol.jellybaby.net/meetings/2012/PaulFellows/ From what he said about ARX, I suspect not... OP here. For reasons I do not understand, HN seems to have re-titled my submission. The original title is: « Why Wait For Apple? Try Out The Original ARM Desktop Experience Today With A Raspberry Pi Future MacBooks and iMacs are going to be powered using a ARM-based chip, but the Acorn Archimedes was the first desktop to use this architecture » I very slightly edited the 1st line to fit, abbreviating "Raspberry Pi". I submit that it's not just about performance. Both Linux and Windows still take a _lot_ more maintenance than macOS. If you have a room full of creative video artists, who are not techies, then you want them to have maximum productive up-time. You do not want to have to employ a small army of system support techies to keep those boxes running. I used to work on a PC magazine in the West End of London. The mag was about Windows PCs, and was written on Windows PCs, but it was laid out on Macs. I supported both, and the servers and the network. The PC side of things needed more than 10x as much support. That's not materially different even today. Secondly, it's not just about the boxes and their OS. It's also about the apps. A lovely fast sleek Linux distro is no use at all if it doesn't run the apps you need... and if those apps only run on one vendor's kit, or even just run best on that vendor's kit, then that is the kit you buy. OP here. As I commented elsewhere: this is not the title that I submitted to HN, and it's not the title on the target page. Someone edited it and I am not sure why. Only the file manager -- not the whole desktop environment. The desktop manager is called ROX-Session and provides an icon bar, a pinboard and so on as well as the filer windows. [OP/article author here] No, not really. Remember that Windows 1.0 was a primitive sort of tiling window system, because Microsoft was afraid of being sued by Apple and did not dare implement overlapping windows. What you are seeing is a strip of the desktop background, which contains icons representing running programs. The tiling algorithm leaves a strip of "desktop" visible so that you can get to the program icons. This is how you switched between programs. Windows 2 reintroduced tiling windows, but had no desktop icons as such -- again, it was afraid of being too like classic MacOS. This meant that you could rearrange windows, and so see the desktop. That in turn made it clearer that programs minimized to the desktop, as nothing else could be on the desktop. This can be seen clearly if you look at screenshots of the work-in-progress test versions of "Windows Chicago", e.g. https://sites.google.com/site/chicagowin95/index -- this is what was to be Windows 4.0 but was renamed Windows 95. For instance, in this one: https://sites.google.com/site/chicagowin95/index/chicago40 ... you can see some running program's icons sitting _on top of_ the prototype taskbar. There was no separate container for program icons. The taskbar was invented _de novo_ in Windows 95, and subsequent to the invention of the taskbar, icons representing running programs were moved into it. [OP/article author here] You could not pin icons to the taskbar in Windows 98, no. Windows 98 integrated IE4, which contained a feature called "Active Desktop". This was not a Win98 innovation -- if you installed IE4 onto Windows 95 or NT 4, you got the same features. Active Desktop included dockable "toolbars" that could be pinned to the desktop or to any edge of the screen. One of these became part of the taskbar, and was called the "quick launch" bar. It's a separate area for program icons. If you launch an app, you end up with _two_ icons: one in the quick launch bar, _plus_ an icon in the taskbar as well. The Quick Launch toolbar is still present in Windows 10 today, in 2020, and can be turned back on very easily: https://mywindowshub.com/add-quick-launch-toolbar-windows-10... Pinning launcher icons directly to the taskbar was a new feature in Windows 7 and was not possible before that: https://social.technet.microsoft.com/Forums/SharePoint/en-US... [OP/article author here] Yes, that was entirely intentional. :-) I used to be the staff technical writer at PC Pro magazine. Ian Betteridge was a colleague on the staff of our sister magazine, MacUser, for which I also wrote sometimes. We're still in touch today. Sorry about that. I'm on a free account. A good ad-blocker is important. :-( Heh. :-) I aspired to an Amiga as a student in 1986 or so, but by the time I could afford such a thing, I had the option of something much faster... ;-) Ha! My main (non-tech) blog is on there too and it's 18 years old now. I have just been too lazy to move so far. [OP/article author here] Well, that was sort of my point. If you follow the link to the ROUGOL talk on its history, it explains some of the reasons why. It's important to consider that the history of RISC OS has an important commonality with the history of AmigaOS: in both cases, the companies were planning something far more sophisticated and clever -- CAOS for Commodore, ARX for Acorn -- but the projects over-ran and under-delivered. So, they fell back on almost-skunkworks projects that used existing tech to get something good enough out the door when the hardware was ready to ship. In Commodore's case, they used the existing TRIPOS OS, written in BCPL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TRIPOS ... and the existing Rexx language: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rexx The result was AmigaDOS (as it was originally called, before it was renamed to AmigaOS). In Acorn's case, there had already been a 16-bit port of the BBC Micro MOS and BASIC, for the ill-fated Acorn Communicator, based on the same 65C816 CPU as the Apple ][GS: http://chrisacorns.computinghistory.org.uk/Computers/Communi... So Acorn ported its existing OS and language to ARM, and wrote a fairly basic desktop GUI in BASIC. The result was Arthur: https://everything2.com/title/Arthur+OS Once it had shipped, it was finished and renamed RISC OS. Allegedly the name change is because of the Dudley Moore film which had just taken the name "Arthur 2": https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arthur_2:_On_the_Rocks So, yes, it was a hasty, last-minute exercise, based on an outdated core, an early-1980s, single-user, single-tasking command-line OS for a low-end machine -- just like Windows 3 and DOS. On the other hand, it worked and worked very well -- arguably far better than Windows 3, I'd say. [OP/article author here] RISC OS recently changed ownership and it is now fully open-source. The new owners have sponsored an improved version with more bundled software, called RISC OS Direct: https://www.riscosdev.com/direct/ Heh. OK, I concede, I gave in to a tiny trollette there. I've been using *nix professionally since 1989. I work for a Linux vendor. I know my way around. But for the last 25 years, I've mainly worked with Linux. I quite like Linux, although it's getting a bit long in the tooth and bloated these days. But what strikes me every time that I try any of the BSDs is how little they have learned from Linux and what has made Linux so successful. Linux natively uses PC partitioning. BSD doesn't; you have to install into special BSD "disk slices" which must be in a primary partition. (I confess I have not tried on a UEFI box yet. I am sure GPT changes this, but I don't know how.) Linux natively uses the PC keyboard and framebuffer. It adapts to my screen size. It uses colours. BSD doesn't. I still see '80s nonsense like ^H sometimes. Linux usually detects and uses all my hardware. Even on quite recent kit, I've had BSD not recognise my network card, or my wifi adaptor, or whatever. Linux feels like a native OS on PCs and handles PC hardware gracefully. BSD, to me, doesn't - it feels like a 1970s minicomputer OS, reluctantly running on an alien platform. I started out on SCO Xenix 286 on an IBM PC-AT, when that was still fairly modern kit. FreeBSD doesn't feel much more advanced than that, and NetBSD and OpenBSD are worse. That is what I am getting at. There have been multiple efforts to incorporate some of the nice bits of OS X over the years, notably NeXTBSD. They failed completely. It seems to me that the BSD folks don't want nasty new tech. If it worked 50 years ago, it's still good enough. No, I didn't mention it at all, because TBH I didn't think it was relevant -- I was mainly discussing the OS and comparing it to other contemporaneous OSes. Why and how do you think it would have fit? I saw that video. He only came in long after the Archimedes era and he doesn't seem to know anything about it. No Archimedes, no ARM. You have to know your history; ask George Santayana. I would mention that that video was _wildly_ contentious over in the RISC OS world. :-D You may well ask, but you are far, far too late. Red Hat already bought CoreOS in January 2018, some 18 months before IBM bought Red Hat. The question would have been more relevant to either of those. SUSE already has a container offering, CaaS Platform: https://www.suse.com/products/caas-platform/ (Source: I worked on the documentation for v3.) The partly-SUSE-sponsored openSUSE Project also has a container-centric distro, Kubic MicroOS: https://kubic.opensuse.org/ So it is already active in this area, and yes, I agree, there's a good chance that RancherOS will end up merging or even replacing this. • I had a client with a Novell IntraNetware 4.1 network. I did a bargain-basement system upgrade for them. With a local system builder, we took a whole storage closet full of decade-old 386 and 486 desktops and turned them into Cyrix 6x86 166+ clients. The motherboards had integrated graphics and NICs (rare back then), 32MB RAM and a smallish local EIDE hard disk, say 1.2GB. No CD drives, original 14-15" SVGA CRTs. A 2nd Novell server would have been too expensive, so I put in an old Pentium 133 workstation as a fileserver running Caldera OpenLinux with its built-in MARSNWE Netware server emulation. It held CD images of NT 4 Workstation, the latest Service Pack, the latest IE, MS Office 97 and a few other things like printer drivers. Many gigs of stuff, which would have required a new hard disk in the main server, which with Netware would have meant a mandatory RAM upgrade -- Netware 3 & 4 kept disks' FATs in RAM, so the bigger the disk, the more RAM the server needed. On each client, I booted from floppy and installed DOS 6.22. Then I installed the Netware client and copied the NT 4 installation files from the new server. Ran WINNT.EXE and half an hour later it was an NT workstation. Install Office etc. straight off the server. (An advantage of this was that client machines could auto-install any extra bits they needed straight off the server.) For the cost of one fancy Dell server & a NOS licence, I upgraded an entire office to a fleet of fast new PCs. As a bonus, they had no local optical drives for users to install naughty local apps. • Several 486s with PCI USB cards, driving "Manta Ray" USB ADSL modems -- yes, modems -- running Smoothwall, a dedicated Linux firewall distro. http://www.computinghistory.org.uk/det/36102/Alcatel-Stingra... https://www.smoothwall.org/ This was at the end of the 1990s, when 486s were long obsolete, but integrated router/firewalls were still very expensive. Smoothwall also ran a caching Squid proxy server, which really sped up access for corporate users regularly accessing the same stuff. For instance, if all the client machines ran the same version of Windows, say, Windows 2000 Pro, then after the first ran Windows Update, all successive boxes downloaded the updates from the Smoothwall box in seconds. Both far easier and much cheaper than MS Systems Management Server. (And bear in mind, at the turn of the century, fast broadband was 1Mb/s. Most of my clients had 512kb/s.) There was one really hostile, aggressive guy in the Smoothwall team, who single-handedly drove away a lot of people, including me. The last such box I put in ran IPCop instead. http://www.ipcop.org/ After that, though, routers became affordable and a lot easier. Didn't get a single one. uBlock Origin, with cookies warning suppressed. If you want a modern BASIC experience, Risc OS Pico on a RasPi Zero is a very good one. 1GB flat memory space, a blindingly-fast 32-bit structured BASIC with local variables, named procedures, IF...THEN...ELSE and DO loops and so on, and it supports inline ARM assembly. You can enter ARM assembly language directly into your BASIC listing in the same editor, and it will be assembled and run when you type RUN. On a $5 computer. The 994A had amazing potential but TI crippled it too far. What it should have been able to grow into was the Geneve 9640. https://www.ninerpedia.org/wiki/Geneve_9640 I'd love to see an FPGA re-implementation of one of those. This is very interesting. Thanks for the insight. You go into more depth than I've seen before. Have you ever looked at the 65C832? It never made it to production but there are detailed specs and a datasheet; probably enough for someone to implement one on FPGA or something. I'm curious if it would have fixed some of the issues you report. https://downloads.reactivemicro.com/Electronics/CPU/WDC%2065... Er, no. In English, it does not mean anything at all. "Prime" is the analagous English word, I would think, and it is not a superlative. One would not say "that's prime" of something good, impressive, whatever. "Prime" means: ready; in the thing's initial state; available for immediate use. It also has a meaning in maths, but that's not really relevant. Yes, I understood that, but to this native English speaker, the expanded phrase is meaningless. Blogpost author/submitter here. It's a fair point. It is not a blind spot -- I did think about it, but I don't think I have ever owned an Asian-designed computer or used Asian-designed software. Ditto African or Australian, FWIW. I once owned a 2nd-hand Sony Ericsson P910, an early smartphone with the UIQ GUI -- but this was a Symbian device with a Swedish-designed UI. I'm honestly not sure how much input Sony had. And I have a Playstation 2. My tablet is Chinese, by a Chinese company (Chuwi), but it runs an American OS: Android. These are about as close as I can claim, sadly, so I am really not fit to comment or judge. Whereas most of the world's electronics are partly or totally manufactured in Asia, it's mostly by or for American- or European-owned companies. I am aware of many fascinating Japanese computers and similar devices, from the FM Towns to the Pomera e-ink portable word-processors, to the MSX2 and MSX2 Turbo-R computers, which interest me greatly and I'd like to have -- but I don't. The Julia programming language (AIUI, an Indian project) looks fascinating, but I am a poor programmer and old enough to find learning new languages extremely hard -- not something I would do as a leisure activity. So I have never tried it myself. There is no lack of creativity there, certainly. There is a huge amount. It is just that little of it seems to directly influence the world market elsewhere. Why that is the case is a fascinating question that I am ill-equipped to address. (Blogpost author/submitter here.) A small objection: Java came out of Sun, a Californian company. It would seem to me to be as American as Solaris, NeWS, SMF or vi. No? (Blogpost author/submitter here.) It's a fair cop. It was only a blog post, dashed off on the basis of a FB comment that grew overlong. :-) I do not have a coherent thesis that I was expounding; it was merely a passing thought. I find it interesting, though, how the computer market has developed in my lifetime -- I first touched a computer keyboard in about 1981 and owned my own a year later. In the early 1980s there were dozens of different manufacturers of almost-totally different and incompatible systems, and it was quite normal for the larger developed countries to have one or more indigenous computer makers, often with their own architectures. Most used one of a small number of CPUs, yes, and those CPUs were mostly American, yes, but I knew of English, Welsh, French, Spanish, German, Norwegian, and Swedish makes of computer, to pick the first few to come to mind. I'm sure there were many more. Now I live in the former Communist Bloc, I've also learned of hordes of Sinclair clones and other copies of Western home computers that thrived over here, often after they were dead and gone from their homelands. I covet a Didaktik Kompakt. :-) By the 1990s things were starting to consolidate but there was still a lot of variety, and major innovations came from other countries -- as other commenters note, from Denmark, from a Brit at CERN, from a Swedish-speaking Finn, etc. As I said in the piece, I used a Finnish cellphone with a British OS, and so on. But when the world market consolidated down to a handful of companies and technologies, the winners were pretty much all American. The European software luminaries relocated their and often became American. And yes, I think the overall design ethos has changed as a result, and I find that interesting. I have rarely seen it discussed. I often see people bemoaning modern bloatware, but I rarely see analysis of why and how it happened. This was my 2¢ worth on the subject. By all means please do educate me on what I am not seeing. I once saw a British OS, Symbian, used around the world. I saw a Finnish company's phones used around the world. A little British computer maker designed what's still the most popular CPU architecture, ARM, but the company is long dead. I understand many of the world's hard disks come from Thailand and Malaysia -- but from factories owned and run by Western Digital, Seagate, etc. Yes, every country is part of the world market, but the salient point is who manages to break out of their own national market. I am trying to think of Asian companies who make and sell computers or computer-related tech internationally. Samsung, Toshiba, Hitachi... But they run American OSes and use American designs. Sony and Nintendo don't, but then they don't make CPUs or GPUs, do they? Sony's PCs run Windows, like the Japanese laptop vendors' do. When Sony made PDAs, they ran PalmOS; when Sanyo did, they ran Windows CE. American dominance was not so universal just 25y ago. Can we identify what happened? Is this all "worse is better"? So, what tool? Oh yes. This is one of my favourite spin-offs: https://ultibo.org/ I tend to share your thinking on this, although at least one knowledgeable online-imaginary-friend vigorously disagrees with me. I have looked but failed to find a VM image or even images of installable media to build one online. If you know of any, I would like to know -- and if you don't know of any, but have the skills, I think you could do a big service to the OS research community by making and sharing either install media or a VM or both. Oberon. :-) It's the granddaddy of all of them. Overview: http://ignorethecode.net/blog/2009/04/22/oberon/ Academic paper (but highly accessible): https://pdfs.semanticscholar.org/d48b/ecdaf5c3d962e2778f804e... Yes, it's an OS as well as a language although a tiny one that runs under MacOS, Linux and Windows if you want. So does the bare language of the same name. (Think of it as Pascal 3.) The inspiration behind Plan 9's Acme. I always wished that XPostFacto, the tool for installing early versions of Mac OS X on unsupported Macs, supported the Daystars. https://eshop.macsales.com/OSXCenter/XPostFacto/Framework.cf... Early versions ran on some 604E machines. I ran it on a 7600, which later got a G3 card. A quad-processor 604E with 10.2 "Jagwyre" would have been cool AF. Reminds me of Xv6: https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.828/2020/xv6.html And of course there's Fuzix: http://www.fuzix.org There are other such things: • http://morpheus.2f30.org Perhaps, arguably: • https://k1ss.org There were more: • http://web.archive.org/web/20141218065305/http://starchlinux... • http://web.archive.org/web/20150212085658/http://bifrost.slu... ISTM it could have benefited from a mention of Joyent's SmartOS, and also perhaps that Plan 9 addresses a number of these issues. This was the subject of a fascinating talk at FOSDEM in 2018: https://archive.fosdem.org/2018/schedule/event/dosemu_and_fr... The slides are here: https://archive.fosdem.org/2018/schedule/event/dosemu_and_fr... TL;DR summary... The original DOSemu uses the x86-32 V86 mode, as discussed in this HN post today: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=24555689 Essentially, the 386 had a sort of hardware-assisted VM that let it run 8086 OSes under multiple virtual 8086 machines. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virtual_8086_mode The problem is that x86-64 doesn't have this any more. Slightly more info: https://dosemu2.github.io/dosemu2/ So this is basically the equivalent of a non-dedicated Netware 2.x server, then? Netware 2 was an 80286 OS. (DOS was an 8086 OS.) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NetWare#NetWare_286_2.x Normally, Netware took over the whole PC, but if you ran it non-dedicated, it loaded in memory above 1MB (which DOS couldn't use anyway) and then let DOS continue running in a pre-empted box, using the screen and keyboard. So someone could use the console as a DOS PC, while the Netware server ran in the background using the rest of the server's RAM, doing file and print for all the client machines. It worked really well... the main problem was that the user would often turn off the "PC" when they were done. >_ More seriously -- this seems to compare well to the old Locus DOS/Merge product: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Merge_(software) Is there any benefit to DSL [argh, TLA overload, this is not Damn Small Linux] compared to DOSemu? Er, no? WINE _replaces_ Windows completely. Despite the name, it is a sort of emulator, really. DOSemu runs real actual DOS in a kinda-sorta dedicated VM. Ahh yes. You know where you are with Office 364. • linux That's 2 so far. 2.5 if I'm being generous. Do keep going, would you? Both xNix-like. Harvey is Plan 9, which is Unix 2.0. Redox is xNix redone in Rust, I think because they've never seen anything that isn't xNix. Did you read the blog post? (I wrote it, BTW.) That is more or less what I was arguing for, you see. [Author here] OK, I will give you that one. :-) But they are at least related concepts, no? [Author here] I have RISC OS running on a Pi, and it's not the first one I've had, either. https://twitter.com/lproven/status/1310304554395860996 http://blog.tynemouthsoftware.co.uk/2015/12/day-8-zx-spectru... I don't just make this stuff up, you know. :-) I still have my A305, too, and an A5000 as well. [Author here] "Progress, far from consisting in change, depends on retentiveness. When change is absolute there remains no being to improve and no direction is set for possible improvement: and when experience is not retained, as among savages, infancy is perpetual. Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it." -- George Santayana (The Life of Reason: The Phases of Human Progress) Unix is Unix is Unix. Compared to the diversity that is out there even now, and far more so, to that which _was_ out there 25y ago, all Unixes are the same OS, yes. They are all one because the differences between them are trivial compared to their similarities. It doesn't matter if the kernel is monolithic or modular, or if the filesystem is case-preserving but not case-sensitive (NT, macOS). These are hidden technical details. But most people now have only SEEN Unix and nothing else, so they think that these trivial implementation details -- like what is the default shell, or where are libraries kept -- are important differences. They aren't. They're unimportant decorative details. When I talk about diversity, let's talk about some real non-xNix OSes I have owned, used, and worked with. Assumption: shells Imagine an OS with no shell. No command line at all. Shells are not a given. The idea of typing commands in text at a keyboard, hitting Return to send it for evaluation, getting an answer back, and acting according to that: that is an assumption, and it is one that came from 1960s mainframes. The slightly more subtle idea that your input is sent character by character, and changing those can interrupt this -- e.g. Ctrl+C to cancel -- that's an assumption, too. It's from 1970s minicomputers, and indeed, the modern version is from one specific company's range: the Digital Equipment Corporation PDP series. The "enhanced" keyboard layout? Not IBM: DEC. The 6-dot-3 then 8-dot-3 letter filename thing? DEC. Filename plus extension at all? DEC. Alternatives: classic MacOS. Atari TOS/GEM. ETH Oberon. Apple NewtonOS. Psion EPOC16 and EPOC32. Assumption: configuration held in text files Config files are an assumption. I have used multiple OSes with no config files at all, anywhere. Not hidden: nonexistent. The idea of keeping config in the filesystem is an artifact of one design school. Other alternatives to it have included: - a single global database, part of the OS, not visible in the filesystem at all. - multiple databases, implemented as different parts of the OS design. One inside the kernel, one inside the filesystem structures of the OS. - per-app databases, managed by OS APIs. So you don't write files or choose a format: you call the OS and give it things to store, or ask it what's there. The upshot of these latter two kinds of design is that you get facilities like connecting a storage medium to the computer, and all its programs and data are instantly accessible to the user -- in menus, as associations, whatever. And when you eject a medium, it all neatly disappears again, reverting to previous values where appropriate. Best example: classic MacOS. Assumption: there is a filesystem. This is an integrated indexing system that stores data in blocks of auxiliary storage, where they can be found by name, and the OS will read data from them into RAM. Filesystems are an assumption. Hierarchical filesystems are a bigger one. Alternatives: All data is in primary storage (IBM OS/400, AKA IBM i.) Or, media can contain databases, managed by the OS but not accessible by name (Apple NewtonOS). Or, the primary storage is objects in RAM, and saving to disk is accomplished by snap-shotting entire system state to auxiliary storage. (Example: Xerox Smalltalk.) Or, the primary storage is lists of values in RAM, and as above, disks are mainly used for import/export and for holding state snapshots. (Example: Lisp machines.) When you take a long view, in historical context -- not the narrow parochial one of the last decade or two -- then yes, these are all different implementations of near-identical Unix systems. You've seen one Unix, you've seen 'em all. What we have today is a biculture: various flavours of Unix, and NT. That's it nothing else. There used to be a verdant, rich forest here. Now, there is just a plantation, with fruit trees and pine trees. You're pointing at apple trees and pear trees and saying "look, they're different!" And at plums (and cherries and damsons and peaches) and oranges (and lemons and grapefruit and limes). Well, yes they are, a little bit. But look deeper, and there are hard fruit, stone fruit, citrus fruit, nuts. But all deciduous broadleafed hardwoods. There used to be creepers and vines and lianas and rattan, and grasses and orchids and bromeliads and ferns, and giant herbs, and little parasitic things, some with vast flowers, and mosses and lichens and liverworts. There was a forest, and it's gone, and no, you cannot persuade me that a neat tidy little orchard with a handful of fruit trees is the same thing. It's an implementation detail of one type of OS. I am interested in the bigger picture. See my FOSDEM talk for more: https://liam-on-linux.livejournal.com/69099.html So I have been informed, in some detail, over on Lobste.rs. I am glad to hear it. I like this little OS and I want to see it survive! I think perhaps you mean install Ubuntu Server or use the netinstall ISO? When I read this piece, apart from the generally terrible writing, the poor spelling and grammar, I initially wondered if it was a spoof from GPT-3 or some other bot. When I decided it wasn't, I checked the dateline, as it seemed likely to have been written a decade or so ago. Jeez, that's quite a list. There are other, simpler ways of doing a lot of that stuff. If you want accented characters, enable the Compose key. E.g. https://www.setphaserstostun.org/posts/setting-the-compose-k... If you want Mac-style keystrokes, try Kinto: https://github.com/rbreaves/kinto But there are other ways: https://medium.com/@petrstepanov/a-macos-like-keyboard-remap... Me, I use old Apple mechanical keyboards on my Macs, and IBM mechanical keyboards on my PCs. The different feel engages different muscle memory, and I use Cmd-C etc on macOS and Ctrl-C on Linux without thinking about it. For terminal emulators, use Ctrl+Shift+C etc. I personally find this a much simpler solution, but YMMV. If you want an easier life, dump GNOME. I've tried every blasted desktop out there and XFCE makes my life easier and happier than any of them. This is interesting -- I've seen many references and discussions of this, but this is the original that they were talking about. Thanks for the link. So, stupid question: Given that [1] one of the problems of moving Emacs to Common Lisp is that RMS & the FSF wouldn't cooperate and [2] the difficulty with this led Lucid to fork Emacs into XEmacs, which is still out there and updated in the SXMacs fork ( http://www.sxemacs.org/ ) then [3] How about porting XEmacs or SXEmacs to CL instead? In case you did not know, Microsoft used to offer Internet Explorer on Sun Solaris & HP-UX, back in the days before Linux was so big. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_Explorer_for_UNIX Yup. AsciiDoc was implemented in Python. AIUI, the project got neglected or abandoned, so someone re-implemented it in Ruby to create AsciiDoctor -- same markup, different rendering engine. Some like it, some don't. I don't mind working with it, but I haven't used it in anger. It seems pretty good. It's richer and more expressive than Markdown, which is feeble and that's resulted in multiple subtly-different, incompatible implementations. It compares with RST -- ReStructured Text, another lightweight, human-readable plain-text markup format that's used in several places. The advantage of ADoc is that its model maps onto that of DocBook, so it's possible to render ADoc into DocBook and then use it with established DocBook toolchains. I mostly work in DocBook, but I don't like it much. I personally find raw XML horribly wordy and it took me a long time -- at least months -- to learn to read it or write it fairly easily and fluidly. ADoc you can learn in an afternoon and the source remains perfectly naked-eye readable. The arguable weakness is that because DocBook is a tightly-specified format, you can formally validate a DocBook document. You know it will work and render to something, even if what comes out isn't quite what you wanted. Whereas you can't verify an ADoc document. It's possible to write something that looks fine but isn't and which might produce wildly different output from what you intended. You just can't formally tell (i.e. in software) if it's going to work or not: anything will work and produce _something_. An advantage for humans, but a big snag if you're trying to automate making PDFs or e-books or something from it. In most cases, if you're using some form of continuous integration or something, it's preferable that it will stop with an error and tell you than for it to churn out something totally bogus. Interesting. I have most of this and various toolchains installed as standard on my work boxes, so for me, for instance, to get a preview pain in Atom, I just added 2 packages and the Atom module and it worked. For Pandoc, even less -- I just installed Pandoc and bingo, I could convert to/from. I feel sure that there must be some happy medium somewhere between the skeletal marked-up text formats of RST, ADoc and Markdown and the excessive complexity of (say) DocBook, but I don't know what it is, and if it exists, it might not be FOSS. I used to do a lot of writing and editing for Wikipedia (before someone unjustly accused me of vandalism, and a couple of my bigger pieces were deleted -- after that, sod them, I just do minor copy-edits) and I was happier with MediaWiki markup, but I guess it's not very intuitive. The professional FOSS documentation tools I've worked with are at one extreme -- the "Docs as Code" philosophy that holds that embracing programmers' tools such as Git and various programmers' editors mean getting a lot of power for little investment. https://www.docslikecode.com/ The other extreme are powerful proprietary tools, often on Windows, such as MadCap Flare, which I haven't worked with. I reckon there is space in the middle for something like Wikipedia with versioning and branches, but nobody's inclined to invest in the R&D. There are tools, they work, so why should they? This. It's been MICROS~1's primary tactic against competitors for at least 1/3 of a century now and nothing has changed: now the company just _says_ it likes FOSS. Does Windows set up dual-boot if Linux is installed first? Naw. Does Windows read or write Linux filesystems? Naw. Has MS open-sourced any significant or important parts of Windows where it won't benefit directly? Naw. It is in MS' direct interests if PowerShell or .NET are supported on other platforms; it makes them more credible tools. Did we get source for Explorer or anything? Naw. Calculator. Big fat hairy deal. Has MS open-sourced any obsolete products that might actually be of use or interest, such as the final versions of MS-DOS (25 years old) or Windows 9x? Naw. They contain things like Explorer and so on that are still used. Can't go actually _helping_ people. It's all marketing flim-flam. Don't believe the hype. Linux is doing great on phones and servers and so on. On the desktop, only ChromeOS is not a rounding error. So, if MS can embrace-and-extend the Linux desktop, and make Win10 a better desktop Linux than Linux, then it helps MS and it helps Win10. And with what it learns from that, it can apply to WSL in the datacentre and on Azure, where it can make Windows Server a better Kubernetes than Kubernetes. Which, let's face it, would not be all that hard. This is _precisely_ the sort of thought the company wishes to cultivate: * That they don't care about Free Software (they do, it is a hated enemy). * That they are ignoring the FOSS world (they're watching it closely and working out how to stealthily attack it). * That they'll play nice and so should be welcomed (they are a merciless enemy to be constantly wary of). In other words, their marketing team's message of "we've changed, we're nice and friendly now, trust us" is working perfectly. This is the motive, as someone cited before me: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Embrace,_extend,_and_extinguis... I was merely agreeing. Look at MS' history. It used this tactic to kill or maim a long list of companies: Netscape, Lotus, WordPerfect, Aldus, Novell, Sybase, STAC, Central Point Software, Quarterdeck, and dozens more. It tried it with Sun and Java -- it failed, but only just. It tried it with the WWW itself with ActiveX and IIS ASP. Again, this only just failed. It has a long long history of being the nastiest, most deceitful, dishonest, back-stabbing company in the computer industry -- and that is saying a lot. It is not a coincidence that Gates became the richest man in the world. Cory Doctorow's Twitter summary is pretty good (short thread): https://twitter.com/doctorow/status/1304811968398729218 The LA Times did a great investigative piece on the Bill & Melinda Gates foundation _thirteen years ago_: https://www.latimes.com/archives/la-xpm-2007-jan-07-na-gates... TL;DR -- it spends just enough money that Gates & Buffett don't pay tax on the interest of their wealth; it does not do ethical investment of any kind; its objective is whitewashing the reputation of a retired criminal, in which it is very successful. I have yet to see any evidence that the company culture that Gates created and Ballmer continued has changed in any substantive way. Well done for signally failing to get a single point I made. Well up to HN commenter standards -- perhaps you'll make it on to https://twitter.com/hn_commenter I am typing on Linux right now. I work for a Linux vendor. I like Linux and use it every day. I do not run Windows at all, anywhere, unless someone is paying me to. As for Android, there is this thing called AOSP. Check it out. You might also wish to contribute to Replicant, since you are so passionate: https://replicant.us/ If you look hard enough on Google, you can probably find my (rather positive) reviews of Linspire from back when it was new. (It wasn't as good as Corel LinuxOS.) You'll also find me praising Ubuntu's efforts and bemoaning their cancellation. Linux is anything but small; it is huge. It is what allows me to keep the lights on and put food and drink on my family's table. MS executing its hallmark embrace-and-extend on it is _disastrous_ news and is one of the biggest dangers Linux has ever faced. Don't shoot the messenger. Do you genuinely believe that you are refuting my arguments here? My points are not complicated or difficult, and your responses are facile. Linux is strong on servers and phones. This is, in part, because you can deploy tens of thousands of servers (and tear them down again) at very little cost, and Google gives Android away. No software licensing. Being cheap to do means not much money goes into Linux development as a result. Google is doing it to weaken Apple. Always follow the money. Windows still dominates desktops. This makes MS money. Not from Windows, but what goes on top: Office and Exchange and Server licences. Evidence: MS gave Win10 away for free in order to get it established. If Linux development slows and stabilises, then it will be easier to run Linux binaries on other OSes that merely emulate Linux. (Examples: WSL, FreeBSD Linuxulator, Joyent SmartOS.) If MS manages to make WSL a better Linux than Linux, then it strengthens the market for Windows running Linux workloads, which weakens Linux. There are multiple markets here. You have to consider all of them and their interactions. No, E&E is _not_ about standards and protocols. It is about money. Netscape was free for non-commercial use. In business, you had to pay. Also, Netscape sold one of the leading web servers. That is how Netscape made money. MS made IE free, but free is no good if the product isn't as good. So it built IE into Windows, and IIS into Windows Server, and gave them away for free, including upgrades. To make them desirable, it added some snazzy interactive stuff in the form of ActiveX (client-side) and ASP (server-side). Result: Netscape couldn't sell its pro products any more and went broke. Ubuntu is big on servers because Ubuntu is a good desktop, and when it came out, the other decent desktops -- e.g. SUSE -- cost money. Ubuntu took their market share but didn't make any money. Within a decade, most young techies knew Ubuntu first so they chose it for server stuff too, and servers make Ubuntu money. Ditto Red Hat and SUSE (now). Give the desktop away for free, make money on servers. Follow the money. If Windows can do that better, nobody will bother with Linux. The money goes to MS instead, then RH & SUSE & Ubuntu will die, and I will be out of a job. It is not about standards. It is about money. The reason MS didn't have to do this stuff in the last decade or 2 is because it has already killed all its opponents. Name another big desktop app vendor will hundreds of millions of seats. Name another industry-leading groupware system. The last big dominant rival MS took down was Nokia's phones operation, but it mainly succeeded there because Google and Apple accidentally helped: Evidence: MS doesn't make phones any more. It derailed the #1 smartphone vendor's own OS efforts and planted an MS exec in charge so that vendor used exclusively MS phone OSes, but it wasn't good enough. The OS failed and the vendor left the market. Apple is in a different market. Apple sells hardware. Its OSes are free. It also makes a cut on content for those devices. Character attacks? Have you bothered to read any of the links I have supplied to support my argument? Yes, that's all fair. I know why the WinPhone fiasco happened: they, very reasonably, wanted to get everything on an NT base. WinPhone 7 was WinCE, WinPhone 8 was NT. I don't think they realised how many people used WinPhone 7 and were happy with it. Over here in Czechia, Windows phones were the main smartphones I saw when I moved here in 2014 -- Android and iOS were very rare, because they were very expensive. Windows phones were the affordable way to get a smartphone -- there were a lot of candybar dumbphones still around here in 5-6 years ago. I don't think dodging antitrust was luck, though. I think the US was afraid to kill or even maim one of its very few big success stories, one of the only ones that _wasn't_ being outcompeted by Asian or European companies. Since then, MS has lost some big battles -- notably, phones and tablets -- and it's learned to be conciliatory and how to appear friendly to people too young to remember the viciously rapacious 1990s MS. My point is, I still think it is just play-acting friendly. This is the null hypothesis: same company, same people, same structure, and therefore, same business practices. It just got burned a few times so now it wants to come over as a reformed character. I was commissioned to write an admin guide to Ubuntu Server a decade or so back. It didn't happen in the end, for various reasons, but it taught me one thing -- books don't make a lot of money, unless they're bestsellers, or you write very fast and you don't need to spend a long time on research. So, my ideas are a low priority. Saying that... I did two well-received talks at FOSDEM in 2018 and 2020. I'd like to develop those ideas into a biased, directed history of the development of modern computers. There are many works talking about the history of computing, but few are sufficiently analytical. They might dissect why one company or product or technology succeeded or failed, but few look at the entire field analytically. I'd like to fix that. A friend suggested a great idea: what he described as "a book that does for climate change what _the Selfish Gene_ did for Darwinian evolution." That needs to be done. I'd also like to do a fun guide to critical thinking, presented in a jokey way that makes it fun and approachable. All I need is someone to pay for them... It figures that this has got little attention. Nobody remembers their history now. This is the first direct linear ancestor of all of x86... :-) You're welcome. I left a comment on your project a year or 2 ago, seeking clarification what it was or did -- I did not understand from your original description. I hope that this was more helpful! I'm happy with my way, but if I may say, the desktop which really needs this kind of tool is GNUstep. http://www.gnustep.org/ There's a new GNUstep-based OS called LIVEstep, based on FuryBSD: https://github.com/probonopd/LIVEstep At present, GNUstep uses Alt instead of the Mac's Cmd, leading to weird keystrokes which are neither Mac-ish nor Windows/Linux-ish. It's a mess. Actually came here to post that verse, and found threads * about Vernor Vinge instead, then that someone else beat me to it. Score. ----- * threads... silk... web... SWIDT? This is why Sir Clive Sinclair's second computer company invented the Z88: https://oldcomputers.net/cambridge-z88.html https://www.old-computers.com/museum/computer.asp?st=1&c=279 https://www.obsoletecomputermuseum.org/z88/ I have one, and it's a lovely machine. An 8-bit but it can take a meg or so of RAM and a few megs of storage. Unfortunately, on unique, proprietary memory cards. I would adore a modern version, say running text-only Linux on a RasPi Zero W. No hinge, letterbox mono screen, and a couple of CF or full-size SD slots... The keyboard template itself was a physical copy-protection measure. So people photocopied them... but they were colour-coded, and you had to faff around cutting it out, sellotaping it together, sticking it to cardboard, trimming it to fit... So many programs came with function-key templates that some 3rd parties sold little spiral-bound books that sat on the template platform, and you could flip through to the one you needed. There is a case for it in this article, by the author of the site in the root post. https://www.nybooks.com/daily/2014/10/21/escape-microsoft-wo... Yes. It was an option: it had the classic text mode, same as ever and very fast, or an optional WYSIWYG graphical mode. I have it running on bare metal on PC DOS 7.1 (not 7.01, 7.1, the last ever version of DOS, with FAT32 and LBA support). On a Core 2 Duo it is very fast in graphics mode, and quite usable. Who needs a VM? I run it on WINE on Ubuntu. It works perfectly, including installing the service releases. Formatted cut/paste works, I can directly browse my Linux filesystem, it launches in seconds, is blisteringly quick and takes very little RAM. The only things I can't do are middle-click to paste, and use my Compose key. If you don't do them, you won't even notice it's not a native app. What? You couldn't, you know. Look at existing cloning efforts, like WordTsar. Years of work and they're not even really close yet. Secondly, its virtues are its blinding speed, small size and simplicity. All modern software is the reverse of that, especially the abominations of Electron apps. Thirdly, your clone couldn't be very close, as WordPerfect is alive and well and owned by Corel. Make it too close and they'll sue. It really wouldn't. The entire point of this exercise is that it is tiny and blindingly fast. Running it inside a bloated whole-system emulator, in a bloated failure-prone semi-interpreted language, inside a bloated failure-prone app like any modern web browser, is like proposing replacing a bicycle with a shipping container containing an exercise bike, with a VR headset, mounted on the back of a flatbed articulated truck. Which has a broken gearbox and no tyres and can only scrape screaming and skidding along the road, enveloped in flames and smoke. I hear this justification a lot. It's not really true: it's generalising a simple point until it no longer holds. Yes, all software is complex and fallible. But not all software is equal. If you strip away half a dozen layers of indirection and translation, and replace gigs of code with hundreds of kilobytes of it, then there are dramatic differences. In performance, in reliability, in robustness, in maintainability, in safety. WordPerfect for DOS, like all DOS apps, had to run in under 640 KB of usable memory -- 2/3 of a meg -- and it shared that with the OS. However, that OS went through 20 years of development and polishing and it was very solid at the end. WordPerfect ran on about a dozen different OSes and CPUs, and as such it was very clean, exceptionally thoroughly tested and debugged software. When you have a honed, polished single-function app -- a word processor and nothing else -- that runs in 200-300KB of memory, that can perform well on an 8MHz CPU, running on a 30-40KB OS that runs well on kit half that speed, and you run it on 21st century hardware, the result achieves a level of performance that is literally impossible with any 21st century OS with all its multitasking and multithreading and millions of lines of poorly-integrated code. Do you know, I believe I have a copy in a box somewhere, never installed. I've never managed to get eComStation onto real hardware yet, and I don't really fancy trying to get Warp Server 4.51 onto a 21st century computer. I was a big OS/2 fan from about 1991-1995, but I'm afraid I defected over to the betas of Windows "Chicago" after the OS/2 2.1 update stopped working with most of my hardware that had been fine on 2.0. It was slow then. It's not now, not on even a decade-old PC. But TBH, the text mode just works, and you can readily tweak DOS on a modern SVGA screen to display 132*50 text or something like that. I know I'm a heretic for saying it, but I still like MS Word for DOS. It even shows me bold, underline and italics right there on the text screen, rather than making me guess colours like WordPerfect always did. This tweet shows what I mean elegantly: https://twitter.com/taviso/status/1303841149421891584 Contrast with Word 6: https://winworldpc.com/screenshot/c3a2c2b3-c2a2-c692-2615-11... It was a genuinely great OS in its time. OS/2 2.0 was released in the same month as Windows 3.1. In that era, it was so much better, it was embarrassing. (Linux 1.0 would not be released for another 2 years yet, and v1.0 of native BSD on x86 -- BSD/OS from BSDi, i.e. still commercial -- for another whole year. Yes, it was possible to run pre-1.0 versions of both -- BSD/OS 0.3 came out in April 1992 as well -- but pre-1.0 Linux was very sketchy and very hard work.) If IBM had let Microsoft make OS/2 1 a 386 OS (x86-32) instead of a 286 OS, the IT world would have turned out very differently. An OS/2 1.x in 1987 that could multitask DOS apps would have been a big hit. I suspect Windows 3, FreeBSD etc. and Linux would never have happened. Perhaps the GNU Project would have adopted the BSD-Lite kernel, as it did evaluate but foolishly discarded. But saying that, OS/2 2 was still a 1980s-style OS, a nightmare of vast config files, special drivers that cost money and came on floppy via international post, building custom modified boot floppies so your hard disk or CD drive controller would be recognised and real major pain. The desktop was very powerful but very weird and kinda clunky. It's no coincidence that nobody has ever re-implemented the OS/2 Workplace Shell on Linux. Lots of other 1980s OSes -- Acorn's RISC OS; Classic MacOS; AmigaOS; NeXTstep; CDE; yep, all of those exist or existed. WPS? Yeah, no thanks. PCs would not be able to boot from CDs in a standardised cross-OS way for years to come at this time. Indeed PCs didn't even have a standardised connector for attaching CD-ROMs yet. ATAPI would not be standardised for 6 more years. IDE was for hard disks and nothing else, and even EIDE had not yet appeared. CD-ROMs attached via SCSI (expensive, non-standardised) or on one of 3 or 4 different, nonstandard sound card interfaces (Sony, Mitsumi, Panasonic etc., all different and incompatible). When NT 3.1 finally appeared, MS had a superb idea: copy the files from floppy or CD onto a DOS FAT partition -- FAT16 only, of course, FAT32 hadn't been invented yet -- and then run a DOS setup program. (This also worked fine for all versions of Win9x, incidentally.) DOS compatibility was relatively easy, thanks to the PC BIOS, which 32-bit OSes couldn't use. Anything would boot DOS off a floppy, and getting CD-ROM extensions or a simple network stack running was easy, especially if you didn't care how much RAM was left over. With a default configuration, you might not have enough memory left over to run any apps, but that didn't matter if all you needed was to copy some files. So, boot DOS, partition the disk with a small C drive for DOS and the NT installation files. Copy the files on there, boot off the hard disk with no config files at all and run SETUP. It then created the big partition for NT, and in it, built a skeletal copy of the OS to install the rest. Then it installed a bootloader and rebooted the PC. You got a dual-boot menu, picked NT and continued. This eliminated all the fooling around with making boot media with all the drivers you needed. It was much, much easier and quicker. I provisioned a whole network of client PCs this way once: no CD drives, just DOS and the Novell Netware client. They fetched the NT install files from the fileserver, and NT bootstrapped itself from there. OS/2 never used this, which was very short-sighted of IBM -- I mean, OS/2 is more closely-related to MS-DOS than NT is. It's perfectly possible to compile DOS apps that can run natively on both MS-DOS, OS/2 1.x (16-bit) and OS/2 2.x (32-bit). They're called "family apps". The Setup program could have been a family app, but nooooooo. You could install from HD to HD, but you had to boot into OS/2 to start the installation -- meaning that you had to edit the CONFIG.SYS file to tell it where to find the HD copy of the installation files. Could it automatically find them itself? Naw. Could you browse to it? Naw. What would you want to do that for? I bought OS/2 2.1 as well, and most of my 2.0 drivers stopped working. I lost SVGA mode and I lost my sound card. At that point, I tried the beta of Windows "Chicago" (Windows 4.0, later renamed Windows 95) and it was amazing. It auto-detected my hardware, like magic. I got SVGA mode back, I got sound back, I got long filenames on FAT, and I even got a peer-to-peer network with my flatmate's machine over a Laplink parallel cable. (Networking was an extra-cost addition for OS/2, and later a more expensive special edition, "Warp Connect".) OS/2 2's multitasking was great, but the OS wasn't all that stable. It was easy to have it running fine but you were locked out, because the input subsystem had crashed. (No networking, so no way to `ssh` in.) Large parts of OS/2 2 were still 16-bit code, too. Win95's multitasking was as good, and while stability wasn't great, it was at least as good. It had vastly better compatibility with DOS and Windows 3.x drivers and apps. I defected to the Microsoft camp and never returned. The bloated Win XP was the final straw and made me defect to Linux and Mac OS X on an old, cast-off, free PowerMac, thanks to XPostFacto. > I use Wine too, for things like Netscape, Mosaic, etc. OK. I used to do that for IE but I haven't needed it in about a decade. > Microsoft apps run much better in a VM in my experience, because of how tightly > coupled their development was with WinAPI. Some do. Not all. WINE is also impressively good now. > I already need a VM for IE, which definitely does not work right in Wine for me That, I certainly believe. > so why not Office too. A whole bunch of reasons. [1] No need for a Windows licence; [2] Speed of startup; [3] Much lower resource usage; [4] Better integration with the host OS; [5] No need to maintain a copy of Windows inside a VM with updates; [6] No vulnerabilities in the host OS because there isn't one; [7] Windows that freely mix with native windows, not in a single seamless plane for all of them. I'm sure I could come up with more given more than a minute's thought. :-) You do you. A decade or so back, I finally got a machine powerful enough to usefully run a VM or 2 without killing foreground performance. I figured I wanted the lightest-weight version of Windows that would do what I needed, so I tried a bunch: Win95B, Win98SE, NT 3.51, NT 4, Win2K, XP. 9x was eliminated straight away: it could only do 640*480 and didn't have good enough networking to get anything in or out. NT 3/4 were about as limited but could do better networking. W2K worked well but couldn't run the VirtualBox guest additions. So I ended up with TinyXP, which ran in 40MB off the ISO image (although more like 220MB once fully-updated). There's no point for me having my word-processor in a sealed box. I need to get files in and out. I want to be able to put stuff in Dropbox. I want to be able to get it in and out of LibreOffice and Gmail. I want to start in a Linux text editor, add some info in LibreOffice, save as .DOC and open it in Word to work on the structure. I want to be able to copy the name of the speaker, the talk, the time and subject and paste them direct from my browser into my notes. It's host integration that means this isn't a toy for the sake of the thing. If I wanted that, I could run Wordsworth under UAE, or Word 5.1 under System 7 in Basilisk. This is a tool to get work done. For that, I want the host environment to be as invisible as possible. If you don't, well, fine. But your choices would be useless for me. It is _A Fire Upon the Deep_ and the interplanetary Usenet is a core plot point, IMHO. That's OS-9, with a hyphen: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OS-9 Not to be confused with the IBM family of OSes with a slash, notably OS/2 but also including OS/390 and OS/400. This is true, but the concept was taken further in the Oberon operating system, which has a design goal of never asking the user questions at any point. I think they are, but OTOH I think that's acceptably safe when it's a single-user, client-side-only OS written in a rigorously bounds-checked, type-safe language. I suspect that the obsession with process isolation in xNix reflects its origins: as a terminal-based multi-user OS written in perhaps the least-safe high-level language ever developed, one in which it is necessary to deploy terrible techniques such as pointer arithmetic just to get anything done at all. How come nobody ever even mentions that these so-called reproduction Model F keyboards have a totally different layout? Where are my side-positioned function keys? There are multiple issues with pointer arithmetic and it is widely regarded as one of the weakest, most failure-prone points in the C language. Some discussion: https://www.cs.swarthmore.edu/~richardw/classes/cs31/s18/off... http://web.cse.ohio-state.edu/~reeves.92/CSE2421au12/SlidesD... :-D You know that Apple used to do servers, right? It did dedicated servers way back in the Classic era: • http://www.erik.co.uk/ans/ • https://lowendmac.com/tag/apple-workgroup-server/ • https://everymac.com/systems/apple/network_server/index-netw... Then it introduced sleek new 1U ones in the PowerPC G4 era: • https://lowendmac.com/2002/xserve-g4-mid-2002/ • https://lowendmac.com/2003/xserve-g4-early-2003/ These got replaced by G5 models: • https://lowendmac.com/2004/xserve-g5-early-2004/ • https://lowendmac.com/2005/xserve-g5-early-2005/ Then Intel Xeon models: • https://lowendmac.com/2006/xserve-xeon-late-2006/ • https://lowendmac.com/2008/xserve-xeon-early-2008/ • https://lowendmac.com/2009/xserve-nehalem-mid-2009/ It also did a very impressive dedicated RAID box for the XServe: • https://everymac.com/systems/apple/xserve/specs/xserve_raid.... So it is very much not new to the server market. The problem is that although Mac OS X Server was an excellent product in a lot of ways, and offered unlimited user licenses before it was discounted, it still didn't sell well. It's a bunch of good, professional GUI admin tools on top of a lot of FOSS Unix server tools. The same tools run on Linux on COTS kit, and cost nothing, if you know how to run them. So, yes, Apple could. But there are already ARM servers out there. You can buy them straight off the shelf: https://www.gigabyte.com/ARM-Server https://www.bamboosystems.io/ This being so, it's hard to see how Apple could compete, when its OS X server efforts all ultimately failed and were discontinued, leaving only the software: https://apps.apple.com/us/app/os-x-server/id883878097 [Article author] Thanks for the clarification! Somewhat, yes. I ran Win2K in 40MB on a 486 -- I was impressed that that worked at all. XP needs Pentium instructions, though, I believe. All the versions of Windows I've seen will run in lower than the stated minimum amount of RAM. Windows 3.0 needed 2MB for Standard Mode and 4MB for 386 Enhanced Mode, but you could force it to start in either in 1MB. Often, they will not _install_ in less than the minimum, but once installed with more, you can reduce the amount, and they will boot and run. My home fileserver in the mid-1990s was an IBM PS/2 with 12MB, running NT Server 3.51. When XP was new, I think the recommendation was 128MB, in which it ran poorly. 256MB was OK, 384 usable for light use, 512MB good. My laptop maxed out at 192MB. :-( This is the best single-page intro I've seen: http://ignorethecode.net/blog/2009/04/22/oberon/ Can it be summarised? No. Can it be described? Well, this is how I did it in a tweet, and the author like it and thanked me. « Fascinating, very long essay which starts with a discussion of text editors, wanders through software development models & the issues of modernising very old software, & turns into a discussion of intelligence, language & computing. » There is an active project to document Oberon (both language and OS, in its various versions) on Wikibooks: https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Oberon I personally am intermittently working on the Wikipedia articles for Oberon (language and OS) and Bluebottle OS. Contributions, links etc. very welcome. The various Oberon projects are on Github. E.g. https://github.com/andreaspirklbauer https://github.com/metacore > now that ICQ and AIM are dead ICQ is alive and well, and has native clients for most modern OSes. https://icq.com/ It got bought out and spun off when AOL were shutting down. The closest thing that I am aware of was Symbolics OpenGenera. Symbolics (who owned the first ever .com domain on the Internet) made Lisp Machines -- high-powered personal workstations whose entire OS was written in Lisp, right down to the lowest-level code. They used special proprietary processors which executed a sort of Lisp-like bytecode, enabling Lisp to be compiled down into something that ran directly on the metal -- using lists instead of the C model of bytes, words and pointers. This is the where what is now called the "Windows key" came from: the Lisp Machine's Meta key. That's why Emacs still calls it "meta". Emacs was the native editor of these OSes. The company devoted a lot of R&D into processor development over the years, moving from arrays of chips to single large chips to smaller chips. Their last hardware was an add-in board that fitted into 680x0 Macintosh computers and ran the Lisp machine's Genera OS in a Classic MacOS window. The code was actually executing on its own hardware in its own separate dedicated RAM and just used the Mac as a display, storage controller and network interface. After this, the company was unable to keep up with the speed of simpler CPUs that used the C style of design. Symbolics response was to port their OS to run on the most advanced RISC chip of the time: DEC's Alpha processor, the first 64-bit RISC chip. Symbolics wrote an interpreter for their Lispy bytecode that ran on the Alpha, enabling what was now called OpenGenera to execute as a program under DEC's OSF/1-based UNIX, later called Tru64. This interpreter was extremely fast because it was implemented to fit entirely into the Alpha's L1 cache -- 8kB each for Instructions and Data. An 8kB runtime meant that it never got flushed while you were running Lisp code. Fascinating. The problem is far more rife than I realised... https://www.sciencemag.org/news/2018/10/what-massive-databas... https://retractionwatch.com/2014/05/15/which-countries-have-... What on Earth is the point of this? It seems like such a trivial exercise. No labels? Only Zone 1? No option to zoom out or pan around, which might have made for some interesting code and explanations thereof. [Author of the piece here] Thanks for the comment. You do make me wonder if you listened to the whole talk, or read the script ( https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wM1-c7euvQaRaCL4hKCaE8VR... ) I specifically addressed and discussed Lisp, Symbolics, & OS/400 (which is still alive and well). IBM i (as it's now called) seems to more or less treat everything as a single giant disk than as a single memory space, though. However, it's been hard to find solid info for non-IBM-specialists. It is not at all focussed on GUIs, no. However, I needed something pretty to put on the slides. The focus is explicitly, as discussed, on end-user general-purpose computers, not servers. Servers are very well-served (pun intended) already. Yes, I _know_ that this is not all-new. Indeed, that was one of my core points. The reasons are: [1] I think there is more significance to something obscure or niche that has survived for decades and is still actively maintained and used than almost any flashy new offering which could fizzle out again just as fast. [2] Using existing tech means that there are people out there with experience in it. It is not all-new for everyone. That's helpful. [3] I personally am not very interested in GPU tech, and I think the new Apple M1 ARM chips bear out why: the standalone super-powerful GPU with its own RAM is probably a temporary artifact of PC designs and the gaming market. [Author of the piece here] Those are not things of central concern to me currently, but another project that has some similar central axioms is looking at just that. This talk is long but goes into quite a lot of depth. You might enjoy it. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bSNda9EzNOI [Author of the piece here] The slides are just decoration and can be safely ignored. You would be much better off reading the script: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wM1-c7euvQaRaCL4hKCaE8VR... [Author of the piece here] Yes, indeed - I specifically discussed that in the talk. The Palm platform sold over 50 million units, with no filesystem at all. This shows the tech is valid for end-user devices, IMHO. [Author of the piece here] Back patting? Whose? This is entirely orthogonal to stuff like von Neumann architectures. The core change is eliminating the distinction between primary and secondary or auxiliary storage: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_data_storage#Secondar... > There's no such thing as "terabytes of non volatile memory" without either spending hundreds of thousands of dollars on RAM or settling for slow flash RAM. You are technologically out of date. This is commercial, shipping technology now. https://www.storagereview.com/news/intel-optane-dc-persisten... [Author of the piece here] I did actually consider this. When your memory contents are persistent, there is no "boot process". Booting means loading OS code from secondary storage into RAM and then executing it. If there's no secondary storage, this is never normally needed. However, there is absolutely no reason why you cannot _re-initialise_ the system. Start again at first run, reset temporary data and run it from scratch. Secondarily, you could of course dump your data and work in progress to (say) a reserved memory partition first, or over the network to a remote server. Then you re-start and choose what you want to reload. [Author of the piece here] This is technologically out of date, I'm afraid. You appear not to have read about Intel 3D Xpoint and related tech. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/3D_XPoint3 This is retail tech now, under the brand name Optane: https://www.storagereview.com/news/intel-optane-dc-persisten... SSD is cheaper than RAM. Optane is orders of magnitude cheaper, faster and longer-lived than SSD. It is here now. The value is discussed in the talk; I suggest reading the script. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wM1-c7euvQaRaCL4hKCaE8VR... [Author of the piece here] Ignore the slides. The slides are decoration. Read the script, or listen to the talk. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wM1-c7euvQaRaCL4hKCaE8VR... [Author of the piece here] Thanks! I should have expected that so many people wouldn't listen or read it, just look at the pictures... >_ No, they did not. They discontinued the SSDs. The NVDIMMs are not affected. [Author of the piece here] Up to a point, yes. Also, Multics. But this is a different take. [Author of the piece here] I suggest reading the script. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wM1-c7euvQaRaCL4hKCaE8VR... There is a lot of history in it, and that is entirely intentional. I am aware that it does not come close to DRAM, but it is faster than Flash, can be rewritten between thousands and tens of thousands of times more than Flash, and it is also byte-rewritable, unlike flash memory. (I also specifically address some of the comparative issues in the talk.) It is a significant step forwards. One of the problems with it is that current OSes can't really make good, efficient use of it. That is what I am proposing a fix for – and one that should be relatively easy to implement. OK, yes, fair points. :-) I discovered something that I didn't know in the Q&A afterwards: that flash SSDs can be permanently damaged if the power goes out unexpectedly. https://www.atpinc.com/blog/how-industrial-SSDs-handles-powe... Optane fixed this, or rather, was not affected. This is not such a bad issue in laptops, but it's a potential killer in desktops with SSDs. Perhaps if Intel had marketed Optane SSDs better, they'd have sold to enthusiasts for just this reason... Ahahaha! OK, it's a fair cop, but the industry's to blame. :-D AUIU, as someone who's very peripherally connected to both. (I'm an active-ish member of the GNUstep list & in my spare time I've been working on a remix of openSUSE with GNUstep on top; I exchange messages with ProBono about UI design, history, keyboard layouts etc.) The initial version of the HelloSystem was based on GNUstep on FuryBSD. However, apparently -- I did not see any of the comms -- he found the GNUstep people very hard to work with and fairly quickly ditched it and started to roll his own. I must say that I've found the GNUstep folks to be rather intransigent myself. I've found it hard to get answers to simple questions, and when I make small suggestions, they've been mostly been shouted down or ignored. ISTM that the GNUstep project see themselves as building a set of libraries, classes, and tools for building apps. As it happens, as a side-effect of that, they've built a desktop environment as well, but they are not interested in that and don't care about it. Desktops are not their business. They're perfectly happy if others want to use GNUstep to build desktops, though. For reasons that escape me, the GNUstep team are not bothered about ensuring that there are current packages in mainstream Linux distros. This seems to be seen as something for others to do. Etoile violated one of the core rules of FOSS, ISTM: "release early, release often." They never actually put out a release at all in some 15 years of work. You want code? Here's the source: download it and build it yourself. It's a tragic oversight. Vi was 1976. The Canon Cat was 1987, and Raskin's work on the Macintosh was before it was launched in 1984. This work was a _response_ to vi and modal editing. And it was _right_ because it's how basically every GUI app and web app in the world works. Sure, programs have functions that while you perform them put you in a special restricted environment, but it's not a mode. If there's a search-and-replace operation going on, you can see that on the screen. You can see if you're browsing menus or stepping through a tab bar or something. In modal programs, it's the same program all the time, but in one mode, for instance, pressing ``dd`` types a double D like in "middle", and in another mode, it deletes the whole line, and unless you are experienced enough to look for a single character somewhere else on the screen, you don't know which it will do. You have to memorize the sequence of operations and know where you are. If I blindfold you, sit you in front of someone else's computer, take the blindfold off and ask you what "dd" will do at this point, you might not be able to tell. And that is bad UI, and bad design, and we have learned better now. The fact is that this is _proved_ by _every user-facing computer having a GUI. Larry Tesler was right: DON'T MODE ME IN. Even his website is NOMODES.COM: http://nomodes.com/Larry_Tesler_Consulting/Home.html This is true. I was doing PC tech support in 1988-1992 -- the era when the PC world went from MS-DOS to Windows 3.0 to Windows 3.1. (And a few weirdos, like me, ran OS/2 2, because Linux wasn't ready yet.) I used to support, for instance... • WordStar (3/4, Express and 2000) • WordPerfect • Ashton-Tate MultiMate • IBM DisplayWrite • MS Word for DOS ... on almost a daily basis, plus lots more occasionally: LocoScript, VolksWriter, PC Write, Samna Executive, and more. Every one had a totally different user interface. Every keystroke, every menu -- if it had menus; lots didn't -- every status bar, with no similarities. There was one key -- one -- that almost everyone respected: F1 for Help. Except WordPerfect, where it was F3. Then IBM introduced a standard called Common User Access, soon after the Mac started kicking IBM's backside in user-friendliness. CUA mandated that all apps should have a menu bar, at the top of the screen. (Lotus 1-2-3 and MS apps put it at the bottom, before.) It should have options called: File -- for loading and saving. (Previously, MS called this "Transfer". Lotus called it "Workspace". WordPerfect didn't call it anything but it was on F7, or Shift-F7, or Ctrl-F7, or Alt-F7, or Shift-Ctrl-F7 (etc) depending on what you wanted to do. Edit -- for editing: cut, copy, paste, search, replace, etc.. (Mostly not even a menu before, just hotkeys.) View -- for controlling viewing options: text mode, graphics mode, colour, show formatting codes, whatever. And a bunch of others, but all had to be 1 word only, with a unique letter to open the menu with the Alt key. The last had to be Help. And so on. It mandated a standard, borrowing heavily from the Mac HCI guide to do it. And amazingly, it mostly caught on. MS followed it for Windows, mostly, and after Windows 3.0 DOS app vendors found it beneficial to make their clunky old DOS apps at least look and work vaguely like their Windows apps. Ironically, MS itself had to change more than most. MS Word 3, 4 and 5 were nothing even vaguely like CUA. To load a file in them, you pressed Esc to open the menu (2 lines at the bottom of the screen), T for Transfer then L for Load. After CUA, in Word 5.5 (a free download now, if you want to try it out -- works well under DOSemu in Linux), this was replaced by Alt-F for File, then O for Open. Old DOS Word users had a lot of relearning to do. Long ago, I expanded this from a stub into an article: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_Common_User_Access Since everyone followed the IBM keyboard layout, the templates fitted virtually every keyboard. Right now I'm typing on an Apple Extended keyboard from about 1987 and it has little pegs at top right and top left corners of the casing for the keyboard templates to hang on. Before the Extended layout, the F-keys were in a vertical double row to the left of the QWERTY block, as shown here: https://deskthority.net/wiki/IBM_Personal_Computer_keyboard There were some F-key cardboard templates to fit over those keys, but they were less common -- partly because the original PC was so limited, maxing out at 640 kB of RAM and a 4.77MHz CPU, and not coming with a hard disk as standard, just 360 kB floppy drives, so that apps tended to be small and simple and not have very rich functionality to learn and remember. But 3rd parties made ones you could stick on, e.g. https://imgur.com/gallery/pwNQZ9S No, but they do turn up on eBay occasionally. I have never played with one, only studied the videos (e.g. https://youtu.be/o_TlE_U_X3c ) and documentation. It was a very radical UI. If you added programs, they just added new functionality to the existing editor. So, for instance, a spreadsheet module might mean that suddenly, when loaded, you can do operations like SUM{...} or MEAN{...} on a table of numbers in the editor. I've long wished that someone would implement the Canon Cat UI as an Emacs module. It would seem to me that Emacs has all or most of the necessary functionality already. This is not true. Adams only co-wrote 2 adventure games (THHGTTG and Bureaucracy), and arguably a graphical adventure (Starship Titanic) much later. It is not really possible to generalise about "his games," there are so few of them. He was primarily a scriptwriter and reluctant novelist. I own an original boxed copy of this game, and it is the first program I ever ran on an IBM PC back in 1985. There are no significantly helpful clues in the packaging. Source: I am the former president of his appreciation society. What? Really? Well, for a start, the hilarious _Good Omens: the Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, witch._ Co-written with Terry Pratchett, also a great radio serial and a wonderful TV series from about 3 years ago. Secondly, multiple superb novels, such as _Stardust_ and _Coraline_, both adapted into successful feature films; _Neverwhere_, a low-budget British TV series; and _American Gods_, a huge, big-budget TV series. Everything he has written has a rich vein of humour. Even perhaps the most tragic of the Sandman series, _Death: The Sound of her Wings_. "You keep doing that, you know what you're going to get? "FAT PIGEONS!" No more do I. In fact, I live in a country where I do not speak the local language well enough to even _understand_ broadcast TV. This is more a matter of general cultural awareness, I would say. Gaiman's writing career goes back to _Don't Panic_, a book _about_ the Hitchhiker's Guide some 30 years ago now. He is a lot more than just a comics writer. Anyway. I hope you try some of the books and enjoy them. I would say that he is perhaps more of a fabulist than a novelist -- a lot of his novels to me strike me as being akin to fairy tales, myths or legends, but with a fine modern sensibility. Fair enough. Most of the books aren't really comedies, as such. _Good Omens_ definitely is, though, and for me, it remains hilarious after 31 years. One of my very favourite novels after THHGTTG itself. I would probably suggest reading it before watching the series, if you were so inclined -- it's very good indeed, but strongly aimed at the readers of the book. It's a bit wordy in places. The radio adaptation was also excellent: https://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b04knt4h It has cameos by both Gaiman and Pratchett. A sample from Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S_LMCx9nfAk Some samples... “There are some dogs which, when you meet them, remind you that, despite thousands of years of man-made evolution, every dog is still only two meals away from being a wolf. These dogs advance deliberately, purposefully, the wilderness made flesh, their teeth yellow, their breath a-stink, while in the distance their owners witter, "He's an old soppy really, just poke him if he's a nuisance," and in the green of their eyes the red campfires of the Pleistocene gleam and flicker.” “She was convinced that she was anorexic, because every time she looked in the mirror she did indeed see a fat person.” “God does not play dice with the universe; He plays an ineffable game of His own devising, which might be compared, from the perspective of any of the other players [i.e. everybody], to being involved in an obscure and complex variant of poker in a pitch-dark room, with blank cards, for infinite stakes, with a Dealer who won't tell you the rules, and who smiles all the time.” This. I came in at the end of the CP/M era, with an Amstrad PCW9512. I loved it. Sadly a long-ago ex-G/F gave it away. :'( I have 2 replacements, mind you. But CP/M is kinda dry. It's not much fun to play with. I am at a bit of a loss as to the new enthusiasm for it today... They are accepting PRs... https://github.com/oberon-org/site Yes, agreed. We sold a lot of QEMM but not many copies of DESQview, but I lived in a small community then -- the Isle of Man. I have blogged about it in the past ( https://liam-on-linux.livejournal.com/52294.html ) but Quarterdeck had a chance to redefine the DOS industry with DESQview/X, but it came out too late. In the late 1980s there was an awareness that GUIs were the Next Big Thing and there were various GUIs on DOS: DR GEM, PC GEOS, and others. Quarterdeck went for it, making a brave but logical choice: don't invent your own -- adopt industry standards. At the time, there was only one open industry standard: X.11 and the Motif window manager and widget set. So, Q'deck enhanced DESQview until it was able to run an X server and Motif. It added virtual memory support to DOS, supported a couple of vendors' DOS TCP-IP stacks, and produced a multitasking GUI layer for DOS, but instead of home-grown code, it used Unix tools where it could. For example, scalable fonts were provided by Adobe Type Manager, the leading scalable-font add-on for Classic MacOS. It was pretty good. Like text-mode DESQview, you could run DOS apps in windows, but now it could just scale the text when the window got smaller. You got new graphical apps and a simple file manager and app launcher. You could port Unix apps. It was an X server, so you could run remote X apps with the display on the DOS machine. It was also an X client, so remote Unix machines could connect and run native DOS apps on real DOS hardware at full speed. It was very impressive, and up against OS/2 1.x it looked good. But it took so long to ship that Windows 3.0 came out first, and then it was basically all over. :-) I know what you mean about CP/M. I am not sure I've ever touched a Kaypro, though. There are or were some alternative Z80 OSes: SymbOS, Cromix, Uzi/Fuzix, S-OS, DR's own MP/M... Not sure if any would run on a Kaypro without significant expansion, though. Some of the early-1980s Forth environments were impressive. I read of a replacement ROM chip for the Sinclair ZX-81 which could handle multitasking and windowing. Oh cool -- thank you! I will study the links. :-) WordPerfect ran natively on x86 xNix. I installed the SCO Xenix 386 version for several customers. This was a port of the text-mode codebase, roughly equivalent to WordPerfect 5 for DOS. (Generally regarded by WP cognoscenti as the best version: either 4.2 or 5.1 depending who you ask.) WordPerfect's legendarily rich printer support really came into its own for Xenix, which was poor on printer support. WordPerfect for Linux made it to version 8, and was bundled with Corel LinuxOS, the first desktop distro to boast a graphical display-settings dialog, for instance. It was based on Debian with a heavily-modified version of KDE to make it more Windows-like. There were free versions of Corel LinuxOS which have a free and slightly cut-down version of WordPerfect, and a paid version with a full unlimited WordPerfect. I own a boxed copy. I have WordPerfect 8.1 running on Ubuntu 20.04 64-bit. There is no antialiasing, so it looks rather ugly, but it's blazingly fast. It used to be a major pain to install, but there are new scripts as of last year to simplify it: http://www.xwp8users.com/ I am not aware of a native text-mode version of WordPerfect for Linux, but WordPerfect 6 for DOS (the final DOS version) runs very well under DOSemu. PC-MOS/386 is FOSS now, but nobody seems to be interested. https://github.com/roelandjansen/pcmos386v501 TBH it was a 2nd string product in its prime, IME. DR's Concurrent DOS/386 was the premium offering. I supported it in the late 1980s. This was around the time that a LAN of cheap PC-XT clones was becoming price-competitive with a big high-power 80386DX machine with lots of RAM and a bunch of dumb terminals on a multiport serial card. The terminal vendors and multiuser OS vendors fought back with colour terminals and then graphical terminals. CDOS386 supported these. The basic PC design supported 4 RS-232 ports, so you could have an 8MB 386DX with one user on the system console and four users on dumb terminals, all of them able to run even quite demanding DOS apps including fancy stuff like graphical print-preview or a spreadsheet that could draw graphs. The snag was that CDOS386 was not a DOS; it was a descendant of Concurrent CP/M. It ran DOS apps but could not use DOS drivers – it needed its own. So adding hardware was not a trivial exercise. Kit had to be chosen from short hardware compatibility list (and was therefore expensive) and drivers supplied as object files relinked with the kernel. It was not as simple as modifying CONFIG.SYS and rebooting – PC/MS-DOS sysadmin skills did not transfer over. And it couldn't usefully run Windows. So as soon as Windows 3 came out in 1990 and the market started to move to Windows and Windows apps, that was largely it for Concurrent DOS, PC-MOS etc. When DR was bought out by Novell, several forks of the codebase were continued for a while by OEM licencees, and it gained support for FAT32, USB and so on. A branch of the CDOS codebase is still just about alive though. DR did a 286 version, but were screwed over by Intel. CDOS286 used a feature of prototype 80286 chips to multitask DOS apps, but this was removed in the final shipping CPU hardware. (Intel did not know and put it back but it was too late.) DR just took the OS in a different direction and sold it as a multitasking real-time OS instead, downplaying DOS compatibility. It bundled a multitasking version of its GEM desktop, too, so it was a multitasking GUI RTOS, called DR-FlexOS. This found a niche in electronic point-of-sale systems: EPOS, i.e. smart cash registers built around x86 PCs. It was later acquired by IBM who rebranded it as IBM 4680 OS, later IBM 4690 OS. (What a knack for snappy names Big Blue has!) IBM discontinued it just a few years ago, but it is still sold by Toshiba. I would guess: It's a very old, very primitive program. It predates cursor keys, printers that could use proportional fonts and a lot of other things we take for granted today. Its handling for things like printer drivers was astonishingly primitive. For decades, this was enough: it was the best-known word processor in the world. So the company got complacent and did not improve it much. Then WordPerfect came along, which had superb printer and font handling, and was much richer in a lot of ways. WordStar dithered while WordPerfect took over: there were several new, incompatible WordStar apps, and if you had to learn a new UI anyway, why not switch to the leading competitor? Then the market switched to Windows and largely rendered WordPerfect irrelevant, too. There's a detailed history here: https://www.wordstar.org/index.php/wordstar-history If that's too long there are several short ones, but they omit a lot of important detail. E.g. https://history-computer.com/wordstar-complete-history-of-wo... or http://www.landley.net/history/mirror/timelines/inventors/ht... or in a little more depth: http://www.computernostalgia.net/articles/wordstar.htm If I remember correctly, Windows 3.0 could not be used in VGA mode on an 8086 PC, because the VGA device driver used some 80286 instructions. Nobody noticed, because VGA was mostly found in '286 & '386 level machines, and TBH Windows 3.0 was not really aimed at XT-class PCs (8088 & 8086). But the NEC V20 & V30 implemented the additional Real Mode instructions from the 80286 — so if you replaced your Intel CPU with an NEC equivalent, suddenly you could use VGA on Windows 3.0. How is it a half-way house? Genuinely interested and curious, not snarking. This. It's not hard. I got a copy of DEC VAX/VMS running inside SimH a decade ago, in one evening's work. Ha! 3" or Microdrive? They were different things. The ZX Microdrive was the Sinclair stringy-floppy, released 1983, giving approx. 85-95 kB per cartridge: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ZX_Microdrive But 3" was a true floppy disk, used in e.g. the Amstrad Spectrum +3, released 1987, where it gave 180 kB per side: https://www.old-computers.com/museum/computer.asp?c=222 I love that people are still making enhancements for these ancient machines. For example, Amstrad promised an add-on disk interface for the cassette-based Spectrum +2, but never shipped one. Now, the nonexistent hardware has been cloned and you can buy a new one! https://www.8bits4ever.net/product-page/sdi-1 There's an SD-card based replacement mechanism for the original Microdrive: https://vdrivezx.com/vdrivezx/ This is the best explanation I know: http://www.loper-os.org/?p=568 In brief: in the early 1980s, home computers were designed with the primary purpose of owners programming the machines themselves. They came with BASIC interpreters and how-to-program manuals. (Examples: ZX Spectrum, Oric-1, BBC Micro.) But in fact, what happened was that most owners just played 3rd party videogames on them, which they bought ready-made on pre-recorded media. So late-1980s home computers mostly had much better graphics and sound for better games, and some didn't have a BASIC at all, or only limited ones (examples: Amiga, ST) and better BASICs were left to the 3rd-party market (e.g. STOS, AMOS, GFA BASIC, BlitzBASIC.) The Mac was on the crux between these generations, with one foot on both sides. Fairly poor graphics and sound, but it did have a (limited) BASIC. It focused on delivering a radically better UI, and this briefly included a radically better end-user programming environment, HyperCard. But that isn't where the market went, and it wasn't where Steve Jobs was so focussed, which was on the UI and improving it, not user programmability. Cynical interpretation: making it easier for owners to write their own polished, professional-looking graphical applications would potentially reduce the lucrative aftermarket for additional applications software, so Apple killed off this line of evolution. Fair. It wasn't sold, was it? I think it was given away free with every Mac. There _were_ multiple clones, as you say. I think in part it made sense in the context of the Mac as the first mass-market GUI computer, with strict HCI guidelines, a small screen with no colour and limited sound... As computers got more multimedia abilities, including later Macs, Hypercard got left behind. OK. The Spectrum +3 had true floppy disk drives -- Hitachi 3" units. They are not Microdrives, are not compatible with Microdrives, and Microdrives cannot be attached to a +3. Sinclair's system was much older (4 years, a long time then), and had its own external controller, the Interface 1. Microdrives were like tiny 8-track cassette tapes: an endless loop of tape on a single tiny reel, feeding out from the centre and wound back on the outside via a twist. They cannot be rewound or run backwards, only fast-forwarded, so access was slow. So, no: not even similar. Different size, technology, OS extensions, interface, capacity, speed... different everything. I had a Microdrive setup in the early 1980s. Like much Sinclair technology, it was radically cheaper than the competition. 90 kB of storage isn't much but it was twice the total RAM capacity of the host computer, and was 10x or more faster than cassette tapes. A microdrive cartridge could hold dozens of BASIC programs or machine-code snippets. The Sinclair QL semi-16-bit computer also used Microdrives, with 2 built in, but with a different, incompatible format that got slightly more data storage (maybe 100 kB up to 105-110 kB if you were very lucky). There were multiple officially-licensed derivatives of the QL, mostly running different incompatible OSes, and they mostly used Microdrives too: the Merlin Tonto, ICL One-Per-Desk, Telecom Australia ComputerPhone and more. 3rd party clones such as the CST Thor replaced the microdrives with floppy disk drives -- more expensive, but much faster and much more reliable. Should have ... IMHO, no. I give GNOME a re-assessment every time there's a new Ubuntu release, and it seldom takes more than an hour or so (if that) to find a reason why I'm glad my work boxes run Xfce and my home ones run Unity. Not really, no. Ubuntu was broadly a continuation of the UserLinux project. A simple, easy-to-install distro, with a single example of each of the mainstream app categories. An installer that asks only the most essential questions; no software ones, no hardware-config ones, not even a root password. But nonetheless a mainstream distro with mainstream choices. Endless is quite different. Endless is a rather interesting distro. It's aimed to be suitable for non-technical users on fairly low-end hardware, with an internet connection that might be intermittent at best. Some salient but unusual features: • A desktop that is GNOME adapted into a non-desktop metaphor, more like a smartphone: a full-screen app browser, and an app switcher that's loosely like the Windows taskbar. • A read-only root filesystem, with no package manager. • All apps are Flatpaks. • OS upgrades are atomic, whole-system-at-once, like Android or iOS upgrades on a smartphone. This seems like a very simple question and I am inclined to treat it as a trick one, but I will be trusting and try to answer it. The difference is huge. A package manager installs, removes, updates etc. components of the OS. It manipulates files in /bin, /sbin, /lib, /usr and so on. In Endless, the root filesystem is read-only and immutable. It is not possible to modify any of the files provided with the OS in any way, including all of those paths above and others. Flatpak apps are containerised and all of their components are within the app bundle, typically in `/var/lib/flatpak` I believe. (I am not a GNOME user and don't use Flatpak much, but I have a couple of Snap apps installed.) Nothing goes anywhere else or is allowed to install dependencies etc. Think of it like a Smartphone. Android and iOS are both *nix OSes. The entire OS is essentially a single image, kept in Flash, and booted into RAM each time you turn on. The user can't change it in any way. Apps are kept in a separate chunk of flash memory and they can't change the OS. OS updates are a single big file that updates the entire OS partition in one operation. It's a little bit like booting a Live USB with a persistent storage file: nothing can change the SquashFS, but you can add your own files and have them survive a reboot. Endless works the same way. It is comparable to Red Hat Atomic Workstation, Core OS, Chrome OS, and SUSE MicroOS. There is now an enhanced edition of the game for the Spectrum 128 (and of course emulators thereof). It takes higher-res graphics from other editions of the original game, for more capable computers, and has other improvements. https://vintageisthenewold.com/zx-spectrum-the-hobbit-128k-e... I am amused to see this machine on HackerNews in 2021. I wrote the original Wikipedia article about it, 17 years ago. Some years later, I got to play with actual hardware thanks to the Binary Dinosaurs collection at a retrocomputing fair in Croydon UK, and mentioned to its owner that this was the first time I'd seen one, although I wrote an article about it. He regarded this as typical for Wikipedia... :-/ I'd like to see more on why the author of this emulator decided to start completely from scratch, since there are multiple other Z80 emulation cores and so on out there, and were even back in 1998. https://vzalive.bluebilby.com/emulators/ > before Firefox's extensions got gutted You might like to take a look at Waterfox. It's a fork of the last pre-Quantum of Firefox, with frequent security update releases (roughly every 8 weeks), that still runs XUL extensions. It's my default browser since Firefox Quantum, because recent Firefox versions simply can't do all the customisations I like — such as a vertical tab bar combined with a flat bookmarks bar, a smart download manager in a tab, and so on. NFTs are very expensive URL-lengtheners (instead of shorteners), and nothing more. The 3rd Hitchhiker novel, "Life, the Universe, and Everything", is also a repurposed Dr Who script: "Dr Who and the Krikkitmen". No, it isn't, because it was written in 1977, almost before the microcomputer – and until the Mac, Adams hated computers. It's not a binary joke, either. However, if you add together the numbers on all the faces of a pair of normal 6-sided dice... Sorry to hear that. Swype was _by far_ the best keyboard for all-screen smartphones, and I miss it very much. It was markedly better than any other swiping keyboard implementation, as well as a substantially better feature set. If MS silently switched Swype recognition and features into its Swiftkey product, but maybe kept Swiftkey's prediction engine – the only good thing about it – I would be happy to buy it again. Oh yes. On Android, my licence still works, even on new devices. But I got an iPhone 6S+ about 3Y ago – and the last time I owned an iPhone was before iOS supported replacement keyboards. After a lot of fussing around, I managed to copy a friend's installation onto it, but every time I restarted the phone, he had to authenticate it with _his_ Apple Store ID and password. Not convenient at all. Also, AFAICS, the iOS version misses 2 crucial features from the Android version: • it doesn't seem to have the edit-keys screen, with a cursor square and dedicated keys for delete forwards, delete backwards, cut, copy and paste; • or the dialling-keypad screen (with the numerals in a phone-style square, as distinct from the numbers-and-symbols screen). I've not seen any other Android keyboard with these. Some other swiping keyboards now support looping over a letter to double it (very handy in English, which is full of double letters – e.g. "cuter"/"cutter", "planing"/"planning"). I don't think I've seen any others which used swiping upwards off the screen to capitalise a word. Nor can any other I've seen handle swiping down to a punctuation mark to include it and keep going: "cant"/"can't", "were"/"we're", "ill"/"I'll", for example. EmuTOS is a like-for-like replacement for the ST OS, using some of the Digital Research PC GEM code that was open-sourced by Caldera around the turn of the century. So it's a single-tasking OS. ST TOS evolved in multiple directions, with a couple of complete replacements, such as MagiC, itself now FOSS: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MagiC People replaced various bits of TOS and GEM, which had a fairly clean layered design. A decade or so back, a project united various FOSS replacement bits for chunks of the Atari/DR stack, wrote some more code to fill in the blanks, and released an all-FOSS Atari-compatible OS. It's called AFrOS: Atari Free OS. https://aranym.github.io/afros.html It uses MiNT, a multitasking Unix-like layer that turns Atari GEM into a multitasking OS. The first time I heard of EmuTOS was basically as a bootloader for AFrOS. I'm delighted to learn it has grown into a complete TOS replacement, but TOS itself evolved into a whole new sort of OS and that has resulted in a complete FOSS ST OS years ago. EmuTOS is much more like the original OS. AFrOS mainly is intended to run on a dedicated emulator, called ARAnyM: Atari Running on ANY Machine. https://aranym.github.io/ ARAnyM doesn't aim to be a completely accurate ST emulator for running ST games. Instead it's aimed at people doing serious productivity-type work in GEM, and aims to run GEM apps quickly on modern hardware, at the price of losing perfect hardware compatibility. Those interested in Atari OSes may enjoy AFrOS on ARAnyM. I certainly do. One of the most important half-a-dozen living figures in the world of computing, and almost totally unrecognised. He deserves more respect. Pretty much true -- but Dr Kildall's company was huge in its time, its product dominated the infant PC industry, and of course dictated the design of MS-DOS 1.x. His influence was great. Nelson's work _inspired_ the biggest technological development of the last 30 years, but it never shipped, and what we got is a pale shadow of his idea. This isn't the only impressive bit of code Paul Dunn has, er, done. He also wrote absolutely my favourite tool for writing ZX BASIC programs, BASin. https://arda.kisafilm.org/blog/?page_id=848&lang=en It gives you a version of the Sinclair editor in a resizable desktop window, so you can use a PC keyboard, cut/paste etc. inside a modified version of the Sinclair interpreter -- then run the resultant code in a separate emulator window in the same app. It's an IDE for Spectrum BASIC. And it's good, clean code, too, because it works flawlessly under WINE on Linux. And the well-regarded ZX Spin emulator, also for Windows: http://www.shadowmagic.org.uk/cssfaq/emulators/windows.htm ARK files are from an early forerunner to PKZip, which evolved from a program called PKArc. They're just compressed file archives. https://techtinkering.com/articles/compression-and-archiving... Here is a collection of CP/M compression/decompression tools: http://www.zimmers.net/anonftp/pub/cpm/archivers/index.html Hardly. CP/M-68K was quite well known and it is still in use today -- for instance, here is a modern, build-it-yourself 68008 machine that runs CP/M-68K: https://hackaday.io/project/177988-68k-mbc-a-3-ics-68008-hom... One from a decade ago: https://makezine.com/2010/02/17/building-a-cpm-68k-computer-... Remember the SORD M5 home computer? CP/M-68K also ran on its big brother, the SORD M68: https://www.old-computers.com/museum/computer.asp?st=1&c=218 Yes, I thought so too, and I also thought it sounded like a shame because the tiny scraps of information I'd heard sounded good. But there's no info about it on that website. Is there anywhere that I can read about design, specs etc? Here you go -- exactly what you asked for. FOSS, available today. https://www.riscosopen.org/wiki/documentation/show/Software%... Yup. ThreadX from Express Logic, now part of Microsoft. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ThreadX > I'm guessing a lot of people here were never exposed to a world like DOS Which is why, 16 years ago, I took over that article and fleshed out a stub into something more descriptive, with examples and so on. :-) I'm rather pleased to see it on the front page of HN. CUA is a lot more pervasive now than people appreciate, I suspect. It's what unifies the designs of KDE, Xfce, GNOME, LXDE/LXQt, Enlightenment, and so on. Mac OS X is closer to it than classic MacOS was. There are visible traces of it in Haiku. In fact it's almost easier to point to UIs that don't have much trace of it -- aside from touchscreen ones. There are Oberon and A2,. There's Plan 9 -- but its successor Inferno is more CUA-influenced. Check out kinto.sh, which does this for you: https://github.com/rbreaves/kinto The "Windows key" is just Microsoft branding. It was called the Super key before that, and it dates back to the 1970s. Here's an example on a Sun keyboard, labelled with a diamond: http://xahlee.info/kbd/iold51593/Sun_Microsystems_Type_6_Key... Try kinto: https://github.com/rbreaves/kinto Is Mozilla Songbird so forgotten now? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Songbird_(software) Is the reason Firefox is called "Firefox" forgotten? It was "Phoenix", but the name was taken. So it was renamed Firebird. But _that_ name was taken too. Always check someone else hasn't used your name first. Always. It was called "reveal codes". http://wordperfect.helpmax.net/en/creating-and-managing-docu... The Linux version is freeware now: https://xwp8users.com/ It was released for free in 1998: https://www.itprotoday.com/windows-78/corel-release-free-wor... http://www.iitk.ac.in/LDP/FAQ/pdf/WordPerfect-Linux-FAQ.pdf The free version can still be found out there: https://tldp.org/FAQ/WordPerfect-Linux-FAQ/downloadwp8.html TBH I thought this was obvious. The name "Songbird" was previously used by Mozilla, a large, well-known and fairly wealthy organization which is still around and has a world-famous product. It therefore probably has trademarks on the name. Debian, famously, had to maintain its own forks of Firefox and Thunderbird for many years because the Mozilla terms of use on the names and icons were incompatible with the Debian IP guidelines. Mozilla itself, as I pointed out, had to change the name of what is now its flagship product _twice_ because other software companies used and owned the names: Phoenix is a brand of PC BIOS, Firebird is a database. Mozilla _might_ have released the name as the product is dead, but it would be foolhardy to rely on this. If the new project succeeds and prospers, then Mozilla will notice, and as Mozilla had the name first, the new project will have to change it. This is a pain and can be detrimental to awareness, community etc. Songbird was a high-profile product at the time. As a user of Netscape and Mozilla products since 1996, I ran it myself for a while. (I decided it was way too bulky for a media player.) Thus I am surprised it has been so forgotten so quickly, as apparently have Mozilla's repeated forced name-changes. :-) You're welcome. It did come and go fairly quickly. It was an attempt to make an open, cross-platform rival to iTunes, but you needed the Apple, MS etc. apps installed to get the codecs & authorise playback. At launch it couldn't directly rip or burn audio CDs. They dropped Linux support, it was forked as Nightingale to keep Linux support, but both forks flopped and were discontinued. Streaming stuff like Spotify turned out to be more popular. Personally I think it is partly what led to the rise of simple lightweight music players such as Foobar 2000, Rhythmbox, Pragha and so on. OTOH there are now so many of those that developer talent is spread very thinly, and we might all be better off if there were just 2 or 3 leading ones with more substantial teams behind them. I was just trying to warn you of the risks of using a name that someone else has already used... That is my impression. Microware is still around and selling OS-9: https://www.microware.com/ It isn't exactly a secret. :-) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OS-9 Hi. Article author here. It does not describe the MacOS version. Its primary focus is the native Linux version. Did you stop reading after a couple of paragraphs, but still comment? You make me wonder if I should have structured it differently. :-( Hi. Article author here. I link to that site several times in the blog post – but I also explicitly point out that the DOS version is _not_ freeware. There is no such thing as Corel 1-2-3 and never was. IBM owns Lotus 1-2-3. It too is not free and never was, but you can run AsEasyAs for nothing. http://www.triusinc.com/forums/viewtopic.php?t=10 Hi. Article author here. Robert Sawyer and George Martin are fans of WordStar. I supported it in the 1980s. It is a very clunky, awkward program by modern standards; that is why WordPerfect completely supplanted it. It is not freeware. However, if you want to try it, there is a free clone: http://wordtsar.ca/ Hi. Article author here. May I suggest that you read to the end of something before you comment? To address your point about the Linux version: I do not think that you are correct. Corel Corp, which is still alive and well, explicitly made a free version of the app and released it, along with a press release (which I link to). This has not been revoked or cancelled subsequently; the Linux version of the product was discontinued. If someone makes a piece of software available for free, even if it's just a binary, then it remains free unless or until the company revokes that status. Corel has not revoked its status. Ergo, it remains freeware. Hi. Article author here. I supported WordPerfect for various law practices in the courts around Chancery Lane in London well into the MS Office era. The main reason was not templates; it was the word-count function. MS Word has a very odd implementation of features like headers and footers, footnotes, tables of contents etc. It considers them separate areas of the document, and so when you do a word count, they are not included. For authors who are paid by the book, this isn't very important. For journalists, who aren't paid for headers and footers, only raw ASCII text excluding such things, it's almost good. But for lawyers, who are paid a lot of money -- far more than journos or authors -- for every single word , it matters a lot . WordPerfect counts every damned word, wherever it is, whatever region of the document it's in -- so they get paid for all the words the client received. This could well be a difference of thousands of pounds/dollars/euros/whatever. For that, a single copy of WordPerfect at £150-£250 could well pay for itself by the first document you sent out. Hi. Article author here. Most people – me included – reckoned that Word 5.1 for the Mac was the last, best version. If you grab the ShapeShifter VM that I describe and link to in the blog post, and look in the MS Word folder, you may be in for a very pleasant surprise. :-) Hi. Article author here. No, not really. I am a Linux and Mac user. I don't run or use Windows unless I really need it – for instance for reflashing firmware. The modern version of WordPerfect is a perfectly good app, but it's a perfectly good Windows app, and I work on Linux. This is a native Linux app and for that reason it is preferable. Hi. Article author here. It's a fair cop! I did totally forget about that. I will grab a copy and give it a try -- thank you! Hi. Article author here. This is true. There are a lot of "abandonware" versions of all sorts of apps out there. It is almost trivially easy to find a copy of WordPerfect for DOS and install it on DR DOS or PC DOS in a VirtualBox VM, or run it under DOSemu on Linux. I link to instructions on how to do it in that article. But it's not legal. Abandonware is a nebulous term with no legal meaning. WordPerfect Corp is gone but the product is alive and well under Corel Corp. This still counts as piracy. But the MacOS and Linux versions were given away, for free, by WordPerfect Corp and so they are legit. That's why I wrote the blog post. :-) Sadly, I don't know of any way to do so, no. :-( Hi. Article author here. Well, yes, this is somewhat true. I went through the pain of that learning curve in about 1989. But WordPerfect got a lot better after v5 when they introduced CUA-style drop-down menus. After that you could explore and slowly learn the program and just use the F-key combinations you most needed as accelerators. The Linux, Mac and Windows versions are perfectly standard GUI apps and are no harder to learn or use than any other GUI apps. They're also very fast on modern kit. Hi. Article author here. Oh yes indeed. MS forced them to change course. I should add a paragraph about that. It's a bit harsh to Quattro Pro to call it a 1-2-3 clone! 8-) It's a complete DOS spreadsheet in its own right, and a very good one at that. Quattro is the spreadsheet that introduced the feature of highlighting a range, then dragging the corner of the range and the program extrapolates the data and fills in the extra cells -- a very handy function indeed IMHO. There were a bunch of DOS spreadsheets -- Lotus 1-2-3 was _the_ killer app that led the IBM PC to greatness and created the modern computer industry. VisiCalc for the Apple ][ created spreadsheets and improved the lives of tens of thousands of accountants and executives, but 1-2-3 took that concept and made it far more powerful. The name denotes that it integrates the three key functions of [1] spreadsheeting, [2] generating charts, and [3] building and querying simple databases. IMHO probably the best value commercial spreadsheet for DOS was Computer Associates' Supercalc 5, which was $49 at the end of its life and a very capable, fully-3D program. And of course there was Microsoft Multiplan, later combined with Microsoft Chart and wrapped in a GUI to create Microsoft's pioneering first Mac app, called Excel. But if you knew 1-2-3, then AsEasyAs was a direct copy and the subject of a copy-and-feel lawsuit at the time. It's officially discontinued but as it was shareware it was always free to download and use, and it still is today. It was a very common UI once -- now the Joe editor offers it, but I think the CP/M version of Borland Turbo Pascal had the same. I tend to agree with you. WordStar came before WYSIWYG or proportional-font printing, and it never really adapted to those things. By comparison, WordPerfect was a master of getting the absolute best out of any printer you might have -- its printer support was legendarily good. OK, fair point. Thanks for the suggestion. I've added that at the start, and clarified why Corel got out of Linux, and added a PS about where you can get a good free legal DOS wordprocessor. Hi. Article author here. I specifically mentioned the NetWinder in the blogpost and gave those 2 links to it. Good point. I've added a postscript to the end of the blogpost with details on getting and running Word 5.5. If you're running 32-bit Windows 10, then yes, Word 4 should work just fine. 32-bit Windows still includes the DOS box and it's highly compatible. Me, personally, I run IBM PC DOS 7.1 (also a free download from IBM) under VirtualBox, and I run my handful of DOS apps in that. Exactly, yes. I do not know how easy it would be to create a container with an old 32-bit version of Ubuntu, Debian or even Fedora, one old enough to run WordPerfect 8 well. But if someone could do it, the app could be packaged as a Snap or a Flatpak and in theory it would work on any modern x86 distro. I'd like that very much. Yes, and WinWorld and other places. But these are not legitmately-licensed copies. There's no such thing as "abandonware" and Corel still exists. Mac WordPerfect and Linux WordPerfect both have completely legal freeware versions. That's why I wrote the blogpost. Corel LinuxOS was a good distro in its time. It had IMHO the best version of KDE 2 I ever used. Corel sold it off and it became Xandros, which was also a good distro and had a freeware version -- but both are long obsolete now. https://boxofcables.dev/corel-linux-1-2/ That was fascinating -- thanks for the link! Yup, sounds fair. WordPerfect Corp screwed up twice over, and it's a minor miracle any of it survived. First, it bought into the hype and spent a lot of effort porting WP to OS/2 -- then OS/2 bombed, of course. It subsequently did a Windows version, but the first version was not a very good Windows app. The company spent a huge amount of effort on bringing across its own industry-best printer-driver system... but Windows already provided that, so it was largely a wasted effort. (WP had fantastic printer support and could really get the absolute best out of any printer's capabilities. Windows just ignored all that, and dumped a bitmap of the page to the printer in graphics mode. Terrible on a dot-matrix or early inkjet, but it did get you all the fancy fonts and so on. But when Windows 3.1 included its own TrueType font rendering system, and as the market moved to hires bubblejets and lasers, it was the way to go.) WordPerfect for Windows did evolve into a very good app, in time. I wish I'd bought a legit version when it was part of the Remote Worker's Humble Bundle last year. :-( It is not as simple as that. Other companies distributed the free version, too. It was bundled with at least one print book. It was included with old versions of both SUSE Linux and Mandrake Linux. It was sold, on CD, by various long-gone vendors. It was available from multiple other sources than Corel, and has been since the early days. I entirely see where you're coming from, and I've added a paragraph clarifying its status to my blog post. However, given its wide distribution over more than 20 years, which Corel has never seeked to stop, I think it is fair. This is not "abandonware". Corel made this one version free of charge and has never rescinded that. This is such a classic paper that I felt it deserved a more readable copy. So I copied the text into Word and cleaned it up a bit. May be easier for those with visual impairments etc. Here: https://www.dropbox.com/s/kmpo4c2q9klqx1e/A%20Plea%20for%20L... (MS Word format, old .DOC version. Should be readable in anything.) Feel free to reshare. Previous submission/discussion: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10060557 Yup, the XKL TOAD ("Ten On A Desk") and TOAD-2. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XKL#TOAD-1 RT Logic: https://web.archive.org/web/20061019161717/http://www.rtlogi... Not much info -- no more than is here: https://comp.os.vms.narkive.com/UKFNZj9v/fpga-vax Noboyuki Kondoh's PhD thesis on the university effort is here, but only the abstract is in English: http://labo.nshimizu.com/thesis/b2004/1adt2415.pdf Um. Now I feel like I'm 106 instead of "just" 53. OK, so, basically all modern mass-market OSes of any significance derive in some way from 2 historical minicomputer families... from the same company. Minicomputers are what came after mainframes, before microcomputers. A microcomputer is a computer whose processor is a microchip: a single integrated circuit containing the whole processor. Before the first one was invented in 1974 (IIRC), processors were made from discrete logic: lots of little silicon chips. The main distinguishing feature of minicomputers from micros is that the early micros were single-user: one computer, one terminal, one user. No multitasking or anything. Minicomputers appeared in the 1960s and peaked in the 1970s, and cost just tens to hundreds of thousands of dollars, while mainframes cost millions and were usually leased. So minicomputers could be afforded by a company department, not an entire corporation... meaning that they were shared, by dozens of people. So, unlike the early micros, minis had multiuser support, multitasking, basic security and so on. The most significant minicomputer vendor was a company called DEC: Digital Equipment Corporation. DEC made multiple incompatible lines of minis, many called PDP-something -- some with 9-bit logic, some with 12-bit, 18-bit, or 36-bit logic. One of its early big hits was the 12-bit PDP-8. It ran multiple incompatible OSes, but one was called OS-8. This OS is long gone but it was the origin of a command-line interface with commands such as DIR, TYPE, DEL, REN and so on. It also had a filesystem with 6-letter names (all in caps) with semi-standardised 3-letter extension, such as README.TXT. This OS and its shell later inspired Digital Research's CP/M OS, the first industry-standard OS for 8-bit micros. CP/M was going to be the OS for the IBM PC but IBM got a cheaper deal from Microsoft for what was essentially a clean-room re-implementation of CP/M, called MS-DOS. So DEC's PDP-8 and OS-8 directly inspired the entire PC-compatible industry, the whole x86 computer industry. Another DEC mini was the 18-bit PDP-7. Like almost all DEC minis, this too ran multiple OSes, both from DEC and others. A 3rd-party OS hacked together as a skunkworks project on a disused spare PDP-7 at AT&T's research labs was UNIX. More or less at the same time as the computer industry gradually standardised on the 8-bit byte, DEC also made 16-bit and 32-bit machines. Among the 16-bit machines, the most commercially successful was the PDP-11. This is the machine that UNIX's creators first ported it to, and in the process, they rewrote it in a new language called C. The PDP-11 was a huge success so DEC was under commercial pressure to make an improved successor model. It did this by extending the 16-bit PDP-11 instruction set to 32 bits. For this machine, the engineer behind the most successful PDP-11 OS, called RSX-11, led a small team that developed a new, pre-emptive multitasking, multiuser OS with virtual memory, called VMS. VMX is still around: it was ported to DEC's Alpha, the first 64-bit RISC chip, and later to the Intel Itanium. Now it has been spun out from HP and is being ported to x86-64. But the VMS project leader, Dave Cutler, and his team, were headhunted from DEC by Microsoft. At this time, IBM and Microsoft had very acrimoniously fallen out over the failed OS/2 project. IBM kept the x86-32 version OS/2 for the 386, which it completed and sold as OS/2 2 (and later 2.1, 3, 4 and 4.5. It is still on sale today under the name Blue Lion from Arca Noae.) At Microsoft, Cutler and his team got given the very incomplete OS/2 version 3, a planned CPU-independent portable version. Cutler _et al_ finished this, porting it to the new Intel RISC chip, the i860. This was codenamed the "N-Ten". The resultant OS was initially called OS/2 NT, later renamed – due to the success of Windows 3 – as Windows NT. Its design owes as much to DEC VMS as it does to OS/2. Today, Windows NT is the basis of Windows 10 and 11. So the PDP-7, PDP-8 and PDP-11 directly influenced the development of CP/M, MS-DOS, OS/2, & Windows 1 through to Windows ME. A different line of PDPs directly led to UNIX and C. Meanwhile, the PDP-11's 32-bit successor directly influenced the design of Windows NT. When micros grew up and got to be 32-bit computers themselves, and vendors needed multitasking OSes with multiuser security, they turned back to 1970s mini OSes. This project is a FOSS re-implementation of the VAX CPU on an FPGA. It is at least the 3rd such project but the earlier ones were not FOSS and have been lost. Oh yes. It was widely-known and acknowledged at the time but it's forgotten now. • OS/2 version 1.x: 80286, 16-bit, only a single DOS session. Cannot run Windows apps, but can run "family apps" -- binaries compiled to execute natively as DOS apps on DOS and OS/2 apps on OS/2. • OS/2 version 2.x: 80386, 32-bit, true DOS multitasking alongside OS/2 text-mode and Presentation Manager GUI multitasking. Can boot DOS in a VM, and also run a modified copy of Windows 3 inside a VM allowing 16-bit Windows apps to run on the OS/2 desktop alongside native OS/2 apps. Marketed as OS/2 v2.0, 2.1, and later as "Warp 3", "Warp 4" and "Warp Server". Licensed to 3rd parties as eComStation (from Mensys, a PDP-11 tools vendor) and later as Blue Lion. • OS/2 version 3: unfinished, planned to be CPU-independent, able run on various RISC chips (e.g. IBM POWER, SUN SPARC, MIPS etc.) as well as x86. OS/2 3 was substantially rewritten and completed by Cutler and team using a lot of VMS ideas, technologies and terminology as OS/2 NT, later Windows NT. NT for "New Technology" was a backronym. NT 3.1, 3.5 and 3.51 contained an "OS/2 subsystem" and were able to execute text-mode 16-bit OS/2 binaries natively. They could also format and read/write hard disk partitions in OS/2 HPFS format. NT 4 removed the ability to handle HPFS but the 3.51 SP5 HPFS driver could be installed and used to access HPFS partitions, but not create them. Windows 2000 removed the OS/2 subsystem completely. • IBM Workplace OS/2 for POWER: a largely unrelated OS, running on top of the same Mach microkernel used in Mac OS X, with an OS/2-compatible userland on top. Able to run 16-bit and 32-bit OS/2 x86 binaries under emulation as well as native POWER binaries. Yep, me too. Like a lot of people, I really miss filenames with built-in version numbers. [1] Create a file called `WUMPUS.FOR` [2] Every time you saved it, the OS automatically incremented the version number: `WUMPUS.FOR;2` and `WUMPUS.FOR;3` and `WUMPUS.FOR;42`. [3] You could optionally `PURGE WUMPUS.FOR` and all the old versions would be removed, and then the OS would continue making new versions. With this, who needs a revision control system? For a single user, this is all you need -- you can go back to old versions, copy or rename them to branch, etc. Unix came along at the same time as this was happening and it never incorporated this functionality, which is why we need clumsy functionality bolted on top, such as Git. The actual versioning info isn't in the filesystem -- it's hidden inside concealed data files. Absolutely, and it did it better than k8s. You could cluster different versions of VMS, or cluster Alpha VMS with Itanium VMS, or all 3 at once. Alphas and Itaniums can run VAX emulators for legacy compatibility, and the copy of VMS in the emulator can be clustered with the OS on the host machine it's running on. VMS clusters had uptimes in decades . Compaq bought DEC. HP bought Compaq. So HP inherited VMS. It's now been spun off as a new company: https://vmssoftware.com/ When VMS later gained a POSIX mode and TCP/IP it was renamed OpenVMS. VMS Software is now porting VMS to x86-64. You can port *nix apps to VMS and run them natively. The clustering is still there and still works. There's a small chance OpenVMS might enjoy a small renaissance, bringing mainframe-like uptime and resilience to commodity x86 hardware, without all that pointless faffing around with VMs and one OS running another different OS inside a VM, with all the duplication and waste that this entails. Virtualisation on VMS? I don't recall that... tell me more? There was a ton more influence too. I was trying to highlight perhaps the most significant bits people who weren't yet born in the 1970s or 1980s might have seen, used, and know. As pointed out over on lobste.rs by David Chisnall: ( https://lobste.rs/s/kmpnqd/historical_significance_dec_pdp_7... ) • The VAX memory layout is why modern OSes' memory layouts are the way they are. - The VAX block size of 512 bytes is why hard disks had 1/2 kB blocks until recently. - The VMS VM file was called PAGEFILE.SYS, which is why NT's has that name. - Unix first got virtual memory in the VAX version. The ordinary kernel was called `unix`, and to distinguish it, the VM version was called `vmunix`. That's why the Linux kernel was called `vmlinux` and later the compressed version `vmlinuz`. • The PDP-11 instruction set influenced the CPU designs of the Heathkit H11 (CP1600) & Intellivision (CP1610), Hitachi SuperH and Motorola 68000. • The VAX's protection rings influenced the protection rings of the Intel 80386, which is why x86-32 has 4 rings but almost all OSes use only 2 of them. There is a huge amount of low-level stuff in the designs of the Mac, Amiga, ST, the PC and x86 in general, in games consoles, even in late-1970s and early-1980s 8-bit home computers, that are that way because DEC were so totally dominant... but a lot of this stuff is only visible if you program in machine code, know the memory layouts and so on. So I tried to focus on the stuff visible to users, sysadmins, maybe techie-minded gamers. Filenames, commands, and so on. The 1970s computer industry was factiously described as "IBM and the Seven Dwarves". The minicomputer makers were called "the BUNCH": https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BUNCH Of the BUNCH, DEC were by far the biggest and most influential. DEC's range of minicomputers ranged from de-facto microcomputers -- single-user desktop minis built into terminals -- to massive multi-cabinet minicomputers that competed directly with mainframes. Really, the lines blurred together. But DEC's fatal flaw was that its senior management thought cheap single-user micros, and UNIX, were passing trends of no real importance. It feared micros cutting into its lucrative minicomputer profit margins, and thought its proprietary OSes were better than UNIX. Both of these statements were arguably true but even an industry giant can't change the course of a whole industry. So, ironically, in the end, IBM designed the IBM PC using ideas and concepts from DEC (and Apple), not from IBM's own big hardware. The PC was a huge success and changed the industry... but IBM itself lost control of the PC industry and ended up quitting it. DEC refused to embrace micros and UNIX until it was too late, so never gained decisive control of those markets... which doomed it. https://digital.com/digital-equipment-corporation/ OK, fine, so let's go with it. Since my impression is that HN people are [a] xNix fans [b] often quite young therefore [c] have little exposure to other OSes, let me try to unpack what Stephenson was getting at, *in context*. The Hole Hawg is a dangerous and overpowered tool for most non-professionals. It is big and heavy. It can take on big tough jobs with ease, but its size and its brute power mean that it is not suitable for precision work. It has relatively few safety features, so that if used inexpertly, it will hurt its operator. DIY stores are full of smaller, much less powerful tools. This is for good reasons: • because for non-professional users, those smaller, less-powerful tools are much safer. A company which sells a tool to untrained users which tends to maim or kill them will go out of business. • because smaller, less-powerful tools are better for smaller jobs, that a non-professional might undertake, such as hanging a picture, or putting up some shelves. • professionals know to use the right tool for the job. Surgeons do not operate with chainsaws. Carpenters do not use axes. The Hole Hawg, as described, is a clumsy tool that needs things attached to it in order to be used, and even then, you need to know the right way or it will hurt you. Compare with a domestic drill with a pistol grip that is ready to use out of its case. Modern ones are cordless, increasing their convenience. One is a tool for someone building a house; the other is a _better_ tool for someone _living in that house._ That's the drill part. Now, let's discuss the OSes talked about in the rest of the 1999 piece from which that's a clipping: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/In_the_Beginning..._Was_the_Co... There are: • Linux, before KDE, with no free complete desktop environments yet. • Windows, meaning Windows 98SE or NT 4. • Classic MacOS – version 9. • BeOS. Stephenson points out that Linux is as powerful as any of them, cheaper, but slower, ugly and unfriendly. He points out that MacOS 9 is as pretty, friendly, and comprehensible as OSes get, but it doesn't multitask well, it is not very stable, and when a program crashes, your entire computer probably goes with it. He points out that Windows is overpriced, performs poorly, and is not the best option for anyone – but that everyone runs it and most people just conform with what the mainstream does. He praises BeOS very highly, which was 100% justified at the time: it was faster than anything else, by a large margin. It has superb multimedia support and integration, better than anything else at the time. It was standards-compliant but not held back by it. For its time, it has a supermodern OS, eliminating tonnes of legacy cruft. But it didn't have many apps so it was mainly for people in narrow niches, such as music production or maybe video editing. It was manifestly the future, though. But we're living in the future and it wasn't. This was 23 years ago, nearly a quarter of a century, before KDE and GNOME, before Windows XP, before Mac OS X. You need to know that. What Unix people interpret as praise here is in fact criticism. That Unix is very unfriendly and can easily hurt its user. (Think `rm -rf /` here.) That Unix has a great deal of raw power but maybe more than most people need. That Unix is, frankly, kinda ugly, and only someone who doesn't care about appearances would choose it. That something of this brute power is not suitable for fine precision work. (Which it still mostly isn't -- Mac OS X is Unix, tuned and polished, and that's what the creative pros use now.) Here's a response from 17 years ago: http://garote.bdmonkeys.net/commandline/index.html OK, yes, fair point. I did know this horrifying factoid, although I only learned it very recently. Have a look at Taekwindow as well, then. Provides the missing but to me vital functionality of "middle click the title bar to send to the back of the stack". Also see AllChars: https://allchars.zwolnet.com/ This was universal functionality on the DEC terminals that IBM adapted the PC AT Enhanced keyboard layouts from. It's a standard feature on Sun machines too, and can be turned on trivially in Linux. So there are many implementations. Fair enough. I've seen Windows installations where one will work but the other won't. DEC itself included another such tool for Windows 3 with Pathworks. Here's another: http://www.accentcomposer.com/ My point being, it's a popular function and there are multiple implementations. Sadly I don't know of a working one for macOS. I've seen claims and tried them but nothing that actually works. From extensive testing of pretty much all recent distros/desktops - yes, except for the last question. Font rendering is nearly but IMHO not quite as finely-controllable, and can on occasion go badly wrong and look terrible. Saying that, macOS is considerably ahead of Win10 on this front, and also on colour synchronisation. It's more like a competitor to Linux Mint. Both have adapted GNOME 3 to me far more Windows-like. Both have simplified installation, include drivers and codecs that Ubuntu does not. Both have worked on end-user-friendly facilities such as backup, networking, better app stores and so on. Both are more-polished, maybe slightly-better integrated, easier derivatives of Ubuntu. Elementary is a half-baked cosmetic macOS ripoff that doesn't even have a global menu -- just an empty panel. I've tested both. Very similar. Both are GNOME remodelled to be more Windows-like. Mint has its own fork, Cinnamon, with some nice new features such as a richer file manager and default accessories with proper menu bars, not GNOME's annoying "client-side decorations"; Zorin just adapts GNOME with extensions, AFAICT. Mint is free and has a large, active, helpful community. Zorin is paid-for. Honestly, I can't see any good reason to pay for it myself. Zorin Lite isn't bad, though. One of the prettiest, best-customised Xfce deployments I've seen yet, and it's free. I totally disagree. When I was preparing to emigrate in 2014, I put an SSD and a big HDD in my desktop-replacement laptop, and the transformation was a revelation. Ubuntu 14.04 went from booting in only a minute or so to booting in a single-digit number of seconds. It was astonishing. I run Word 97 under WINE on a decade-old Thinkpad running Ubuntu. Opening it is a joy... what was a slow, lardy app when it was new is now lean, mean and fast . To be pedantic: just the window manager of NeXTStep, not the actual "desktop". (Not that real NeXTStep had a separate "window manager" as such.) The whole UI was a lot more complex, and IMHO, probably the best-looking GUI ever designed. There's an effort to bring it back to life via GNUStep, and as a desktop environment, NEXTSpace: https://github.com/trunkmaster/nextspace I moved from the UK to the Czech Republic about 7 years ago. To my bewilderment, almost everyone here seems to prefer what I have learned is strictly called an "orthodox file manager". One job I had, in a Windows-only office, had a site licence for Total Commander: https://www.ghisler.com/ My flatmate bought his own copy. He mostly runs pirated Windows but Total Commander he sees as so essential he paid for it. I don't get it -- I don't hate them but I thought they went away about 25 years ago -- but not everywhere. I used Windows 95, I used xNix from SCO Xenix to AIX to Solaris to Linux to macOS. I don't really get the nostalgia for it, though. I mean, modern versions of these OSes are still around. But there has been AtheOS and Syllable, SkyOS, HelenOS, Redox OS, Genode, now Fuschia. All Unixy, all with Unixy shells, all to me broadly similar in concept. I wonder why people don't attempt to clone or revive other 1990s OSes. For instance, where is the 3rd party clone of classic MacOS? Or of Psion EPOC16 or EPOC32 or Symbian? Those had tens of millions of users, but there's not even a current-ish Classic-MacOS-finder-inspired Linux desktop. I think I remember one called Sparta, but there seems to be no trace of it now. Huh. I did not know that. He hit and killed a motorcyclist while driving his Rolls Royce. https://www.mercurynews.com/2015/11/14/gene-amdahl-father-of... As a motorcyclist who was hit and very nearly killed by a bad driver, that has quite some, er, impact upon me. :-/ This is quite an interesting article, from an unexpected source for a tech piece, but I am really disappointed that it never mentioned probably the most famous previous effort at wafer-scale integration: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wafer-scale_integration ... as backed by Sir Clive Sinclair: Ivor Catt's Anamartic Ltd. http://www.ivorcatt.co.uk/x5as.htm https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ivor_Catt http://www.computinghistory.org.uk/det/8199/Anamartic-Limite... Seconded (& I recommended them to the author of the piece, who didn't listen. :-D ) I have an Umidigi F2, with a 38MP camera, 6GB RAM, 128GB flash, big retina screen -- I neither know nor care the rez -- and a huge battery. It lasted 3 days of intensive use when new, it has a headphone socket and both dual SIM + µSD card slots, and it was an astonishing €125 new. And a totally vanilla Android 10 install that even says it's a Pixel in a couple of places. I'd rather have a ~£150 phone I can replace every 2 years than a ~£300 phone that has to last ~4 years, but others' mileage varies, of course. Including David's. This is my 3rd cheapo Chinese phone and I've been very happy with all of them. The 2nd was a PPTV King 7, AFAIK never sold outside of China, so even when set to English the ROM was partly in Chinese. This one I reflashed with CyanogenMod and it worked well. My camera no longer focused but that was about it. For its time it was _stunning_ and it's still in use by a friend of mine about 5Y after I bought it second-hand. "Blb vlk pln žbrnd zdrhl hrd z mlh Brd skrz vrch Smrk v čtvrť srn Krč." 7 years of study and this language still terrifies me. Yugoslavia was famed for its critical vowel shortage: https://www.ling.upenn.edu/~beatrice/humor/clinton-deploys-v... ... However, speaking as a resident of Czechia, it's worse here. Consider that quote. The word "čtvrť" means _quarter_, as in Latin Quarter or Arab Quarter. It differs from the word "čtvrt" (meaning a quarter of a pizza, say) by the half a diacritic on the final letter T: ť. That diacritic modifies the following vowel — for example the famous shoe company is not Bata (bar-ta) but Baťa (bar-tya). In "čtvrť" the háček modifies the following vowel that isn't there and thus changes the meaning of the word. Czech is czallenging. You're good! Better than me, but then I started old. 46 is a hell of an age to tackle your first Slavic language. There's a breakdown here on Reddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/czech/comments/1l3tdw/new_longest_c... Brd, Smrk and Krč are places. "Zdrhl": escaped; "hrd": proudly; "srn" is a doe, a female deer. Nobody seems to know "žbrnd", but this is admittedly purposely difficult language, showing off how much is possible without vowels. I have to question "perfect functionality". Even 25 years ago, on Slashdot I could tell it not to show comments with less than a certain number of upvotes, and thus filter out a lot of the dross from busy conversations. I can't do that on HN. I can do something like it on Reddit, although I know of no "expand all" functionality, but on HN it's all or nothing. That is imperfect to say the least. I thought so too! That's why I posted it, of course. Every paragraph had something new to make my eyebrows reach for the sky. Interesting thing about "embiggen" -- the Simpsons _didn't_ invent it. It was already a thing, the show merely popularized it. It's a century older. Merriam may not know, but the OED does: https://www.lexico.com/definition/embiggen Cromulent yes; embiggen no. See https://www.lexico.com/definition/embiggen Agreed. It was striking to see so many people in this thread praising _Rainbows End_, which I personally found unreadable. Context: personal SF collection of a few thousand volumes, can devour a good book in a day even it's 1000-pager. But RE defeated me. A decade or so back I got to take a tour of London's Italian Quarter. It's mostly gone now but fragments still exist, like the Chiappa mechanical-organ factory: https://www.facebook.com/chiappalimited It would be an amazingly cool hack to adapt a pipe-organ to play Midi tracks off a USB key. Or, the flipside, to design a machine that could print pipe-organ rolls from MIDI tracks. It got named Warp as a marketing thing from v3.0 onwards. Apparently it was a codename that went public: https://microsoft.fandom.com/wiki/OS/2#1994.E2.80.931996:_Th... OS/2 2.x included a lot of 16-bit code in an allegedly 32-bit OS. 3.x replaced most of this, was supposed to be faster and more stable as a result, and it also included the ability to incorporate your existing install of Windows 3 and run it under OS/2 in place of the previously-bundled "WinOS2". So it could take your existing 16-bit OS and apps and warp them into a new 32-bit OS that could use hundreds of megs of RAM and multitask dozens of apps. It was meant to indicate "warp speed", Star Trek style, but IBM didn't get permission first... https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2019/11/half-... That was my preferred Linux text editor for a while, too. These days, I use Tilde, which is modern, maintained, and packaged for contemporary distros. https://os.ghalkes.nl/tilde/ I suggest that you need to look at the historical context of it. When DOS was the uncontested king of business computing, user interfaces were all over the place. Every app had its own UI, its own keystrokes, its own everything. To steal some text I wrote for Wikipedia: In WordPerfect, the command to open a file was F7, 3. In Lotus 1-2-3, a file was opened with / (to open the menus), F (for File), R (for Retrieve). In Microsoft Word, a file was opened with Esc (to open the menus), T (for Transfer), L (for Load). It was a mess and a significant effort to learn multiple apps. Then classic MacOS and MS Windows started to introduce the idea of uniform UIs, where programs had the same menu bar with the same core menus with the same commands on them, opened and navigated with the same keystrokes. It made life so much easier. A lot of apps came across, even big-name ones -- for instance MS Word (v5.0, proprietary 2-line menus at the bottom of the screen; v5.5, CUA menu bar); WordPerfect (added CUA menus in v5); Borland Quattro; etc. And if you have a standard menu bar, then you more or less need to have dialog boxes as part of the UI. Once you go that far, you may as well apply it to multiple documents support and so on. And so you end up with a familiar, more-or-less harmonious UI across different apps from different vendors, and for the first time it became possible to operate a program you'd never seen before first time. This was a huge win for usability, accessibility, and it saved time, effort and stress for millions of people. It was a triumph. That UI persists today in most modern FOSS apps and desktops, except for intentional rebels like GNOME 3, who want to make us all use phones with big screens. If I am going to use a text editor, say, in the shell sometimes, then YES I want it to use the same UI I have in my GUI session, with the same keystrokes and menu options. Life is much to short to learn some crappy half-assed UI from the 1970s because a bunch of old dudes with beards have loved it ever since. Even if I am an old dude with a beard now. Oh, great! Happy to help. I've been using it for years now -- it's becoming a faithful friend, to the bafflement of my colleagues who are mostly Vi(m) or Emacs fans. The one thing it doesn't do for me is pick up Git commit templates, so for that I have to have my default set to `mc`. I don't know why that one thing doesn't function. OK. Interesting. I'm 53, so yes, we're close. But I _strongly_ disagree. In fact I think I could reasonably say that I couldn't disagree more. I thought it was a huge win when DOS and console-mode apps adopted the general Windows-like UI. I worked in support back then. I had to learn many dozens of apps to support them. For instance... In word processors, on DOS alone I worked with MS Word, WordPerfect, DisplayWrite, MultiMate, WordStar (classic, 1512 (i.e. Express), & 2000 — all different), Samna Executive, PC-Write, VolksWriter, XyWrite, Protext, PFS:Write, and also LocoScript (from the Amstrad PCW, later on DOS). Probably others. Spreadsheets: Lotus 1-2-3, Lotus Symphony, AsEasyAs, SuperCalc, Quattro, MS Multiplan. Probably more. I had to learn all of them, all separately, either at least the basics (I think Samna is the only one that defeated me there), or in multiple cases, pretty much inside-out. I mean, as an example, I didn't consider myself a guru, but I interviewed for https://www.newtonim.com/ in about 1992 and I got a record-best score (about 98%) in their test of my WordPerfect and 1-2-3 skills. Neither was even my favourite program of its type! It was a massive pain. I mean, yes, you're right, some of them were highly efficient interfaces. I didn't hate 1-2-3 or MS Word for their idiosyncratic 2-line menus. You had to memorize them to be fast and efficient, but it wasn't that hard and once you had, it was as you say very quick. Unlike, say, WordPerfect with its wretched Ctrl-F3, Alt-F6, Shift-F2, Alt-Shift-F8 workflow. Horrible and basically impossible to discover. If you didn't have that little cardboard keyboard template, you were doomed. But I didn't have the luxury of picking 1 app of each type and using only those. At work I used PCs with PC DOS, at home I used CP/M and Locoscript, later Acorn RISC OS, later still OS/2 2. I did charts and DTP on classic MacOS. All totally different, and my job meant knowing _all_ of the leading contenders in all categories. Sure it was possible to write attractive, efficient, DOS menuing systems. Novell's DOS menuing system on Netware clients and on the server itself was fast, easy, efficient, and attractive. So was 3Com 3+Share -- probably last seen by most people in the config tool for the classic 3C509 NIC. But they were totally different from one another. So if you only used MS Word, good for you. I envy you the simplicity that may have lent. But for those of us who changed apps considerably more than every day -- more like ever hour of every day -- no, the profusion of DOS UIs was a complete pain in the neck and made my job 10× more difficult. So when they all went away, replaced by a text-only version of the Windows/CUA guidelines, I celebrated. It made my life so very much easier. Which is why now, 3 decades later, I absolutely refuse to learn the horrid 1970s BS UIs of Emacs or Vim. I don't care how powerful they are. I'm not interested. I gave that rubbish up in about 1990-1991 and for me all those proprietary UIs died once the next-gen ones came along. Comply with the standards, or FOAD. Believe me, tech support is actual work. Without it, all those writers and accountants wouldn't get much done. The CUA interface is perfectly efficient and works very well. It doesn't need a mouse, although you can use one if it's there. As I said: I was a skilled user of a bunch of the leading pre-CUA DOS apps, and I can navigate a CUA interface using hotkeys very quickly and efficiently without a pointing device. Occasionally, over the years, astounded onlookers have asked how it's possible that I can operate Windows so quickly. The answer is that I don't use the mouse much, and the reason is that in my first job, my employers didn't own a PC mouse. They sold Macs; if you wanted to do graphical pointy-clicky stuff, you bought a Mac. I decided that Windows looked like it was useful and could be big one day, so I installed Windows 2.01 and learned to use it... without a mouse. The same keystrokes mostly still work today, from obvious ones like Ctrl+S to save, Ctrl+X/C/V for Cut/Copy/Paste, to less-known ones like Ctrl-W for Close Window and Alt-F4 for Close Program. Alt-Space for the window control menu, then X to maXimise, etc. It's a common but spurious argument to claim that because one knows one particular program well and can operate it very quickly, that this fact in some way indicates that the program's UI is particularly efficient or well-designed or something. It isn't. It just means that that individual knows it well. The basic concepts of the desktop GUI were nicknamed WIMP: Windows, Icons, Menus, Pointer. Well, each of those works fine in isolation. Icons are a useful abstraction all on their own; for instance, iOS and Android make very extensive use of the "I" part without the "W," "M" or "P". By the same token, the W and M parts -- windows and menus -- work very well without a GUI. It's very handy that the same keystrokes that let me drive Geany or Mousepad or Notepad also work fine in Tilde or MS-DOS Edit. They're no less efficient. Ctrl+S Ctrl-W to Save then Close is just as quick as ^KS ^KD, or !wq, or C-s C-x, or Shift+F3, Ctrl+F4. But what's a huge boon to my or anyone's efficiency is that once I've learned Ctrl+S, say, it works in thousands of programs on multiple OSes. C-s C-x or Shift-F3 don't work in anything except the one particular app they were designed for. This is not a difficult or obscure principle. Proprietary UI = bad. Open shared UI = good. :-) > they're waiting until a big wealthy organization depends on it > before they can spring their trap I don't think they can any more. The principle of laches applies: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laches_(equity) This is why Microsoft's threats against the Linux desktop in around 2007 failed: the IP that they claimed, the Windows 95 desktop look and feel -- Start menu, taskbar etc. -- is stuff that Microsoft 100% did invent, but 12 years later is... Well, _the Hitch-hiker's Guide to the Galaxy_ was published 42 years ago today, and it still rings true. To quote Chapter 3 of the Guide: "You've had plenty of time to lodge any formal complaint and it's far too late to start making a fuss about it now." ZFS has been included in Ubuntu since 16.04. Oracle has known and has had five years to raise an objection. It has not done so. It is now too late, by the principle of laches. It may try, of course, but the lawsuit should be pretty brief because the defense is right there: why didn't Oracle file a complaint in 2016? I have been using Waterfox Classic as my default browser on half a dozen boxes since 2017, on Ubuntu, openSUSE, Windows 10 and macOS. AMA. :-) I customised Firefox fairly heavily, with an assortment of over a dozen addons I'd just accumulated over the years. Firefox Quantum broke all but 2 of them and destroyed the program's usefulness to me. Waterfox imported my profile intact and allows me to keep my customisations. I have a vertical tab bar on the left (flat _not_ hierarchical) which is also merged with the bookmarks toolbar, also flattened. I have two download managers, one for ordinary small downloads in a tab, and another that can resume downloads, segment and parallelise large downloads, detect and bypass redirect pages and so on. Another addon automatically detects [Next] links and preloads the content into the first page, so you a big single page instead of multiple sub-pages. Another supplies anonymous login details from a shared public database. Another sorts and dedupes my several thousand bookmarks. Oh, and on Ubuntu with Unity, Waterfox's menu bar automatically appears in my top panel. Firefox for some baffling reason hides its menu bar, but if enabled, it doesn't go into the top panel and instead wastes a strip of my laptop's fairly small screen. And so on and so on. Firefox Quantum destroyed all this and delivers an IMHO fairly poor user experience which is as bad as Chrome's and in no way preferable to Chrome. I have found some workarounds, for instance a vertical tab bar, but I have to enable a setting that enables user customisation, then I have to add a subdirectory to my profile and put some CSS in it in order to hide the crappy horizontal tabs and the pointless header row in the sidebar. It's a pain. WebExtensions are sad crippled little things compared to the power of XUL and they don't allow you to to really change the UI of the browser. My impression is that today's Firefox developers don't really know or understand what people did with the tools that turn-of-the-century Mozilla provided us with. Since they didn't have a clue what was possible, they decided to rip the whole lot out and fob us off with pathetic Chrome-style extensions, Chrome-style tabs, and Chrome-style lack of customisability. So I switched to a power user's browser that still lets me do this stuff. There is no cost to me and contrary to what other commenters claim I can see no performance difference whatsoever. I have kept Firefox around on my Linux boxes because Github bitches about Waterfox, and apart from being much more clunky, Firefox 93 gives me nothing at all. No better speed, no better stability, about 1% of the selection of addons and they're crippled things. TBH I thought this would be a temporary thing, but it's been four years now and Waterfox Classic is still going strong. Mozilla, OTOH, has totally lost its way and seems to be flailing. Look, I get it, YMMV and all that. What I am saying is that in this case, I put it to you that this is more than simply a matter of opinion and personal preference. There are demonstrable, measurable advantages to this approach. Knowledgeable users can work on unfamiliar programs immediately by using standard keystrokes and via prior knowledge of how the menus will work. Unskilled users, so long as the machine has a mouse configured, can simply use the console/terminal app in the same way as they're used to, by point-and-click. I get that you hate it. What I am trying to tell you is that I _really_ like it. It is a _strong_ preference of mine, I find it asthetically pleasing as well as convenient, and I hate and refuse to fight with non-compliant apps that don't use it. Including _both_ of the xNix world's favourite editors, Vim and Emacs -- I hate both -- *and* all the alternatives people recommend: Joe, Pico, Nano, etc. I get that you have a preference. That is your choice. But you are trying to make out that it's a universal truth, that your opinion is an objective fact, and it's not. Whether you, or anyone, likes it is neither here nor there. It helps. It works. It's useful. It makes life easier. And if the price of that is that some people's aesthetic sensibilities are offended, well... sorry dude, tough. This. Custom PC was founded at Dennis Publishing, the UK publishers of PC Pro, Computer Shopper UK, MacUser UK, Computer Buyer & multiple other titles. I wrote for most of them, starting out on the staff of PC Pro and later I wrote the Linux column for Custom PC for its first year. (After that, they cancelled both their columns, sadly.) It's a good mag with a high level of tech expertise. They generously kept my free contributor's subscription running for well over a decade. :-) Dennis seems to be outsourcing its magazines now, and CPC got spun off to an independent production company headed by its editor, Ben Hardwidge, who I know personally from our previous career intersections. They've always given a lot of coverage to the RasPi and RasPi-related projects. Which is probably why the RasPi Foundation bought it. :-) I used to use 1152×864. It worked well on 17" CRTs, and now I look it up, it just fit into 1MB of VRAM in a 256-colour mode. Also see Sun's 1152×900 and Apple's 1152×870 (albeit that was on a much bigger screen). https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graphics_display_resolution#11... Classic MacOS screen modes always tried to deliver square pixels, in contrast to IBM/PC-compatible screen modes where pixels were rectangular. Apple also tried to stick to a consistent 72dpi for a long time. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dots_per_inch#Computer_monitor... What is there not to understand? This is not hard or complex. I am guessing that if you are not getting what the problem is here, you must be pretty young and have good eyesight. Perhaps you also mainly use single-screen setups. (By comparison, I am 53, myopic, and normally wear varilux spectacles to give me different focal lengths which my eyes' lenses can no longer provide.) As an example: I have 3 screens on my work setup. A 24" screen in portrait (80dpi), a 22" in landscape (87dpi) and the laptop's built-in 12½" (110dpi). The difference between the 2 external screens is not really noticeable, but the internal screen's density is significantly higher. When I put windows on that display, their contents become much smaller, to the extent that they are hard to read. That is the problem here. On my Macs, when I attach an external screen, the OS adjusts the scaling factor so that windows, text, controls and so on are the same size on all displays. You can even position a window over the split between monitors and the OS adjusts the contents on the fly. X.org can't do that. You get one global scaling factor for all displays. I would like my internal screen to show its contents at 1¼× the size of the external screens, but X.org can't do that. Wayland can, but I don't like most of the desktops that run on Wayland. I can't stand GNOME and dislike KDE. I prefer Xfce or Ubuntu Unity -- but they don't run on Wayland. (Yet, in the case of Xfce.) This leaves 2 less-than-ideal choices: run LCDs at non-native resolutions in order to roughly match on-screen sizes, or put up with things changing size and possibly being unreadably small. These options are tolerable on standard-definition screens, but they aren't on HiDPI screens. Worse still, a mixture of HiDPI and SD screens can be totally unusable. OK, fair enough. I don't think that's one I saw, then. I do recall netbooks with 1024×600 screens, which were a bit of a pain. E.g. in Ubuntu Netbook Edition, LibreOffice dialog boxes wouldn't fit on the screen -- they extended off the bottom. Meaning you couldn't reach the "OK" or "Cancel" buttons. >_ Another fun exercise was configuring an old Dell PowerEdge server I had, connected to a very old mono VGA monitor. *Really* VGA: it maxed out at 640×480 -- but sitting on top of the server, it fit under my table and it didn't draw much power. Every allegedly text-only server Linux distro I tried -- I remember Ubuntu Server & Debian, but probably more -- had an 800×600 graphical splash screen, which sent my monitor into conniptions so that I then couldn't complete the setup process. This was a problem with Windows Server 2008, too. It assumed you had unaccelerated SVGA graphics and couldn't and wouldn't do actual VGA mode. I had to identify my motherboard GPU, find a Vista driver for it, install it, accept a compatibility warning, and then I could forcibly choose the monitor type and pick IBM PS/2 VGA. Then Windows believed me and displayed a 640×480 mode that my screen could show. Ha! :-D Hi. Author here. Yes, I do occasionally use Excel (although I favour LibreOffice for most things these days.) TBH, though, this is I think the first time I have ever heard of anyone wanting this behaviour. Usually I heard about people who couldn't understand why they were no longer able to scroll around their spreadsheet in the usual way. I'm vaguely glad to learn that someone somewhere does want this! [Story submitter, FWIW] Oh, they definitely did – I used it myself. I think these shenanigans were mainly to counter 3rd parties from connecting to AIM. MSN tried to very briefly, I think, but AOL attacked GAIM (now called Pidgin) consistently for years. JOOI: the author of the piece is the same person who uncovered Microsoft's AARD code that made Windows 3.1 fake failing on DR-DOS. Dirty tricks were routine back then. Out of interest, Geoff Chappell is the same man who uncovered one of Microsoft's dirtiest tricks: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AARD_code Fantastic detail! Thanks for that. Thanks for linking to it. That was a fun piece to write. :-) If you want to experience something really radically different from the rest of 21st century computing, try RISC OS on one of them. https://www.riscosdev.com/projects/ RISC OS is the original native OS for the ARM chip. It's still alive, actively maintained and developed, and it's FOSS now. It's a 1980s OS that predates NeXTstep and Windows 3, let alone Linux, which means a unique (but very effective and elegant) GUI, and a shell, that are totally unlike anything else you've ever seen. It's a 35 year old OS. Don't expect miracles. It doesn't support wifi or multiple cores, but it's very very fast and responsive on a single core of a RasPi, and there is a big software library with hundreds of freeware titles and some commercial stuff too. Thank you for so delicately pointing out the problem/joke here -- I hadn't noticed it, not even back then. My question is: in what English accents do "four" and "fore" *not* sound alike? Foodbar 2000 FTW. https://www.foobar2000.org/ Tiny, fast, simple, does the job. There's an Android version too, which is my go-to audio player, because of its simplicity. Both FOSS. Sounds good, but I'd move for the total removal and banning of all JS and other scripting. Otherwise, what's the point? Oh! My bad. I mistook the SDK and projectM source download links for the app itself. I apologise for the misleading comment. I have long felt that, given the problems of the Python 2→3 migration, the Python devs should have done the same. :-) Fascinating. Thank you. It is extremely hard for me to even _imagine_ this, as apparently my native accents both contain this merger. This is a rare experience for me, but a previous occurrence was discussing the rhotic-R phenomenon. Oh, nice. :-D Blast. Didn't even notice. Sorry! DEBUG g=c800:5 From 30-year-old memory. Yes, we actually had to do stuff like this. When I started my first job in the late 1980s, it was normal for hard disks to have a little label with a list of the (known) bad blocks on the drive. (Hand-written by someone at the factory on the first (circa 15-20MB) disks I used; later, on things like big ESDI disks, dot-matrix printed.) In some formatting tools, you had to manually enter them; formats took a long time, so eliminating retries on bad blocks could save half an hour. Novell Netware came with its own low-level formatter called `COMPSURF`: COMPrehensive SURFace analysis. Dozens of people would be sharing a server's hard disk, so data losses would be extra-bad -- and might well bring down the server, losing everyone's work. Note: the assumption in the early days of Novell was that workstations didn't have hard disks of their own and booted off the server too, making a LAN tens of thousands of £/$ cheaper than giving everyone their own HDD. Running COMPSURF before you installed took hours . Server HDDs were big -- hundreds of megabytes! Scanning all that took ages. I can only take a guess: that for a TSR on an early DOS PC, you really wanted it to be small. TSRs took a significant chunk of your base memory, and as you only got 640 kB of that, you wanted to save as much as you could. In the later days of DOS, programs grew so big that they wanted all of that 640 kB to themselves. Optional-extra type TSRs went out of fashion and DOS (first DR DOS 5, then MS played copy-cat with MS-DOS 5) gained built-in memory managers to load necessary TSRs (e.g. CD, mouse and keyboard drivers, disk cache, etc.) into Upper Memory Blocks. UMBs were a 386 thing: you used a 386 memory manager to map any unused bits of the I/O space in the PC's memory map (i.e. from 641 kB up to 1 MB) as RAM. Anything that wasn't being used for ROM or memory-mapped I/O, you could put RAM there and then load TSRs into these little chunks of RAM -- 1 or 2 dozen kB of RAM each. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Upper_memory_area Yes, we were that desperate for base memory. It didn't matter if you had 2 or 4 or 16MB of RAM, DOS could only run programs in the 1st 1 MB of it, and only freely use the first ⅓ of that first meg. All the rest could only be used for data, disk caches, and other non-executable stuff. A side-effect of having a 386 memory manager, for real DOS power users, was that fancy 3rd party ones like Quarterdeck QEMM could also offer multitasking. Quarterdeck sold a tool called DESQview that let you run multiple DOS programs side-by-side and switch between them -- radical stuff in the 1980s. But once you had that, you didn't need TSRs any more. So write one and send a PR? :-) You're not entirely wrong. I thought the same thing. The info is buried well down the page: « Wx86 is a new component under development for Windows NT which runs most x86 Win32 applications seamlessly and unmodified on RISC platforms. » It sounds to me like a MS version of something Digital successfully implemented and shipped under the name FX!32: https://www.usenix.org/legacy/publications/library/proceedin... Wikipedia has a précis: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FX!32 My suspicion is that the HURD folk seized on new shiny that was not finished enough, and it's dogged the project ever since. Periodically the already-inadequate number of people have got diverted by investigating L4, then CoyotOS, then Viengoos. I also submit that to understand why that happened, one needs to consider the context at the time that the decision was made: http://www.h-online.com/open/features/GNU-HURD-Altered-visio... http://www.groklaw.net/article.php?story=20050727225542530 « RMS was a very strong believer -- wrongly, I think -- in a very greedy-algorithm approach to code reuse issues. My first choice was to take the BSD 4.4-Lite release and make a kernel. I knew the code, I knew how to do it. It is now perfectly obvious to me that this would have succeeded splendidly and the world would be a very different place today. RMS wanted to work together with people from Berkeley on such an effort. Some of them were interested, but some seem to have been deliberately dragging their feet: and the reason now seems to be that they had the goal of spinning off BSDI. A GNU based on 4.4-Lite would undercut BSDI. So RMS said to himself, "Mach is a working kernel, 4.4-Lite is only partial, we will go with Mach." It was a decision which I strongly opposed. But ultimately it was not my decision to make, and I made the best go I could at working with Mach and doing something new from that standpoint. This was all way before Linux; we're talking 1991 or so. » -- Friar Thomas Bushnell They looked at BSD. The BSD people were not sure, so RMS decided on another path. If GNU had picked the BSD kernel, there could have been a working Free xNix before Linux and things would have been very different. Secondly, I think it's important when discussing microkernels and microkernel OSes to consider more than the most famous one: Mac OS X. Xnu is based on Mach, but it's not a pure microkernel: its Xnu kernel contains a large, in-kernel "Unix server" derived from BSD code. This was done for performance reasons – remember, macOS is Mac OS X is NeXTstep, written for a 25MHz 68040 in around 1987-1988. There are better examples. QNX is probably the best: a working, true-microkernel, Unix-like OS, dating from 1982 . At one point shared-source but not any longer. There is also Minix 3, which is a different OS from Minix 1 & 2, the OS that inspired Linux and upon which Linux was initially bootstrapped. Minix 3 is still quite limited: no SMP, some missing APIs etc. But QNX proves that a true microkernel, on generic hardware such as x86 and ARM, can support SMP and so on. Yeah, no, I think you remember incorrectly. Quattro Pro was a DOS app, but it had a look-and-feel that resembled PC GEOS. What you're thinking of as Amí Pro, I don't know. Samna Amí was a Windows app from the beginning – the first Windows word processor, I think. MS Word 5.5 & 6 had a CUA appearance, but drawn in text mode. WordPerfect 6.x for DOS does have an optional graphics mode that is superficially Windows/GEOS-like. I think you're remembering in an odd backwards fashion. Windows 3.1 had an option for "32-bit Disk Access" when running in 386 Enhanced Mode. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/32-bit_disk_access Windows for Workgroups 3.11 (but not ordinary Win 3.11, nor any version of 3.1) also offered 32-bit File Access: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/32-bit_file_access So WfWg 3.11 -- and only that version -- could do 32-bit disk, filesystem and networking. DOS did have print spooling from v2.0, via the `PRINT` command, but very few DOS apps used that. https://home.csulb.edu/~murdock/print.html DOS did not not include any form of printer drivers, making DOS printer access fairly useless to apps that could actually control the printer. DOS apps therefore mostly did their own printer control -- and spooling, if any -- so that they could use advanced features such as bold, underline, italics, small fonts or double-width fonts. Soft fonts appeared quite late on DOS; WordPerfect was quite famous for its advanced font and printer control. Scalable fonts only really came with Windows 3.1, which drove printers in graphics mode -- slow, noisy, and with poor print quality, but it enabled WYSIWYG. [Article author here, FWIW] By Xmas? That's... optimistic. (!) Come on. "Related" can be used two different ways: [1] This software is related to that software -- as in, they shared code, or a design, or something. PC GEM is related to Atari ST GEM; PC GEOS is related to C64 GEOS. [2] software A is relevant to software B, and if one is considering A one should also know about B. I think which is meant here is clear. Yeah, that's fair. Sorry. I replied to the wrong person. My bad. The processor that runs the RasPi is not the ARM chip; it is the GPU. The GPU initialises and starts the computer, then it kicks the ARM core(s) into life. The GPU itself runs the proprietary ThreadX RTOS, which is now owned by Microsoft. https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/rtos/#components So you have two fully-working hands, then? Good for you. Try to remember that lots of people don't. Some don't have 2 hands. Some do but one doesn't work. Some do but have difficulty coordinating both. Some do but are using one to hold the device, or using one to support the other hand. Some do but it hurts to use both at the same time, or it hurts to stretch their good hand from shift to some of the letters. Try to think just slightly outside of your own use case. Try to remember that not everyone is able-bodied. There are a lot of devices designed and intended for people with disabilities, but which are affordable only because they sell most of their production to non-disabled people, such as the Jarkey. You don't think about it but you benefit from it. Learn to think about such things, and you will become a better, more pleasant human being, and that means that you will enjoy your life more. > With the arrival of built-in Windows Networking in Windows 98 This is not correct. Windows 95 had built-in networking from launch and an email client on the desktop. (It did not have a bundled web browser at launch, but it had networking including TCP/IP and dial-up.) Built-in networking arrived with Windows for Workgroups 3.1 in 1992, and became mainstream with Windows for Workgroups 3.11 in 1993, because of the performance enhancements of 32-bit File Access. From '93 on almost all PCs shipped with WfWg 3.11 as the sole default version. WfWg 3.11 had an optional extra add-on delivering 32-bit TCP/IP, and Internet Explorer was a free download that gave it dial-up TCP/IP. https://winworldpc.com/product/microsoft-tcp-ip-32/tcpip-32-... Also, Windows NT launched in 1993, with built-in networking including TCP/IP over wired and dial-up networks. But networking does not and did not equal TCP/IP. DOS and Windows 3.x defaulted to NetBIOS, with optional IPX/SPX for Novell Netware, which was the dominant PC networking standard from the late 1980s. Until the mid-1990s, TCP/IP was a niche protocol only needed if you wanted to communicate with expensive RISC-based UNIX™ workstations. Microsoft used NetBEUI. Novell used IPX. Apple used AppleTalk. DEC used DECnet. IBM used lots of protocols including DLC but didn't use Ethernet all that much -- it had its own network system, Token Ring -- so you needed special hardware to talk to IBM kit and only IBM-centric businesses used it much. TL;DR -- this is wrong; MS OSes had built-in networking as standard from 1993, a full 5 years earlier. Yes, but it's not a desktop/laptop OS. Everyone is forgetting ChromeOS. Only @petepete seems to have mentioned it. It is by far the dominant desktop/laptop Linux in the world. ChromeBooks run nothing else and have been consistently selling 20 to 30 million units per year for half a decade or so. Roughly as many ChromeBooks sell annually as the historic total desktop users of all distros put together since desktop distros first appeared. It is eminently usable by the general public without training or documentation. LANs in office networks were certainly entirely mainstream in the first half of the 1990s. When I started my first job in London in 1991, we had just one client who _didn't_ have an office network. That was considered unusual but it was an intentional management decision, intended to slow the possible spread of malware and increase real-life face-to-face staff communication. What wasn't mainstream was them being based on TCP/IP. These days, networking and TCP/IP seem synonymous, but that's just how it happens to be this century. Networking, mostly over Ethernet, initially Thin Ethernet (10base-2), in wide use as a common office tool predated the rise of TCP/IP by a good 15 years or so. Some early adopters were using it 20+ years earlier. Network protocols then were a bit like OSes are now. Many people use Windows but lots use Macs, some use *BSD, a few still use commercial UNIX, etc., and there are things like ChromeOS, thin clients over RDP, and stuff. It's not at all homogenous and it's hard to even say there's a clear majority for any one OS: Windows has the edge, but not by a lot any more. Well, in the era of MS-DOS, Novell was the server OS of choice for almost everyone, with rivalry from 3Com and its 3+Share MS-DOS-based server OS; 3+Share was related to MS LAN Manager, which was in OS/2 and led to 3+Open. They all used NetBEUI. LAN Manager also ran on VMS thanks to DEC Pathworks, running over DECnet, which was handy because it also supported terminal sessions -- remember, this is before SSH -- and X.11 and DEC email and more. Focussing on big businesses was Banyan VINES, with its own protocol derived from Xerox's Alto and so on. This had the first network directory. Novell designed Netware 4, with NDS, as a direct response to Banyan's StreetTalk, and in the NT 3.x era it kicked Microsoft's behind in the market; the tide only turned with NT 4. Speaking of big enterprises, email was common long before LANs or TCP/IP. All big DEC users and IBM users had those companies' email systems. Small firms used dial-up to pre-Internet service providers -- I used CIX, which dominated in Britain. My 1991 CIX email address is still live and still works. Americans favoured CompuServe, AKA Compu$erve, but it was too expensive in Europe where we pay for local calls too. This stuff is, ballpark, a quarter of a century older than TCP/IP and Internet-based networking. And given that that is only about 25 years old, what I am saying is that widespread LAN use didn't begin with Win98. At the time, Win98 wasn't even a blip; it was nicknamed "GameOS" in enterprise IT circles and few companies even considered it. NT 4 was where it was at, and it launched with full TCP/IP support two whole years before Win98. So no, Win98's networking didn't begin anything at all. It wasn't significant in any way, then or now. Win98 was a home OS for standalone PCs with dial-up, but it merely took over from Win95 which created that market. The rise of TCP networking in business LANs arguably began with Windows NT, but NT 3.x wasn't very significant, and NT itself arrived about half way through the lifetime of business use of machine-to-machine communications, email, groupware, etc. from its beginning to now. If you want to argue that integrated networking in Windows was a significant turn, that I won't argue with. But it began 5 years before Win98, with Windows for Workgroups and Windows NT. The fact that _now_ it looks big and significant that it's when TCP/IP became the default is an emergent artifact of the current focus on IP. It wasn't at the time. Email is a 1960s thing. The Internet started to become significant in the 1970s, long after email. Corporate LANs rose in prominence in the 1980s and by the 1990s were almost a given. Macintosh-based companies (mostly in design, print, repro etc.) did direct peer-to-peer comms over ISDN. In the 1990s, for most people, TCP/IP only ran over dial-up modem connections, and it was contemporaneous with the industry moving to 10base-T: Ethernet over UTP replacing Ethernet over Coax. For a time, the obvious successor to 10base-T looked to be ATM, which is a protocol at well as a cabling system; TCP/IP had to be tunnelled over ATM, but it looked clear for a while that ATM was the future. 100base-T (Fast Ethernet) was just one contender among several. But actually, as it happened, TCP/IP rose vastly in importance, and networking switched to 100base-T and then wifi. LANs switched to IP in the 21st century but they were a roughly 20-year-old, established, totally normal technology then. Yes, IBM Model M. I have about 5, which I saved from being thrown out in the 1990s. I carried one in my luggage when I emigrated, 7 years ago. I've used it in 4 office jobs over 5 years, with a grand total of 2 (two) people complaining in all that time. 1991 model with buckling springs, UK layout. The best PC keyboard ever made (I intentionally exclude Macs -- that'd be the AEK1, followed by AEK2 -- possibly with early DEC VT terminals in the early 1980s). The hype about noise is totally overrated. A DOS app that had a GEOS-like look and feel. It's mentioned here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GEOS_(16-bit_operating_system)... It was a DOS app with a self-drawn GUI -- you can see some screenshots here: https://winworldpc.com/screenshot/c2a0050c-c2a8-2d60-11c3-a4... ... and here: https://winworldpc.com/screenshot/c389727e-5fc2-bac3-bd11-c3... There is slow but active development. Occasionally new releases appear. There is a new, active distro under development. I don't think this fits the definition of "dead". Not very lively, but not dead. [Blog post author here] I agree. Um, perhaps I should have used a less obscure word than "odious"? :-) "arousing or deserving hatred or repugnance; hateful; an odious crime; a false and odious comparison." This does neglect the reason, which was well-known at the time and may be forgotten by now. MS was subject to a monopoly lawsuit by the US Department of Justice back then, and was trying to show that IE was an inextricable part of the Windows OS. If IE were just a web browser, you could remove it and the OS would still function just fine; but if it's also the desktop, you can't uninstall it without crippling the OS -- therefore, it's part of the OS and MS couldn't be told to remove it. And that's the only real reason. The slight side-note being that "Active Desktop" was multithreaded, like the MacOS 8 Finder. In Win95 or MacOS 7, if you started a file copy (for example), the whole desktop froze until the copy was done. You couldn't do anything else except sit there and watch the progress bar. In MacOS 8, the Finder (the program that drew the desktop) got multi-threading along with lots of other improvements (desktop drawers, an easily-customisable Apple menu, and more). Start a big file operation and you could go do something else while it sat there working away in the background. IE4's Active Desktop brought this to Win95 OSR3, Win98, and NT 4 if you installed IE4. But it was the only improvement. The rest was, as you say, bloat. [Blog post author here] True enough, but I slightly disagree. I had an account on it and I used the MSN. It was pretty good for its time, and streets ahead of AOL or CompuServe. Eventually it devolved into being just an instant messenger and a news website, and now, the instant messenger is gone. Secondly, if you didn't use MSN, you could just totally ignore it and it imposed no system load. In that way, it's comparable to Windows Movie Maker in XP: totally pointless if you don't need that, and you can't remove it or choose not to install it, but doesn't actually do anything at all and can be ignored. Whereas Active Desktop could not be ignored or removed (except by doing a custom install with 98Lite, which is why I linked to it) and it was necessary to use it to use the OS at all. [Blog post author here] You are not sure about which bit? Lotus Notes became IBM. Nothing to do with Novell. Novell's equivalent was Groupwise. I used it until 2018. It was... not great. But it didn't depend on TCP/IP. I don't think Notes depended upon TCP/IP until Domino came along in a much later version (5? 6? No idea. Last used it in 2007 and didn't like it then.) [Blog post author here] It never went away. I've had my main blog there since 2002 and tech one since 2006. It works, it's free. I don't have a paid account and never have, and I do not see the problems people mention because I have a working ad-blocker. I am sorry for those who don't. That is not how I remember it, from *extensive* use at the time, but I would have to spin up a VM to try it. I don't think you're right. The OS was still running; you could switch to an app and keep working, for instance. But Explorer had only 1 thread, AFAICR, and a large file operation visibly locked that thread. Good heavens. So there was someone. How about that? BTW & FWIW, I'd say "bloat" means something that you don't need that adds complexity, memory overhead, and attack surface to a product, and probably makes it slower, use more disk, and generally makes it heavier and less responsive. I don't think desktop wallpaper counts as any of that. The memory usage is trivial, it needs no CPU or disk space, and it has no UI after it's been set. It's chrome: unnecessary functionality added only to improve the visual appearance -- but in my definitions it's not bloat. OK, yes, that's entirely fair, although I have to say that in 1998, 1024×768 was quite big and asking for it in true colour as well would be… optimistic. I think it got swapped out as soon as it could be, though. I remember moving windows aside on low-end machines and hearing the hard disk chug as it loaded the previously-obscured bits of the desktop image back in, scaled them and redrew them. (I don't remember when Windows gained the ability to scale the wallpaper. IIRC, it was in the Windows 95 PowerToys – the base OS couldn't do it. I think it also only understood `.BMP` files originally. JPG and other compressed formats only came later – probably in 98, come to think. I had a few such machines that could do 1024×768×24, but they were pro-grade kit, and as such, I ran NT 4 on them, not GameOS®™. About 1997 or so I was rather proud of my Pentium II 450 MHz in a Baby-AT case ( not ATX) which had 2 Matrox cards, allowing me to run a dual-head desktop at 2048×768. I think I then went from 2×14" screens to 2×15" which allowed me to run twice 1152×864: 2304×864. So… much… desktop! I think it depended on the disk controller, no? https://www.philscomputerlab.com/windows-98-dma-mode.html I wrote about this in PC Pro in about 1995-1996. Because it had a true pre-emptive kernel, it could do other stuff while waiting for disk I/O, and on NT, enabling DMA made a big difference. As I recall, on 98, it just made disk access a bit quicker, that was all. I have been wondering if it's in any way related to me mentioning GNUstep and Étoilé in the Register recently... https://www.theregister.com/2021/11/26/linux_software_instal... ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Fair. Perhaps a tad extreme but fair. My favourite, and I kinda miss it, was a neat little hack/exploit of a new Windows feature in 95/NT4 + PowerToys. It gained a new option to stretch the wallpaper to fit the screen resolution. If you set the wallpaper to a tiny 2x3 BMP -- literally just a rectangle of 6 differently-coloured pixels -- then in its efforts to scale that, it turned the background into a cool smooth set of blends, just a wash of gradients. It was attractive but totally undistracting, and a ~6 byte wallpaper file took an extremely small amount of RAM. :-) Eventually, if I remember correctly, it got "fixed" and the scaling algorithm recognised sharply differing pixel colours and scaled them into GIIIAAANNNT PIIIXEEELLLS. :-( They're working on it. There are some demos but it's not there yet. [Article author here] You make a good point. I've not seen that before myself -- I mainly inhabit the Linux/macOS space now -- but the person whom I was paraphrasing certainly seemed to think, as you say, that W98 was the big deal and marked the beginning of integrated networking in Windows. Very bizarre, because as you say, it was a minor bugfix release. [Article author here] > From this user's perspective, Win98SE was far more stable and configurable, > had vastly superior driver support and ran more types of software better. I worked with it, installed it and supported it at the time, and it really really wasn't. Serious business users ran NT 4. In the trade we nicknamed W98 as GameOS. Exactly so, yes! [Blog post author here] Oh cool. Glad to hear it provided entertainment. :-) No, really. I have a day-job as a writer and if I thought I could have crow-barred that in there somehow, I'd have done so. But I could not find a citation for the 4-IP address thing. So, the result was purely for fun. It doesn't. They're different types of tools. GNUstep commonly runs under and uses Window Maker. Window Maker is a window manager. GNUstep is a large set of libraries and foundation classes, and almost as a byproduct, they happen to implemented most of a desktop environment: a file manager and actual desktop, a dock, plain and rich text editors, a pretty good email client, a chat client, a terminal emulator, image viewer, etc. etc. But like any other xNix desktop, it needs a window manager. KDE uses kwm, GNOME uses mutter, Xfce uses xfwm, LXDE uses OpenBox, etc. GNUstep can use whatever you want, but Window Maker is the recommended choice because it matches the look-and-feel nicely. I tried to answer this above: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=29544763 It does have a theme engine. There are multiple alternative themes out there. For me, and IMHO, every single one of them that I've seen is uglier than the original. For me, NeXTstep was the pinnacle of desktop UI design and everything else since has been less attractive. Mac OS X was quite pleasing, if inconsistent, for a while around 10.4-10.6 or so, but now it's a mess. (I am typing on 10.14 right now.) Win11 is a big less ugly than Win10, but the desktop is so crippled I find it hard to use, and there are ribbons everywhere. I hate the ribbon. Win10 is kinda ugly but at least it's mostly black. Win7 was and is a bit garish but it was the sweet spot. XP was fugly. Win2K was the high point for Windows, and everything before and after were worse. You know that NeXTstep is the only GUI that was pretty enough to feature in a music video? It's in Madonna's _Rain_ (1993 I think). https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=15kWlTrpt5k The NeXT cube also featured in _Flatliners_. http://www.starringthecomputer.com/feature.html?f=398 Hi Greg. :-) I think you meant to reply to @safdev, to whom I was also replying. MacOS != macOS. MacOS (capital M, no space) is generally classic MacOS, 1984-2001. macOS (small m, no space) was formerly Mac OS X, later OS X, sometimes quoted as Mac OS (note, space between Mac and OS). MacOS: 1984-2001 Mac OS X (formerly NeXTstep): 2001-2012 OS X: 2012-2016 macOS: 2016 onwards. NeXTspace is a desktop on top of CentOS Linux. Window Maker is a window manager, not a desktop. :-D Yeah, I know, I got that! :-) I didn't put in a lot of Win95, because it was before I went freelance. Then my work box ran NT 3.51, but a lot of the office ran W95 and I had to support it. So I did get quite a lot of experience on it. Later on, though, I put in W98 & W98SE for people with cheap & nasty PCs that couldn't run NT, and I supported a lot of boxes that were out there. It did have somewhat better driver support, yes, but every version of Windows ever has had better driver support than the preceding version. It was not significantly more stable, and on low-end or heavily-loaded boxes, I'd say _less_ stable. More types of software? About the same, I'd say. Better? On a narrow range of hardware, maybe -- things were changing fast then and by '99 or so new kit couldn't run 95 any more. It was a gamers' OS. The much-maligned WinME had better hardware support still -- for example, proper working Firewire support -- but by then everyone hated it. After a few updates it was a very stable release, it looked nice, it was a bit cleaner and faster to boot and to shut down, and it supported more memory. There was a particular period when very cheap, or old, PCs couldn't usefully run Win2K let alone XP, which really wanted 256MB of RAM or more, a big fast DMA EIDE or UltraIDE hard disk and so on, when WinME could deliver a decent internet experience on a single-core box with between about 80 to 128 MB of RAM on the low end to say 192 MB on the high end -- kit which gave a rotten experience with 2K or XP. But 98 wasn't a particularly sweet spot in my recollection. All good corrections. Thank you. :-) Remarkable. That's pretty much the opposite of my experience. In 1993 I worked in the City of London, where NT 3.1 was used in production, because it was so much better than Windows 3.1 -- even for Windows 3.1 apps. By 1995, I tried to get people to use NT 3.51 in magazine production, but the GUI put them off. NT 4 fixed that, and it took off very well for everyone except cheapskates with rubbish PCs. > The NeXTSEP/GNUstep look is a little older than Windows 98 A full decade older. NeXTstep was demonstrated in 1987 and launched with the NeXT Cube in 1988 with v1.0 being released in 1989. I mean, come on -- look at it next to its contemporaries: https://arstechnica.com/features/2005/05/gui/6/ Windows 2.0, OS/2 1.1, DR-GEM. I really feel that even if someone doesn't like the grey-and-black look (I love it myself) that one _must_ admit it was streets ahead of its contemporaries. Personally I think W95 looked better than W98, and W98 looked better than XP. This is why I liked Ubuntu Unity. There were few options, but I didn't need them. It worked fine for me out of the box. I add a few apps, a system monitor and I'm good to go. Xfce is fine after about 10-15min's work, but Unity, for me, is set out of the metaphorical box. Exactly. Nearly but not quite right. I am in no way nostalgic for 1990s OSes -- I remember the pain too vividly -- but I think this look would be like a hangnail or a toothache: just wrong enough to be constantly irritating. Now, 1980s OSes, when stuff was still a challenge, now that was fun. :-D That's CentOS, not NEXTSPACE. Not the same thing. I think you're right. FWIW: The Win95 Plus Pack didn't add Active Desktop. In fact it added IE _at all_ -- it was not bundled with Win 95 at release. It was IE4 that added Active Desktop, to all current releases of Windows at the time: 95, 95 OSR2, and NT 4. It was bundled with 95 OSR 2.5, also known as Windows 95 C. https://archive.org/details/X03-56247 Kinda sorta ish. Win98 was intended for, and was a good fit for, home users. It was aimed at games, multimedia, portables (not new by then, but affordable mass-market ones were quite new) and causal internet use, which for most people then meant dial-up internet. It had no firewall, for example, and so would have been owned in seconds if attached to an always-on connection. NT 4 was intended for, and was a good fit for, business users, especially with relatively high-end well-specced desktops because it had next-to-no support for power management, no USB support, no hot-plug of PCMCIA cards, etc. I don't think home vs. business maps well onto public vs., um, not public... do you? I mean, business means work, for many it means offices, and most working people are members of the public, aren't they? Even if they work in state or government departments, most of them are members of the public. "Not members of the public" to me implies, I don't know, police officers, people in the military, maybe elected officials. Hi there. Yes, and sorry, that was tactless of me. I like the opening of your response very much; it was a lot more dignified than mine. Then it goes weird (IMHO) though... > my suggestion that orgs that have always used Windows can make a significant step toward everyday Linux by first using Linux only for the internet and continue to use Windows for everything else. Do you mean now or in ~1998? Either way it's a bit odd. Now -- who uses computers without using the Internet? Then -- well, it was possible -- I built an Internet café around Caldera OpenLinux in about 1999 -- but it was quite hard. > Linux was not made for Windows people at all. I think it was. The influence of Win9x on Linux is very large. Linux desktops after Win9x barely resemble those from before it. > Which is when plug & play LAN The PnP LAN? PnP wasn't really anything to do with LANs. As far as networking not needing configuration, this was a lot *easier* _before_ TCP/IP than after. Network protocols on the LAN made networking much, MUCH harder. > They may have a word processor on every desk but networking them for the first time was not going to happen if it required the services of some kind of professional they didn't already have on the staff. It totally did, you know. This was my main income source in the late 1990s. > So they bought a lot of LAN cards, routers and cable and plugged & played. You persist with the misguided idea that was the reason I commented to you and then wrote the blog post. Internet use did not noticeably drive LAN adoption. Internet adoption lagged LAN adoption by a decade or so; several entire billion-dollar companies, such as 3Com and Novell, were entirely built on pre-Internet LANs and the Internet largely destroyed them. > But we can be fairly old-fashioned and lots of our offices around the world still had a communication room where a DOS PC was in email service before any internet, Lots? I have literally never ever seen that. > I do remember it was the arrival of the 98 version combined with the dominance of TCP/IP Maybe for you. Not in general, I guarantee you. Again: whole point of my comment. I mean, look, I appreciate your graciousness about this, but what mystifies me is that it seems to have had no impact at all on you and you are replying to me, saying "hey that was me, thanks for the info" and then repeating exactly the same misapprehensions I was trying to correct. I appreciate that you may be merely recounting your own experiences, but what I was trying to get across was that they were not general and the bigger picture actually is the reverse of what you were saying. And as other commenters here have said: Win98 had almost no significance on this at all. Windows for Workgroups: big deal. Windows 95: bigger deal. NT: huge deal. Windows 98: a minor point release and nothing more. I had to Google "sperged". That's not a nice thing to say about anyone. I know nothing about your experience, but I know about mine, as both a full-time sysadmin and tech support guy, and later a freelance consultant, for pretty much all of the 1990s. What you are claiming as universal truths are not. In your world, where you saw, maybe there was little to no NT. But that is not the case everywhere. I lived and worked in London, and as a freelance consultant, I mostly worked for relatively prosperous individuals and companies, because if someone's not well off financially they don't hire consultants. Serious businesses, in more or less every sector I worked in -- in real estate, in finance, in publishing, in media, in law -- used NT. NT 3.x was niche. NT 4 wasn't. It did well and it didn't only take over servers; I put in maybe hundreds of NT 4 boxes for dozens of companies. It was not bulletproof -- but it was very nearly so compared to a toy gamers' OS like Win98, and by the time W98 came out, 2 years after NT 4, NT 4 was everywhere for anyone who could afford to buy a PC specced for what they needed. The only thing NT 4 was really bad at was laptops, and some determined folk ran it there as well. USB stayed niche until after the iMac, so the fact that NT 4 didn't support it didn't matter to most people. What mattered is if you needed your PC to be reliable, and most business people do and will pay for a more reliable box. I am saying you are wrong when you say that its market share was a rounding error. Not in the UK, not in London where I was from 1991 to 2014, *no*. NT 4 owned business computing. Win98 owned homes and gamers but I had a grand total of one (1) client _ever_ who ran all Win98 on their client PCs, and their server still ran NT 4. My pleasure. Hanging around in vintage-computer collector fora, where now people want "retro gaming rigs" based on late-'90s kit, I am often surprised at how people's memories of this stuff have faded... But then, it was my bread and butter at the time. Making a living depended on knowing this stuff and being able to fix it. > And there were still people going with early USB sticks between offices which was after floppies and writable CD's. Not in the 1990s there weren't, no – because USB sticks didn't exist yet. The first patent was filed in 2000. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/USB_flash_drive#History > and most of the Windows installations never are exposed to the web at all. So you don't update them ever? That is not a good plan. Certainly Windows is more vulnerable to malware, but it's not that bad. I rarely use it at all, but with some current antivirus installed, a 3rd party browser (that is, not IE) and so long as you don't download anything from dodgy sites, it's fine. As far as Linux on the WWW goes, I've been using it for this since the late 19980s with beta versions of the Mozilla Internet Suite. Nothing new here. If I understand you correctly – are you basically proposing a feature which could be implemented like Quora's "merge questions" function? I use that a lot. It's poorly implemented on Quora, but nonetheless, a lot of the time, when someone asks a technical question, it is easier and quicker to find a differently-phrased question and merge the new question with the existing one, than it is to write a comprehensive answer. This way, the person asking immediately sees multiple existing answers... and if people are discussing answers or subtleties of them, then the new asker immediately sees that discussion. Oh good. Glad to hear it. :-) I dispute that. Speaking as a vegetarian, I think the key problem is that a lot of people don't know WTF a fish is. Q: Do you know what's the best gift to give a vegetarian who eats fish? A: A dictionary. No. I would guess you are thinking of "toadstool" versus "mushroom". Fungi is a technical term for a type of organism, not the fruiting body. An epiphyte is a plant that grows entirely on another plant – in other words, has no roots in the ground. Vines and creepers are not epiphytes, because they have conventional roots in the same soil as the larger plant (or other structure) that they cling to. I can't parse your 2nd sentence so I can't comment, but moss is not vascular and does not have roots or any mechanism to transport water internally. It just moves through the plant by capillary action. This is the key difference between mosses and clubmosses. Crunchbang has 2 successor distros: BunsenLabs (very conservative, basically just updated CB). CrunchBang++ (modernised a little, with some new features and shiny). AIUI: The BunsenLabs community are aggrieved because they respected Corenomial's rights over it and so didn't use the original name. The CB++ people are bolder: they asked him, got permission, and were a bit more radical. TBH I wish they would either settle their differences and re-unify, or the BunsenLabs folks be a little more radical and (for instance) move to Devuan instead. It's not. This is regularly claimed but I can only presume it's by people who have never ever used a Mac, just looked at screenshots. It does not work in any way like a Mac. I know. But while all toadstools are mushrooms, not all mushrooms are toadstools... I thought so until I gave the thing a mini-review recently. Sure, it has a dock at the bottom and a panel at the top, but so do dozens of desktops now. It's the default layout of XFCE. That tells us nothing useful. It doesn't have a menu bar. It doesn't have a repositionable dock. It doesn't have Miller columns. It doesn't have a folder structure anything even vaguely like macOS'. It doesn't have app folder bundles, or drag-and-drop installation. There are no desktop icons, not even as an option. Apps don't have menus at all except a hamburger in some. Windows don't have title bars, they have something like CSD. It's a Linux. It's a slightly weird Linux but it's way less Mac-like than, say, GoboLinux is under the hood. Just because the desktop is quite clean and minimal, and there's a GNOME-like panel at the top, it has a passing cosmetic resemblance, no more. You could make Budgie, LXDE or LXQt, or MATE look much more like the macOS desktop than Pantheon is or could be. If anything it's more like iOS with overlapping windows than anything Mac-like. OK, fine, let's do this point by point. > Dock Also used by default in XFCE, Unity, GNOME 3, Budgie; optional in LXDE, LXQT, KDE, MATE. Also used in Windows 10 and 11. Rejected. > Files aka Finder Not significantly more Mac-like than Nautilus, Nemo, etc. Rejected. - Code aka Xcode XCode is an IDE. Elementary Code is a text editor. Every desktop GUI has a text editor. Rejected. - Global status bar icons As also used in XFCE, GNOME, MATE, Unity, LXDE, LXQt, & every version of Windows since 1995. Can't be customised; ordinary Linux apps can't add new ones. Rejected. > PiP > DND > Screen Time Since I am not sure what you mean by them, no comment. If "DND" means Do Not Disturb, GNOME 3 has this too. > App Store As used in every modern distro/OS. GNOME has one, Ubuntu has one, Windows has had one since 2012. Rejected. > Mail Again, every GUI OS has this. Rejected. > Calendar Again, every modern OS has one. Click the clock in XFCE, for instance. Rejected. - Camera Ever seen "Cheese"? Rejected. - System Settings Every OS has this, and most call them Settings because Microsoft uses "Control Panel". macOS calls them "System Preferences". Rejected. > The folders inside your Home folder, which absolutely resembles macOS 100% standard Linux layout, and share the same names as the defaults in Windows as well. I remove the Linux ones and symlink the ones on my Windows partition so they stay in sync, and even the icons automatically reappear because the names are 100% identical . It is not only unreasonable to claim that a list of features that basically _every modern OS_ has mean that one OS in particular is a copy of OS X, it is laughably ridiculous. On this basis, I could also list a set of features that OS X copied from Windows which were missing in Classic MacOS and NeXTstep (Alt-tab app switching, keyboard dialog box navigation, Safe Boot Mode, Fast User Switching, etc. etc.) to claim that OS X is a copy of Windows. No. This is completely weak and bogus. So from this I can tell that you're not one. Also, that you didn't get the joke. I have been ovo-lacto-vegetarian for about 40 years now. So many self-identified "vegetarians" think that fish is vegetarian that many many restaurants etc. offer fish-based dishes as "vegetarian". I have frequently had to go totally without food because there was nothing available for me, because all the "vegetarian" options contained fish. This is an extremely widespread issue, which you've never noticed. That's why you don't understand the relevance. As for cladistics, again, this is very simple: look at the number of different types of animal that are called "fish". . Shellfish (which includes crustaceans, i.e. arthropods, bivalve and gastropod molluscs) . Hagfish (and lampreys) . Starfish . Jellyfish Even going by simpler understandings: chondrichthyes and osteichthyes are both, to the general public, just "fish" with no particular distinction between these wildly different clades. And this still overlaps with dietary restrictions. Kosher food excludes crustaceans but permits fish with fins _and_ scales, with a loose definition of both. The public understanding of "fish" is a perfect example of the non-overlapping nature of the general understanding of groups of animals and plants, and the scientific one. The public understanding bears little more relationship to reality than Borges' classification in "The Analytical Language of John Wilkins" – « animals are divided into: those that belong to the Emperor, embalmed ones, those that are trained, suckling pigs, mermaids, fabulous ones, stray dogs, those included in the present classification, those that tremble as if they were mad, innumerable ones, those drawn with a very fine camelhair brush, others, those that have just broken a flower vase, those that from a long way off look like flies. » https://multicians.org/thvv/borges-animals.html It is of course an animal cell and demonstrates well the issues. Hens lay eggs without copulation. These eggs are sterile: they cannot develop into an embryo and thus another hen. So, to some vegetarians, they are acceptable. They are non-viable. But hens reared in the presence of a cockerel may well be fertilised, and thus viable, and thus not acceptable for very strict ovo-lacto-vegetarians. Ducks, quails, and some other farmed birds, do not generally lay eggs unless they have copulated, and so their eggs are often not considered suitable for vegetarians. Birds' eggs can be collected without harm or suffering to the animal; so, some vegetarians considera that fine. But eggs of any type are quite definitely an animal product and so not edible by vegans, whether viable or not, fertilised or not. Fish eggs are never suitable for vegetarians, because collecting them means killing the animal. This is a simple and obvious distinction but one that is not apparent to most non-vegetarians. So, no caviar, no fish roe, etc. For the very strict, that also means not consuming a lot of beer, because it is fined with isinglass, a byproduct of killing fish. However, I know vegans who drink beer. It is a lot more complicated than it appears to outsiders. Fascinating. Thanks for that! You might be surprised. I have been. For instance, I was served trepang in a Chinese restaurant once. I asked what it was -- I wasn't veggie yet in those days, I was still just a kid. They told me it was a fish. No Google in those days, so I had to go to the library and look through books, which told me it was a sea-slug. It's not. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sea_cucumber_as_food I am very sorry. I did not want to come across as being nothing but negative. I will have to try Elementary's new email client – it replaced Geary with its own home-grown one in recent releases. I did not give it more than a cursory look. I have used Mail.app in several OS X releases, but these days, I use Thunderbird instead. I am know the GNUstep Mail client a little bit. For me, the menu tree is a big part of an app's UI. I favour older versions of MS Office that still have menus rather than the horrible Ribbon UI of Office since the 2007 release. Since Elementary and its apps have no menu bar and no menus, I don't really feel that their UI can be like macOS apps' since a core element of the UI is missing. Regarding the difference between a taskbar and a dock – well, ISTM a lot of Linux distros don't, frankly. I think there's a big difference. But saying that, the Windows taskbar (that is, the original of the species) has been getting increasingly Dock-like in recent releases. Windows 8 even dropped the Start button and Start menu. 8.1 put it back starting a full-screen app launcher not unlike Launchpad in recent macOS releases; Win10 and 11 have made it more and more Mac-like, so that in Win11 it's centred by default and can no longer even be arranged vertically at the side of the screen. (Personally, I hate the new version.) So I'd say that the company that invented the taskbar is trying very hard to make it more like a dock. And of course imitation is the sincerest form of flattery. I had a quick play with an older version of Elementary 3-4 releases ago. I didn't like it much. Last week I spent a few days getting to know it better. It's a very "opinionated" distro. I like macOS a lot – I'm typing on it now – and if Elementary was more Mac-like, I would like it more. As it was, I was impressed with the clean, integrated design, but actually using it, no, I don't find it Mac-like at all. Not really in any way. You can, if you wish, read my thoughts on it here: https://www.theregister.com/2021/12/21/elementary_os_61/ It is clean, it works well, its programmers have *views* on how to do stuff and they've found a model that pays and they're working on it. Good for them. I do not think I will be using it myself. Hello from another greybeard. I've been in the same boat. I'm not a programmer, though. I was a sysadmin and senior tech-support guy (L3, but I can do anything.) I never specialised: I do Windows, Linux, Mac, and in the past, I did UNIX™, VMS, Netware, all sorts of long-dead stuff back to CP/M. In 2007, I decided to switch from freelance to an office job before I turned 40. It took me about 500 applications to get my first interview, over the phone. I landed the job on that first phone interview. It was good, reasonable contract rates, shift-based but I needed the money. Snag: I used to be a journalist, and I preferred it. A journo job came up, so I quit. The journo job ended about 4 months later, just as the Credit Crunch hit. Over the next 5 years, I applied for over three thousand jobs. Not exaggerating. I was British and I also applied for roles in any country where I spoke enough of the language to write the cover letter: France, Spain, Germany, Norway, Sweden. I averaged one interview a year, I got 2 roles, one of which lasted 10 days and the other 2 months. Ready to give up, I managed to get a book deal, which paid enough to pay off the urgent bills and cover a one-month intensive training course to be a Teacher of English as a Second or Other Language. I planned to go abroad and travel as a TESOL teacher, as I figured I was too old to work in IT ever again. Well, I told a friend, and that got me a referral for a technical writer job at a Linux vendor – but in Central/Eastern Europe, the former Communist Bloc. I'd never considered there. Well, that job didn't last, but I found another quickly and easily – in fact, I was offered 2 roles by 2 different companies. I have had half a dozen jobs since then, steadily increasing my pay. I moved cities to the capital. Now, as it happens, I am back to journalism, but what I would say to you is this: Ageism is very real and it's rife across the English-speaking world and the West in general. Kids (and you know what I mean by that) will deny this, and point out that it's illegal, which it is, but it happens anyway. There's no escaping it. But I found that it's not true in the former Communist Bloc. I didn't make as much as I did in Britain, but then, the cost of living is about a quarter of the West, so I lived very comfortably, thank you. I successfully rebooted my entire career in my late 40s and now in my mid-50s, I own my own place outright, I have a young family with an adorable tiny daughter, a fulfilling job, a savings account and some investments, and I don't owe anything to anyone. Get out of the collapsing West. Go East. Not necessarily Eastern Europe, but a lot of the developing world is crying out for English-speaking experienced people. Sure, there are remote jobs, too, but at local pay, which won't go far in the West. Pre-COVID I flew back to visit my aging relatives 3-4 times a year, which is a lot more often than I could afford to do when I lived in another part of the same country. Ageism is not a worldwide problem, but you will have to travel far to escape it. But it's totally worth doing, and I'm glad I did. I even changed citizenship to make it simpler. There are quite a few of us knocking around out here. I have many friends in their 40s through to one in his 80s (!) who got sick of the West for various reasons and came out here and found a better life. It's not just the rampant ageism. In the UK, nowadays, if you actually want to leave the office and go for lunch, that is frowned upon. Especially in the financial sector, dedication means eating at your desk and a few hours of unpaid overtime every day as standard. Here, my bosses chase me out of the office for lunch every day. Many locals bring their own food in, in which case, you're expected to go for a walk for half an hour or something. It's the law: you must take a break. It's a far healthier working culture. Also, of course, Americans need to remember that you get at least 4 weeks of paid time off every year and free unlimited healthcare with no restrictions. Women get a minimum of one year of paid maternity leave, which can be extended to 3 or 4 years (but the same fixed amount of money is spread out over that time, so the longer you take, the less you get each month... But still...) I am wondering if this excellent essay has surfaced again because I just tweeted it in reply to a popular Twitter account. I dispute your conclusion, and this is the reasoning, as expressed in the article: "High level" is tricky to define, because high is a relative assessment. But "low level" has a clear, agreed meaning: relatively similar to the machine's instruction set and architecture; close to the metal; comparable to assembly language. And the point of the article is that C is close to the architecture of a PDP-11. Modern CPUs are nothing like the PDP-11 and haven't been for a third of a century or more. C models the architecture of a 1970s minicomputer, and 21st century computers are nothing like 1970s minis – they just run similar OSes. If C is not close to the real architecture, then it's not low level. The fact that there's nothing mainstream which is closer is irrelevant. The C programming model is nothing like modern multicore SIMD superscalar 64-bit CPUs with out-of-order execution, branch prediction etc. If it isn't close to the metal, then it isn't low-level. C is neither any more. QED. Have you RTFA? Because that is exactly the point that the article refutes. Not really; as evidence, look at the number of comments here that failed to get the point. When you present a viewpoint to people whose profession and living depend on believing something contrary to it, it's necessary to present a lot of evidence and solid reasoning to get even a small number of the smartest of such people to consider your point. Yes. They call it "rootless". It runs inside your home directory. Er... In every way? Flatpak is an app packaging system, distro-neutral. GoboLinux is a distro and a new, different way of organizing the Unix filesystem. Flatpak contains conventional (or at least similar) filesystem layouts inside app packages. Gobo replaces the contents of apps as well as the whole filesystem. Flatpak requires runtime infrastructure on the distro you wish to use. Gobo is a distro. Flatpak is distro-neutral; Gobo replaces other distros. Flatpack puts all apps in its own hierarchy deep inside /var and manages it itself. Gobo does not have a /var, or a /bin or /usr or anything else. Flatpak could be run on Gobo. Gobo could not be run on Flatpak, because Flatpak is for apps. Glad to see Gobo getting some attention. Some people are asking how it compares to some cross-distro package managers. The answer is, it doesn't – but it does seem to me that it would be very cool to see Gobo contain support for Flatpak, Snap and AppImage. This would alleviate its shortage of apps somewhat. Keep the distro simple, and just don't package apps: outsource that to the cross-distro package formats. Secondly, ISTM that Gobo would be a natural fit for a desktop that already treats certain specially-structured directories _as_ apps. I only know of 2 of these: GNUstep, which uses essentially the same `.app` bundles as macOS, and the ROX Desktop, which has !AppDirs that are closely modelled on Acorn's RISC OS. This, incidentally, is the internal format of AppImage. This! I've only dabbled with a few Electron text editors, but they are... kinda the opposite of "amazingly fast", too. It wasn't originally on DOS. VB 1.0 was released for Windows 3.0 in 1991; VB for DOS followed the next year, the same year that Windows 3.1 came out. MS bought in a graphical drag-and-drop forms designer called Ruby, written by Alan Cooper in 1987: https://computerhistory.org/profile/alan-cooper/ It coupled this to its existing BASIC to create VB: http://www.ojodepez-fanzine.net/network/qbdl/history_of_visu... I do not know how familiar you are with Flatpak, what it is and what it is for, and Gobo, what it is and what it is for. So this is a very broad request and could take tens of pages. Flatpak installs apps on any distro which has or has had Flatpak support installed on it. It does this by unpacking apps into its own directory trees. Apps go into: `/var/lib/flatpak/exports/share/applications` Inside there are more complex trees, so for instance, to reply, I just installed Sublime Text, and it is in: `/var/lib/flatpak/app/com.sublimetext.three/current/active` Inside that is a `files` folder. Inside that we see an encapsulated version of a traditional xNix filesystem: total 40 drwxr-xr-x 8 root root 4096 Jan 5 12:30 . drwxr-xr-x 4 root root 4096 Jan 5 12:30 .. drwxr-xr-x 2 root root 4096 Jan 1 1970 bin drwxr-xr-x 4 root root 4096 Jan 5 12:30 extra drwxr-xr-x 2 root root 4096 Jan 1 1970 lib -rw-r--r-- 2 root root 4817 Jan 5 12:30 manifest.json -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 0 Jan 5 12:30 .ref drwxr-xr-x 6 root root 4096 Jan 1 1970 share drwxr-xr-x 2 root root 4096 Jan 1 1970 sublime_merge drwxr-xr-x 2 root root 4096 Jan 1 1970 utils In here are traditional xNix dirs called `/bin` and `/lib` and so on. Flatpak is a wrapper around traditional xNix directory layout. It encapsulates them inside a layout it manages, allowing apps to be transported between different distros by having their own layout inside a private tree, but it's a fairly conventional xNix tree. With me so far? The conventional xNix layout has globally-shared folders, segregated by functional roles: this subtree is for sysadmin stuff, this subtree is for all users; this subtree is on the main disk and is needed for boot, this one is not essential for boot and is only used in multiuser mode, this subtree is auxiliary additions later, this one is local to this network node only, and so on. This was needed in the 1970s with very small disks that could not hold the entire OS. `/usr` was originally for home directories but some of the people using the OS were also simulatenously writing the OS. Stuff in their home directory became essential to the system. So it got fossilised into place meaning that a new `/home` tree was added later. The Mac and Windows conceptual model is different. It says, each app lives in a separate tree of its own, and we will put only files expected to be shared with other apps into system-global locations. So the OS itself is in `\OS\` and all the components of the app Bar by Foo Corp get put into `\apps\foo\bar`. Any shared libraries get copied into `\OS\libs\` so that other apps could use them. Later this was found to be a mistake and so `\app\Foo\bar\libs` was added for a known good copy. Gobo discards the traditional xNix model of global shared folders containing binaries from multiple sources, and segregates them in a Mac and DOS-like model. There is no real `/bin` or `/lib` folders. Instead, there are new trees: Programs, Users, System, Data, Mount etc. Inside Programs is a tree for each app, and inside that, for each version of that app. xNix: the files containing the components of each apps are split up and put in the system-global dirs for that type of component. Apps do not have their own dir. Config is in the config tree, libraries are in the libs tree, binaries are in the binaries tree, etc. Flatpak manages its own version of the global OS layout, one per app, inside the Flatpak tree. Apps are not put into the OS global dirs but each has its own private version of the OS-global tree inside its own dir tree inside the Flatpak tree. DOS, Windows: the OS lives in its own tree. Each app has its own subtree in the Apps tree and copies only shared components into OS-managed shared folders. Mac OS X: the OS lives in simplified xNix tree. Apps live entirely in their own private shared tree, one per app, with an OS-mandated layout. Gobo: the Mac OS X concept is extended to the OS itself. The OS' components are in private, versioned folders inside an OS-mandated tree, with the traditional xNix layout hidden. For legacy apps that expect trad xNix dirs, they are there but populated only with symlinks and the OS hides them from the user. Flatpak adapts the xNix model and encapsulates private versions of it. OS X keeps some of the xNix model for the OS only and enforces a new private-dir-tree model upon apps. Gobo takes the app model of OS X and applies it to the entire OS, and only fakes the trad xNix model to make it easier to port legacy code. Cue cards. :-) They told the actor what to say: they were a silent cue, a prompt or reminder. I would dispute that. BB was perfectly aware of the changing market, and it did all-touchscreen devices and things. It also did BBM for Android. But I don't think the company realised how much smartphones were surpassing them, so they were very late to move to a smartphone platform. When they did, it was to QNX – the basis of BB10 – and it was a very good OS, but it was too late. It reminds me of Palm and PalmOS. When it became clear that they needed to move to ARM, they talked to Symbian about using it as the basis of the new ARM PalmOS. That would have been a killer platform – but they didn't do it. https://www.theregister.com/2000/11/14/palm_cto_rubbishes_30... The company decided against an absolutely superb option which would have given them a major technological advantage. Instead, the replaced their bought-in 68K kernel Kadak AMX, which actually did multitasking but Palm didn't pay for that option (!) – with their own emulator thing, MCK, meaning that ARM PalmOS (PalmOS 5 "Garnet") was still single-tasking with almost no multimedia support. Then PalmSource bought the remnants of Be, using it to make PalmOS 6, "Cobalt". https://www.mobileread.com/forums/showthread.php?t=18956 I read a lot about Cobalt and it looked amazing for 2003-2004. But nobody shipped phones with it – not even Palm itself. Instead, they... licensed Windows CE. A second disastrously bad decision. Few companies survive their first, but Palm did it and survived long enough to do it again . > BB10 OS was something special. It really was, and the BB Hub was fantastic. My Passport was the first Blackberry I owned, because all the earlier ones were just too small for my big hands. I could type on a Passport. Not super-fast, but way more accurately than on any touchscreen, so in the end it balanced out: slower text entry — less time fixing errors = faster messaging. Agreed. And the square screen meant no need to flip your device between portrait and landscape mode all the time – an annoyance we don't notice much on basically all other smartphones because we do it so much. If it'd caught on, maybe we wouldn't be plagued with millions of portrait-oriented photos and pictures from people who don't know how to use their device's camera. Inferno? :-) Or resurrect Symbian. It's FOSS now. The Guardian doesn't use paywalls, anywhere... but you might have to create a free account and log in. I am aware; I wrote this last month: https://www.theregister.com/2021/12/16/pop_os_2110_new_syste... I think you're missing the point here. It's not "apps are packaged with all their dependencies inside a private directory hierarchy". That is true of both, yes. But it is also true of Canonical's Snap format, and 0install, and of AppImage, and of NeXTstep & Mac OS X's .app bundles. In other words, it is far from unique. The real difference with Gobo is twofold: • Most of the others preserve significant elements of the traditional xNix directory layout. macOS in the main OS if not inside the bundles; Flatpak and Snap inside the apps; and so on. Gobo gets rid of it everywhere, top to bottom, from kernel to text editor. • Flatpak, Snap etc. are just app-packaging systems. Even on OSes which use Flatpak exclusively – and PopOS is a poor example here; better ones are Fedora SilverBlue or EndlessOS, with read-only root filesystems, no package manager at all, and OS updates using `ostree` – the directory layout is conventional. Like macOS, the app directory structure is entirely separate from the OS directory structure. In Gobo they are one and the same. I wrote about that here, and you may find it worth a read: https://www.theregister.com/2021/12/03/nixos_linux_os_design... Digital watches in general are a good sign that humans are amazingly primitive. Underrated comment. :-D I don't have anything to add to your overall point – I'm sure you're right. I just wanted to address two smaller ones: > The fact that they were still using mailing lists In my personal experience, going back some 30 years or so online with my own personal paid email account – which is still live and still works – I find that most people I've worked or interacted with who dislike using email for workflow or other important comms do not know how to use email effectively . Strange as it may seem, this now applies to the developers of most email clients and online email services. Email and mailing lists are remarkably powerful and capable tools, if used properly. Most people do not use it or them properly. I have yet to see anything else by anyone that is an improvement in every way on email. > I'm not sure how it will progress when they retire or die off. TBPH, as a Linux user and professional, I rather hope it does not. Linux is an amazingly useful tool, but OTOH it's now, in and of itself, a vast hairball of technical debt. The traditional UNIX model itself is. It is long past time that we should have moved past it on to better things. There have been many attempts but none have ever achieved critical mass. At the rate things are going it looks quite likely that our technological civilization will collapse due to out-of-control global warming and the ongoing and accelerating mass extinction event. As the parent of a 2YO I very much hope I am wrong. But if I am and it doesn't, the world needs better tech, and a ½ century old UNIX clone already does not really cut it today. If Linux and all the other monolithic Unixes die when their dev teams die, we'll have to move on to newer, smaller, simpler systems that a new generation of programmers can actually read from top to bottom, understand, and do useful work on. If monolithic Unices become the mid-21st-century COBOL, just kept around for a few old systems and only critical bugs patched, that will be a big win for us all. I know it's an unpopular view. :-) But the alternatives are there. The fast-headers thing put me in mind of the way that Plan 9 changed the C language, not only formalising indentation and things, but to forbid nested #includes, which apparently vastly reduced compilation times. Inferno moved on to largely supplant C with Limbo, which is one of the ancestors of Go. I'd say Go, D and Rust all show that there's demand for a newer, better C and that C++ is not it. Apple's xnu is widely held not to be a true microkernel because of its big in-kernel Unix server, but Minix 3 is... and for all that Minix 3 is not quite there yet, QNX shows this is possible and doable and performant. It's 2022. We have boxes with terabytes of RAM now and hardware-assisted virtualisation even on £5 ARM boards. We don't need a total clean-sweep replacement; we can virtualise the old stuff and slot in underneath something smaller, simpler and cleaner that mere mortals can understand in less than a lifetime. 3D Xpoint memory is on the market now and makes non-volatile RAM doable, multiple orders of magnitude faster and longer-lasting than flash memory. Computers don't even need drives any more: we could just have a few terabytes of persistent memory, and no more shuffling stuff into memory. True single-level store is doable now. Who needs files when everything is in RAM forever? ISTM that much of the computer industry has its eyes on the ground now, and is just shuffling round and round in the same old groove, rather than trying new stuff. In the middle of my working life there were dozens of exciting new OSes trying to do things differently. Now, we have 30 million lines of C instead, and need a billion-dollar industry to aim all those many eyes at all those many bugs. As Molnár himself said: “Don't forget that Linux became only possible because 20 years of OS research was carefully studied, analyzed, discussed and thrown away." Discussion about the same machine in 2019: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20666860 No, it isn't. The entire point of the "my grandfather's axe" or "my grandmother's broom" story -- of which Theseus' ship is the original -- is that there's nothing of the original left, but replacement was gradual so there's a feeling of continuity. Whereas this is the original laptop with some upgrades. Same chassis, same motherboard, same screen, same (IMHO, bad) keyboard, but more RAM, more & faster disks, and a new CPU. This is not Theseus' ship, where nothing was left. The point of this story is that an end-user with normal tools can, at home, repair and upgrade a decade-old Thinkpad, but you can't do that with the new ones. The subtext is that in fact CPU performance isn't increasing much any more, and hasn't in a decade and a half. GPU performance is a bit but most of us don't need it, same as most of us don't need lots of CPU cores in a laptop. SSD performance is improving, somewhat, yes. Size, a lot. New laptops aren't that much faster than old laptops. Unless you're very demanding, old ones are good enough. So laptop makers, who need people to keep buying new laptops or they'll go out of business, are making laptops that you can't fix or upgrade any more. Agreed. So very much agreed. I do informal surveys of new laptops -- I wander around computer shops bashing out a sentence or two into Notepad or TextEdit. They're all awful now. But most people are used to awful and so don't care. Layouts suck too but that, to me, is secondary to key feel. If the layout is bad, some keystrokes will be bad; but if the key feel is bad, every keystroke will be bad. It's 100% a UK thing as well. Most of mine came from Morgan Computers, but I also check Tier 1 Online and Bargain Hardware too. I emigrated, and I have yet to find a good such vendor in the EU. Recommendations welcome! I've been discussing just this with the folks in reddit /r/thinkpad recently. There are lots on your side, but I see lots of upvotes for the new-keyboard-haters too. For me, the 220/420/520 are the last good Thinkpads. I have all 3 and use them all regularly. Anything after that, IMHO the chiclet keyboards are unusable trash. They've got even worse since the ?30 generation and now are right down there with Dell and other cheapo glued-together skip-ware. (Skip = dumpster in USian.) I am not sure of what you're saying, perhaps partly because I don't own a car, and never have since I got my driver's licence at age 38 or so. I do recall a neighbour of mine saying "back when cars went rusty" to me a decade back, which surprised me. A lot. Apparently they don't now? But modern cars, and many modern motorbikes, are sealed units which are not maintainable by the end-user. I dislike electronics like that. For this reason, for years now, I have favoured very cheap smartphones. If I must have a sealed brick that I can't fix or upgrade, then I will have the cheapest one I can get that does what I need. Luckily, there are very decent £/€ 125 smartphones now, from companies such as PPTV, iRulu and Umidigi, which are entirely usable and which I can replace every couple of years without pain. For laptops, I just use decade+ old Thinkpads for now. They're fast enough for me and the keyboards are better than any modern thing. Import fact to remember: it's not about melting. Ice is less dense than water... but only just. If an ice sheet collapses into the sea, it doesn't need to melt. The ice will displace seawater perfectly effectively just by floating. Most of the West Antarctic Ice Sheet sits on rock that is well under sea level – in places, a kilometre under sea level. It doesn't need to melt: it just needs for the seawater to get underneath it, allowing it to slide off into the sea and break up. Seawater is, obviously, salty and warmer than ice. The resultant sea-level rise will only take on the order of 12 days to stabilise world wide. I looked at the figures for this and it was a factor in my decision to sell my house on the outskirts of London and move to Czechia, which is above the level of any possible sea-level rise. Its lowest points are ~120m above mean sea level. I couldn't afford Austria or Switzerland, and most of the other high-and-dry countries don't have the employment prospects (or beer as good) as the Czech Republic. Laptop: rarely. My main travel one is a Thinkpad X220 I bought used for £150 in 2017. It replaced a Thinkpad X200 I bought used in 2013 for about the same price. I recently (end of last year) bought i7 versions of the T420 and T520, because for me they are the last generation of Thinkpads with good keyboards, and I hope they will last me for a while. My phone? It varies but typically every 18 months - 2 years. Phones lead hard lives and don't last very long. Current: Umidigi F2. Before that: 2nd hand iPhone 6S+. Before that: PPTV King 7. Before that: Blackberry Passport (used). Before that: iRulu Victory V3. All those in the same time period that 2 old Thinkpads have covered, and all were relatively cheap. I am surprised to see 80286 grouped in with chips like the 8088/8086, because the 286 does have protected mode. I first learned Unix on SCO Xenix on an 80286. Does ELKS support 286 in what Windows called Standard Mode, with 16MB of RAM? The Newspeak programming language was specifically designed to address some of these issues. It is capable of working with plain-text files, enabling code to be stored in Git and so on. In early development, it was bootstrapped on top of Squeak Smalltalk. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Newspeak_(programming_language... https://bracha.org/Site/Newspeak.html https://newspeaklanguage.org/ I have one. Out of curiosity, mainly. I paid just under £100 for mine, about 3Y ago, and another £20 for the VGA/Ethernet dongle -- which doesn't seem to work, FWIW. It's a fun toy but not much use. Lovely form factor, poor keyboard, poor trackpoint (and I like the things), and sluggish. I wish they did a modern one with a better keyboard, though. I have one of these laptops. The form-factor is great; Sony's implementation isn't. The keyboard is poor, the trackpoint not very responsive or accurate. (And I like Trackpoints!) Mine is maxed out with 2GB of RAM and a dual-core Atom, and Intel Poulsbo GPU (GMA500). The author of this piece is running the screen at way below its true res of 1600x768. Not a typo: it's a high-DPI letterbox ultra-widescreen. It came with Win10. It was unusable; 10-15min to boot and log in. I tried Xubuntu $CURRENT then – maybe 18.04. Very poor; ~8min to boot and login. It just about manages to run Windows 7 ThinPC, the "thin client" version of Win7. It works but it's not responsive. I am considering downgrading to TinyXP. I have tried multiple Linuxes: • Xubuntu (too heavy: used lots of RAM at idle, very slow) • Devuan + Xfce (usable, took 250-300MB RAM, a bit sluggish) • Crunchbang++ (worked, responsive, but surprising memory footprint of over 200MB) • MX Linux (worked fairly well, looked weird, felt clunky; adjusted screen DPI & it broke the desktop cosmetically: text didn't fit inside buttons, etc.) Currently it runs Raspberry Pi Desktop, x86 edition. This is surprisingly good. It idles at a bit under 200MB of RAM, LXDE (now PIXEL) works well and supports a vertical taskbar that works well. Screen DPI can be scaled. Quite snappy. I tried installing Xfce and it substantially increased RAM usage, to circa 350MB — nearly double. This was an unpleasant surprise: the RasPi folks have cut Debian down hard and I am impressed. I am playing with antiX in VBox as I type this (no, not on the Vaio P) and it's weird but it does work well, and it's idling, after a full update, at an amazing 106MB of RAM. I may try this on the Vaio. I wish I could get the Vaio's GPU working but no modern Linux can run the ancient Pouslbo drivers. Nope. I wonder the same thing. I do not like GNOME 3 at all myself. A lot of the features that the developers are proud of – things like CSD, no menu bars, that big empty wasted panel with no indicator icons, the clear empty desktop with no desktop icons and so on – are the specific things I do not like. I still use Unity on Ubuntu. One of my machines has the latest version of the Unity remix on it: https://ubuntuunity.org/ ... but little regressions are accumulating. I can't empty the wastebasket from the dock any more; the volume control works but mousewheel control is now reversed (down is up, and up is down, although I have "natural scrolling" turned off); Firefox doesn't support the global menu bar any more; and so on. It seems to me that a lot of modern desktops are removing features, or changing features (like the disappearance of menu bars), because people today don't know how to use them. Since they don't know how, they don't use them, so they feel that these features are not important, so they remove them. Similarly, Windows 11 has now lost support for vertical taskbars. KDE has it but it's broken, as it was in GNOME 2 and now is in MATE. Cinnamon has a crude form, but it can't arrange status icons in rows, only in columns, which wastes a huge amount of space... but I suspect they've never seen a vertical taskbar, so they don't know how it should work. https://imgur.com/gallery/fLeAy Um. None? I suppose you could argue that the Amiga equivalent of a batch file was a Rexx script? But on PC-DOS 7, 7.01 or 7.1 you get a Rexx interpreter thrown in. :-) https://liam-on-linux.livejournal.com/59703.html [Article author here] I used to, yes. In what way do you feel it is a hit piece? I certainly did not intend for it to be one. [Article author here] True. Although IBM has sold off a lot of its consulting business, you know. https://newsroom.ibm.com/2021-11-03-IBM-Completes-the-Separa... Gee, thanks. > That's what the use case of Liberty Linux seems to be: stop paying RH, keep your existing RHEL servers, pay us instead. No, I don't think so. If a company is a happy RHEL customer, why would they switch? I think the targets are: * CentOS Linux users who are upset that CentOS Linux was prematurely EOLed and don't want to pay RH as a result. Or pay Oracle, come to that. * Companies with a mix of CentOS Linux, maybe some RHEL, and some SUSE, for whom this gives them a choice of moving to all-SUSE distros rather than all-RHEL distros. * SLE customers who need some RHEL-compatible boxes for some stuff that only supports RHEL and RHEL clones, who can now keep it inside the SUSE family. If you mean to build yourself, yes, there are several. A few examples... https://rosco-m68k.com/ https://github.com/74hc595/68k-nano https://shop.mcjohn.it/en/diy-kit/46-68k-mbc.html https://www.kswichit.com/68k/68k.html This one is a one-off but for me it is one of the most impressive: https://www.ist-schlau.de/ It runs EmuTOS and 68K Enhanced BASIC. Whenever I read a HN comment and recoil because it's something that I could well have written myself, inevitably, it was @pjmlp. :-D > PC DOS 2000 (the final mainstream MS/PC DOS release). FSVO "mainstream". IBM released PC DOS 7.1 (with full FAT32 and LBA support) as a free download as part of its Server Guide Scripting Toolkit. It can readily be combined with the rest of PC DOS 2000 to yield a complete OS, comparable to "MS-DOS 7.1" extracted from Win98SE. I have described how to do this on my blog: https://liam-on-linux.livejournal.com/59703.html > Pity DR-DOS seems to have disappeared into the ether. It is still around, but Udo Kuhnt has, sadly, given up the Enhanced DR OpenDOS project. The boot floppies on archiveos.org are defective. I have fixed them, and posted disk images of them on my blog, too. https://liam-on-linux.livejournal.com/58013.html > It was a competent choice to, and I know there was a point where you could get a > source distribution for embedded purposes, so you'd expect that the next logical step > would have been crowdfunding a source buyout. Strongly agreed. :-/ In case you missed my earlier comment, where I answered these questions: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=30138570 Ah, OK, that makes sense, then. As a counter-example: DR-DOS from Caldera or Lineo made it to v7.03, I think. Versions 7.04 through to 7.07 were finished, released and sold, but only as OEM products, bundled on bootable floppies containing Ontrack and Seagate hard disk toolkits, in Nero Burning ROM's bootable floppies and so on. (I suspect also in virus scanners, disk-imaging products, backup tools, etc.) Just the boot file(s) and COMMAND.COM. Given that a bootable diskette containing a disk manager was included with probably hundreds of thousands to millions of EIDE hard disks at the end of the 1990s... it's quite possible that more copies were ever shipped that way than were sold as standalone retail products. (Arguably, but IMHO: sad to say.) So by any reasonable definition, the "mainstream" version of DR-DOS might be the one bundled on maybe millions of bootable diskettes, and not the boxed product. I have no idea how many copied of PC DOS 7.1 IBM has distributed this way, and I bet it hasn't either. But I take your point, and I accept it. I just have a slightly different definition myself. :-) > The Dragon was a (better) clone of the Tandy Color Computer, not the TRS-80, The CoCo was a model of TRS-80. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TRS-80_Color_Computer So, yes, saying that the Dragon 32 was a version of the TRS-80 is fair and valid IMHO. Over here in Europe, we had dozens of makes and models of home computer that were either very obscure or completely unknown in North America -- mostly because computers from the USA were very expensive by European standards. (Ever heard of... Sinclair, Acorn, Oric, Enterprise, Memotech, Camputers, Tatung, Jupiter Cantab, HH Tiger, Grundy, Amstrad/Schneider, Philips, Thomson, MGT, Apricot, Compukit, CST, or Research Machines?) I used microcomputers from 1981 and got the first one of my own the next year. I have been working with them for 40 years now. When they were current, I did not know a single person with an Apple ][ or a TRS-80. They were simply too expensive here. So I think it's 100% understandable that, when the article here didn't specify any particular model of TRS-80, a Brit might not know that there were multiple incompatible model lines of the things. I only learned of the complexity of the TRS-80 range in the last year or two -- that is, in my 50s. They were not a huge international success. :-D I have to admit, I didn't get that far. It's a bit hard for me to connect since I've never used a TRS-80 AFAICR. I think I played around with an early Tandy PC (maybe a Tandry 1000?) in the sole Tandy shop on the Isle of Man, and I did support work on one or two in the very late 1980s. (Anyone else remember Deskmate?) Honeygain? Seems fairly legit. A friend's referral -- not mine, I am not on it. https://r.honeygain.me/FCASSD418E I saw that, too. I think it's a mistake. MS-DOS ended at 6.22. PC DOS started to significantly _diverge_ from MS-DOS thereafter, with PC DOS 6.3, then 7, then 7.01, then 7.1. It most definitely wasn't that "CP/M was an atrocious clone of DOS"! It's the other way round: DOS is a much-enhanced clone of CP/M. And TBH, in the early days of DOS – let's say up to MS-DOS 3.3 – it wasn't a lot better than CP/M. No command-line editing, no file manager, disk partitions of max 32MB, no built-in disk cache. This was the version that was a big hit and it was kinda basic. IBM built PC DOS 4.00 and MS licensed it from them. It was bigger, slower, & a bit more complicated – but it started offering improvements. It provided part of the impetus for DR to offer DR-DOS 3.41, the first widely-distributed version. It had the key improvements of PC/MS-DOS 4.00 (disk partitions >32MB being principal) but it was as small as MS-DOS 3.3 and as compatible. The DOS market only became competitive when DR introduced DR DOS 5, which integrated all the most important 3rd-party enhancements: 386 memory management, a disk cache, a full-screen text editor, and a graphical file manager... and it was sold at retail for the first time, as an upgrade to (and improvement over) MS-DOS 3.3, PC/MS-DOS 4.00 and vendor-proprietary tweaks like Compaq DOS 3.31 (which was the first DOS with >32MB partition support in the way that became standard.) MS was more or less forced to respond, which it did with MS-DOS 5 which pretty much matched DR DOS 5 feature-for-feature, including being sold at retail. The next few years they competed hard, each trumping the other on features in each release. DR and MS DOS 5 and later have a 386 memory manager which can put an x86-32 CPU into Virtual 86 mode, remap RAM over any unused blocks in the I/O and ROM area (between 641kB-1024kB) to make Upper Memory Blocks, and load small resident parts of the OS into those blocks in order to keep as much base memory (0kb-640kB) free. These memory managers could also turn the extended memory (above 1024kB) into managed XMS or EMS memory. LIM EMS was accessible to DOS apps and XMS to DOS-extender apps. These were killer features in 1990 or so, and I made good money from optimising DOS memory for clients around that time. DR DOS 7 did have built-in peer-to-peer networking: Netware Lite. MS DOS did not, because that was the main selling point of Windows for Workgroups. Fascinating company, fascinating product. I still kinda wish they'd done something other than x86-32 support for their VLIW chips. In principle, I see no reason that they couldn't have supported Motorola 68000, for instance. Even that (not 68030 or 68040, just 68000) would have been of considerable interest to hundreds of thousands of Commodore Amiga and Atari ST fans and users, enabling them to run their old OSes and apps at speeds equivalent to a 68000 at 500-600MHz or more. (I am intentionally excluding Apple as the company was and is alive and well and would not only not have permitted classic MacOS 8.1 to run, but it offered PowerPC versions on hardware in that class of performance.) Alpha Micro might have been interested for AMOS, too. Now, 2 decades later, that is possible with FPGA hardware, but it wasn't then. Some of these things were included later on. For instance: DR DOS 6 had Netware Lite; DR DOS 7 had Personal Netware. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Personal_NetWare I think several versions of DOS included MSCDEX.EXE (or DR's equivalent), but not the device driver, because back then there were lots of different CD interfaces: Mitusmi, Panasonic and Sony on sound cards, some early EIDE ones, and SCSI on higher-end kit. Mouse drivers came with your mouse. ;-) MS did have a network stack bundled for free on the NT Server installation CD, and some versions of it support server mode for peer-to-peer operation. DOS could do all this stuff, but you had to assemble the bits from different sources, and this was sometimes for good reasons, sometimes technical (a profusion of incompatible CD-ROM interfaces) and sometimes commercial (P2P LAN support). 3rd URL is broken. You have an extra `n` on the end. It should be: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7542326 I doubt it will. ChromeOS has a really complex multi-partition setup, with duplicate root partitions that update each other. This is not going to sit well alongside anything else. Secondly, it's intended for old kit. So why bother? You already can. https://www.makeuseof.com/how-to-install-chrome-os-virtual-m... Yes. https://www.neverware.com/freedownload#intro-text Because that's an ARM MacBook and this is an x86 OS. Don't take the mickey [UK] / don't come the raw prawn [AU] (I don't know a US version). If anyone has a Mac new enough to run the current macOS, whatever that is, then this is not for them. But, as an example, I own a Core 2 Duo MacBook Pro and a 2011 Core i5 Mac Mini, both of which aren't supported any more. They both run MacOS 10.13 and they're perfectly fine, but they can't be updated any more. That makes some people very nervous. I also had a 2008 MacBook that's stuck on Lion. This is perfect for such old kit.