The purpose of middle management is to organize and communicate information. With that said, insulating upper management from the rank-and-file can be dangerous. Not wanting to hear what the engineers think is one thing. Not wanting to know is quite another. Any faster? My one reason for clinging to Excel is the speed of computations involving thousands of cells, including graphing. "This could explain the disconnect over cubicles. Maybe the people in charge of facilities, not having any concentration to shatter, have no idea that working in a cubicle feels to a hacker like having one's brain in a blender." [1] 1. http://paulgraham.com/gh.html I'm teaching Python to my kids (ages 10 and 13) right now, after finally ditching Visual Basic myself last year. Of course I'm at liberty to improvise my "syllabus." I decided to introduce lists before program flow. I introduced range() as a way to populate a list. And then we started doing things with lists using constructs like [x 2 for x in range(-10, 10)]. At that moment, my daughter asked: "Can we use Python to make a graphing calculator?" With my syllabus in tatters, we installed matplotlib and played with it a bit. I've explained to my kids that in programming, sometimes we have to look up and use things before we fully learn how they work. This approach would probably make no sense for teaching C, where looping comes before lists. But in my idiosyncratic mental map of Python, lists come before looping. I'm not dogmatic about what first language to learn. My only intention right now is to see if my kids will take an interest in it. In a crowded market, the sales pitch has to anticipate and overcome "negatives." Thus, MATLAB has to be marketed as a "real programming language" to overcome the fear that it will prove inadequate for some task in the future -- especially when you had to beg and plead for the money to buy a license. And amateurs (including me) don't always see the difference between the language and the libraries, so the demand for a "real programming language" results in a huge bloated product festooned with every possible bell and whistle. I wouldn't have a problem with a tool that falls short of completeness (Turing- or otherwise) if it's simple and does something useful for me. I love spreadsheets. In the early 80's, my mom got a subscription to Byte, and I eagerly awaited every issue. My drug of choice was "Ciarcia's Circuit Cellar," which forged a connection for me, between my nascent interests in electronics and programming. I'm not employed as a teacher, but one thing that I learned in a traditional classroom setting was how to teach. I observed fifty teaching styles, and the subtleties of adapting to those being taught. I use those skills every day. If anything, an economy that expects more of us to become entrepreneurs, teaching skill will become more valuable, not less. I'm betting my career on some things never going obsolete, such as the laws of physics and being able to explain a concept to a non expert or skeptic. For one semester, I taught the "terminal" freshman math course. The syllabus that I was required to follow was obsolete by thirty years. The switch to online course should really be accompanied by a vigorous debate over the content that is being taught. I never thought of this before, but the first 4 digits of my credit card number revealing the issuing bank seems insecure to me. That's not a fault of the op's program, of course. While you're at it, add an indicator to show if the data lines are active. Could this be as simple as LED and resistor? Why didn't the MacBook just configure itself? What basic computer skills should everybody possess? In my view, the answer is: None. My rationale is that any skill considered to be universal enough for everybody to know, should be taken care of by the computer -- especially if the computer is sold on the premise that "it just works." I've been hacking since 1981, and I wouldn't have guessed the need to configure the MacBook for a proxy server, or that the proxy was blocking the embedded YouTube video. On the other hand, I want my own kids to learn how to hack. We have 4 Raspberry Pi's in the house. The kids are learning HTML and Python. But why? My motive isn't to teach them "skills," but just to see if it sparks their interest. Also, I think that given the ubiquity of programming as an intellectual pursuit, and its impact on society & history, it ranks as a "liberal art" alongside calculus. I love that the Truant Officer is listed in the credits. Maybe he didn't think it was patentable. I suspect that their experience with the //e influenced the decision to make the Mac a closed box. Like you, I found the PC to be a much more comfortable transition. Because the Apple ][ was a locked design, folks started poking directly into ROM and RAM locations, for instance directly manipulating system variables, or even jumping into the middle of ROM subroutines. A book called "What's Where in the Apple II" documented almost every known hook. My mom had that book. She's my hacker role model. As a result of the way that software interacted, it became virtually impossible for Apple to update the ROMs without breaking popular apps. The next generation of personal computers all represented different approaches to avoiding this problem by providing well documented entry points while offering no guarantee of long term code stability. IBM made one mistake: They let people hard code the address of video RAM, which is what led to the legendary 640k barrier. I agree. In my view, the "walled garden" of iOS is just the next step in what Apple had already intended to establish for the original Mac. To be charitable, I can imagine it being based on the idea of protecting the user from Bad Software. But lots of us wanted to write Bad Software such as little programs for our own use, or for limited, specialized use by other people. I found the Mac programming docs (Inside Mac) to be impenetrable, and the overhead for writing Hello World enormous. Then I fell in love with HyperCard. But we all know what happened to that. My mom was a high school teacher in a small rural district with a Ford plant. In the early 80's, she took a couple of programming classes as a hedge against possible layoff, and ended up starting a class at her school. She paid for the computers out of her own pocket, and class met before the regular school day. It should be noted that during this time period, outside of a few affluent districts, virtually all teaching of programming at the K-12 level was done on an ad hoc basis by teachers who volunteered their time and money. Edit: Not "was" a hacker but "is" a hacker. ;-) Slow, dog slow. I've tried Open / Libre Office on both Windows and Linux targets. A benchmark: Create a couple columns of, say, 10000 x/y values, and see how long it takes to create a basic scatter plot. Also, I've noticed that the user interface of Excel is a lot more polished. For instance it's more forgiving of exactly where I put the mouse pointer before clicking -- valuable for me because I get severe eyestrain headaches whenever I have to look too closely at the screen for too long. If it's really free and remains so, it'll be cool. Oddly enough, I'm in a tiny little niche market where there are a few folks who've had really nasty experiences with eBay, and hence refuse to do business through PayPal. The accepted alternative right now is they send me a check, but this thing looks like a good alternative. I spent a few years in Texas -- another zero income tax state, before moving back to the Midwest. Something to consider is whether or not you've got kids. Right now my family lives in an affordable neighborhood with a tolerant culture and excellent public schools that my two kids attend. In Texas, it seemed more like getting a good secular education for your kids was something that you had to pay a lot for, one way or the other -- either living in a super affluent neighborhood or finding private schools. Financially, I think that I may actually come out ahead living in one of the so-called "education states." Granted, my cultural biases show themselves in this post. Very nice! Now I've got to see if my old floppies are still readable. While in college, I got myself an oddball MS-DOS computer. My dad read an article in the business pages about this guy who had the audacity to market a complete software product for 39 bucks. Dad didn't know anything about computers, except that there was growing interest in programming, so he got Turbo Pascal version 1 for me as an Xmas present. That was the original version, and I stuck with Turbo Pascal through successive revisions until 1994 when I discovered HyperCard on an Apple Mac. In my view, among the strengths of TP, its manuals shouldn't be overlooked. Each version came with a relatively slim yet complete manual that a person could actually read. Of course it helped that the target platform was relatively simple too. We tend to worship heroes. Thus, when we learn that something is cool, we go looking for a lone person who can be identified as the "genius" or the "inventor." If somebody can set themselves up as such a hero, then inventions will be attributed to them by their followers. There's an analogous effect that's reportedly been around for a long time, possibly worldwide: An anti-correlation between birth rates and things like the education and economic empowerment of women. In addition, even the US has seen a decline in birth rates resulting from economic stagnation. Is Japan an exception, or merely an extreme case due to the tenacity of workplace sex discrimination? > Watch out, though, for integer division: now 1/2==0.5 (not 0). There go half of my bugs. ;-) An Excel to LabVIEW converter. ;-) It seems like a really cool idea. For better or worse, Excel has emerged as the de facto "programming" tool for small scale computation and database tasks. It's an annoyance that you can't see your entire program at once, especially for checking correctness, finding bugs, and understanding someone else's work. I've been teaching Python to my kids (both in middle school), and had to explain zero based arrays. Fortunately, all explanations automatically translate into "yet another stupid thing that grown-ups do." ;-) Being somewhat of an old timer, I understand the justification of zero based arrays based on making the hardware simpler and maintaining a tight coupling between the representation of a program in source code and its implementation in hardware. Zero is special because all of the bits are the same. Arrays are zero based because the physical location of the first element is the same as the memory location assigned to the array itself, plus zero. For the last element, I just remember the mnemonic "up to but not including." I'm reminded of the old adage: "You can't prove a negative." While I'm not smart enough to know if this statement is philosophically sound, it occurs to me that when you're working on something, the number of possible suggestions is infinite, and conclusively refuting any suggestion is futile. Thus, endless suggestions of the form: "Why don't you try such-and-so?" are counterproductive -- especially when they come from the person who writes your performance review. For suggestions, I have a place where I can politely write them down for future use. That's called the "dark text problem." ;-) Thanks! My kids will love this. Perhaps the most forthright answer is because it's interesting. In my view the inability to live with contradictory theories is one of the things that makes science what it is, and also that propels science forward. Gravity and quantum mechanics is a grand example, but we're trained on countless little contradictions, such as why channels A and B of my circuit seemed to behave differently yesterday, though they are nominally identical. Letting a contradiction stand without investigating it would have to be a conscious mutual decision, in and of itself. Making that decision arbitrarily would be akin to making the contradiction a matter of dogma. This is why some folks struggle with cognitive dissonances that they perceive in religions. Otherwise, if the contradiction is discovered to be irreconcilable for a good scientific reason, that discovery will be equivalent to a unification. So it's a game where there's nothing in between winning and giving up, and no time limit. What we never know about contradictions is how long it will take to reconcile them. When I discovered the problem with channels A and B, I had no idea at that moment how or when I would solve it. We have to live with the remote possibility that unifying gravity and quantum mechanics will take 100,000 years. Perhaps what comes along with training in any profession is an understanding that what "radical" consists of might be subtle, and not easily recognizable to a lay person. Good way to weed out people with personal commitments such as families. Gaming metrics could be tested during the interview process: "That was a nice job solving FizzBuzz. Now, please tell us concisely how you would solve this problem: The purchasing department has a metric for buying in volume to get discounts. The manufacturing department has a metric for cutting inventory. There's a huge Dumpster next to the loading dock." (Based on a true story). "Urea, I found it!" -- Apologies to Archimedes I looked into licensing at one point when it seemed like my career would be heading in a different direction. As I understand it, my state defines "engineering" as anything that could affect public safety, and says that all engineers have to be licensed, but there are only exams in certain subject areas. I think the guiding principle of engineering regulation would lead one to believe that software controls for a car should be covered by licensing, but that this has not occurred in practice due to the regulations not keeping up with technological change. Too much brand consolidation could have a negative market appeal. Consolidating logistics would be another matter. The fallacy of "just" should be added to the standard lists of logical fallacies. "Just do X" assertions are problematic in a number of ways: 1. "Just" carries a hidden assumption, that the thing is simple and straightforward. 2. It's awkward to respond without tacitly accepting the burden of proof for why you can't do the thing. So far as I know, sapphire is also used as a substrate for growing some kinds of semiconductors. Here, the optical clarity isn't as important as the chemical purity, but clarity and purity go hand in hand for sapphire. It would be interesting to look at companies with stack ranking and see if any objective performance measure is a significantly better predictor of a layoff than: 1) A random number generator; 2) the personality of your boss. I just tried it, and it's great. Nice job, on many fronts: Recognizing a problem, coming up with a simple, uncluttered solution, and making it work. In my view, a site like this is useful for a lot of purposes beyond actually signing up for health care. For instance, I've got employer sponsored care, but I was simply curious about what my costs would be through the exchanges. I also want to be an informed citizen, and "how much does it really cost" is an obvious question that anybody might be inclined to ask. In my view, knowing the magnitude of the numbers should help provide a reference point for political debate. Thanks for that! I had assumed that I wouldn't qualify for a subsidy, and indeed I don't. As others have mentioned, these sites don't actually solve all of the problems, but it seems to me that a few free tools that just help people gather information would take some of the pressure off of the main system. And if enough of these tools were to crop up, then none of them would have to be 100% reliable. Simply making people less nervous about signing up will make the official process work better. It's a nice article, but it overlooks one fact: There needs to be a brain drain out of academia, because academia can't absorb more than a fraction of its own production of talent. Ah, but this isn't just a problem with coding. A mechanical or electrical engineer would have been horrified by my vacuum system or electronic circuitry. ;-) When I was in grad school, the mantra was: It only has to work long enough and well enough to produce a result. My experiment was declared a success when I got the MTBF up from a few seconds to a few minutes. Maybe this helps explains why a B+ isn't worth anything any more. Would 3D printing help with some projects? Actually, building and playing with published Raspberry Pi or Arduino projects wouldn't be too bad a way to go. Most of the designs are open, and hobbyists tend not to overcomplicate things. See how many layers of the onion you can peel back, or what small changes you can make. Choose a board and see how much mileage you can get out of it. For the lowest level nuts and bolts, Horowitz and Hill's _Art of Electronics_ is still a classic. Going through the first few chapter exercises will get you thinking in terms of voltages and currents. Try for an older edition, second hand. The fundamentals haven't changed. In fact, that brings up an idea for a way that hardware is sometimes easier than software. The laws of physics that constrain our designs don't go obsolete every 2 weeks. That paper brings back memories... http://www.quill.com/ampad-engineers-pads/cbs/046009.html?cm... If this is a novel antibiotic with any therapeutic potential, please let's outlaw feeding it to cattle by the ton. I came across a web forum thread in which the escalation of criminal sentencing laws is compared to the Milgram experiment: http://www.isthmus.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=35&t=58211 Of course no analogy is perfect, but this one gave me pause. I had a similar experience in my career, well over a decade ago. Granted, my anecdote doesn't prove anything, especially because I could have been wrong at the time, but it reflects the mindset. I had a choice of implementing a machine controller with GUI in MacOS (System 7.5), some flavor of Windows, or even MS-DOS! Two factors influenced my choice: 1. Familiarity with the innards of a PC assured me that I could make it work all by myself, no matter what, even if it turned out to be ugly on the inside. 2. Looking ahead, and realizing that a bunch of MacOS development experience on my resume would elicit a yawn from most recruiters. As for the display controller, today I'd do it with something like a Raspberry Pi. Stack ranking makes managers irrelevant to employee performance: The lowest employee is going to get sacked, so there's no reason for the manager to work on that person's performance. The highest employee doesn't need a manager. The remaining middle can be dealt with next year. Maybe stack ranking replaces low performers with high performers, but only if you make managers irrelevant to the hiring process, because we keep hearing that managers don't know how to hire. All that's left is for the manager, once a year, turn in a ranking list. I wonder if all of that could be automated. SRAAS. ;-) Now, there remains a place for managers, because stack ranking is a "guideline" and there is always some flexibility. So it's each manager's job to negotiate the budget of rankings for their team. This is why I've commented before that a vital factor is having a boss who is liked by others, and who has the leadership ability to stand up for his or her team. Well, it's a small and localized data point, but my kids (both in middle school) have had a blast with theirs. They've played around with a lot of things, including Scratch programming and a little bit of Python. We've gone back and forth between RPi and the desktop, since they can run pretty much the same software anywhere. Something to consider is that the RPi wasn't launched into a vacuum like the earliest microcomputers were. So it won't have as profound of an impact. At the lower grade levels, around 3rd through maybe 8th grade, Scratch seems to be a pretty big deal. Somehow, Scratch has been installed on every computer in our house, and a couple of Arduino boards arrived shortly after S4A was mentioned recently here on HN. I'd encourage Scratch in the schools before RPi. The RPi has certainly been educational for me. I'm sure it wasn't the first, or the best, little Linux board. But in part due to hobbyist interest in it, there's a lot of good tutorial information out there, making it easy for someone like me (minimal formal training in programming and electronics) to create some pretty cool things. And they call Bitcoins a currency? From what I've observed, Matlab is more popular. There's a perception -- for whatever reason valid or invalid -- that Matlab is for numerical computation, and Mathematica is for symbolic or higher level math. And, that Matlab is easier. However, I'm noticing a trend towards using mainstream programming languages and whatever free libraries are available, to do the same kind of work. I used Mathematica 15+ years ago, and for doing the same kind of work today, I now use Python and am quite happy with it. As an add-on question, how do stores or online retailers set prices in BTC's? It would seem that you'd need to have indexed prices (like wages in some high inflation countries) to know what you're actually charging for something. Which, ironically, requires sitting in front of a screen for hours. ;-) "Beware of having lucky people trying to rationalize their luck into repeatable process postfact." Quote of the week. Thanks! The funny thing about something like bitcoins is that we don't yet know if the bubble consists of owning them, or not owning them. Disclaimer: I own none. ;-) In my view, the enjoyment of human interaction is not inconsistent with the enjoyment of solitary activities, even if you can't do both at the same time. A programmer doesn't have to be an introvert. I know several good programmers, including myself, who are quite outgoing. What's more, "forcing" me to choose sides, and then using it for some sort of employment decision, will result in a mistake. Maybe there should be two scales, where it's more credible that there are actual opposites: 1. Enjoys group activity, or doesn't. 2. Enjoys activities involving concentration, or doesn't. How does one identify a definition as technical? >>> It's sticky being in the 'middle' - big enough where you need to use services rather than hand assembly, but small enough where you don't really have any purchasing power. The road to production has a big no man's land in the middle. Second quote of the week in one week. ;-) I make a couple of small electronic gadgets for my side business. My day job is also involved in electronic manufacturing, and I've had a good overview of what it involves. Amusing anecdote: I was restocking a critical part, and noticed that one of the _alternate_ part numbers was on end-of-life status. I panicked and bought out my supplier's entire inventory of my preferred part number. That turned out to be the world's remaining supply, and the part is now obsolete. I suppose at the end of the day, the lesson is that no matter how good you think your suppliers are about keeping you apprised of component lifetime issues, once in a while, you're going to get screwed. For being in the "middle," it's not just purchasing power, but that there are a lot of shady vendors out there. Any start-up that is headed towards that wilderness had better have an experienced buyer along. In fact, if you're still working at a day job, any experience you can get in the trenches of supply chain management will probably benefit you. It's also worth considering what your design chain looks like, because it is intertwined with your supply chain. For instance, if you're shopping your firmware work out, and your microchip goes obsolete, you'll need to have a plan for responding quickly. I've observed that sourcing issues can eat a measurable fraction of your engineering department's time and attention. At this point, I've stuffed and soldered 1000+ boards. If nothing else, watching the up's and down's of Bitcoin is a motivation to think about what life would be like in an economy where currency is volatile. Beautiful MatPlotLib work. ;-) I have some "over printed" bank notes and postage stamps from the Weimar Republic. The money would be worthless by the time they got it printed, so they just ran it through another press to add more zeros. My grandparents lived through that. Gold is volatile too. Imagine estimating the time to complete a hike, and then being told that a bunch of children will be coming along. I've seen the opposite, where the effort and bureaucracy to change the software is so prohibitive that changes are made to electronics or even mechanics to avoid a software change. In deep dives into the literature (in search of other things), I've found rectifier circuits that use transistors (don't remember whether MOSFET or whatever) switched at line frequency to form a bridge rectifier with a lower forward drop. Of course it doesn't mean that anybody ever commercialized it. Beautiful, Greenspun's Tenth Rule comes to the hardware department! I live in a neighborhood nearby a major public university, populated by a lot of academics. Most of the people I know who are pursuing academic careers just want to do good work in return for decent working conditions and a decent middle class living. Few aspire, or expect, to become superstars. Academia has those positions, maybe not enough to go around, but they're there. I'm not sure that drug dealing does. Granted, I got my physics degree 20 years ago. At that time, there was actually a lot of frustration in the physics community about the lack of preparation for industry jobs. So I'd hesitate to speculate on why (or even if) the situation has improved. But I will anyway. ;-) I think that physics students aren't always "monogamously" in love with physics, so much as we're intellectual omnivores / opportunists. I was in love with math, electronics, and programming. But I ended up at a college with no engineering school, and the people who seemed to have the most fun playing with toys were my physics profs. But as a result, my ability to roll circuits and sling code with the best of 'em was still marketable in 1993. Today, I see a trend towards hiring people with more formal skills in their job areas, such as CS and EE degrees for programming and electronics design. And I see more emphasis on tools (IDE, CAD, etc.) than on knowledge of fundamentals. As an aside, it's worth noting that the public image of physics is the Theoretician, but most physics students are Experimentalists. Will it be cheaper than PayPal? A believer in Murphy's Law might speculate that the package of services needed to make Bitcoin reliable enough for regular consumer use, will also involve a level of fees comparable to PayPal. Are they elected? This should help me learn JavaScript! Upon further thought, I agree. I wouldn't have wanted to learn Python from a Visual Basic to Python translator. ;-) I wonder if it's a simple market differentiation factor, like why there are 100 different kinds of breakfast cereal. Creating two immiscible classes of toys effectively doubles the variety, and the floor space devoted to toys in stores. It makes hand-me-downs less appealing if you've got one kid of each kind. That factor alone would create a noticeable sales bump for toy stores, even if the differences were totally arbitrary. But the differences have to be strong enough so that the toys of each sex invoke the yuck response in the other sex. It's funny, but math is both occupational and therapeutic for me at the same time. Maybe you could weave those fields together! I've seen "too big to fail" apply to projects within businesses as well. Among the many hats that I wear, one is optics designer. A useful resolution test is to take pictures of alternating black and white bars, then use some sort of image analysis software to measure the contrast ratio, then draw a graph of contrast versus "frequency" which is inversely proportional to the spacing of the bars. You could define the resolution as the frequency or spacing where contrast drops to some arbitrary value such as 50 percent. Contrast won't depend on light level unless the camera is doing some interesting post-processing. It might be worthwhile to Google "USAF test chart" and look at what pops up under Images, because folks have conjured up test patterns that are useful for determining the contrast of an imaging system in one exposure. What I think might be tricky is to come up with an objective definition of resolution or contrast that is amenable to both physical and physiological measurement. [edited to add "inversely"] Occam's Razor: Apple patented it in order to own the invention. In my view, public acceptance requires stability. There's nothing that I can think of in the theory or history of Bitcoin to suggest that it should, can, or will ever, overcome its volatility. "Store of value" acceptable to laypeople will never happen, so long as Btc is volatile. "Medium of exchange" will be hampered by volatility because the use of Bitcoin by laypeople will require them to exchange Btc for a stable currency such as government money. This exchange is unnecessary when using a mechanism such as PayPal, thus Btc inherently suffers a higher load of transaction fees. It's a vicious circle. Liquidity of the exchange between currency and Btc would help to address both of these problems, but is beyond the scope of the Btc concept itself. It will require further innovation. A possible scenario for success is that competition drives Btc transaction costs below credit card swipe fees, thus breaking the oligopoly of the credit card processing business. Disclaimer: I use a PayPal merchant account for my side business. This quote, or maybe ones similar too it, have been cited as the "basis" of our school system, and it's not inconceivable to me that people with those motives helped get our public schools off the ground. But is there any evidence that such ideas are actually influential in today's schools? I'll bet that most teachers, if shown your quote, would retch. Maybe I'm lucky (at least, lucky enough to be affluent), but I don't think that my kids are discouraged from being creative at school or in quasi-school activities such as their music lessons. An observation about the article is the frequent mention of risk. What's risk? It's the chance that something will go wrong. If risk is how we formally define it, then a ten million dollar idea with a 90% chance of failure is worth a million. This suggests a potential gap between the innovator's view of their own idea, and its actual value. On the other hand, a dullard who comes up with a million dollar idea that's demonstrably risk free, has delivered equal value. What happens when the innovator presents the ten million dollar idea to a room full of dullards? After several such episodes in succession, they've persuaded themselves that the dullards hate innovation. Blaming people for being risk-averse isn't good enough. There has to be something else going on, such as a gap between perceived risk and real risk, that influences both innovators and dullards. Near as I can tell, the mainstream K-12 curriculum today resembles what Wilson would have considered to be a liberal education. Lots of math, science, reading, writing, history, etc. Math, science, and programming, are also play. ;-) Acres. Two more possible categories: 1. Waiting until I know that I can work productively on something -- free of distractions or micro-management 2. Waiting until the task vanishes because it wasn't worth doing in the first place And don't have carpets. Also, less stuff means less dust. My mom is a clean freak (also a scientist), and most of her rules have to do with the amount of stuff in the house rather than how it's kept. In my view, the impact of the President's message will not be on those of us who are already teaching our kids programming, but on the kids who live on the other side of the digital divide, and have nobody around them -- parents and even teachers -- who are fully aware of what programming consists of. Many parents think that programming is dangerous. I agree with the folks who have suggested that something like a semester of C randomly inserted into the existing curriculum will be a waste. Instead, the "every American should learn code" message should stimulate debate about what "code" would actually consist of if applied intelligently to the K-12 curriculum. How about music class? So much of contemporary music is programmed. Create music in Scratch. Replace some obsolete math exercises with explorations using spreadsheets or computer algebra software. Let kids use Scratch to write their own data acquisition programs for science labs, via S4A. Interestingly, you could group your words in two ways: good (life skills) (good life) skills Both apply equally! Perhaps a side effect of "everybody" learning to program will be the demand for more programming tools that are easy to use. Excel and VBA both developed due to use demand. I've seen lots of people, from engineers to workers on the loading dock, use Excel to create convenient tools for their own use. To make the argument less compelling and more realistic, you have to make the rankings multi-dimensional and draw large tolerance bands around each person's ranking. There's a lot of truth to this. A PhD is to a considerable extent a product of their project, and no two projects are alike, even for students working in the same lab. In fact, a physics problem isn't necessarily going to be solved using physics techniques. My lab mate solved his problem by developing new theory. I solved mine by overwhelming it with electronics and code. I'd love to study how long it takes the tanks to fall into disuse, to the point of being inoperable, simply because police departments will lose interest in them, neglect maintenance, forget where all of the pieces are, fail to find suppliers for spares, etc. Something puzzles me about the hologram analogy. A hologram seems totally garbled, and is "played" by projecting it in a particular way so that we see an image of the original object. In contrast, our 4-d world doesn't seem garbled to us at all, and there is no way to "play" it and see an image of a higher dimensional world. I'm almost ready to say that "ergonomic keyboard" is an oxymoron. Thinking outside the box: Some musical instruments have a small number of keys for a large number of notes. Playing for long time periods without injury is now part of the basic training that all musicians receive. Maybe a model for an ergonomic keyboard would be something like a saxophone. Heists and lost fortunes never stopped people from owning, trading, and speculating in gold. False dichotomy. Edit: To be fair, my comment relates more to the title than to the body of the post. We went to "first to file" in order to make our system more similar to the rest of the world. As I understand it, there were already very few cases where priority was decided based on inventorship. There's only a fee once the number of claims exceeds a certain number. Having duplicate "means" and "method" patents is pretty common. A general benefit of having multiple related claims is that some can stand even if others are knocked down. This would be a situation where you have to look at the body text, not just the claims, because they could under certain circumstances file an amended claim set, so long as the new claims are anticipated by the body text. Note: I'm not a patent lawyer, but have a handful of patents and have helped my employer with addressing patent related issues. In my view, there's a difference between programming and computer science, though I could forgive the Rep for using one as a generic term for the other. Disclaimer: I'm a programmer and definitely not a computer scientist. As I mentioned in another recent thread, "programming" doesn't need to consist of a semester of C, or a slog through Horowitz and Sahni. My kids simply think of programming in terms of "making the computer do things." They like to play with Scratch, and have made me promise to teach them Python. My daughter's interested in math, and I've showed her how to solve equations and graph things using Maxima. We have a couple of Raspberry Pi's, so the kids have gotten comfortable with the command line, configuration files, etc. Just find ways for the kids to do things and make things using computers, with a bias towards letting some of those things resemble programming. In my case, the vat contains coffee. ;-) As I understand it, something like the first 8 digits of your card number encode information about what kind of card you have. It allows the merchant to tailor how much you pay, to the type of card. It could take a couple of forms: 1. A surcharge for certain kinds of cards. 2. A discount for certain kinds of cards. In either case, I think this is just a logical step in a progression that makes it so that a merchant can recover a portion of their credit card fees from the consumer. Good or bad? It might create an opportunity for competition among credit card processors to offer their services for the lowest possible fee. This is a study that I'd definitely need to see repeated. The "reproducibility crisis" looms large. I use microcontrollers for prototyping and proof-of-concept work. Often I combine multiple devices into a system that I can control from a PC. It's been my experience that dropping in a something-to-serial converter is 100x easier than trying to install and understand a communication protocol "stack," even if the code and documentation is supplied by the chip vendor. I tend to use little USB-to-serial breakout boards, but I'd do the same with RJ45 if I needed that interface. Once something of mine is ready to commercialize, it gets handed over to professional developers who tend to prefer the built-in firmware based approach, but they end up spending a lot of time debugging those interfaces. I keep my eye on which programming languages and techniques are recommended for kids (plus kids-of-all-ages such as hobbyists, scientists, etc.). Then I use those languages myself. ;-) Thanks for those links! Regarding making programming fun, I've observed that certain kids (well OK, my kids) get a kick out of programming that interacts with the physical world. Kids seem to prefer writing programs that "do" something, where their definition of "do" might be different than ours. Before reading the article, my response would have been: "With my stupidity plus tireless determination, the clone would be dead in five minutes" >>> Your clone decided to give up the bad habits you shared. This suggests more than one difference. How about a more provocative idea (yes, a straw man, but I'm just thinking aloud): Don't distract new programmers with computer science. ;-) Depends on the risk. Assuming that the risk is proportionate to dosage, and in the absence of a regulatory mechanism, widespread use of performance enhancing drugs will lead to a level of use just shy of being lethal over the duration of employment, say three years. AFAIK caffeine is a diuretic, interferes with sleep, and gives me the shakes at a high enough dosage. I'd consider those things to be side effects. Pushing up against an unacceptable level of side effects is what probably forces most of us to moderate our dosage. I had to look up Nash equilibrium, and your critique is valid given that I certainly haven't tried to compute anything. A number of observations lead me to suspect that there is some sort of optimum: 1. Working conditions generally being more dangerous in the absence of regulatory mechanisms such as OSHA. 2. I live in a state with a sizable dairy industry, and I've read that three years is the typical productive lifespan of a milk cow before it can no longer support its own weight and collapses, when its production is managed with RBGH and antibiotics. 3. Doping of elite athletes is regulated by practical limits of detection. Lethality might not be the ultimate limit. Public outrage or a decline of performance above a certain dosage might also set upper limits. Disclaimer: I work for a Fortune 500 company. I suspect the inefficiency added by managers is overblown, because most of them do not spend 100% of their time on traditional management activities such as supervision and decision making. A lot of their work is on tasks that would fall in somebody's lap within any organization. Some of those tasks are ones that I find to be dreadful. Tasks that require someone to be fairly articulate and numerate, and at a level where they can be "privy" to sensitive information. From a technical standpoint, a lot of it could be described as data gathering, analysis, and reporting, in situations where those things can't quite be automated. Comment above about Parkinson's Law and the Peter Principle are duly noted. ;-) I was a manager for a while, so I don't exempt myself from those observations. I'd love to know if there's a good way to program an Android on an Android. I haven't found a satisfactory answer yet. On the other hand, programming for kids is probably a good use, as it doesn't have to be massively processor intensive. One problem is lack of a keyboard, though I've got a $20 Bluetooth keyboard that's a clone of the Apple. But I wonder if kids really care about that. Maybe not. I'd love to have something that was as simple as the good old BASIC of old. In fact, as I'm typing this, I'm downloading a couple of BASIC interpreters to play with. If you come up with a good way of doing this, that the kids enjoy, please share! You'd like to be paid more for being a good negotiator. I'd like to be paid more for being a good musician. Paying somebody more for being a good negotiator would seem to make sense if negotiation were an important part of their job. Otherwise it's just inefficient. Not to dismiss an interesting study, but it only seems to address the emotional response to criticism. When giving or receiving criticism in a work environment, there is likely to be a rational response of equal or even greater importance. At the very least, an employee who receives criticism will perform some sort of rough mental calculation to determine things like: 1. Is the criticism valid? 2. Is it threatening? These calculations may be influenced, not only by how you deliver the message, but by what information has already been revealed to the employee -- by your behavior, by the corporate history and culture, and by the employee's general knowledge of business trends. ... and she's already expected to pay for dinner. ;-) Perhaps an option, if it's not something you're planning on selling, would be to open-source it, and then let the employer use it like any other user. I treated college math and physics as symbolic manipulation games, and graduated cum laude with majors in both subjects. I can still fly through those exercises today, a quarter century later. My only misgiving is that the emphasis on closed form solutions, at the time, was exclusive. It distorts the choice of problems that students are given. Not being a CSist, I don't know if a similar distortion exists in CS. I'm surprised, in an industry that is founded upon automating repetitive tasks, that the coding interview can't be automated. Isn't that what standardized testing is all about? Well, I certainly can't plead innocent. ;-) I've realized for a long time that what's gotten me through school and life is a series of accommodations for the brain that I happen to possess. Oddly enough, things "clicked" for me in terms of developing the deep understanding underlying the symbols, but not always concurrently with whatever course I was taking. Very good point, and I realize that I was being a bit sarcastic about standardized testing. In fact it's possible that if a particular set of coding questions gains widespread use, then it will function as a de facto standardized test, with the result that you predict. This could already be the case if both employers and applicants are searching online for lists of the best interview questions. Here's my observation about "teaching to the test," having two kids who are now in middle school. Since every kid has to pass, the test is written to the lowest common denominator. Drilling the test over and over, to boost the school's average by a few points, short-changes the kids who have already mastered the material and need more challenge. Something like "cracking the code interview" could become an upper bound. I've noticed that the "degree is a rip off" comment crops up among graduates of practically every field from every school, equally from successful people and failures. So I'm not sure that I'd read much into it. I think coding is neither science nor engineering. I like the term "craft" much better. I've got a job where I get to spend a fair amount of time hacking on things that I'm personally interested in. I wonder if the 50% level, a la Guido Van Rossum, is some sort of optimum. Besides paying the bills, the non-unicorn work keeps me in touch with a lot of interesting people and ideas, and prevents me from getting tunnel vision. Two things have helped me. First, the stuff that the company makes is close enough to my personal interests, that I don't have to fight too hard to justify my unicorn work. Second, I make damn sure that my hacks end up in products and patents once in a while. Failing to intervene when a contributor's usefulness starts to wane is a failure of management. Ask HN: What problem triggered this? >>> 3) Chicago will also be the first US urban district to offer a K-8 computer science pathway, reaching one in four elementary schools in the next five years. In my view this is as big a deal as the high school course, if not bigger. The earlier you teach it, the less rigorous and more fun it can be. Well, I'm not a teacher, but I've got two kids in 6th and 8th grade, who are learning programming. We've been doing this for a few years now. Both kids are proficient in reading and math, and are interested in a wide range of subjects. Oddly enough, they have radically different styles of learning. I think it's important to be perceptive of what things kids consider to be interesting, as opposed to what we grown-ups believe to be important. The kids will be bursting with ideas of things that they want to make, and the trick is finding a way to channel some of those ideas into projects that they can actually carry out within finite time and material budgets. But I've learned that what they make doesn't have to be a full blown polished app. The pride of making it themselves trumps any adult aesthetic or ergonomic sensibilities. Scratch is great. The animations and sounds provide enough creative space to keep kids interested for quite a while. They can teach one another. It has some practical benefits, being written for widespread installation and "safe" use. The accompanying Web forums seem to be pretty closely moderated by grown-ups, while still allowing plenty of fun chatter. The mechanism for sharing and modifying programs provides a taste of open source! We've had fun with S4A. This is worth checking out. Making stuff dance around on the screen is all well and good, but I think that interacting with the physical world really drives home the fact that you're making the computer do something. This is a gaping issue. I don't think the answer lies in turning teachers into the kind of programmers that I imagine many of us are on HN. Most K-8 teachers don't have the background that I had when I learned programming, or the spare time to spend hours a day hacking. Considerable effort has been directed towards bringing programming to kids (e.g., Scratch). Perhaps we now need to make the same effort to bring programming to teachers, the majority of whom are weak in math. A predicament for teachers is not knowing what "language" will be chosen for teaching kids. If you know nothing about programming, the sheer proliferation of options is going to be a forbidding barrier. At this stage, nobody wants to drive a stake in the ground by declaring a chosen language, but doing so would probably go further than anything else to help teachers get started. Example: When I learned programming, that choice was driven by being wired into every affordable computer: BASIC. It wasn't the greatest language, but it gave teachers something to hang their hats on. Editorial: If the moguls really wanted to encourage programming, they wouldn't make computers hard to program. It's an outrage that the most popular computer among teachers and kids -- the iPad -- can't be programmed. Mom thought her teaching job was going away, learned programming, ended up teaching it. Sibling studied CS in college. I took a class in BASIC and was hooked. That was the early 80s. Et Tu, USB flash drives? We'll work on product quality just after we make our numbers for the quarter. Honest. Any time you have a metric driven reward system, you will find an entire industry built upon gaming the metric. Everybody standing on the sidelines with no skin in the game is always proud to point out the engineer's mistakes after they have been made. I comfort myself with Teddy Roosevelt's "man in the arena" speech. The entire economy looks bad, for all workers. Median income has dropped for everybody. Household debt has increased for everybody. Ah, of course. Nice call. I'd edit my post, but instead I'll leave it there to document the error. ;-) It would be interesting to know the impact of US college education on global poverty. In my view, a copyright system could reach a middle ground between libertarians and the rest of us. Limiting the term of copyrights is such a middle ground. In my view, if anybody could upset the monopoly of Visa and MasterCard by creating a new payment system with lower fees, they could do so today using dollars. Bitcoin isn't the missing piece of this puzzle. In fact I suspect Bitcoin would be an obstacle, due to lack of public confidence. In my view, the importance of the 2 vs 3 issue depends on who you think the typical Python user is, and the user population may be changing rapidly. I'm not a CSist or professional programmer. I use programming as a tool, typically to solve short term problems for myself or for a small circle of colleagues. When I started using Python, not too long ago, it seemed like I had discovered a secret productivity tool. A project manager asked me: "What's a Python?" Today, Python seems to be everywhere. It's been taken up by curious characters such as scientists and hobbyists. It seems to be the lingua franca of the Raspberry Pi. My non-CSist colleagues are getting into it, and I don't think it's just because of my incessant evangelism. ;-) A great thing about Python is that you can use it at whatever skill level you happen to be at, by ignoring its advanced features until you need them. I could switch from 2 to 3 today, but I'm lazy. I'd get bonked by errant print statements for a while, and probably not experience any other hurdles. I spend more time already, keeping up with the changes that I make to my own libraries. I like: Idea --> Write Paper --> Do Research It gives me something I can do when I can't work on the research itself (e.g., during meetings, in between interruptions, at home, etc.). And it helps me anticipate obvious questions that might detract from my result. A slide that looks like it doesn't contribute to the impact of the talk might indicate work that doesn't really contribute to the result. Limiting the text Just a few letters per line A novel concept I pledged at a level that gets me one board. So far I don't think they have shipped. The author has documented that the first shippers will be hand soldered, which makes good sense, and I'm looking forward to mine. Now, just to come up with a use for it. ;-) I'd describe it as a microcontroller breakout board with a built-in Python interpreter. I've also got Pi's, and make extensive use of lower level MCU breakout boards (e.g., 16 bit, programmed in C) for prototyping. It's easier to throw a micro at a problem than to coax a PC to work as a real time computer. And there usually has to be some kind of electronic interface anyway, so why not a micro? The Python board will do a couple of things. First, by studying the design, I'll get a gentle introduction to a micro that's much more powerful than anything I've ever dealt with. I'll see what kind of code is needed to manage such a beast. Second, I'll learn the tradeoffs between a higher level language and C for embedded projects. I vividly remember reading about the 8052AH-BASIC chip in "Ciarcia's Circuit Cellar" (Byte Magazine, August 1985). It was an 8 bit micro with an 8 kByte floating point BASIC. There was also a version with FORTH. These interpreters were codes that Intel gave away to illustrate what you could do with their chips. Many years later, I bought a simplified version of the circuit and used it to run little production machines in a factory. Agreed, with apologies. Post deleted. >>> Also, just owning the tools is illegal in some states. Yes, there is a provision in state laws against possession of "thieves tools." That article could have been written about music and musicians. I'm a working jazz musician, and the number of women who I encounter on the bandstand is depressingly small. That's an interesting passage. Thanks! The inroads made by women in classical music, especially when compared with other areas of the music business, are striking. And the levels of physical and emotional stamina needed to compete on the orchestral audition circuit are _staggering_. The ultimate coding interview. ;-) I've never had to compete at that level. Almost all of my calls are based on word-of-mouth. But I still remember my first paid gig. Talk about impostor syndrome! Paper notebooks for me too. I like little bound ones that I can fit in a jacket pocket. If I look at what notes I can still access after 1, 10, or even 20 years, it's all paper. I love Freemind too. I use it for the "what do we know about this thing" phase of problem solving. One interesting aspect of a paper notebook is that you know exactly what information you're carrying across a border. Of course paper notes have security issues, but all of those issues are known and easy to understand. The front door is open, but there are no back doors. I think that in the long run, Microsoft profited from piracy. My rationale is that piracy gave a market advantage to the OS with the widest selection of "free" software. So long as folks could copy MS-DOS and Windows software from their workplace, there was little incentive to consider any other OS. An old analog hacker rule of thumb is that if your product is going to emit RF, you'll find spurious RF on input and output terminals (including ground terminals), which you can check with a scope. Such a pre-test is cheaper than getting a field test done and failing. The scope test might be do-able on a comparison basis between the two designs. It's possible that Apple over-engineered their shielding. It's not necessarily a cloned design. The cheap part may simply implement standard protocols, and use the name of the Apple part to ensure driver compatibility without too much testing. Still, that seems rather under-handed if it's what it seems. This is completely beside the point of the article, but I work for a company that makes fairly large precision equipment. A potential service nightmare is when the customer moves the equipment and screws it up. A lot of this equipment is designed to only be installed by the supplier, due to the amount of documentation and training that would be needed for customer installation. And something like a big CNC may have some fairly detailed site and installation requirements. Maybe the GPS is so it can receive targeted ads. "Customers who machined this part also ordered..." ;-) Thinking as a physics generalist but not an astronomer, I'd describe these things as: 1. Super nova happens near a black hole. Stuff (including photons) that emanate with a speed and direction sufficient to overcome the escape velocity of the system will have happy sailing. Photons at the speed of light, massive stuff slowed down. The rest will be sucked into the hole. The result would be a directional burst that favors photons over massive material. 2. Same as saying that a neutron star falls into black hole. Point well taken about the cutting force probably dwarfing external forces imposed by minor tilting. I don't think I got sick, but had a hard time because of my bad vision, and was fearful of getting eyestrain headaches. I commented to a colleague that the device would benefit from some sort of corrective adjustment of the optics, such as the "diopter" and "pupillary distance" adjustments in a high quality microscope. And apparently a certain fraction of people have limited or no stereo vision. The pupillary distance could be done digitally. I'd give honorable mention to one of, or the whole class of, ultra low cost and low power microcontrollers that are everywhere. My first intro to microprocessors was the Z80 book published by Howard Sams. I never actually tried using one, but the book was so well written that it gave me an excellent foundation. I'd probably recommend one of the older uP's for anybody who is just getting started, as they are so much simpler. Does anybody know how much energy, i.e., Joules or whatever per Bitcoin earned through mining? But possibly less, if there's some sort of arbitrage going on. Also, the energy requirement can't fluctuate as much as the price of bitcoins does. Note I'm not trying to be argumentative. I'm actually genuinely curious. Even just order of magnitude. Folks in the media talk about the energy cost, but never with any attempt to quantify it. Just a ballpark, how many bitcoins would be earned by such a machine per unit time? I think that starting kids earlier would be a massive improvement. A kid's first exposure to any interesting subject shouldn't have to be a college level course. Would we teach math that way? Teaching programming in grade school would be so much better. If kids are 10+ years away from hitting the job market, in an area where technology turns over every 5 years, then we don't have to pretend that we're teaching them a job skill. This gives teachers the freedom to teach things within their own limited skill sets, and to have fun with it. At first they are. This is different than the way I learned math as a kid. Today (at least at the elementary school that my kids attended), math starts out with relatively undifferentiated exploration, and hops around from one topic to another. It gains rigor more gradually. I'm a scientist who uses programming as a problem solving tool. Before learning Python, I spent upwards of a decade using Visual Basic. My workplace has mostly C#, whereas I'm not part of the software development team, and am free to choose my own tools. For me, a problem with proprietary IDE's is that the forced distinction between "development" and "run time" environments encourages centralized development, which invariably becomes bureaucratic. When I need something from the programming department, they hand me a program which I have to carry to the target computer, test, and report back to them on any bugs or further changes. This cycle can take days or weeks if they're busy with other projects at the same time. In contrast, most of my work happens to be decentralized because it occurs in labs where the physical problem to be solved is located. Some of this work now occurs overseas. Much of it is done on computers that are off-network because the IT department rations connections. Locating the full development tools on each computer lets me quickly write and debug programs. And if I share a program with somebody else, it's not prohibitive for them to learn how to make their own changes. I had a total non-programmer say to me: "I think I found a bug in your code, and fixed it." My situation is one where I actually have a reason to keep and share my programs in the form of source code rather than as an installable / executable package. As well, I found Python to be easy for an old geezer to learn, and to write reasonably bug free code. And I love the packages. >>> One stupendously glaring omission in this kind of talk is that good managers are a dime a dozen. If anyone should be warned, it should be managers--if there is no reason to hire employees displaced by automation, then there is absolutely no excuse not to hire the very best managers. It has occurred to me that management is basically an information processing task. Why shouldn't it be automated? I think a reason is that managers are kept around to manage information that can't be committed to a stored record. An example would be details of the decision making process for who gets laid off during a downturn. When I was finishing my PhD in 1993, I told my advisor that I had received an industry job offer. I also mentioned this at interviews for two academic positions. The response of my advisor, and of interviewers, was along the lines of: "If you've got an industry job offer in this climate, why would you even consider applying for academic jobs?" An impressive number of Nobel Prizes in Physics are awarded for technologies. >>> the purpose of a Ph.D.: to produce a piece of original research, which is necessarily extremely specialized. I'd modify this a bit, since a PhD candidate is still a student, and still works under a teacher. The purpose is to learn how to produce original research, by doing it under a mentor. The mentor has some responsibility to guide the student away from making themselves so specialized and unemployable that their first research result is their last. Now, I think that as students move up the ladder, they are afforded greater responsibility for their own careers, and greater freedom to -- frankly -- make mistakes. A PhD student should be able to figure out that a job in business might require being conversant in business. But they should also be free to master a skill that no employer cares about, with eyes-open awareness of the risk to their careers. On the other hand, a student could also think strategically about their research project and employment prospects. I had a physics thesis project with a particular research goal, but considerable latitude as to how I could carry it out, and I steered the project through a series of obstacles that "forced" me to become demonstrably proficient in areas such as electronics and programming, which also happened to be my hobbies. In other words, I tackled a specialized problem by being a generalist. My father gained his PhD yet was and is a generalist. He went to work in industry. Perhaps this gave me a natural role model, and a background that enabled me to manage the same transition. Franz Kafka wrote a short story, "Investigations of a Dog," in which a dog tries to figure out where his food comes from, and why he goes through a barking and jumping ritual before receiving his food, and ends up creating a myth of a giant invisible soaring dog. For me, that's not the Smalltalk-80 issue, but the Z8-BASIC issue. My mom was studying computer science, and subscribed to Byte. I was interested in math, electronics, and programming at the time. I was in high school and had taken a course in BASIC. Ciarcia's Circuit Cellar was transformative for me. What are the failure modes? Flammability. Sorry, I should have elaborated. Flammability popped into my mind because of the need to list the flammability ratings of the materials in a design when going through regulatory testing and certification (UL, CE, etc). Maybe we live in the same city! But... >>> no one around you cares about the same things you do is what I like. The diversity. I can get completely lost in a tech problem that I'm working on, and when I go out and talk to a neighbor, or chat with parents at soccer practice, the topic might be astronomy, biology, politics, or agriculture. Widespread distribution of the data can also affect the process that the data are supposed to measure. When I taught a college course several years ago, it was conventional wisdom that student evaluations were primarily driven by grades, thus encouraging grade inflation. A popular website called "rate my professors" included ratings for "easyness" and "hotness." Female teachers were advised to anticipate receiving one or two rape threats in each batch of anonymous comments. I'm not a lawyer, but as I understand it, the validity of a patent, and the infringement case, are handled by separate courts, each on its own schedule. You can get an infringement judgement against you for a patent that is ultimately invalidated, and the judgement still stands. In my view, one thing about any wearable device is that people form an impression of what you're doing with it. That's what makes it socially acceptable or not in the long run. Earphones / buds / blueteeth don't have unlimited social acceptance. If you're talking to me while wearing headphones, I might ask you to take them off, especially if you're one of my kids. If I see you wearing them while while careening towards me on your bike, I might dive for cover. If I see someone wearing them while communing with nature, I might think they're weird. If any prediction is possible, I'd guess that Google Glasses will also gain some sort of conditional social acceptance based on what they are capable of being used for. How is an acqui-hire not job creation? How do big companies not innovate or create jobs? I work for a Fortune 500 and have engaged in both innovation and job creation. I use the __name__ == '__main__' thing for unit testing. I don't know if this is a generally applicable technique, but a lot of my modules interact with hardware or physical measurements, so I have to "see" the results in order to believe that the units are working. Often, what I'm looking for is problems with what's actually being measured, and the effect of changing operating conditions, not just my own copious programming bugs. For this reason, my unit tests can be pretty elaborate, with GUI, graphs, and other stuff. The unit test also functions as a "demo" of the module. Line numbers in BASIC Oddly enough, there's at least a dozen Hacker News apps at the Android store. Granted, there is no "official" HN app, so these aren't fakes of anything. I decided that the last thing I need is HN burning a hole in my pocket all day long when I should be working. Another thing to teach my kids about personal finance. In my view the simple explanation that there's more to learn before reaching the cutting edge seems credible. Biology is another area. I live in a town where there's a lot of biology research, and there are start-up businesses, but they aren't formed by kids who skipped college to get rich. Instead, the typical start-up founder could be anywhere from 40 to 60. It takes a long time to learn biology. Another possibility to consider is that math research takes more time now because it resembles more of a search than an inventive process. If proof is computer-aided, for instance, then an Edisonian approach could be applied to finding a proof for a theorem (or at least, finding important steps), resulting in discovery of proofs being a matter of time, even for the most brilliant mathematician. (edited for spelling) If you recognize engineering as the "clinical" side of science, then science has saved lives. And cost lives too, of course. Absolutely, and thanks for clarifying. My thought is simply that the creativity has evolved towards work that takes longer to reach fruition. I suspect that of equal importance to the schematic view, for electrical engineers, is the dataflow programming model. Another dataflow based programming tool, albeit non Turing complete, is Excel. An interesting thought about evolution is that text-based programming languages are exquisitely evolve-able, because the technology and effort to evolve a language or create a new one aren't too far out of our reach. If you don't care too much about efficiency, you can create a new language from an old one, and pass it around for others to try out. This may be why there are 100's of text based languages, but I can think of only one graphical language -- LabVIEW -- in widespread use. LabVIEW requires a monumental organization to maintain. Adding a structural feature to the language, requires changing the entire GUI, menus, and so forth. I suspect that if LabVIEW came out with a text based option for dataflow programming with support for their massive libraries, folks would abandon the graphical interface. Maybe graphical isn't always better. Maybe text is really the best way to express programs after all. We could wait for programming to become "intuitive," or learn to develop our intuitions. An anecdote about graphical systems. When I read tutorials for Windows, it's usually a lot of text interspersed with pictures of windows and dialogs. Even videos. Walking someone through a process over the phone is excruciating. The same process using Linux: Open the terminal and enter this text. In fact, Windows tutorials are starting to use: Press the start button and enter some text. I find the device manager by entering "device manager" into the start button menu, not by following an "intuitive" GUI. I have a desktop PC, a notebook, a tablet, and a phone. All four of them were getting long of tooth -- an inevitability given the rapid pace of obsolescence. Which one did I upgrade, and why? My phone, for two reasons: 1. I needed to upgrade my phone in order to sign up with a new provider of phone service. None of the other devices are tethered to a single (invariably evil) service provider for mainstream use. 2. Inefficiency and obsolescence such as sluggish performance carried the highest price on the phone, because my need for the phone occurs in awkward situations such as getting from A to B in my car, or deciding which product to buy in the store. If these are widespread patterns, then the result will be that the slickest, newest computers in the typical household will be phones. Nice. And accurate too. I got the same score as on the Android version. 0 points. Bookmarked, to take a look at what HTML5 looks like. In my observation, engineers tend to forget their math and physics pretty quickly after getting out of school. Many are proud of it. Most of the work of an entry level engineer is CAD, troubleshooting, and bureaucracy. As a musician and a scientist, I wonder if music and art are better analogies than science? And what if we had the luxury to teach some things in school just because they're interesting and fun? Isn't that why most of us learned programming? When kids learn music, they typically start out by playing an instrument, or singing. Teachers are comfortable letting theory be taught later, if ever. Even the dilemma of what programming language to teach is analogous to what instrument a kid will choose. In my view a reason to teach sorting is simply that it provides a set of relatively simple cases for studying things like execution speed and storage requirements. According to legend, this was done at Wayne State University in Detroit. As a bike commuter, I look at those areas marked in green as places where I can escape to if I get cut off, or where I can let a car overtake me. In fact, the narrowing of roadways due to piled up snow is one of the main dangers of winter cycling. I've committed plenty of indentation bugs in Python. But I've also committed bugs due to putting something on the wrong side of a closing brace. Thanks for the comment. I agree that tools go obsolete quickly. But it occurs to me that debugging is both a set of tools but also a knack. I'm curious what you think about how to teach the knack. If every professor feels compelled to thwart the admissions policies by failing an inordinate number of students, either the university should re-think its admissions policies, or the professors should find other work. I taught a college pre-calc course for a short time. We had "show your work" exams, so I got to see how students solved problems. I think that many of them had been taught "test taking skills" in high school, including a method of finding answers to math problems by guess-and-try or process of elimination. Basically, their teachers had hacked the standardized testing process. (Probably including the AP exam). Honestly, college math wasn't much better. Rather than confronting them with critical thought, we simply replaced the old hack with a new one: 1. Recognize the "form" of the problem, corresponding to a section in the textbook. 2. Plug the parameters of the problem into an equation solvable by the method of that section. 3. Apply the method and write the answer. When I realized this, I told my students about it. There was a chapter on maxima and minima. But the only function they had learned was the quadratic, so all optimization problems boiled down to arranging things into a quadratic. The text had them graphing each quadratic. I decided it would be more interesting for the kids to see how we make our own formulas, so we derived one for the optimum of a quadratic function, and memorized it. Now is this math or not? Well, I think there's a place in math that involves classifying the forms of expressions and equations, sort of like taxonomy in biology. But it shouldn't be the only thing. "If your experiment needs statistics, you ought to have done a better experiment." -- Ernest Rutherford I've published apps that were simpler than "Hello World" for iOS, if this is any indication: http://www.appcoda.com/hello-world-app-using-xcode-5-xib/ For my casual use, Python has been fast enough that I can be pretty carefree about how I program. But I had one shocking experience when I ported a program with a fair amount of math over to a Raspberry Pi, and it practically ground to a halt. That was a disappointment. It won't drive me away from Python, but it means I've got some learning to do on how to better optimize Python code. NumPy didn't help much on the Raspberry Pi, though I admit that I could probably learn more about how to use it effectively. The routine has a weird bunch of branching inside the inner loop, so I can't just let NumPy whale away at an array unless I come up with a bright idea. I ended up putting my numerical routine in a C program. Nice and snappy. Perhaps the digital stadiometer eliminates service calls simply by giving a stable reading that you can write down whether it's accurate or not. This is a psychological advantage of digital readouts, but one that is not lost on the makers of measurement instruments. I've got a physical product that I make at home. Like most tiny home businesses, I don't figure the cost of my own labor, so my margin picture will look different than a traditional business. Perhaps a better indicator for me is that the PayPal fee is about 1/6 of my material costs. I'd like it to be lower, but on the other hand, a few additional sales due to confidence in PayPal probably makes it an overall gain for me. In my view, a reasonable working hypothesis is that compensation and work environment are proportional to one another. My rationale is that they both stem from the same management attitudes and presence or absence of leadership skills required for managers to stick up for their employees. I find, if I can't explain the nitty gritty details, I can still talk about why the work is interesting to myself and to other people, what it's like to work on it, and why it's fun! Is it necessarily a dichotomy? I gain energy from both: 1. Getting into "the zone" and coding for hours 2. Hanging out with a bunch of friends, playing jazz, chatting with members of the audience, etc. I'd be interested. I've got a small home business making an electronic widget, plus my day job is at a company that uses fairly elaborate PCBA's within industrial products. I can give the perspective of an extremely small shop. I lay out my printed circuit design, order the boards from a fab, buy all of the parts myself, assemble, test, ship. I'm extremely lucky to have a good understanding of every step, so that when I'm entering my PCB design, I'm thinking ahead about everything from soldering to the mechanical integrity of the board in its enclosure. That's a lot of experience that we don't all possess, plus I deliberately limit myself to technologies that are within my wheelhouse, e.g., manual soldering. Fine pitch digital, or ball grid arrays, would force me to grow up and start paying for assembly, whereupon... Getting boards made in moderate volume: Death by a thousand cuts describes it nicely. In my view the thousand cuts fall into two categories: First, the minor or major omissions and shortages that cause delays, force you to eat a bunch of scrap, or spending nights and weekends re-working boards by hand to meet your launch date. Imagine programming, but with a "compiler" that takes 12 weeks and you pay for every byte of code that you receive. Second, the number of board houses -- both domestic and overseas -- that will bid on jobs without sufficient skill, capacity, etc. Oh, the stories. Remember "for lack of a nail, a shoe was lost..." That's what I see at my day job. Things have improved as we've gotten more disciplined about reviewing designs, but again, it's based on experience gained over time. Having somebody who can provide that level of experience would seem to be a boon to the small to mid sized project. I'm a string player. You can get practice mutes for string instruments, and somewhat analogous to back pressure, they change how the instrument responds to the bow. The result is that you can practice some things (left hand technique, repertoire) but not others. For myself, I'm practicing for pleasure and not to advance professionally. Muting my instrument would spoil it. Fortunately I've got a tolerant family and a detached house. Too different. Actually, another instrument that I play is electric bass, and I simply practice it unplugged. Though I have no interest in owning bitcoins, I agree with this. On with the experiment! Drone helicopters. Excel. I can live without all of the rest. It's not only a great tool for my own use, but it's widespread enough to be a de facto standard. Do I pay when I receive one of these text messages? Thanks. That's just what I was wondering. It influences my attitude about receiving bulk messages. I think that I pay less for e-mail, and it has better spam filtering, so that would be my preference. Agreed, but I'd add that the transition period coincided with the switch to water based flux processes, and the headlong rush to China. All of those things involved their own sets of birthing pains. Kind of like "student" athletes, with presumably the same outcomes? In a big city like NYC, taxis are part of an overall transportation system. Regulating them ensures that they are available where and when they are expected to be. People plan their activities around the functioning of that system. Naturally, a different system might work better or worse. A worse outcome would be more people taking their own cars into the city because they need or want quick access to a vehicle. Regulating the number of cabs probably helps deal with traffic congestion, and also makes it potentially possible for drivers to earn a living wage. However, I can see where on-call cars are a different situation because they would serve a different purpose. Note in response to responses: Admittedly my experience is limited to a few times that I've been in the more busy areas of Chicago and NYC. I'm certainly open to the idea of coming up with something better, and if an unregulated alternative works, bring it on! Ask HN: I run a tiny home business making widgets. My web page, including order form, is pure HTML. From what I can tell (looking at page source for the Watsi example), at the very least in order to use Stripe, I have to add some JavaScript to my web page, and of course test it. Granted, that shouldn't be a big problem for a skilled web developer, but I'm not one. Am I understanding it right? In my view, nothing is more debilitating than trying to use PowerPoint for equations. I end up with severe eyestrain headaches and neck fatigue after an hour or so. For this reason I've given up on typeset equation altogether. I attend occasional academic talks at the nearby university, and am seeing a growing trend towards simply pasting equations into PowerPoint in whatever their original format, such as MatLab or some programming language. But I work in a business setting right now, and I've learned that equations in a presentation are taboo. A lot of non technical people assume if they see an equation, that the work is incomplete, otherwise you'd give an answer instead of an equation. >>> The worst thing you could do is have a denominator in your price-to-earnings ratio that's greater than zero, because then your ratio would be positive, assuming your stock hasn't gone to zero yet. I've always wondered why folks don't use earnings-to-price ratio instead, which goes smoothly through zero instead of behaving, well, hyperbolically. Coming from a long history of languages like BASIC and Pascal, I will bookmark this tutorial. It seems to open up a lot of interesting Python features that were, quite frankly, not always easy to understand when described in plain text, but now seem pretty simple when presented as examples. I'll also think about the "collection of simple examples" next time I want to document something. In my view, the idea of escalating the amount of work has a pitfall, which is this: The manager isn't really looking for 100% perfect code. He or she is looking for someone who promises 100% perfect code, and can thus be blamed when a bug crops up. If you don't fulfill this function, she'll find someone else who will. The boss wants to play the game of demanding unrealistic promises. I hope so. It reminds me of something that I read once: That all self-help methods work, mainly because they encourage us to monitor our own behavior. Buying a Toyota Scion a few years ago was great. They had fixed pricing and the options were all dealer-installed onto one of two base models containing either stick or automatic transmission. I told him I'd take one with no options, and he handed me the keys. The whole process took me roughly an hour. I suspect that fixed pricing is the appropriate pattern for the low end. Dickering over a few bucks just annoys the customer, and isn't worth the salesman's time. Plus, the dealer-installed options schtick allowed the dealer to maintain a very small inventory. From what I've read, there's no GPS in the satellite ping data, but apparently some rough estimate can be made from signal strengths. I have a personal rule to date-time stamp all data collected from experiments. I'd add GPS if my experiments weren't all stationary. The extra bit of meta-data is a lifesaver if I do something dumb and have to reconstruct what I was doing when I collected the data, for instance correlating the data with my notes or other information that I gather. The imminent demise of shopping malls has been a feature of every recession that I can remember, and I'm old enough to have lost count. The common thread: Transit. On a brief but pleasant trip to Switzerland, I got around using their wonderful transit system. Every transit station was also a commercial hub. Big stations had big shops like supermarkets and department stores. Little stations had little shops like bakeries and banks. Any restructuring of retail shopping in the US would have to include thinking about how entire districts are laid out. It takes one person -- the owner -- to restructure a mall, but considerably more cooperation and time to restructure neighborhoods. >>> By conducting well-structured, regular performance and compensation reviews, you will ensure that pay and stock increases are as fair as possible. Simply installing formal processes won't solve the problem if it's widely known that those processes have to be bypassed in order to get anywhere. It doesn't take long to figure out that all real career advancement activity occurs out-of-cycle. Not necessarily owning a house, but a person at least needs to live in a neighborhood with good schools, which tends to mean paying more for housing. >>> This other candidate is like me. 'Nuff said. >>> No responsibilities except {COMPANY NAME}. That makes life less complicated. Based on this - nothing to do with skills - it's best that him and I work together. Skills include management skills such as working with people who are not all alike. You dodged a bullet. What do wages say about the relative productivity of people with and without kids? So far as I know people with kids tend to earn more. I once read about a study, finding that among unskilled single women in a neighborhood in Chicago, those with kids tended to have higher wage jobs. Some anecdata: I had a very comfortable engineering job when my first kid was born, but it was pretty much dead-end in terms of salary. I re-evaluated my career, and applied for a higher paying job that is widely regarded as being difficult, boring, political, and stressful. All of the applicants, and from what I can tell, virtually all of the people who hold those crappy but higher paying jobs, have kids. I asked a bachelor why he didn't apply for the job, and he said: "Are you kidding me, I want to enjoy my evenings and weekends, and I have no reason to make more money." I looked into this because I design optics. Too bad I can't use graphics oriented ray tracing to analyze designs! I'm guessing the PR value is magnified by the unusual brand recognition of SparkFun -- one of those brands that folks admire, even if they've never bought anything from them. An interesting, and perhaps time saving option would be an "endorse entire thread" or "endorse entire sub thread" button, for threads that are interesting but really so tame that the likelihood of bad posts is small. Also, it would be interesting to know what problem this solves, and how you will know if it works. Speaking as a musician, it will cost you a bit of money up front, but finding a top notch teacher and taking a few lessons might be a great way to kick off the new phase of your life. Of course I'm saying this while having procrastinated on doing the same for myself. Find a teacher who could provide you with a frank assessment of your technique, and identify gaps in your abilities that might hold you back from fully engaging in your local music scene at a desirable level. Also, a check-up on your technique might be a good idea in order to avoid injuring yourself once you do start in with those 5 hours a day. Naturally some instruments are more physically demanding than others, but any instrument can hurt you if you don't consider ergonomic technique. My side project is a simple and fairly specialized electronic gadget. I don't pay myself a wage. I spent maybe a few months of sporadic evenings, and a few hundred dollars, to design and produce a half dozen prototypes that I gave away. My only hope had been to not lose my shirt. People who received those prototypes wrote favorable reviews on web forums -- a boon that I actually hadn't anticipated. A possible milestone for break-even was when I was able to use the same PayPal account for booking sales and for all of my business expenses. That took roughly another few months, so maybe nine months all told. My biggest cost is my time, even if I don't hang a number on it, because I've got a finite amount of it. I try to keep a running estimate of dollars profit per hour of work. To expand the business at this point, I have to let some older models slide into oblivion, and come up with something that can attract a higher price. Good cop bad cop? Physical and psychological abuse are morally equivalent. I'm a pretty intensive electronics enthusiast. I checked out his site, and skimmed some of the materials. My impression is that he deliberately designed a fairly mundane circuit using commonplace parts, to show that an esoteric design is unnecessary. So it's a "political" design, if you will. The impressive thing is that his documentation of design decisions and techniques is pretty exhaustive. I've definitely bookmarked it for a closer read. In my view it's reasonable to interpret "self made" as meaning that a person made money within a society that provides an elaborate economic infrastructure. I don't know what it's like in France, but here in the states, we have things like a stable currency, public support of education and research, and limitation of liability for shareholders of corporations. And of course if inheritance is involved, then the "self" is a family and not an individual. What it's hard for people to understand is that both "stealing" and "making" are simplistic ideals, and that reality is much more complex for most of us. Yes, definitely. Thanks. It would be interesting to know how _personal_ taxes work in European countries. I remember conversing with somebody, maybe from England, who told me that the typical worker doesn't file any paperwork for their annual taxes, unless they're doing something unusual. If that's the case, then filing business taxes for the first time would come as somewhat of a shock. In contrast, my personal tax return here in the US is about 10x more complex than my business tax paperwork (Schedule C plus a state sales tax return). I'd be interested in knowing if the older workers who avoid crazy hours are the same ones who avoided crazy hours when they were younger. Very nice idea. Of course one can think of more sophisticated modem signal protocols, but keeping it simple is potentially beneficial for those folks (including me) who might want to implement the slave using a low-end microcontroller. Something that could use the UART built into most MCU chips would be a nice thing. I agree and disagree. I agree that there's something out of kilter here: Items 2 and 3 are possible breaches of the employee's non disclosure agreement with Google. And "poaching" is the widely used term for this kind of activity. On the other hand I see nothing fundamentally wrong with getting a job and a salary bump without an interview, based on a personal recommendation, if it's information that can be freely disclosed. I got my first job out of school with only a cursory interview. Just a note that X percent of the population is colorblind. I'm not, but I have a couple of colleagues who are, and I've made graphics that are unreadable for them. 'Culture fit' could be a vicious circle: The more mono-cultural your team becomes, the harder it gets to hire the most talented people. And if everybody just happens to be looking for the same 'culture,' companies that have fallen into that trap end up with higher recruiting and wage costs. As someone who does know what Hypercard is, I'd like to see the same thing, and also, a glimpse at what the code looks like. When I was a manager, I had a stack of job descriptions for different "levels" of engineers as I prepared a case for promoting a couple of my people. To generalize from what I saw: The formal levels are based on things like autonomy, authority, and interaction. A senior engineer is expected to do things like choosing best practices rather than simply following them. Making presentations to non-engineers, including customers. And so forth. Granted, making out this rule in an actual workforce might be a challenge, because job titles are affected by a number of practical factors such as the lack of other options for retaining people. A business can become top-heavy with senior titles, but people will seldom be demoted to reflect disparities between their job descriptions and their work. A hot candidate will be hired into a senior level, to put them into a more favorable salary range. At times in my career, I've hesitated to do exactly this due to fear of being replaceable. Yet every time I've given up a cool responsibility, I've been rewarded with something even cooler. So I've learned to never fear making myself obsolete. This is probably going to sound really dumb, but I have utterly no formal computer science background. Lambda calculus in the languages where I have seen it (Scheme and Python) simply seems like a way to express a function as a one-liner. Surely, I'm missing something important, but I can't figure out what. Interesting point. My concern about item #3 is that we're maximizing personal productivity because the company is still mainly rewarding personal productivity. I work at a company where only one person in each group can get an above-miserable raise every year. I'll admit to having a similar strategy for mechanical drawings. I once discovered by accident that if I drew a pencil sketch, the machinist would understand that I wasn't asking for super precision, and I'd get a satisfactory part quickly. Or they would call me and ask: "Can I make it this way instead" or even "what are you really trying to do?" Are any of them scriptable to the point where we could add our own desired functionality? Python preferred for me, but I'd learn another language if the app was compelling. Granted, the video was funny because it rang true. I've also been in meetings where the expert was wrong. Still, I suspect it's not just engineers. The same thing can happen to any expert in a subject where things can be true or false. For instance, it could be a legal or financial expert being asked to approve something that's illegal. Perhaps a related question: How should it be defined in a math library for a programming language? Should it return 1, or throw an exception? Forgive me, but I'm reaching back into my recollection of this subject from when I was a physics student. The presence or absence of true randomness has to be turned into a testable hypothesis, or it's not a scientific question. I think the point of the experiment as described is to find such a test, where randomness, or its absence, produce different outcomes. Whether it achieves that goal is for people smarter than me to figure out. My side-business gives me similar satisfaction: Making things. Quite possibly, just don't count debt. Or give wealth as two numbers: The positive part and the negative part. My rationale is that debt is primarily handed out to people who are expected to pay it off someday. Dukane Seacom... is that the same company that made the filmstrip projectors that we dreaded so much in elementary school? Maybe that's where they got the idea for the beep from. Sure enough, same company! I'd like to see such a statistic broken down between athletic versus utilitarian cycling (or choose whatever terms are appropriate). Is racing more dangerous than commuting, or vice versa? Ask HN: Is there an explanation somewhere of this "certification" that a layperson (college math and physics major, and self taught programmer) could understand? I appreciate the economic justification for limited liability. Still, I consider it to be the mother of all entitlements. In my locale, at least along my commute, the bike and car lanes merge at each major intersection. Maybe avoiding these accidents is the reason. I think there are other examples of this, such as price-to-earnings ratio, and focal length of lenses. In those cases, since a denominator can go through zero, the ratio goes through a big discontinuity. And I've seen p/e ratios reported as "n/a" when they should really be represented by a big negative number. I was thinking of a technical definition of "entitlement" as a right granted by the government, not necessarily as a give-away to anybody. When they're old enough to play music. ;-) I'm no psychologist, just a parent of two curious kids. I think a lot of things come together at around the age when kids are reading, and beginning to write. Another question I'd think about is: When is a child too old? Those years around 6 to 12 (give or take) are a beautiful time because kids are curious and active, but they haven't yet fully internalized all of gender roles and rules about who can be interested in what. Also, they are still at least a few years away from that terrible age when things like GPA and job skills matter, so they are free to explore interesting subjects for fun and not according to any particular set of rules. High school BASIC course in 1981. Professionally? Never. Programming has always been a hobby, or a tool for the pursuit of other things. It may be that for some younger kids, the idea of the computer "doing" something seems more meaningful if the computer is doing something physical. I think it's OK to be proud of your abilities. The products will come along in time, you will build them, folks will enjoy them, you'll make some money, and then you'll also learn to be glad when they're obsolete and you've moved on to the next thing. A lot of what I did, as a high school kid in 1981, was to make mistakes and then figure out how to make good of it. What happened to me is that I kinda sat out the explosion of computer science, while studying other things that I was interested in, such as math and physics. While I'm a good "lone wolf" programmer, I know none of the skills or techniques that would allow me to function in a production software development environment. I'm dependent on a real programming team for that kind of work. That's a serious issue. I play a stringed instrument, and purchased a "professional" model a few years ago. Among the instruments that I was trying out, some of the physical differences were sufficient that there would have been little expectation of identical sound, so the game was to discover the differences and then make a choice. There were instruments that I rejected within seconds, but others that took me upwards of 1/2 hour to figure out how to adapt my playing to the characteristics of the instrument. There were issues that might have been unnoticeable to an audience member, but that would have affected my ability to play with good technique over the duration of a performance. Some of the instruments, including the one I ended up buying, changed my opinion of how I wanted to develop my tone and playing style. Granted, I was always faced with a slight doubt about whether any of it was real, but without any good way of settling that issue. Also, a virtuoso might have been able to make all of the instruments sound the same with much less effort. Oh, and don't get me started about bows. Indeed, one of the challenges of comparing audio systems is that -- rule of thumb -- louder sounds better. To have any hope of exposing effects other than overall loudness, systems under test have to be matched for gain. Do you think a graphing calculator is worth bothering with at all? I'm too old to have used one in school. The cynical side of me thinks that they only exist because they have a captive audience of school kids who are required to buy them. I don't know the exact breakdown of numbers, but it's increasingly common for a Strad to be owned by a benefactor and loaned to the musician. I don't know of any other artifact that straddles such extremes of being a treasure but also a work horse. Even the owners of lesser instruments have to deal with the implications of taking a valuable and delicate instrument out of the house to play in a saloon. For this reason, tweaking a Strad is unlikely to be done casually. Re-stringing? Sure, at the very least E strings, which break all the time. But a set of fiddle strings is damned expensive, and takes time to break in so they don't sound too harsh, so re-stringing has to be coordinated with one's performance schedule. Online, one can find a list of every known Strad, its history of owners, etc. Interestingly enough, a couple of them are listed as missing or stolen. A long time ago, a friend of mine had a computer made by Atari with a GUI shell of some sort. When an error message popped up, the button you had to click said: Sorry. I was pretty indignant about having to apologize to a machine. The difference in noise is readily measurable. I've done op amp based design for commercial products, including an audio product for my side business. (n.b., it's not targeted at the "audiophile" market). I've measured the noise of dozens of op amp types for a specialized application. Impressively, the measured noise performance typically doesn't stray very far from datasheet values. You can measure it with a few dollars worth of parts, and the audio input of your PC. Now, it's not a slam dunk that every application should use the quietest chip. Noise trades against some other factors such as current consumption. And of course from an engineering standpoint, cost matters too. I think this is a nice solution because it takes care of the hardware side of things by making use of a garden variety video camera. In my view, to a considerable extent, the work environment created by following Welch's management methods, turned each of us into a dog-eat-dog one-person-band even within the mainstream organization. Because he wrote a self congratulatory book that gratified its audience? Maybe it's like patent law, where a claim has to be a single sentence, no matter how un-readable. I'll bet that the half of doctors who want out of the profession, are the ones who are exploited by the other half. Naturally the profession wants us to see doctors as selfless workers saving our lives, not as rentiers who are ruining us. Should I be looking for Planck's constant in the equations of thermodynamics? A useful rule: "What the eye doesn't see, the chef gets away with." -- from Fawlty Towers Not knowing what things cost is one of the reasons why we pay so much. I don't care to know the cost myself, but _nobody_ can figure out the cost structure of our system. I think the system is "designed" to be opaque. They have some industrial uses, for instance in optics. Polywater... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polywater Coke and bottled drinks in general, if consumed at the rate they are produced, is toxic. I doubt that I would have survived an online education, though I can't say for sure. I know someone who got most of an undergrad degree online, in a substantive field, by necessity -- she was a teenage mom working a job and caring for an infant in a rural town. Her mom told me the hardest things about online college for her daughter were the loneliness and crushing boredom. It's great that she had that opportunity. I'm glad she's tougher and more focused then I'll ever be. The atmosphere at a small college is where I was able to keep up with my coursework. It got me out of my hometown. I got over my crippling shyness, and learned to interact with people in a civilized way. Graded assignments "forced" me to do the work. In my view one thing we still don't know about online education is how many people can actually get through it. We also still don't genearlly know what an "educated person" will consist of, who sat in their parents basement for 4 years staring at a computer screen. Not at all. I was just identifying "educated person" as a term in potential need of a definition. Thanks! This is a good point. I've been involved in IP, as an inventor, and also dealing with freedom-to-operate issues, though I'm not a lawyer. The advice that I've gotten from lawyers is that the holy grail is a single piece of prior art reading on every element of the primary claim (or of the claim that is getting in your way). Obviousness and the other criteria are much harder to argue. A patent holder only needs to make your life miserable in one country. At one place where I worked, we used to patent in: 1. USA 2. The main competitor's home country What are the problems with FTDI? I don't do high speed data collection per se, and wouldn't know how to do it on a desktop platform even if the issue of synchronizing the ports were licked. So I shove real time functions to an outboard micro that does run in real time. FTDI has been the best thing since sliced bread for me. It has proven to be remarkably robust and portable in my use. >>> I note that more than a few chip companies have created USB-to-serial bridges (with accompanying drivers). This is a sure sign of USB's technical failure. Which isn't to say that USB won't thrive. Here's my thought about those chips. I do a lot of simple prototyping, testing, data acquisition, and so forth. To these ends, I often build my own little gadgets that combine some sort of microcontroller with some analog electronics, etc. I wouldn't be insulted if you called me a hobbyist. Still, the stuff that I make works, and solves problems. There are "USB microcontrollers" that contain a built-in USB port. Then you have to wade through each manufacturer's peculiar documentation, and hope that their demo code does what you need, or prepare to roll your own on both the embedded and desktop sides. Or, you hook up a USB-to-serial bridge. There's nothing magic about serial, except that it only robs you of two pins, and setting it up is 100x easier. Also, the bridge chip runs independently, making it 100x easier to write real time code on the microcontroller. If I went to any other kind of interface, I'd use the same approach of a "bridge" module plus a microcontroller. There are such modules for virtually every conceivable interface. I've had the pleasure of watching my gadgets work on multiple platforms with no extra effort on my part. I think a platform needs to have at least one "people's port" and the FTDI chip meets that need nicely. I suspect elder / disabled care may be an issue for minorities too, of both sexes, if they come from economically disadvantaged backgrounds. Yes, except that tuning out and working during a meeting was her first hour of un-interrupted zone time all month. Been there. Use of non-equal temperaments on keyboard instruments is rare but not unheard of. The unique sound of each key can be exploited. As I understand it, there is a school of thought that each piece in Bach's "Well Tempered Klavier" was written for the sound of that key in a keyboard instrument tuned using the well temperament. In addition to being tempered, the entire scale of a piano from bottom to top is "stretched" slightly by a mainstream technician. Also as I understand it, harpsichords tend to use historical tuning methods. One possible reason is that the musician had to tun the instrument quite frequently, as opposed to the much more mechanically stable piano. Students who study string instruments (as I did) are taught that intonation is somewhat malleable for expressive purposes. The strings are tuned in beat-free intervals to maximize resonance when playing in particular keys. And wind instruments are all over the place, with ongoing efforts to improve their intonation. Nice web page. What is it? I have played with this question in the past, and never found a better "formula" than a search along the following lines: For each n, find the closest interval to a perfect fifth (3/2 ratio), and write down the error in octaves. Graph error as a function of n, and you will see certain values of n with low error. On the same graph, do the 4/3 ratio, and so forth, for a small handful of small-numbered ratios. Somehow 19 springs to mind as having reasonably consonant intervals, but I don't remember for sure. 12 is the smallest, and is also an auspicious number in ancient cultures. I love Google unit conversion. Just enter "100 psi to pascals" as a search phrase and you get an answer. Based on this, it's possible to note some typical things converted into Pascals: Bike tire pressure 100 psi = 690 kPa Tensile strength of 6061 aluminum (the most common alloy) = 45000 psi = 310 MPa Downvotes noted. Apologies. I went to a suburban high school in southeast Michigan. My high school had three tracks: College Prep, Business, and Vocational. Electronics was one of the Vocational subjects. They also taught "programming" to the Business students, though I have no idea at what level. I assume that these programs had been in place for many years before my time. I was in the College Prep track, so those other courses were pretty much off limits for me. Nonetheless I got permission to sign up for Electronics. I discovered that the course was mainly going to revolve around TV repair, and the teacher even told me that I'd be bored. So I dropped it and learned that one of the math teachers had started a course in BASIC! It's not an understatement that the course changed my life. I have a harder time reciting the alphabet backwards than forwards. My town has an appliance disposal fee, though I don't know if it's at the level of the true cost. I actually think of it when I'm considering the cost of replacing something. Anecdote: Just over a decade ago I moved into a house that was empty of appliances thanks to an all too successful estate sale. Literally every single appliance has broken since then, some more than once. I'm lucky that my parents taught me to fix things. But I remember watching my dad fix appliances, meaning that they weren't 100% reliable back then either. And one thing that might bias my "statistics" is that there are a lot more appliances nowadays. Things that were only barely coming into prevalence while I was growing up: Microwave, home computer, electric toothbrush (yes, I've repaired one), air conditioner (rare in my hometown), various garden implements, etc. Things that don't even need to be an appliance, but are now electric, break. The appliance disposal fee in my locale has prompted the scrap yards to charge a fee, albeit slightly lower than the city fee. ;-( I think there's some truth to this. It's not just miniaturization, but sometimes components are now so tightly integrated and specialized that failure of one part causes a lot of collateral damage. At least for "major" appliances, I tend to choose based on my best guess of serviceability. I avoid models that have too much electronics, not because I expect those parts to break, but because the complexity might frustrate diagnosis in the future. There's a lot of repair information online. People enjoy blogging about their successful repairs. But judging from comments on web forums, I'm guessing that a lot of people doing these repairs are landlords. If you buy 15 dryers, and they all break on the same day for the same reason, you'll have a pretty strong incentive to figure out how to fix them. There's some debate of this exact issue among musicians who play amplified instruments, as I do. There are now tiny little amplifiers, but if you open them up, it's apparent that diagnosis of the circuits (switch mode power supplies and amplifiers) would be daunting, even for a pretty serious electronics enthusiast. There are players who will avoid these products for this reason. I've decided in that case that I will take the risk of having to replace a module or an entire unit in the future, because the portability is actually a benefit. The hardware was interesting too. It bit-banged the video display circuit, leaving only the re-trace interval for general purpose computation, including running BASIC programs. Yet the result was an extremely simple and inexpensive design. Every early microcomputer had to come up with a solution to the video display problem. As I understand it, the Apple II had a bus architecture that interleaved the clock timing of the video circuit and the CPU, sharing a single bus. The Commodore computers had custom video graphics chips. And so forth. I sold a shareware title in the mid 90's. My distribution model was pretty darn simple: There was a place somewhere in Indiana with a printed catalog of shareware titles. I sent them a disk, and they added me to their catalog. I decided not to charge for updates, as I figured that I was lucky enough to get any money at all. That sounds like a lot better idea than my tin snips and leather gloves. I'll try it next time. I wonder how this affects the writing of songs. “It’s not enough to have one hook anymore,” Jay Brown, the president of Roc Nation, and Dean’s manager, told me recently. “You’ve got to have a hook in the intro, a hook in the pre-chorus, a hook in the chorus, and a hook in the bridge.” The reason, he explained, is that “people on average give a song seven seconds on the radio before they change the channel, and you got to hook them.” http://www.newyorker.com/reporting/2012/03/26/120326fa_fact_... Speaking only for myself, I'm a jazz lover and musician, but yet I enjoy a good pop tune when hear it. But I don't listen to anything enough to get sick of it. Going a bit further... I wonder if anybody has thought of using the skip rate as a way of A/B testing pop songs, for instance similar arrangements of the same song. Long ago, I taught a college math course for a semester. My office mate was teaching differential equations. I asked him if he taught any engineering applications of multivariate differential equations, and he confidently assured me that there were none. Oops, I meant multivariate calculus. But he really was that far out of touch. Not to be too tough on him, he was a grad student teaching assistant with a pure math background. Thanks! Being just a worker bee, I rarely get involved in serious negotiations, but have learned to deal with people for whom everything is a negotiation. The rules of "never make the first offer" and "shut up" have both served me well. Negotiators instinctively exploit the awkwardness of silence. "Lesser artists borrow, great artists steal." -- Stravinsky Well, I've got nothing close to a 600 page book, but I offer a number of smaller documents at the website for my side business, plus some software and other design tools. If I have any ulterior motive, it's that those materials give me some technical credibility and maybe generate a bit of goodwill. Has it helped? Over the years, it's gotten me a little bit of "buzz" on web forums, and has attracted a couple of people who wanted me to do custom work for them. Also, in a manner akin to OSS, a couple people have been kind enough to report mistakes in my documents. That sounds reasonable. For a camera sensor, the noise budget is made up of four primary terms: 1. So called "fixed pattern noise," i.e., a pixel by pixel pattern in the measured value that isn't reduced by averaging. This pattern would be a "fingerprint" of the camera, probably long term if not forever. You can make a well averaged measurement of the fixed pattern (somewhat temperature dependent) and subtract it from subsequent exposures. 2. Thermal noise of the amplifier that converts charge into a signal that can be read by the analog-to-digital converter. This is referred to as "readout noise." 3. Shot noise in "good" photocurrent, i.e., photons from the scene being converted into charge. This becomes dominant at higher light levels, as it's proportional to the square root of photocurrent. 4. Shot noise in "bad" photocurrent, i.e., a constant leakage current in the light sensitive elements, whose magnitude is temperature dependent. I bought an Android 3.x tablet in rapt anticipation of using the Android Python interpreter, but what killed me was a lack of packages that I could easily deploy and use, most notably Tkinter. As a novice to this kind of programming, I enjoyed looking at the code. Thanks! I wonder if there are differing schools of thought as to what are the fundamental programming concepts. Is it more fundamental to expose students to, or isolate them from, the innards of the computer, when they are first learning to program? Short of settling that issue, the next best thing might be to expose students to at least a couple of different approaches. Python and C would be my choices. I'd teach C on a microcontroller target. Some isolation is necessary. I doubt that I could completely explain how either print or printf turns the pixels on and off on the display. I got a PhD in physics, in 1993. Everything written in Katz's article was widely known to grad students when I was in school. Through a bit of planning and probably a lot of luck, I went to industry after finishing my degree. (Friend of a friend owned a tech business). One "fact" that is apparent by omission in Katz's article rings true today as well: The complete lack of any consideration of industry employment by a physics professor advising grad students. When I told my advisor that I was likely headed towards industry, he gave me his best wishes, but admitted that he had nothing to offer me in the way of guidance towards such a career. There's an amusing aspect of Von Munchausen By Proxy Syndrome in a PhD thesis: You cause the problems that you subsequently solve. I chose a problem, and steered it in a direction that required solution via extensive work in electronics and programming, which then became the basis of my resume. The irony is that those of us who swore up and down that we were in it for the love of science and not money, are now the ones who you must compete with in the job market. As an aside, I observed that a lot of people went into fields like physics to escape the eventuality of confronting the job market, and may not have been any better off in a supposedly more lucrative field. Thanks. I realize that my analogy was a stretch, but I didn't realize it was that much of a stretch. ;) In general, the model doesn't include risk. >>> These locusts were AOL users. In September of 1993, the company granted Usenet access to their entire user base, which triggered an unending deluge of noobs into the Usenet community. Amusingly, I joined AOL in September of 1993. It was not long after I graduated and lost my university log-in, along with the e-mail address that came with it. I chose AOL for a simple reason: I could dial up anywhere in the country and keep the same e-mail address no matter where I lived. AOL also greatly simplified the process of using the Internet. I ran a small business via my AOL address. Each update to AOL software came via some promotion or other -- an insert in a magazine, or even a pile of AOL disks at the supermarket. At some point it became possible for an AOL user to access the Internet without the AOL software, e.g., by using mainstream e-mail and browser software. >>> One of the most dangerous things I’ve seen happen to people who are just starting to code is being told that it’s easy. I've encouraged my kids to learn programming. The one thing I haven't done is tell them it's easy. Anyway, they've seen me in bug hell, so they're under no illusions. But they're no strangers to learning hard things. >>> And they don’t let you in on a big secret: that there is no mastery, there is no final level. The anxiety of feeling lost and stupid is not something you learn to conquer, but something you learn to live with. Yes! Bring it on! Bright kids spend their entire school day at the final level -- 99th percentile on every possible measure. Those kids would benefit from an extracurricular activity with no final level (traditionally, "classical" music) that they can pursue at their own pace. >>> They don’t tell you that a lot of programming skill is about developing a knack for asking the right questions on Google and knowing which code is best to copy-paste. In my view, that's a general skill in its own right, worthy of learning. I fixed my refrigerator and clothes dryer that way. I rarely tackle any technical task without first seeing if somebody has blogged a tutorial. And I grew up fixing things before the Internet age. But I'd start kids on coding without the Google Everything approach. >>> [the anxiety / boredom graph] I enjoyed that. It does seem to ring true. Thickness makes sense due to the same phenomenon as Newton's rings. In my view, reducing poverty and improving teacher training are probably the best tools we have for improving education. Monitoring behavior seems like a gratuitously technological solution. As for policing, kids take a quiz or exam on the material at some point. Maybe that's enough. It provides a way to know if kids learned the stuff, while providing reasonable flexibility for kids to come up with their own ways of learning it. And at least for younger kids, what I've observed is that the school already has a way of policing their behavior at home, simply by assigning a sheer quantity of homework that commands every waking hour. In my (granted, subjective) view there are plenty of worthwhile activities that proceed largely without data, such as music and literature. So I wouldn't personally dismiss philosophy solely on that ground. This would be the case if you were a musician performing a concert for pay, so I wouldn't be surprised if it applied to writing code as well. This isn't intended to be obstreperous, but I'm genuinely curious: How many Python developers are in a position to really care about 2 vs 3? The people I know who use Python, including myself, range from utter beginners to experienced programmers, but are using a relatively small subset of the available libraries, and are just using whichever version we started with. I could translate my code to version 3 in a heartbeat, but have no particular reason to do so. I've translated some of my most important stuff from BASIC to Python after all. Professional developers will do whatever is right for their projects. My concern would be for the folks who develop and maintain the libraries -- for whose generosity I'm grateful. If there were some sort of consensus on the direction of Python, I'd hop on the bus just to make life easier for those developers. Their time would be better spent adding useful features or just combing the code for bugs, than coping with multiple Python versions. Could a single Python interpreter somehow manage a mixture of 2 and 3 code? In my view, there's no hierarchy of disciplines such that any discipline (including marketing) is assured of being "closer" than any other to understanding the potential customer, the social impact of the product, etc. I'm not a computer scientist, but I think that spreadsheets were possibly ahead of their time in a couple ways: 1. They let novices build fairly effective user interfaces, just by entering headers for rows and columns. 2. If I understand what "data flow" programming is (based on using LabVIEW), then the formula cells in spreadsheets are such a thing. Each formula is recomputed whenever its inputs change. That creates an incredibly quick testing cycles. Displaying intermediate results by necessity creates a built in debugger. In addition, the lack of "complete" programming features, such as loops, may make spreadsheets less forbidding for novices to create and debug. If these things are, as I suspect, compelling enough on their own, then like you say, the rest of the stuff in the latest Excel would just be icing on the cake -- not that I'd give up any of it. I asked a computer scientist colleague what an OS is, and her answer was: Something that lets you write programs independently of the operating environment. For a time sharing or multi-tasking system, that environment could include other programs and users on the same computer. For a mainstream desktop computer, the environment includes the system updating itself, managing network traffic, etc. They could design a new headphone connector that makes all other headphones incompatible. And then patent the idea: Claim 1: Headphone connector means comprising a plurality of means that are incompatible with all other brands of means Next interview: Q: Does this look like a nail? A: Yes Q: And does this look like a nail too? A: Yes You're hired! In my state in the US, a person calling themselves an "engineer" has to be licensed. However, this is only for someone offering engineering services directly to the public. If you do engineering work for an employer, then you enjoy an "industrial exemption." At my workplace, we design stuff, then the design is checked by a third party (such as a regulatory approval outfit), which provides a technical report signed by a licensed engineer. When people start their own side businesses, they call themselves "technology," "research," and so forth. From what I've observed, remarkably few engineers do any engineering, such as determining appropriate strengths of structures, etc. Most product design work seems to be done by trial and error. My feet start to hurt after the second or third hour of consecutive morning stand up meetings. When I was a kid, each subject had its own attractions. The notion of a "right" answer was one of the things that I enjoyed about math. It didn't make me any less inquisitive. I often tried to come up with unorthodox ways of arriving at those answers. Naturally, there's a side of math involving getting an approximate answer that's good enough to be useful. One thing I've noticed as my kids progress through school is that most science being taught is qualitative or descriptive. Adding some quantitative science to the K-12 curriculum would be a way to teach a more fuzzy approach to math. Naturally, science has its own notion of "right" that could be learned through the formation and testing of quantitative hypotheses. There were many courses where I could get an "A" by writing a mountain of drivel that anticipated the teacher's social biases. I was thankful for the boost to my GPA, but the "no right answer" aspects of those subjects frustrated me. Oh well, different strokes. One thing the standardized tests might be doing is to focus too much on memorized algorithms. And it may not be necessary. My son had a teacher in grade school who didn't even teach the standard algorithms for things like two column addition. Instead, the kids spend time trying to come up with their own methods. Yet his students get excellent scores on the state tests. A couple features of start-ups: 1. Many-hat-wearing. People adapt to the jobs that need to get done, and there is little or no supervisory hierarchy. 2. Possibility of exponential growth. I'd say if both of those things vanish, then it's either because the business failed, or stopped being a start-up and is now a mature business. This is a nice description. For me, working at a mega-corp is like living in a city. There are people who take my garbage away and keep the barbarians out. I don't have to do those things, so I can focus on what I enjoy: Developing new technologies, for which I'm rewarded. I've set myself up as a sort of entrepreneur living in this city, where I can take on more speculative projects, but at no risk to my own money. I make damn sure that what I'm taking away is not only money, but also learning, even if it's at some cost to the efficiency of any particular project. And should I ever get into a start-up, I'll benefit from having observed the inner workings of a business from end to end. My kids are now in middle school. The curriculum that they used in K-5 encouraged kids to come up with their own approaches. I'll admit that I was rather shocked, as it seemed quite messy and inefficient, but I discussed it with a neighbor who's a high school calculus teacher. He told me: "Be patient, just you wait, they'll surpass you in math." And he was right! Also, our school kept several sets of the Singapore Math books on hand, and loaned them out to families who wanted to give it a try at home. So I think the "correct answer" is not the problem, because that's just math. The "correct algorithm" is the problem. Or maybe, the algorithm is the answer. Oddly enough, the one course where the algorithm is indeed the answer -- high school geometry -- is the one that most people remember fondly. I have no problem using liquid measuring cups for solids. Just wiggle the cup a bit, and the flour will level itself. My main reason for segregating solids and liquids is to keep the solids from sticking in the cup. Nothing needs to be all that precise except for some kinds of sweets. At the end of the job, there's nothing to clean. My dad, a chemist, insists on weighing the dry ingredients, and I agree in principle, but find volume to be quicker. >>> Is there some delivery mechanism for a liberal arts background that we haven't considered yet? The printing press? I don't mean to be snarky, but it does occur to me that the heyday of the liberal arts education was also a time when traveling to the university was necessary in order to have physical access to the sources of knowledge. Speaking as a parent of kids who are headed towards being college age, you can imagine that I've got mixed thoughts about college education. It's going to be expensive. An outcome is not guaranteed. There are a lot of problems with higher education. On the other hand, there's an anti-college "movement" that itself could just be a fad, or even fueled by a political "wing" that has always relentlessly attacked public education and higher education. The skill area that's often mentioned as accommodating of people with alternative training (Internet programming) may very well be a major bubble right now. Edit: Removed gratuitous snark. So while I'm willing to give lip service to experiments in alternative education for 18-22 year olds, I'll probably hedge my bets and advise my own kids to attend college while offering them a dose of realism about what they're getting into. Oh yeah, the error bars. As a physics teaching assistant in grad school, I was assigned to the freshman lab course, taught by a theoretician. The course was practically dominated by error bars, which were incredibly poorly explained, and taught in an almost doctrinaire way. That, and the equipment was so old and flaky that it produced nonsensical results. The kids emerged from that course, convinced that physics is subjective. They should decide whether they're teaching physics, or teaching experimentalism. The latter is valuable, but if so, it should be taught as such. Just an aside... >>> Like any group of people given a metric they will try to game it. Reminds me of Paul Graham's interview question: Have you ever hacked something that wasn't a computer? This is really sad because I clearly remember all the way back to high school calculus class and again in college that we spent a lot of time with the definition of the derivative, deriving the rules before applying them, and having that whole business be on the test along with the regular plug-and-chug problems. It was at a liberal arts college. Roughly half of the math majors were headed into high school teaching, the other half were double majors with some other STEM discipline. >>> Look attentive in class even if you aren’t paying attention I'd go just a tiny step further. We're at a juncture where we don't exactly know the relative merits of classroom versus online education, but if you happen to be in a classroom, then make the best possible use of it. In addition to networking, the other use of classroom time is observing and emulating the teaching styles of your teachers, on the way to developing your own style. The value is that -- teaching careers aside -- almost anything you might like to do in life beyond your cubicle will involve something analogous to teaching. That's definitely the case. It was the early 80's. Calculus in high school was still not widespread. We took it at 7 in the morning, before the regular school day, from the physics teacher who was delighted to finally teach calculus for the first time ever. He basically followed a mainstream college curriculum in class. But the subsequent college course followed the same pattern, and I don't think it was atypical for the time. It took a couple tries to drive it into my skull, but I did end up majoring in math. Turning math into a series of multiple choice questions that are answered by cranking through memorized algorithms... don't get me started. Beautiful. This has a modern application. When fed with a slow trickle of water, it will empty itself periodically, and formed the basis of automatic-flush urinals before the electronic valves became commonplace. Yes, it has to do that. The bend may have to be narrow enough for surface tension to have an effect. I found this nice web page, the Virtual Lavatory: http://www.users.waitrose.com/~ttagrevatt/vlav/works_cistern... Amusingly, I dismissed the original Apple Mac when it came out, because it couldn't display 80 columns of readable text. Thanks for that link. As of tonight, I'm committed to writing version independent code. Got one! Haven't fired it up yet. Not to mention, every last one of them seems to be some kind of computer programmer. No offense to HN, and I love programming, but I'd have hoped to see more breadth. Where are the biologists? Agreed with all of the above points. What it suggests to me is that the idea of bypassing college and going straight into entrepreneurship may only be testable in a limited number of fields, notably programming. For those of us who don't know Javascript, I'll just ask in broad terms: What is it, how's it work, what's it do? Perhaps the metal parts are manipulated from the outside with magnets somehow? IANAL, but Including material that is not referenced by the claims, gives you the chance to submit amended claims at a later date if your original claims are invalidated. Ask HN: As somewhat of an old timer, I have a couple of questions about FP, not really worthy of creating their own thread: 1. I learned a rule (in my Pascal textbook), "avoid globals." Is FP just an embodiment of that principle? 2. I do a lot of programming involving hardware, often homemade. Hardware has state, such as whether a lamp is turned on or off. Does this just mean FP is inappropriate, or are there techniques out there that accrue the benefits of FP in systems that necessarily have state? This mirrors advice often given to musicians. Nobody wants to be the best player in the band. >>> If you talk to e.g. people who've gone through rigorous Ph.D. programs, you'll find a number of them were severely depressed after their defense. Likewise after earning tenure. Nothing is ever mentioned about the process by which a society converts itself into a libertarian utopia. That makes all the difference in terms of the configuration of ownership. According to my purely idle speculation, here are a couple of possibilities: 1. Worldwide adoption of libertarian society at some fixed point in time (e.g., by magic), meaning that the largest land holders would soon absorb their neighbors and form estates of a size equivalent to US states or small countries. These people would presumably be responsible for families or even entire clans, forcing them to take a long term outlook. But "selling" might be problematic if there is no reliable store of wealth other than land. 2. Adoption limited to a geographic region (e.g., through a political process), with the commercial economy dependent a foreign currency. In this case, the rational strategy for a small land holder (less than 100 square miles) might be to extract foreign money from the land by selling crops, ores, etc., and then abandon the land. I'm guessing that the optimal size of land holder that is big enough to be efficient, but small enough to saddle some larger entity with their externalities such as the cost of protecting them from the territorial ambitions of their neighbors. The bigger the estate, the bigger the cost of absorbing one's own pollution, crime, etc. Thanks. My son has been asking me how to write games, and has spent some time looking around in the code for the Raspberry Pi version of Minecraft. Maybe we can make some headway in this version because even dumb old Dad can handle 500 lines. Thanks. That will be fun to look at too. I read it as "It wasn't giving me joy anymore and I had plenty of financially viable options that were probably the result of leveraging my academic title." Alternatives to traditional college education would be great. How will we know that they work? Another interesting note: I would have expected North Korea to be dark, but it's brighter than neighboring China. Both of my kids went through Suzuki string programs. I'll admit that I was skeptical due to some of the criticisms noted in your link. I learned according to what my teachers called the "European" method that focused on reading from the very first note. However, what I've observed is that most American teachers don't adhere strictly to Suzuki's methods. Within the space of no more than a couple years, most kids are reading, and using repertoire from outside of the "official" Suzuki books. In other words they're sight-reading by age 10. Both of my kids now read quite well, but they also pick things up by ear easily, for instance fiddle tunes or even popular music. Now, I follow web forums for bassists, and the issue of reading is phenomenally divisive. As I understand it, most guitarists and electric bassists learn to play without reading standard music notation, and there is relatively little written literature available for popular music genres. A fair number of transcribed bass parts from recordings circulate in tabulature format. There is somewhat of a division in the music world depending on reading skill, but plenty of enjoyment to be had on either side. I happen to be both a fluent sight-reader and good ear player, but I'm lucky to play in situations that exercise both of those skills regularly. I'm not trying to quibble, but am genuinely curious: What would a control group consist of? There were plenty of patients who didn't receive the trial program, at large in the general population. And it couldn't have been a blind study, because the patients knew what they were eating. I think AoE is one of the best textbooks ever. Some of the sections in my edition (from 1983) are dated, but the basics are very well presented. I've often wondered if some lost arts represent niche opportunities. My username is apt. I'm keenly interested in analog, particularly precision and low noise circuits. I have a side business that makes a niche market product based on an analog circuit. At my day job, I'm one of the few people left who is capable (or maybe just willing) to compute a formal noise budget for an analog circuit. At least in the instrumentation business, there will always be a need to get the analog signal from the sensor to the analog-to-digital converter with dignity. And understanding analog issues is sometimes vital to resolving those issues using digital processing. The electronics lab course that we took (in the physics department) placed some emphasis on designing circuits that were forgiving of the issues such as you cite. This led to circuits that were not as sophisticated as e.g., a modern op amp chip, but forced us to think pretty hard about how the circuit should behave. Also, maybe the breadboard was a rite of passage. ;-) When I first learned about HTML, one of its touted features was the ability for people with different disabilities to use custom browsers that interpret the tags differently. For instance, text to speech. Today, it's my perception that web design has gone graphical, to the point where it would seem vastly more difficult to make sense of typical web pages using adaptive technologies. And as I approach old age, I find myself struggling with web pages, for instance having to use the "find" feature to find simple things on pages such as the login button. Ah, but the box is a big deal. I'm a DIY speaker builder, but for musical instrument rather than hi-fi use. The box is an integral part of the electromechanical system that determines the response (and to some extent power handling) of the speaker at low frequencies. The box may be a plain box whose volume is its main parameter, or may contain other structures such as resonant ports. Most woofers are designed so they have to be in an appropriate box in order to be useful. Without access to the process for designing custom woofers, the DIY'er has at our disposal two main variables for tailoring low frequency response: Woofer choice from off the shelf models, and box design. And there are some tradeoffs to manage, such as low frequency response and box size, so that there's no ideal box design for all uses. Sorry, I left town right after posting that. I'm a bassist, so it's 40 Hz up into the midrange, with not that much going on in the tweeter zone. So far my designs are just lightweight "pro audio" drivers in ported boxes. Nothing sophisticated, but I just want to be in control of how my speakers work. Interestingly enough, I think that the electric bass involves a sort of de facto co-design, because the bass acquired its "classic tone" during a time when speakers were relatively low performance, i.e, having -3 dB points far above the lowest fundamental. To this day, speakers with that tone quality tend to be preferred by bassists, which is a fortuitous circumstance because it liberates us from dragging around huge boxes capable of actually reproducing that E fundamental at full strength. When I was in college, some dorm buddies of mine got caught drinking on a public beach at night, were arrested, and charged with "minor in possession." I'm pretty sure this was a state law, and I'd be surprised if it wasn't widespread. I grew up in a suburb south of Detroit, graduated high school in the early 80's. Many of my neighbors, and parents of friends, were involved in the auto industry in some form or fashion. If we weren't making cars, we were making pieces of cars, chemicals for making pieces of cars, machines for making and repairing cars, and so forth. There seemed to be an inexorable cycle: During good times, we'd be making cars like crazy. Civic leaders all warned that we shouldn't be so dependent on one industry. "The Silicon Valley of the Midwest" was mentioned as early as I can remember. During bad times, the car plants would shut down. Civic leaders said that we shouldn't be so dependent on one industry. When things turned back around, we always went back to making cars like crazy. And pieces of cars, etc. Civic leaders breathed a sigh of relief but warned that we shouldn't be so dependent on one industry. So, if Detroit is picking up right now, I'll wonder the same thing that I've wondered before: Is it just because there is more demand for cars again, and everything else is just a trickle down from making cars again, and pieces of cars? Or is it something else? Not to mention, good old social pressure. I grew up in a suburb at the tail end of that era. In my view there were some other factors as well: 1. Raising a family on a single income was fathomable. 2. Things like day care centers and summer day camps weren't as prevalent. Thinking back to when I was a novice programmer, and the consequences of my mistakes when working on stuff that was probably over my head, "terminate with extreme prejudice" seems like the only acceptable option. No result and a call from a user seems better than a wrong result. Folks will use a tool for safety (personal or financial) critical tasks without really thinking about failure modes. Things like pocket calculators, Excel, and even web forms, will cough up a lung and quit when they hit an exception. So I think that novices of today are probably amply familiar with this mode of operation, even before learning to program. Thank you for a clear and detailed description of your design process, especially how you made it work with basic tools and techniques. Maybe I won't be so scared of BGA now. When I lived in a suburb in Texas, there was no natural gas available in the neighborhood. Now I live in a Northern city, and could probably generalize to a reasonable extent: Cities are plumbed for gas, and newer houses will have gas appliances. Many older houses -- even in neighborhoods with gas service -- were heated with oil, and most but not all have been upgraded. Quite a lot of people I know buy a house and discover that there's a gas furnace but everything else is electric. For instance while living in one house, I extended the plumbing so I could install a gas clothes dryer. Folks tend to prefer gas stove. In my house, running gas to the kitchen would require quite a lot of drywall trauma, and I learned to cook on a gas stove, so it's not a big deal for me. In rural areas, it's mostly propane. The house I lived in during grad school had a coal chute. I got into computers and programming during the era when several of the more popular microcomputers booted up directly to the BASIC prompt. Perhaps out of nostalgia, I've always had an interest in little computers that blur the distinction between programming language and operating system. So, I'll keep an eye on this project, and maybe it'll spur me to give Lisp one more chance. Amusingly, I've built industrial controllers using the 8052AH-BASIC chip, but it was pretty bare bones. I'd try to resolve this by displaying the center of gravity in 3 dimensions. Then I could project each point to the surface if I wanted. That's fair, but looking at the earth as anything but a sphere is unlikely to produce more useful results. One possibility is that a center-of-gravity of wealth just isn't all that useful a measure of economic history: A major historical shift could end up being represented by a dot budging a few hundred miles in the middle of nowhere. I don't think this is limited to programming. I've noticed that most engineers forget their college math and engineering theory within a few years of graduating. Many are adamant that math isn't necessary for an engineering career, and many have heard this message from older engineers. Maybe there's a similar divide, where some engineering activities use more math & theory than others. In moments of cynicism or frustration, I label the two groups "engineers" and "designers," and complain to colleagues that a remarkable amount of design work is done by trial and error. Is it the right way or the wrong way? I don't know. I'm biased by my preference and enjoyment of math & theory, and I volunteer for tasks that use those skills. Do hotels have different eviction laws? My parents had a friend who used this trick in the early 1950s, to get into restaurants. They told the story to my siblings and me, to illustrate the stupidity of racism. On the other hand, I had a summer internship during college, where one of the employees was a white guy and wore a turban. He told me that he got searched every time he crossed the border between the US and Canada, during the period before 9-11 when most people just got waved across. I'm just offering this anecdote for a bit of historical interest, not because it contains any recipe for success: I took a high school course in BASIC in '81 or '82, and am self taught beyond that point. Similar story for electronics. I did those things for fun while pursuing a mainstream math / science major in college. At that time, at least in my region of the country, CS was almost exclusively data processing on mainframes. If you wanted to get into anything else, like scientific programming or microprocessors, you could do so just by being crazy enough to volunteer for a task. Many people bought their own computers and brought them to work, to bypass the computer bureaucracy. A friend of mine was an electronics tech in a factory. They bought some sort of computerized test gadget. The boss asked if anybody wanted to learn how to program it. My friend was the only guy who stepped forward. I think he was interested in seeing if he could use it to run his model railroad. It launched a new career for him. During college and grad school, I used any computer at hand for any task that I could come up with during summer internships or research projects. I found kindred spirits among the professors, who were doing the same sorts of things. Many of those people were also ham radio enthusiasts, and it was a similar mind-set. My experience didn't lead to a programming gig per se, but my programming skill has probably helped my career greatly over the years. I've done things such as designing computer controlled factory machines, modeling, prototyping, embedded gadgets, etc., but have not written "production" code. You might be surprised. What I observed during that time was that a lot of, if not most, senior people were clueless about what computers were actually doing. The potential "reach" of that intern might just not have occurred to people. And we still have national security / diplomacy disasters resulting from relatively low level people having access to vital computer systems beyond anybody's imagination. I don't know why, but I'm amused by the fact that there's no disclaimer about warranties, express or implied. In my view, a world without statistics would be like a world without 32. Somebody would eventually fill the hole. Would that be a world without probability? Without randomness? Sets? It's interesting to me that firms do some of these things internally (e.g., maintaining a 100 person organization unable to make a profit) but firms have an outside source of discipline such as the market, whereas the Communist society doesn't. Replace "app business" with "musician." Worth noting that we're really meter-based in the US too. The legal inch is a defined quantity based on the meter. Many modern measuring devices such as the position encoders on machine tools use "whatever" units internally, that are converted by software to inches or mm for display. (Written after looking for a #29 drill for tapping #8-32 threads for an electrical terminal fitting 14 gauge wire.) I'd like to see those as absolute numbers, and preferably un-smoothed. The corresponding "dip" seems to be in post-docs. I got my physics PhD in the late 90's. Anecdotally during that time period, morale about employment was pretty low. As I recall a handful of activist students got the American Physical Society to acknowledge the issue. Physics Today was starting to print articles about non-academic employment, though mostly speculative. Possibly as a result, I saw what seemed like a real push among physics students to pursue industry options, including programming. Many of us were good programmers. My thesis project ran on thousands of lines of code that I wrote for hardware that I designed. And those years seemed pretty good for engineering employment. My impression is that interest in joining the post doc cadre evaporated, and students with any sort of engineering ability grabbed whatever industry jobs they could get. I like the idea that the truck is the warehouse. Of course it's an issue to get an item out if it's buried, but that's just a limitation on how tight you can pack the truck. Putting things on pallets might let you slide them around and manage the space better. Also, I don't know the weather in SF, but I'd never trust the floor of a box truck to stay dry in the Midwest, and pallets keep things off the floor. A make-or-break will be how much unsold stuff you end up driving around. I wonder if there's some way you can discourage stratospheric speculative pricing, by offering a better commission if the seller lets you set the starting price. I suppose that's true. I was assuming higher turnover of inventory, but have to admit that I've never sold furniture. Amazingly, I got rid of a pile of gravel in my driveway via Craigs List, in a matter of hours. I'm beginning to see those in the US, maybe within the past five years. Mostly tractor/trailer rigs rather than smaller trucks. Nice write-up. Thanks! I wonder if the algorithm can adapt to recordings where the tempo isn't quite constant. Amusingly, I first read "beat" as a verb in your title, and was expecting something cloak-and-dagger. I think that if you want to understand how ordinary people use math, a good place to start would be by looking at their Excel spreadsheets. Excel is arguably the most widely used tool for computation and even programming. I've seen some impressive spreadsheets for solving complex problems, written by folks with no more than a high school education. With that said, I'd endorse a move away from solely algorithm based (standardized test based) learning. My limited understanding is that the simplistic formula for computing p-value assumes certain things about the lack of hidden correlations and effects. If those things are present and correctly taken into account, then the correct p-value would be much higher. Arbitrarily multiplying reported p-values by 10 would not seem to be too far from the mark. 5) No programming on the standardized tests. Playing the violin is also a trade skill. I don't think the job market implications of programming need to be a deterrent. Programming can simply be taught as a creative activity. I learned programming because it was interesting and fun. In fact, teaching programming to kids as a trade skill is likely to turn them off. What would folks recommend if my only goal is learning? I do some microcontroller development, so I'm aware of the need for an inexpensive board and (preferably) free tools. I'm OK with a free tool that has a limited program size, which I've never managed to fill up. Naturally I say my only goal is learning, but... I wouldn't mind finding a development board that's small and cheap enough that it could be pushed into small run production as a component in a pinch. This is a cool example of solving a problem by developing a general purpose tool, then programming the tool to solve the specialized problem. It's cool for a couple of reasons. First, many aspects of the tool's behavior can be confirmed at the general purpose level, i.e., does it behave according to the expected laws of electromagnetism. Second, it provides the entire community with something useful. I started grade school around when the big push for metric occurred in the US. Here's what I remember. Inches were taught as inches. Here's a ruler, measure some things. Metric was taught as a bunch of math. Here's how you convert between different units. Many years later I was talking to a machinist who told me: "My daughter is learning metric in school but I don't like it because of all the math." As I understand it, employer-provided health insurance was first introduced by Ernst Abbe through his oversight of the Carl Zeiss company, in Germany. Abbe is one of my favorite unsung tech heroes. Android compatible? Bill Gates got rich by understanding that people want to write their own software. I'm not sure Jobs ever understood that. Granted, I won't try to write a paean to Bill Gates and his business practices over the years, but I think his enthusiasm for user programming is one indulgence that I'd grant him. I wonder if music itself is a "hack" of our sensory and cognitive apparatus. My graduate thesis project operated from the parallel ports of multiple 8088 DOS boxes. There's a hack that might help that CNC application: At least one of the common USB<>serial interfaces will spit out a serial data stream at an utterly constant rate. I've used this to control stepping motors. You'd need something at the other end to interpret the serial data, some kind of MCU. In general, I'd advise implementing USB using the simplest canned solution possible, i.e., and leave "rolling your own" low level implementation for applications that can't be done in any other way. Like you say, the complexity is onerous. The article was written in 1964, and as noted in the post above about Robin Kelly's book, is not uncontroversial. Today, a title like "high priest of jazz" would probably elicit snickers from jazz lovers and musicians. Reading Kelley's book, I was just fascinated to learn about the process by which Monk created music. He composed on paper, at the piano, but was loath to let people see his charts -- possibly due to justified fear of having them stolen and used by others. Instead, he expected his sidemen to learn his tunes by ear, on the bandstand. That would have been a real trial by fire! It's a lot different than how jazz players develop repertoire today. The standard repertoire has largely been codified in "fake books," mistakes and all. Reading and improvising from fake books has become part of basic training. I'd like to learn more about what playing jazz was really like during that time period, and as a player, experience it that way myself if possible. I'm intrigued by the question: Would I have been able to hack it at all in that environment? Do you mind if I ask how? I ask as one who is still quite bewildered by the whole Bitcoin thing, but would love to better understand how it works. Thanks. To me, it seems like bitcoin solves the problem of the buyer being bogus, but doesn't solve the problem of the seller being bogus. For instance the Nigerian prince might order an iPhone with bitcoins, and never see his iPhone. There's probably no such thing as a risk free commercial transaction. The next best thing is if somebody assumes the risk and charges an amount that covers the risk plus makes it worth their while. I propose a new study: The half-life of the 10000 hour rule, i.e., how many years before belief in the 10000 rule among the general population (or among certain specialized populations) is reduced to half of its present level. >>> it's not a problem because the science is crap That's fair. But is the science any good? Have the last 20 years moved psychology towards what a physicist would recognize as science? There may be a (7) having to do with the age at which you start. Something like a 10k h rule would correlate with those who started earlier. To have any practical chance of actually putting in 10k h on the violin, it sure helps to start at age six. It also helps if formal practice is the same thing as having fun for you. I wonder if there's a hardware fix. A familiar way to make a system more tolerant of blackout is to detect and use the grace period between when incoming power goes down and the internal power supply loses regulation. When this condition is detected, it triggers a process to gracefully square things away. Noncritical peripherals, such as graphics display, are allowed to simply capsize. Does the Pi already monitor its supply voltages? If not, something could be hung on the GPIO to monitor +5 V. More elaborate circuitry can be used to extend the duration of the grace period if needed. (Diodes and capacitors, nothing exotic). I largely agree with you, and can only think of one minor argument: Perhaps the implicit feature is the booming message from the toy industry, not to girls, but to the parents and grandparents who buy toys. The latter may be the people who need to be reassured that engineering is OK for girls. (Or science, math, music, whatever). I wonder if separate markets for boy and girl toys has a couple of straightforward economic benefits: 1. Two isolated markets are less competitive than a single consolidated market -- possibly enabling higher prices. 2. It's a sort of planned obsolescence, due to the fifty-fifty chance of having to go out and buy a whole new set of toys when the second kid is born. Granted, I started college 30+ years ago, so my perspective may be outdated, but I fear that it might not be. What you say about "asymmetry" struck me because it seems like a more widespread issue. Some anecdotes from my college years: * The CS students did all of their work on the college mainframe, and there was a pervasive attitude that personal computers were toys. * The earliest adopters of PC's, and of using computers to solve problems rather than as objects of study, were in the physics department. * Math required students to learn programming, but only one course used it -- numerical analysis. I wonder if doing symbolic math by hand still dominates math education. Of course I enjoy doing it as a form of recreation, but I think that my use of math in my subsequent career would be stunted, had I not taken an interest in programming outside of the math department. I also wonder if "the hot stuff in discipline A is being taught in department B" is just a feature of the chaotic nature of scholarship and research, meaning that a student needs to explore more than one field in order to really be top notch in their main chosen field. I learned the same lesson long ago with printed circuit boards. Renting has the additional advantage that you're not stuck with the particular technology that you bought. If two jobs benefit from 2 printing technologies, you can have both. On the other hand, a benefit of having your own proto shop is that if you're skilled, you can prototype and modify quicker than you can specify. And don't overlook ancient methods. You can still do a lot with woodworking tools. I would say instead, if you take the best offer, somebody else is determining your past. That's because the salary you receive becomes your past when you use it to negotiate the next offer. We've all read about how much health care costs in the US, but I'd like to know: Into whose pockets is that money actually flowing? My guess is that those people will be doctors, even if directly caring for patients isn't how they make their money. From what I've gathered by reading about this over the years: * More than half of doctors are self employed, meaning that their salaries don't tell the whole story about their incomes. * Doctors are heavily invested as stockholders in provider businesses (insurance, HMO's, etc.), and the malpractice insurance industry. Until recently, my employer-provided health care was delivered by a large organization that was entirely doctor-owned. Sorry, no links or evidence for either of these, and I think the gathering of that evidence may be difficult due to the complex financial relationships involved. But it makes me skeptical when I read about doctors struggling against "the system." Who owns the system? It may very well be that medical care costs less overseas simply due to a simpler system where costs can actually be tracked. Medicine might become a better profession in the US if med school were free, doctors worked for a salary, and everything else was owned by the government. To be fair, it may be doctors exploiting doctors, and your career prospects upon finishing medical school may have a lot to do with how much investment money (e.g., inheritance) you have at your disposal to buy into the portion of the business that ultimately profits. ... and test the prediction. In my PhD field (physics), there was a middle ground for most students. Proposing a research project is a lot like pitching a product idea. If you bring your own money, or don't need any, then you can do whatever you want, including failing. If you need funding, space, collaboration, mentoring, whatever, then your pitch has to mesh with the interests with other people. But even if given a project, it's not really a "project" in the sense of having a plan, budget, and timeline. Depending on the professor, the project may just be a vague concept, with no idea of how to carry it out. That was the case with my thesis project. I started with an inchoate idea, and ended up developing an experimental technique that opened up a new research program for my advisor. There are professors who assign cookie cutter projects, and I think it's a disservice to their students. Looking through the entire list of essays, I was struck by how few I was willing to acknowledge as "scientific" ideas. Many seemed like straw men, and the entire list might give a false impression that scientists are blinded by bad ideas. >>> The big question then is how do they make out in real life afterwards As they move up in life, they will move up in consultants, so long as they have access to the wealth necessary to pay for it. Children are the third rail for any simplistic concept of urban transportation. I suspect that in all but a few cities in the US, the dilemma for a family with kids is not Car versus Uber, but 2 cars versus 1. I live in a bike-friendly city, and am an avid cyclist myself. I've learned that debates over the relative merits of different bike configurations are irreconcilable. After reading about ransomware, I adopted the following approach to backing up my files, which I call a "pull" system. I run my backups from an old Linux box that isn't write-accessible on the network, but that can read files from the Windows computers onto the backup disks. My backup method is slow -- just a bulk transfer of files -- but I've made no effort to refine it yet. I also wonder: If you plug your backup drive into a Linux box, you'd see if the files were encrypted, right? For me, it's procrastination, plain and simple. In my better moments, I try to spend my procrastination time "doing" something, so I load my computer with toys such as a new programming tool that I want to learn, an evaluation board for a microcontroller, etc. I give myself little projects. The cycle is complete when I begin to use one of those toys for my regular job. And to anybody monitoring my activities (which I always assume), it looks just like work. >>> What you find is completely different from what most people would think. The person with the higher status uses the word "I" less. Here's a hypothesis. The higher status person has learned to express their thoughts in a way that makes them seem more objective and authoritarian -- and less susceptible to negotiation or debate. The implicit assumption is that your words convey opinions, but their words convey facts. Agreed. I found myself asking the same thing, and ended up finding a Python program: http://www.pythoncentral.io/finding-duplicate-files-with-pyt... I plan on giving it a whirl, to help me clean up my backup drive. I'd accept dead plants in the form of hardwood floors and nice wood furniture. Also, outdoor plants will suffice if visible from inside. That was my impression too... >>> You can calculate the derivative, or rate of change, of a function f by doing >>> (f(x+ε) - f(x)) / ε >>> and then at the end throwing out terms involving ε. ... is exactly how the derivative was defined in both high school and college calc, except that the last bit was formalized by taking a limit. Now, the concept of a limit was presented rather informally in high school, then with progressively more rigor in college calculus, and ultimately in real analysis. This approach got most of the STEM students through calculus in a finite time, but meant that only the math majors got to do calculus at a deeper level. And grad school, well, I went into physics instead. Every math course skips the nasty bits that get re-visited at a higher level later. Maybe that's just how math is. My understanding of infinities and infinitesimals is that they are "not numbers," but are essentially a short hand notation for the processes involved in taking limits. And limits are based on sets. Granted, there may be other ways to understand the same stuff. >>> Check to see whether the prior art reference explains every element of a claim in the patent. If so, the reference “anticipates” the claim, and the claim is invalid. I'm not a lawyer, but I have over a dozen patents, and have participated in other IP related activities such as invalidation. Here is how I understand it, as explained to me: It's assumed by default that the patent is granted in light of the information referred to by cited works. In other words, the examiner has declared that nothing in the references anticipates the claims. If you're looking for new prior art, it has to be outside of those references. Of course anything can be challenged, but instead of "look, we found some prior art," you have to argue, "look, the examiner missed something." OP, does that make sense? A couple other thoughts: First, the body text may be gibberish, but the body of patent A can be used against the claims of patent B, if A is not cited by B. I've used this successfully, thanks to a few solid days of Google searching. Or, A and C can be combined to show obviousness. Second, body text can contain useful information in its own right. I have a product under development right now for my side business, using an electronic circuit described in an expired patent. In my observation, academic research shares a lot in common with entrepreneurship. Stealing from nostrademons above: >>>> Working for someone else's startup, I learned how to quickly cobble solutions together. I learned about uncertainty and picking a direction regardless of whether you're sure it'll work. I learned that most startups fail, and that when they fail, the people who end up doing well are the ones who were looking out for their own interests all along. I learned a lot of basic technical skills, how to write code quickly and learn new APIs quickly and deploy software to multiple machines. I learned how quickly problems of scaling a development team crop up, and how early you should start investing in automation. I pretty much experienced all of those things in the course of my PhD research, with the exception of forming teams. It's been my understanding that the tuning of a piano is "stretched" compared to perfect 2:1 octaves -- at least this is what I heard from one piano tuner. Some details are suggested by all-knowing Wikipedia; http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Piano_tuning How much do folks who learned electronics feel that they were, or would have been, helped by introducing electron flow before switching to the mainstream sign convention for current? Oddly enough, I learned about vacuum tubes but never did anything with them except repair guitar amps. But I can see where an introduction to tube circuitry would want to start with electron flow. In addition to The Art of Electronics, as mentioned, it might also be worth trying LTSpice, which is a free circuit simulator. It's a Windows program, but I've had it running just fine on a Linux box under Wine emulation. That was kinda my experience too. The mental training wheels that I came up with were based on remembering that like charges repel, so the electrons flee the negative terminal. But it didn't take me very long to simply regard voltage and charge as quantities of "stuff" related by equations. Possibly a confounding factor is that electricity is so incredibly badly taught in the high school and college physics courses, or at least it was when I was a student. Most students ended up hating electricity. I have had more than one person cite the "oscilloscope lab" as the experience that turned them away from physics. It's too bad, because if well taught, electricity could really reinforce another aspect of physics that students struggle with, namely the ability to solve complex problems by replacing fields with scalar quantities (e.g., stuff that's conserved), thus replacing calculus with accounting. Also, I would completely ditch the oscilloscope (at the intro level), replacing it with something that simply measures voltage versus time into a computer. >>>>> The opposite of perfect competition is monopoly. Whereas a competitive firm must sell at the market price, a monopoly owns its market, so it can set its own prices. Since it has no competition, it produces at the quantity and price combination that maximizes its profits. This is missing an important detail: It still has to be a product that somebody wants to pay for. Even a monopoly could have a zero or negative profit. >>>>> By "monopoly," I mean the kind of company that is so good at what it does that no other firm can offer a close substitute. i.e., the kind of company whose success can only be described thanks to hindsight. True, but competing could be a successful short term strategy, if you can identify a target who are burdened with excessive costs for some reason, or can think of a cheaper way to make something. I'm a jazz musician, and even within the last few years, I've seen musicians pull out pages copied from those old Tune-Dex cards. >>>>> The law had attempted to express a prohibition but that prohibition had been repeatedly ignored, and hereafter it would be permanently ignored. There were no further federal trials surround-ing bootleg fake books. Compared to the new problems raised by record and movie piracy from the 1970s onward, prosecuting fake-books was no longer worth the effort. Today, the most common mechanism for enforcement of performance rights for copyrighted songs is to go after the venues that host live music, rather than the musicians themselves. A restaurant or bar that hosts live music will get a visit from a representative of ASCAP or BMI, to arrange for a license that covers the performances of musicians. As a teenager, around 1980, I had a part time job at the public library in my town. Our librarian was a privacy nut -- a fact that I appreciate more and more. She made a point of telling everybody at the library that the circulation records were sacrosanct. She even scolded me once for commenting on a book that a patron was checking out: It was none of my business. She had concocted a byzantine checkout system that would have made it almost impossible to search the library's circulation records. It was part of my job to send out overdue notices. Once the records had been used for that purpose, they were destroyed. The library kept no long term circulation records. Our checkout system was paper based -- no names ever went into a computer. I thought that computerizing the system would be a great idea, but more because I was interested in computers than for any other reason. The librarian was opposed to it, though she was clueless about computers, but challenged me to think of how I could be absolutely sure that there would be no permanent record. The library didn't switch to a computerized circulation system until after she retired. Could the browser tackle this? If I understand it correctly, in broad strokes, nothing comes down unless the browser asks the server for it. I'm dating myself, but when I first learned about HTML, the idea was that text would be organized so the browser could make it more readable for you, based on your needs. For instance, a deaf person could use a text-to-speech browser, and perhaps the heading tags would help them navigate the document. Today's web page simply treat the screen as a graphical canvas. In those old days, I also learned that having a crummy obsolete browser for my crummy obsolete computer actually sped up browsing because my browser was simply incapable of downloading the stuff that ate bandwidth. I wish I remember who said this: If you could predict business success correctly 51% of the time, and acted on your findings, you'd soon be the richest person ever. The above links to Mother Jones do a pretty good job. To make a long story short, the lead in the fuel came down to earth in solid particulate form, and formed fairly high concentrations in the soil, where it was ingested by kids. Noting Crito's comment, I don't know if inhalation or ingestion was the primary vector. What I remember reading is that kids ingest a finite amount of soil in the course of simply being outdoors. In fact lead forms some compounds that are actually tasty, and I think it was in the time of the ancient Romans that they boiled wine in lead pots to produce lead acetate, an artificial sweetener. But inhalation would make sense too. Bulk transmission through the material should be similar. But sapphire has a higher refractive index than gorilla glass (1.77 vs 1.5 or thereabouts) and thus reflects more at each surface. Reducing reflectance with a coating works, but as the article points out, costs money and is less durable. The same stereotypes were applied to Mac and PC users. And it correlated (not claiming causality) to the respective marketing messages: You are an Apple user, you are young and creative and beautiful. You are a PC user, you are mature, businesslike, and successful. From the article: >>>> The problem is that there's no escape, no immunity, from this kind of ad. Once we see it — and know that all our peers have seen it too — it's in our rational self-interest to buy the advertised product. No it's not. That's where non-immunity falls down. For one thing, peer pressure is still only one factor in choosing a product, and we can still use our rational brains to weigh it against other factors. It only adds to the information at our disposal, but doesn't necessarily outweigh other information. We might decide that tasty beer is more important than personal image, or that the social impact of our beer choice is either negligible or not worth paying extra for. I'd apply the same principles if it's a start-up or an established company: The nature of the job, work environment, wages, benefits, etc. What I would take away from the lecture is not to weed yourself out of the market because you perceive yourself to be mediocre. Instead, I'd consider what common threads seem to run among companies that perceive themselves to be start-ups and decide if you'd enjoy working in that kind of environment. Note in particular the comment that start-up founders tend to be terrible managers. Also, "startup" is a buzzword, and any small company could call itself one. This is another reason to carefully consider the particulars of each situation. Back in the days of hand made printed circuits, I randomly assigned both data and address pins on a microprocessor circuit, and got everything onto a single side with just one or two jumpers. I felt so clever. Then I remembered that the program in the ROM assumed a particular bit numbering, literally while my board was bubbling away in the ferric chloride. Oops. Rather than re-design the board, I thought about writing a program to rearrange my binaries, or make a socket adapter for the EEPROM programmer. The socket adapter won out. For old fashioned RAM and ROM chips, you'd be OK, and you're probably generally OK with data pins. Address pins are another matter. The Z80 had a built in static RAM refresh circuit, and there is some schtick about which addresses are refreshed as a group (rows or columns, I forget which). So, rearranging the address bus might result in some nasty surprises. And it might get even more interesting with more modern memory devices, which are way over my head. On a whim, I got the Howard Sams book on the Z80 while I was in high school, around 1981, and I devoured it. That sounds killer. I can't wait to see what you post. One of the things I find fascinating is the limitations that each generation of engineers deals with in order to get the next problem solved, or the next product out the door. Those were the days when bits and megahertz were expensive. Yes, you're right. Thanks! Good lord my head is spinning now. For me, microcontrollers with built in memory pretty much eliminated all of those considerations, but it's fascinating to know the level of sophistication achieved today. My school couldn't even afford the rope. ;-) I remember reading about the PCI bus, which I think is the first time I heard of a mainstream digital system requiring serious transmission line design. There's a good chance that something like the Speak n Spell during that era stored its program in mask-programmed ROM. That's where the program is fabricated into the IC itself, and specified when you order a batch of chips. I have a slightly different view of what freedom is. It doesn't mean freedom from responsibilities. It means freedom to choose the direction of your research, but whatever direction you choose, you still have to work at it. This is a problem that I've experienced myself. I came up with a practical frame recipe for me and my ol' table saw, but it isn't for everybody. And it never occurred to me that it could be the basis of an Internet business. So, hats off to you, and I hope it's successful. I wonder if polystyrene is cheaper than acrylic. I don't know its UV protection properties. I didn't look too closely at your site: Can people upload a picture of their artwork to display in your frame design UI? This is good advice. Prior art can torpedo your application, so it makes sense to do a cursory search on your own nickel before paying a lawyer. My patent lawyers have always advised me to do my own searches. I'm not a lawyer, but it's been my experience that if your invention combines A and B, and the examiner can find A and B in separate patents, then you're pretty much cooked. If you find both A and B in a single patent, then you'd better hope the patent is expired. If you find prior art, then your options are to give up or narrow your claims. That can be a gut wrenching, if you're already in the hole to a lawyer when you have to make this decision. At best, narrowing your claims still lets you protect the important elements of your invention. If you find a "close" patent, then following its citations, and the patents that cite it, is a good way to chase down more possible prior art. Now, I've found that it's touch and go whether the examiner will look outside the patent literature. As it gets easier and easier to search for anything that's been written about anything, fertile ground for finding prior art will of course expand. It could include the academic literature, so if you're a student, you might be able to get some (free) help from your friendly neighborhood reference librarian. This is an opportunity for an experiment: Upon implementing "assessment centers," how many years will it take for affluent families to figure out how to hack them? I got my PhD in 1993, and the postdoc position was recognized as a holding pattern, already by that time. The other well known effect was known as the "birth control problem," which was that a professor only had to produce one PhD during her career, to replace themselves. Anything more than that was surplus. But to be fair, nobody ever told us that becoming a professor was supposed to be our only option, and it would have been silly to expect such a thing because of the "birth control problem." Yet, silly is exactly how we managed our careers. Myself included. I intended to work in industry with my PhD, but didn't exactly do anything intelligent about making it happen. It's been my observation, visiting lots of labs, that the "culture" of always wearing safety glasses doesn't extend into biology labs. My spouse, a chemist now working in a bio lab, is aghast. "And the kids wear flip flops too." Yes, industry takes safety more seriously. If I'm not mistaken, Nakamura was responsible for the white LED too -- Nichia Chemical made phosphors. There are already two such tiers: Pro and amateur. I live in the shadow of a university that is a major biology research magnet, and quite a number of the professors have their own off-campus start-ups going on. There's a widespread misconception about scientists too, due to the assumption that we're all academics. In fact there are quite a lot of scientists in industry, either in companies or as entrepreneurs. I've known quite a few millionaire scientists. Within the company that I work for, and in my side-business, I have a sincere interest in seeing my inventions commercialized. I saw a video'd lecture by Alan Kay (probably linked to from HN) where he distinguished invention and innovation: Invention is creating new things, and innovation is bringing things to market. Those are separate skills. It seems like work because it's done at work. An aspect of an academic job is that once you've done your 40 hours, you are free to use your employer's facilities, which include physical infrastructure but also library access, and the "branding" of the university to promote yourself. This is what provides that extra utility. A line cook at McDonald's, if faced with what to do after putting in 40 hours, could at most make more burgers. Many white collar workers are restricted by things like confidentiality and conflict of interest rules. Many of us get our super utility out of hours 41-60 by having a side business at home. In 1990, the Win32 API thing seemed to be simply prohibitive for me to approach. In Microsoft's defense, my impression of the Apple Mac was even worse, but my Mac had HyperCard. The introduction of VB is what tipped the scales for me, in favor of Windows, as it was apparent that Apple's interest in HC was waning. Naturally, it's a horses-for-courses thing, but I agree that VB was huge. I learned programming in BASIC, in 1981, then spent some years with Turbo Pascal, HyperCard, and eventually VB. I spent upwards of a decade with VB before switching to Python. I'd have a couple problems with VB as a teaching language. First, there's the business of building GUI's and navigating the project structure. These are not the basics of programming, and are layers of abstraction that obscure the underlying code. Second, even if there's a free version, it's an enormous bloated download, and only runs on Windows. Python can run on any reasonably modern computer, including the Raspberry Pi and its ilk. Third, Python is more "cool" right now, meaning that there is a lot more interesting code and projects being shared and discussed online. I actually consider this to be an advantage for my own use of Python at my day job. Now I think both groups of students will come away with a decent grounding. Those who get into programming will learn more than one language, and I'll bet that there's little correlation between who's a good programmer and what language they started with. This was puzzling to me too, especially because there was also a correlation with wealth. I'm peripherally involved in the wedding industry, as I play in wedding bands. Granted, I only see the weddings where the couple hires live music (not necessarily expensive). But I get to observe some things about the couple, their guests, and how much they spend. All of this is just my biased anecdotal guess: You don't have 200 friends, so if you've got 200 guests, probably 180 of them are someone else's friends -- distant relatives, business associates of your parents, church members. Perhaps simply being part of a larger network of supportive people helps stabilize your marriage. Especially if you didn't invite them to impress them with your lavish expenditure. It's just my impression, but it seems like the folks who spent 20k, were the ones who were sold a big package, perhaps because they are young and un-confident about their social stature. They're probably spending someone else's money. I have rarely if ever seen anybody spend that much if they're older than 30 or even 25. So it's quite possible that the same marriage will destabilize itself when the partners develop their own independent identities, i.e., "change" to the point where they're no longer compatible. Folks who are more comfortable with their own identity may also be comfortable saying "no" to the dozen or more people who are trying to fleece them as they navigate the wedding industry. What disturbs me is that the training has to start before kids are really old enough to weigh the risks and returns. The net-present-value of aspiring to a pro football career is probably in the neighborhood of 10 bucks when the actual probability of success is considered. It could even be negative due to the effect of those concussions. And it's unfathomable that the concussions don't have some progressive effect starting on day one. This is one of those cases where you have a seemingly infinitesimal probability of a seemingly infinite outcome. I think that folks just have a very hard time thinking about that kind of situation rationally. At least in my house, all Internet traffic still has to go through my router. Could that be the place where we control who and what our things talk to? Aha. Perhaps I'd be satisfied with simply blocking the traffic, assuming my refrigerator is designed so my food won't get warm if the fridge can't phone home. (For now, a fridge with a mechanical thermostat and no microprocessor seems to keep my food cold). While the news-making injuries are probably more rare, I'm concerned that a constant succession of low grade concussions might have a cumulative effect that I wouldn't wish on my own kids. Not that either of them is a prospect for playing football at any level. Instead, they're engaged in an activity with a roughly equal chance of professional success -- playing classical music. But at least I can send them to practice without wondering if it will set them back mentally, with symptoms that show up 30 to 50 years later. Check out "aacircuits" for Windows. It's been around for at least 15 years, but is oriented towards drawing circuit diagrams: http://www.tech-chat.de/aacircuit.html As I recall, folks used it for inserting circuit diagrams into usenet posts. I've used it for sticking skeletal hookup diagrams into my microcontroller source code. When I write a code to access a particular device such as a specialized chip, I like to include in the comments a diagram that will at least let you demonstrate the code. As an aside, the cool toys are coming out for this "operating system" called Python. ;-) A couple more points about text: 1) In addition to being searchable, text lends itself to other forms of automated processing such as translation and text-to-speech for the vision impaired. 2) I'm prone to debilitating eyestrain headaches when I try to do any kind of graphical work on a computer, yet I can write text without looking at the screen. Granted, I'm a bassist, and I appreciate that guitar is its own beast. Bassists also debate the merits of tabs versus notation. I used to be adamant that everybody should learn to read, but have softened my views, especially in light of what you say, that reading tends to discourage beginners. Instead, my more moderate view is that at the very least, new players should be informed of what the most common notation systems are like, and what they are used for. We can argue all day, but it's often someone else who decides how they want to notate something. Different genres have their own preferences, and there are even regional variations. I played with a bandleader who had moved up from the South, and had to re-write her book because nobody in this region can read Nashville number charts. I play in a jazz band, and the guitarist and I would both be helpless if we couldn't read standard notation -- dots and chord symbols. But I would add that it's a musical genre where the music is pretty forgiving of the player deciding their own fingerings on the fly. I'd wager that with a science PhD under your belt, you're not the typical green programmer. Back in the early 80's, my mom taught the intro programming course at the local community college, after learning it herself a year prior. Her students came from all walks of life, and many of them got good jobs after a couple of semesters. Her observation was that someone with a science or math background could learn programming in a jiffy. Very nice! Cameras based on a single pixel, or a single-row array of pixels, have uses at wavelengths where two-dimensional pixel arrays are impractical. Thanks for posting this. I've had a long standing tendency to get eyestrain headaches from the computer screen, and when I was writing my dissertation, my wrists hurt so bad that I couldn't finish my figures. Fortunately, an old draftsman helped me out using pen and ink. Today, as a musician, I'm quite conscious of the health of my hands and wrists. When I hear musicians complain about wrist pain, I always tell them to evaluate their computer use. One application is where the "pixel" is a complete IR spectrometer that can perform a chemical analysis.