Taxes (excluding incentives / disincentives to do things as the collective (government) feels benefits society) should take a single exponential curve, a few min gives me this as a starting point: Taxes = PreTaxIncome * (1-(Ratio^((PreTaxIncome - BasicIncome) / BasicIncome))) * subtract basic living income from total * an otherwise equally applied curve where you /always/ take home more for making more (irrespective of how you made it) BUT the more you make the higher the percentage becomes tax. You're taking home disproportionately more of a society therefore your obligations to the society that allows you to make that much are also larger. If you're waiting for some background task and want to experiment use a spreadsheet program and the following: B1 = Ratio A2 = MinimumIncome A3+ = HigherIncomes B2+ = =(1-POWER($B$1,(A2-$A$2)/$A$2))*A2 C2+ = =B2/A2 D2+ = =(A2-B2)/$A$2 I'm not super happy about this particular curve as it's been too long since taking math courses for me to remember how to build in controls that make it easier to shape based on more meaningful numbers. Welcome to the incarceration nation. After the recent posts about RISC-V I'm more interested in that architecture. LowRISC: Open-source RISC-V SoC (9 days ago) https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8137521 RISC-V: An Open Standard for SoCs (7 days ago) https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8149658 Sort of. You can invite others to a calendar event. However it doesn't inter-operate well with the MS Exchange monoculture, largely because Microsoft, like with filesystems, hasn't yet met a competing standard that they would be willing to support natively. (Example, just look at the horrid IMAP support in practically every version of Outlook. I /think/ Outlook 2010 is the closest so far and it's still got tiny hiccups.) The left most lane (excluding HOV lanes) is for /passing/. Unless you are passing you should NOT be in this lane. Remaining in this lane, even doing the speed limit, while someone is behind you clearly wanting to go faster (that's their problem, not your's) is failure to yield. It would only be possible if a limit were enforced on all non-primary namespaces. However something that has been /possible/ for a while (but not in practice done) would be to elevate root process priority over other processes. Probably not done due to daemons needing to run as root (which is decreasing as they're able to drop privileges these days). With incentives like /that/ I too would buy a Tesla. Eliminate things from the list that are payment at service time (fast food, transit, stores, etc). Even cable, America's biggest luxury addiction, has some trouble obtaining payment. However what I'd like to see far more is a systemic solution. Instead of permatemps, part time workers, new hire probation (sort of), or even wellfare, 'unemployment' should mean more like a new deal program. There will be something for all workers to do, preferably in/near their training. If there is not, based on aptitude, retraining will be subsidized while more generic work is scheduled around the training. All initial hires/temps/etc will be paid for at full pro-rated cost (but less inherent risk/mutual solidity) by companies in question. The government will also pass on only a discounted rate of payment (but full benefits otherwise) to encourage the worker to land a job outside of the support system. My standard library does not contain any such rule. I therefore consider such a rule to not be common sense/knowledge. Please /define/ what you consider the 'standard' rule to be. Offhand, yes there are situations that I realize qualify as such (usually the gold digger style scenarios), however I have never heard of an actual logically applicable /rule/ to quantify that emotional sentiment. I'm not sure which country has it, but I'll generalize some criteria: * Able to make rational decisions for one's self. * Successful co-operation with already existing 'adults'. * Able to produce surplus survival resources to enable successful raising of offspring. By the above requirements I would suspect that if you removed an automatic assumption of truth based on chronological age, that a majority of American 'adults' would fail at lease one item on the above list. In some cases it really isn't their fault, but a fault of society failing to correct it's own conditions. It would probably be faster to directly 'hack' a raw IEEE 754 floating number: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IEEE_754-1985 The helpful Examples section already contains the numbers 0 and 1. Let us assume that the output is supposed to be between 0 and 1; it seems that 0 should be inclusive and 1 exclusive for the most balanced 'quick' output. Those two numbers have the leading binary format: 0 (8 or 11 bits exponent) (23 or 52 bits fraction) For either 32 or 64 bit floats. Thus for a float (32 bit): 0 0 (7 bits) (23 bits) 30 bits of randomness are necessary, HOWEVER 0 01111111 is already one when the fraction is all 0s. The easiest solution I can see is to evenly drop some precision: A reference for the casting procedure: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fast_inverse_square_root#Overvi... Pseudo: uint32 randomNumber; ... set the random somehow, maybe rand() maybe /dev/urandom etc ... randomNumber &= 0x3F7FFFFF; return * (float *) &randomNumber; Now that you mention it, that would also be an issue for the technique you describe; specifiable to the rounding characteristics for truncated numbers. It's probably a better design idea to have a predictable sequence of float (like, application dependent) results and randomly select from within said sequence. In what way is this keeping the peace or beneficial to the public? Actions like the above are why many citizens do not respect the laws and those who apply them; because they are not acting in a fittingly honorable manor. So they have to become the Rats of NIMH for the experiment to be a success? Let us hope we never unintentionally go that far with an experiment. I would not want to create a cursed form of sentient life; if it is to be done it should be done to increase diversity and resistance to intelligence ending disasters. The current assumption should be that they are always targeted. This has always been the case, even before Snowden or any other events. It could also be that participating in the study addresses sources of depression by giving the subject a way that they are 'helping out' society, or are 'cared about' etc. There are probably many factors to depression which may include chemical or structural causes; however the human brain is a complex self adapting analog computer. It would be foolish to think that such a system can be reduced a single or even simple set of controlled variables. Your vanity is probably specked for something similar to 30 or 40 watt bulbs. You could replace with half as many bulbs (leaving old dead bulbs in place or using some other socket filler) that produce equivalent light to reduce the costs. Pick a 'usb stick' distro of choice (my choice is usually sysrescuecd) and boot that image off of media or virtual media if you have one of those remotely managed systems. Though it sure would be nice if said systems could pull the image off of a mirror local to the DC. Alternatively, build a similar rescue option in to your boot menu; if that's broken you've got no choice anyway. Translating idiot: they implicitly meant 'in the rest of the world' instead of 'the world' (probably wrote it that way to begin with actually... and someone else probably 'made it shorter'). I've often heard the phrase 'English borrowed' in relation to words obtained from other languages. English needs to /steal/ and should have stolen in all such cases. Sure, take how the thing is said and even the meaning, but strictly adhere to a single simple set of rules without exceptions for encoding that verbal language to written form and for decoding it back to speech. I refuse to participate in these wastes of my time (I have far more entertaining things to waste my time with). I do, however, make every effort to exercise my right to vote so that I earn the privilege of 'complaining' about results I dislike (what I voted for didn't win, what I voted for sold us out, the thing I wanted to vote for wasn't an option because of gerrymandering (which is what any form of distracting is)). Remembering that there's no possible way we could know how many years away a thing is; the numbers are clearly a guesstimate. They're more of a rounded (hence the clustering at or away from given numbers) measure of the remaining 'effort' versus 'difficulty'. Very likely there is some absolute time required (experiments take time to run), but throwing more people (and more importantly, more resources to run experiments and gather data) at the problem /would/ get to an end result faster (though how much faster is open to debate; it's sort of like asking how much effort does it take to win a top 30th percentile prize from a lottery). Do you use other data to correlate locations that might have different offsets at different times? (EG; slightly pressurized buildings with forced air circulation or vehicles in motion?) Or are such offsets too minuscule to notice? Duplication is a form of forward error correction. You would be amazed what various broken tools can produce for filenames. UI issues; on display format all /printing display elements/ (including spaces as spaces and things that look like whitespace but aren't spaces) with readable glyphs, or those numeric standins for non-rendering glyphs. The very worst enemy operates on the belief that they are helping you/the majority. The only way to win against such an enemy is to educate them on the error of their ways. Support transparency. Support sunset clauses (continue to justify a thing is necessary). Support full accountability. I had thought this was already discussed given that I usually see stories on Hacker News before other sites (and thus that I'd missed the discussion of this topic). Assuming this is a new posting; while I agree this is good from the perspectives of what IBM appears to consider it's core business and also from the viewpoint of having stronger competition among third party foundries I am curious about an aspect that was mentioned but not well discussed on those other stories. "With IBM essentially bowing out of everything other than R&D and GlobalFoundries licensing Samsung’s 14nm process rather than licensing IBM’s or developing their own, Samsung is now the strongest member in a party of 2. How GlobalFoundries and Samsung continue this relationship – and more importantly GlobalFoundries’ role as a developer versus a customer/licensee – remains to be seen." (Ref: http://www.anandtech.com/show/8631/globalfoundries-acquires-... ) How does this reflect competition between these third party foundries used by Intel's competition on many fronts (AMD and various embedded system/mobile device chipset manufacturers) with respect to narrowing or eliminating the process node advantage? I think your rough list is... Apple Google Microsoft (in terms of how lucrative developing for a given platform seems). I like how Blackberry is considered 'effectively dead'; I've felt the same way since they failed to react to the iPhone. I believe that reflection upon these results is critical to any attempt at raising the economic productivity of a region. It seems clear that infrastructure, education, and business development incentives (even if only in making it easier to found and afford to fail at making a go of a small business) are critical ingredients to economic vitality. "push 'tombstone' record to invalidate cache" For that /alone/ this is technically superior and that's frosting on the cake. Now if only we could also get DNS servers to reply with similar packages of useful data. At a glance this appears to be running linear reads of memory with different alignments and performing the same work. Thus the only difference between the two for any algorithm which fits within (even L1 cache in this case) would be a single additional memory read. The most fascinating aspect of this is that he sounds like an absolutely ordinary guy 'just following orders'; it's likely what he actually was and has been. The evil of legitimizing immoral actions is that they become what is, within that context, justice. This is the best that normal people can understand... unless you trick them in to being smart. Voters, thanks to mainstream media, understand the concept of 'voting off' or expressing whom they have the most dis-approval for. Thus get voters to construct a ranking from least to most liked; which you can invert to get the most to least liked. IRV also has poor behavior in the process for selecting whom to remove. My personal solution for that is to remove 'winners' until all that's left is a single candidate; that is the candidate that failed to win any election possible in that round and the one to drop. Re-calculate until there are the target number of candidates left and you have the set of IRV plurality winners (I wasn't even aware of the term plurality until CGPGrey's wonderful series on voting brought up the methods of voting in Robert's Rules of Order). You're asking for a persistent first class function; write it like one. Continuing that hypothetical: Most of the effects that climate scientists predict will happen as a result of increased global mean temperature are highly negative; from the extinction of many species to the loss of coastal habitats (for humans). In a non-political world we would compare the costs of climate engineering practices against the costs of taking the resulting losses from failure to act. The setup you're describing is, if at all urban, only barely so. Really on an area average you've just described a suburbs which happened to develop with a dense enough core that there is little or no 'free parking' for the businesses. It would be like me picking out the area called 'west Seattle' (one of the near by suburbs of Seattle) when I should really be talking about Seattle as the urban environment. Getting as little sleep as we do is 'un natural'. I'd argue that, including a nocturnal wandering break of some kind (as I recall hearing used to be normal prior to the widespread use of electricity) around 10 hours of darkness (on average) and 'rest at night' would be what we evolved as being setup for. To instead push the boundaries to midnight or later (as I tend to want to do my self) and then to be required to get up before even 8AM is really not leaving enough time for good rest. It doesn't help that the area I'm in is closer to the 49th parallel than the 45th and also has easterly mountains; thus making natural sunrise artificially later. It's no wonder Seattle has such a caffeine addiction. Even if this does work, all it validates (measures) is the accuracy of guessing outcome. It does not (as mentioned via reference to global score) actually measure what the best odds for likelyhood are. The system also does not account for new entry in to the surgical field, nor doctors changing in skill and accuracy over time (the data doesn't have aging parameters). Forward security typically means you make it possible, after the session is complete, for anyone to have said anything during the session. Thus making it possible for any potential log of said session to be forged and presented as 'evidence'; therefore implying that even a log which happens to exist on someone's computer is in fact forged (or more to the point, that any potentially recovered log or monitored log is forged; even if an identity has signed off on the session key). So if 'PFS' was used with a sent message then anyone/everyone would be able to read or forge the message. This is not the problem that PGP/OpenPGP was designed to solve. No, you should have written an array of values to begin with. Coercing data types is surely more wrong than taking the most recently supplied value for a given key in a map. Or just outright make this the equivalent of high school, but for students that actually /want/ to be there, instead of whom are /required/ to be there. That, and sports distractions instead of academic pursuits, are the most grievous reasons 'High School' isn't fulfilling the role that '2 years of community college' is supposed to provide. It's easier for things that are written in broken ways that work best with Apache because that's the only platform they targeted. I choose not to smoke or drink my self. What others decide to do to themselves within a safe context that does not endanger my self or others is the business of the consenting adults involved as long as it is only them involved. I fully support legalizing, regulating, and taxing everything . Some things might be too dangerous to allow outside of carefully setup environments. There will of course be things that someone could come up with which shouldn't be allowed and obvious reasons for that. However there are vastly many things which are safe, or dangerous mostly because they are not legal, and may be interesting that are not presently legal in many places. Open book, large project 'tests'. Do the job, make the thing, etc. If you have to observe the process. Different meaning of 'time'. Why can't we have two scales of 'time', one for marking what we'd now call 'absolute time' (an arbitrary clock that is the same all over, E.G. UTC) and another for 'time of day' (in a given location); they should also be displayed uniquely so that it's not possible to confuse one with the other. Let's pick an arbitrary time. As a high tech society no longer ruled by sun dials we should instead make the start of the scale 'dawn' (on average). 'noon' would be at 25% of that scale, 'sunset' at 50%, midnight at 75% and 'dawn' again would be 100%/0% where it loops. I think 00 Monday might be good shorthand for 'dawn' Monday, though most would still say 'dawn Monday', however 10 Monday would be a good marker for when you might want to meet someone for your daily dose of caffeine. 40 through 60 might be when you'd prefer to eat dinner. This makes me want a Tesla. That company actually seems to hire qualified engineers given the failure modes it's had in the exceedingly rare cases of accidents that have thus far made the news. Agreed. As I see it there are two main design methods for overcoming this issue. The first is better for 'anonymous' services; require the client to send a packet of the same size as the buffer they want to receive. It's network in-efficient but for small requests better than the delay in setting up an actual session. It eliminates the chance of amplification attacks. The second is to establish /some/ kind of session. This might be as 'simple' as logging in, or it could just involve a few round trip communications that indicate the client /is/ listening to server replies. That eliminates every DDoS style except for a man in the middle capable amplification vectors; yet if MitM is possible then why bother with DDoS. How about just measure entropy based on some criteria (using things from different sets MIGHT count as entropy for each new unique set) and letting the end user decide what goes in to the password and how long it is? Think about what you've just said. How insecure is sending the password (hopefully over an HTTPS connection!) to a remote server? Those characters and stories were not (substantially) created by Disney though. Everyone else /should/ be able to make those same stories in similar media. Disney /really/ needs to be more proactive about using their brand name's trademark within advertising as the consumer protection measure as that is the intended to function of trademarks. That, BTW, is what is stopping others from making a Disney(tm)'s Mickey Mouse(tm) in steamboat willy(c, expired); and not stopping others from making a more generic 'mouse piloting a steam boat' movie. I would do, 30 years, in increments of 10 years. The first 10 'automatic' and registration not required. The two extensions requiring substantial (say a flat filing fee of 100 USD plus 1% per year from creation (per year) of proceeds on use/sales paid as a tax) payment, submission of a 'master copy' of the work (in the clear) and a clear and easily looked up way of determining if that work was in fact extended. Extension searches would, BTW, be free as the database of titles, authors, dates, etc would be public bibliographic information. It's 'fake' in the same sense that 'investing' in say, trading cards or some other good mostly backed by the interest of the public to buy it is. In fact, it's very much like stock for quantities of stock too small to have a meaningful impact on corporate operations. The short answer is yes; such operating systems are required to run Docker, LXC and other approaches which all utilize similar tools. I'm not that familliar with Docker but looking at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Docker_%28software%29 it is built on the same resource isolation features as LXC which I am using on two of my test systems. The resource isolation features are, in fact, built on top of a large multi-user system, which happens to have powerful security context support and abstractions built in. The contained applications operate, from a userspace perspective, as if they are their own system when in reality their kernel is actually the host kernel and their users really virtually re-mapped to distinct accounts within the host kernel. It's worse over here in the US. At least in Europe the paper doesn't require a different shelf height when dealing with printed materials from 'across the pond'. I would find it ever so sensible if we would just let imperial measures die over here so we could end the pain of international business. Entering the address of 'all zeros' should probably transparently redirect to localhost. (If you're listening on all addresses, that should be the one; it should probably be treated as equivalent to a 302 redirect. (IE it should educate the user that the provided URI is being handled as localhost.)) I'd also like a shorter notation for 'this is not a search' I think ending a word in / is probably good enough for that? The difference is that 0.0.0.0 represents all addresses, while localhost is /one of/ those addresses. In response to the question of 'typical use', I think that it also depends on the context of birth control. There are types of birth control which are somewhat passive; they are renewed at a pre-defined interval which is not related to intercourse. Therefore, considering other types which are only necessary to be applied during the window of intercourse, 'normal use' might reasonably include times where that was the /plan/ but for which the users 'forgot'. I hadn't, looks like an hour of two of amusement. While there are some occasional good points that could be converted in to solutions, I can't help but think that this book is more amusement than actual constructive criticisms well packaged. It's easier if you think of it like a database NULL. There are only three possible outcomes. - Increase the death rate (war, disease, etc) - Establish an equilibrium and plan for a given number of living beings, preventing the formation of new ones until there are free resources. (Attempting to defy this will lead to the previous or next outcome.) - Expand in to new areas to provide more SPACE! Thank you. Adding the temporal domain and system states is what makes this easy to understand. At the time of selection you freeze the probability of the sets (as this is the macroscopic world and the implications of the state in the other rooms must have collapsed due to interactions with all sorts of radiation from the rest of the universe). Thus what you say is exactly correct. * T0 - {1/3} {1/3} {1/3} * T1 - {1/3 Your pick} {2/3 = {1/3} + {1/3}} * T2 - {1/3 Your pick} {2/3 = {0/3 Host Pick} {2/3 Remaining door}} This is an entirely valid point. The 'natural resources' that enable /easy/ development of civilization aren't anywhere near as common, if they even exist. What's necessary is a more adaptive approach and possibly some caches of resources that would be necessary to bootstrap once again; also a form of storage which won't degrade in just a few hundred years. It seems satire is lost on you. That seems optimistic. I'm in the category where I don't need ads, I need timely and well categorized (machine sortable; accurate) results for product requests that I have when I discern a need. I don't fell bad at all about running an adblocker because I would never have clicked on the ad to begin with (it also saves bandwidth and eyebleach); unobtrusive well placed and related text ads /might/ remind me of a need I had been meaning to fill. Don't people just sample the market to find out a brand that is to their tastes (performs as desired) and then keep buying it while the price is still of value? The average voter feels a burger/taco/burrito is tastier and 'American'. The average voter probably has also not had /good/ experiences with salads that are actually tasty for reasons other than bacon. (Can we PLEASE stop adding bacon to /everything/ (at least as a default?); some of us just don't like the smokey taste.) While I don't notice it because I, by default, deny all scripts. Minecraft is fun. However I'd clearly state that Minecraft, especially the early multi-player stuff that Notch worked on, /was/ a disaster. Only now, three numbering schemes later (alpha, beta, release), in release version 1.8, does the core game actually have features such as abstracting implementation IDs from object types (EG: now there is minecraft:glass to resolve instead of remembering decimal value 20. Though mods for r1.8 are only just beginning, so that scoping might not yet exist.) Fixing 5 requires the elimination of districts and restructuring across a popular vote. At the scale of the US Federal government, this would require some form of automation to help inform voters of which candidates are on their short list (given preferences they've expressed). Ideally this calculation could be performed on computing hardware that the end user owns and trusts (be that a cell phone, or a RISC-V system with a fully open stack from layout through firmware to OS; this BTW is the only type of hardware that I would consider to be audit-able for inclusion in an assisted /paper trail/ (for recounts and etc) instant tally at close voting system.) 'virtual stickers' == 'virtual scarcity' Many of the points seemed good and worthy of examining when considering policies locally, however that is one idea that I really think needs to die. Indeed, and now() is often good enough, if not better, as it represents the conditions at the time that the logic was executed. The author needs to examine carefully why a value is being updated so many times within a single transaction (first example provided), which by it's own nature is an atomic change (there's no reason to write the middle states to disk as it'll either commit or it won't). Second the author provides a multiple clients (writers) example. In this case if the ordering is important a LOCK is likely required; however it is more likely that consistency is required (in this case likely the psql specific functions). Which is a report on the report in which animals were harmed. Let us remember them as martyrs to science and the knowledge required to preserve many more intelligent lives in the future. The Forge and FML 'mods' are effectively the defacto modding API at this point. Sure, something official might be released, or maybe MS will do what Mojang should have done and somehow integrate this project in to the core; however at this point the modding community has momentum. As someone who's put an ed25519 key on github... I'm not actually sure (didn't verify). I also still have compatibility keys there, I merely installed it so that, opportunistically, it could be used when supported. Today, maybe not so much. However as we become a space-fairing species knowing the limits to which things must be designed (examples, blast shutters in films/anime and self-sealing blobs from scifi/anime) will help. Knowing the causes of death might also enable a better focus for pre/post treatment and medical research/supply staging. What, in your opinion, SHOULD he have done? Keeping in mind the contents of the very article we are commenting on. I think it would make a -lot- more sense for the banks to be open from 'just after lunch' until normal close time on the weekends, than 'why are we open this early' until lunch. The problem is entirely with how the 2008 bailouts were structured. There wasn't actually any market /correction/. I agree this seems reasonable and sane. However there are types of programs which aren't well covered by a test (demo) or set there of. Sometimes the program is being written to learn a value which is unknown, or for which a simplified example having success insufficiently tests the validity or scalability of the software. Tests in those cases may work at a unit level, but still provide insufficient insight in to the soundness of the overall results. To put this another way; as mentioned by the fence post example another poster above mentioned. If you label the fence posts with numbers, from 1 to N, the value at a given address along the length of the fence is the distance from the start of the fence. In this case 0 posts from the start is the value 1. What makes this confusing is the arbitrary choice of the value of the object at location 0. Dijkstra does a reasonable job of explaining why logically beginning numbering at 0 makes sense for the index/address, but does not reasonably explain that the fault in the logic of those whom would count an item is failing to use that logically derived index/address as the identity of the object. That is, the numeric id of the object at address 0 should also be 0, not 1, as many assume it should be based on the conventions that were instilled in basic education. The issue is also compounded by NIMBY people and clueless politicians preventing the construction of newer, safer, reactors and the correct operations of older ones until replacements are complete. A lot of those are actually just task specific business logic style applications in scripting languages (often python, sometimes perl, etc). In this case the 'library' is often the base programming language it's self, as the shipped parts are entirely glue and configuration. I too tried to test if it was only one pair that was significant. However I grew impatient and didn't try to come up with more tests when I thought I had a sufficient answer to explain my most vexing observation (negative, positive, positive out of combinations involving negative numbers). The observation to brainstorm for ways of proving that a statement is in fact wrong, and exhausting them, is such an eloquent way of wording the hunt for a negative. As someone a bit over 30; exactly this. The numbers do NOT add up and haven't at any point in my life. Then there's also the job stability issue as well; who wants to buy a house or start a family when you don't know you'll be somewhere for years? Also with many family units having two workers, what happens when one doesn't have a job? None of our social structures (including laws and tax incentives/disincentives) or market valuations reflect the necessary liquidity imposed by current job market. I happen to think that more nicely constructed MDUs are a good housing option (insulation could always be better). Sounds like that situation isn't going to change soon, and you should probably sell out earlier rather than later. Working within the constraints of a lower level language where it's difficult (you could use a struct, often in a typedef, but then all callers would need to unpack/work with it...) to return arbitrary tuples of data. Salmon makes for /very/ tasty sushi (I prefer the nigiri variety). Reversing the sides of the table does not make the 'game' fair. You did not read that wrong. The performance tanked because the working set now required a disk hit. Each, and every, query, required a disk hit. That many IOs/sec, irrespective of the size could be enough. About all I gleaned from reading it was a big list of reasons why 'RESTful' is bad, and that the main solution was to use HTTP(s) as purely a transport layer. What, exactly the 'solution' will look like depends on future posts... however https://xkcd.com/927/ (Standards) comes to mind. In my own observation, based on mostly the lower end Samsung SSDs (840/840 evo) in desktops and laptops at home and work, the SSDs I've been using (one even failed) appear to have problems reading back 'very stale' (year or two old) data. I've recently been backing them up, using the 'ATA security erase' (I'm doubtful this is really a security erase instead of 'factory re-trim' erase) command, and then restoring the backup. This appears to improve read performance, and I hope it also allows the drive to continue operating for it's intended lifetime. I hypothesized this might help after observing that magnetic hard disks also exhibited a recovery of read performance after a 'non-destructive write test' using the badblocks program. Indeed, that was my guess as well given the performance improvements re-writing the data. The facebook study also observes to another potential source for the performance variation. According to the paper on /some/ tested drives the presence of trimmed data (such as through OS updates/etc) could lead to more complicated re-mapping patterns and thus a longer tree search when finding the correct block to read. However that doesn't correlate well with the observed speed at which the backups were reading data over time. The read speed was highly variable; with an extremely slow initial portion that would likely correlate well to stable windows install files. First, the reason is because this whistle blowing was /necessary/ due to a /lack of oversight/ and to a lack of eventual release for that oversight to the public. Second, we don't know the number of potential documents, nor how they may have been divided among those to whom they were disseminated. Addressing the first point, it should take work and review, on an ongoing basis, to re-affirm the classification of that material. By default there should be a /reasonable/ and /short/ expiration time. If it costs too much to keep those secrets than that in and of it's self is a reason for not HAVING so many secrets to keep! The cost, otherwise, is to our freedoms; to the very liberty for which our government is supposed to be protecting. I'd argue that the unit liter was chosen as a nice power of 10 relation to a cubic meter (the obvious initial choice) as being the best for 'every day' common person transactions. Take a bottle of water, most commonly the sold sizes are 0.5 (about 16oz) and 1 liter bottles; a liter is also pretty close to a quart. As another example, it is common to find soda pop sold in bottles of 1, 2, and 3 liters (depending on the brand). Re parent: ~365.25 does not relate at all well to bases of 10, or much else. We can actually thank existing social patterns including religions for locking us in to a '7 day week' which is what many calendar systems try to promote. With (roughly) every 4 years also containing an extra day of correction (the solar orbital period is not quite 365.25 days) the concept of 'leap days' is necessary anyway. 360: 2 2 2 3 3 5 The IFC picks the 364 route, and puts the leap day in the middle of the printed year. The decision of where to put that date is pretty arbitrary, but probably based around a 'summer holiday'. 360 is 5 away from the closest integer orbital period of earth. Therefore 5 'extra days' (likely holidays) would need to be added. 5 is also a factor. It would either make sense to have an extra 5 day period as one long holiday set, or an extra holiday spread out through the year 5 times, though arguments for otherwise could be made. 7 and 360 get along poorly though. We'd probably also want to keep '12 months' for sanity/existing contractual structures (esp since we can't be in units of 10), and having 'months' close to current months seems to be an advantage. Taking 2 * 2 * 3 out of the factor set, we're left with 2 * 3 * 5 for each month. Stepping aside for a moment, let's examine a 'perfect' 28 day month in the IFC/current calendars. 2/7ths (0.285714) of the time is 'weekend' time. I'd propose a 10 day 'week' in the new time, I also think 2 days in a row off of work is advantageous, and I think that this time should be time 'normal workers' can expect to share off. I think that this number might actually grow over time as we increasingly approach a more Utopian society based around automation and abundance. The 10 day 'week' would begin with the following structure. * 2 days of work * 4 day period of 3/4th work (on each of these days about 1/4th of workers would have an 'erands' day) * 2 days of work * 2 days off work - weekend On this schedule half the workers would get a 2+5 or 5+2 and the other half would get 3+4 or 4+3; all workers on a 'standard' shift would also see 0.3 weekend time, a slight increase. The extra 5 holiday days could either be divided somehow over the year, or used up all at once as a burst half-week holiday. The necessary leap year correction would be added to one of those periods as a holiday as well. Since this is another example of a 'standards proposal', someone must have thought of this before... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/French_Republican_Calendar This link seems to do a decent job of discussing some of the other aspects of converting to a 10 day calendar (many of which also exist for the IFC) http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/is-it-time-to-over... This type of news reminds me of that scene from the first (live action) Transformers movie where the girl hacker is telling the three-letter suit types that they need to be thinking in a whole other level of technology in order to understand their adversary. I suppose though, that this means if you have /critical/ security things it really just means you need to have the kind of physical security you hear about in scifi and fictional spy game settings. Not just plain airgaps, but proper Faraday cages, and even vibration dampening (for servers too, not just 'meeting rooms'). Probably even thermal regulation so that there's always /consistent/ output. The article mentions a comparison of spending and effect on outcome. Establishing that there seems to be a decided minimum effort required to educate a child to any degree; but that past that point there are examples of other countries having /more/ success with less funding spent (than the US). I think more granularity of data in that statistic would be useful; is this money actually being spent on the child or is it instead being squandered within a bureaucratic structure? Or does some externality that is a cost in one model but not the other left out of view? Why I drive to work and don't take the bus: * The bus still takes longer (2-3 times as long) This might change, but only if normal traffic gets worse. * Loss of freedom I have the option of visiting friends/family in other locations if I drive. Loss of freedom is also related to the very poor intra-networking; the entire transit system in the area is designed as a star pattern for getting workers to the city. * Commuting in a carpool is hard when you aren't a shift worker: your hours and those of other workers aren't the same, you might not even have multiple workers from the same area at a small company. * Commuting in a carpool is hard when you aren't a full time worker: (I don't have this problem, but friends do) if your hours aren't consistent or you might be called in at a moment's notice. I think the answer to all of this is flexible pooled transit. Probably an extension of what we know of today as taxi/ubur; but much more Johnny Cab (80's Total Recall). I think you're not thinking critically enough in interpreting what he had said. More or less, he had said 'I felt it was unhealthy 7 years in advance'. The actual 'prediction' was only a year or two from the event in question; 'the market didn't make sense' and reacting to that. Fines should go directly to a federally recognized not-for-profit. This is how repaying the community for a fine-able offence could be made. Also they should be /on top of/ damages. (In the case of most non-accident traffic matters, the 'damages' are non-existent.) It would obviously send the data out twice; but once would be over the cell network and the other time over WiFi. Doing so would also help with the far more common Cell<>WiFi transition cases. However as the phone still only has once Cell radio set it would not help with transition between communication bands or carriers. Since the accounting that actually matters (to Google) is at the data center and based on the way that peering agreements work, I suspect Google would actually find /incoming/ data to be either unimportant or even a benefit to their overall cost operations based on bringing their usage closer to equal. The consumer would only normally care about the cell min used; unless their local ISPs have zero competition (see 90%+ of America). While they may be related by the subject of WW-II, the eastern portion of WW-II does not belong within this threading; the cultures, circumstances, and interactions are different. There are many things that our ancestors; on either side of that conflict, did which we can find moral fault in. Likely multiple rich threads of discussion are required to fully explore the special circumstances of that particular set of actions in their historical context; but this article is not the place for such a discussion. What would make things /really/ fast is optimizing an ad based around what brought a person to the page, rather than anything in particular about that person. In other words, use referers to figure out if they came in based on keywords from a search engine (ads targeted more towards that, but still biased to the page viewed) or otherwise just based on the content of the page. That's it; the first can be quickly memoised across a set of common terms for a page (and while doing so the faster content of page based results can be served instead). No more silly tracking, just showing what someone is likely to be interested in at that moment. Speaking of gender equality, neither he/she nor she/he (though I've been told by those who've focused on that in college that both are correct) is equal. True equality is the use of singular they; though they is really a set of any (unspecified) size. I am quite thankful to those who did the right thing. However at the same time, this same process is used for evil quite often; as the US Congress clearly provides many examples. The problem is that our society is unwilling to actually step back and look at the root problems so we know where to expend energy most effectively at providing solutions. Our social problems are ones that no single magic bullet can fix (except in the sense of destroying the problem by ending it all). If we want to be an advanced society we need to understand that every issue is a symptom. There is no one single cause, no one single solution. There are many contributing factors and each needs it's own solution that incentives the outcome we'd prefer to see. Why is someone homeless on the street? Is it because housing is too expensive, there aren't enough jobs, they lack the skills for jobs that do exist, are they suffering from untreated illnesses (including mental), or is it some combination of those plus other issues that I didn't happen to list. The above issues are also not in themselves entirely the causes of those issues. Our society is a complicated web of situations, and failure is both always an option and omnipresent among endeavors. Go one better. Provide them all of those things, as well as /a/ job (not necessarily one they're trained in) as well as time for and inclusion at, training for jobs that are open. I imagine that maintenance of public infrastructure is a thing which won't go away any time soon. If you define the above as a poverty line (and the re-education time slot is also usable for personal crafts/recreation/etc) then you've also very nicely defined a minimum wage which must be beaten. Providing the apartments at a monetary level in areas also defines a value level for housing in a given area, which is one way of eliminating price gouging (or at least giving added value when it is done). Only if you're not using a superior playback option, like livestreamer. It's the annoying times when your system forces you in to single user mode for repairs, and you have to enter something... or else boot up a rescue disk (the proper solution) to fix it, that make having a root password at all a sometimes good idea. Really though, that rescue disk sounds like a better idea every time I think about the situation. As I recall from my time in public schooling institutions, the presence of students that really didn't want to be there taught me mostly two things. 1) 'Respect my authoritah' (from (some) of those running the place, but enough that it was learned) 2) What I imagine (and thankfully have never verified!) are the skills necessary to survive in jail. Everything else I learned by reading ahead in the books, or from science programming before those television channels became infected with reality TV nonsense. Who says you need escrow services for that? Store your N'th fragments with /friends and family/ that you know well. You might also be able to get in on distributed backups together. I tend to have about 50 or so tabs, per /window/ (it's time for a new one when I can't see the faveicon anymore). I tend to have about 250-300 tabs open in total. Various things I mean to get back to, reference material for projects that I've paused working on, etc. In general when it costs you nothing to keep a photocopy of a reference on your desk, the desktop becomes nothing but photocopies of reference materials. I don't do it on the same basis, but I do have decay batches like that. I'll buy a bunch of undergarments that are frequently used so that there's a whole generation. When I feel a need based on function I buy a new generation. If the old generation still has some service life it becomes 'houseware' (the 'holy' stuff worn only about the house). Socks usually get culled completely once they have a hole of any size (evicted from the generation), while new generations tend to happen when parts wear too thin for comfort in shoes. As we had to pick /two/ numbers, and eventually the set will be released, I don't want to get too close to identifying my self based on these numbers. I chose two numbers that had some (basic) meaning to me and quickly came to mind. They were not related in any way to the month or day in month of any birthdays. I actually would like to comment here. My personal definition for (an unqualified) sandwich is that there must be two /isolated/ 'bread' sides surrounding a payload (the 'meat' of the sandwich). As a quesadilla is often made folded I at first disqualified it; however not /all/ quesadillas are folded. Some are actually made with two individual tortillas. Thus it is close enough to a sandwich to be expressible as a member of that class, while the others that are similarly close are always made with single pieces of bread (cut in the middle) and thus, they are not in fact sandwiches as it is not optional to select different types of bread for the two sides (even though I've /never/ seen anyone do this; it's still /possible/). I wanted to answer something in this class... Except that's no longer random. Back in the days when there were bad proprietary IDE controller chipsets that enumerated differently under Linux than they did windows... Well, as a kid I clobbered my windows install while trying to destructively check the validity of a disk. Checks to see if a filesystem is mounted won't protect you if it isn't. Since then I've been -extremely- careful for any destructive operation on block devices, and generally careful otherwise. Also, I don't know if blkid existed at the time, but it's /very/ useful in avoiding those types of mistakes. As I /really/ don't want to search those terms in order to confirm it... I'm just going to point out that it seems like meatysnapper is saying: Alfa sub hulls were done (, welded using,) plutonium (welding) rods; according to their memory. Not, as another reply speculates, made out of plutonium rods (which sounds silly from all sorts of perspectives). You mean like per process time spent active on a CPU? You could poll that ever so often and log the results to a database if you actually cared; but the act of measuring changes the results... I think you might want to make a distinction between a stream packet and a completed message. If you're going for telnet compatibility then you'll want to terminate packets in CR+LF, but possibly expect to see only CR or LF from the client (ASCII mode). Your stream could either be stateful (a message is always sent complete and in order, even if it takes multiple stream packets) or stateless* (different messages might have stream packets consecutively). It would be more future proof if you started with a message grammar and then defined your protocol on top of that. When was the last time that you, a practicing professional in an industry that has patents, actually used a filed patent's data to solve a problem (which wasn't perpetuated by the existence of said patent in the first place)? I'm worried about friends, family, and small businesses that run Windows with install updates set to automated mode... Shouldn't Microsoft be signing updates so that redirection attacks don't work? Edit: Elaborating on my question; I mean much more like Linux distributions which sign both packages (updates) and the index of those files. Some distributions use multiple hashs/digests to make collision attacks far less likely to succeed. Such an attack could be either the traffic at layer 3 redirected via router compromise, via some name resolution weakness (possibly even to localhost as a way of malware upgrading from being able to edit the hosts file to having system level services). The signing of both the update files and the list of updates could offer protection from an attack that would thus need to be valid for all of the signature checks, not just a single check. Who do you think is making money on running this system? Surely someone is, that's why (in their view) it's 'successful' everywhere... (Successful being to extort the upper middle class for an unfair share of taxes, and regressively dis-enfranchise everyone under them by making their commutes worse so those 'lucky few' can pay a premium to drive at least 45MPH.) The real solution, as pointed out above, involves incentives for desired behavior from all actors via taxes/tax breaks (stick/carrot). Parties that should be affected include businesses, employees, housing providers, and civic planners on all levels. The true cost of living rural should be felt (you should /pay/ for your share of the infrastructure required to provide /you/ with modern services; but you should /get/ them, including actual /good/ Internet). The true cost of employing should be felt (pay for the infrastructure to get workers to you, and for the education that trained them). Housing should be more consistently priced, in city and out, and should also scale up large enough to have 'raise a family well' sized dwellings. Also while you're at it, discount taxes slightly for better auditory insulation (or make it a side effect of /awesome/ fire codes). This way workers would be more likely to be able to afford to live, and thus move closer to their jobs. With the lack of 'lifetime employment' at a company, responsible living is now an apartment, not a house. It will, in a few years. The plans are already set and they've held the public meetings on it where the public doesn't get any chance to change the plans. Greed is the problem. You're missing the point. The answer to number 2 is to be more than your job. To leave work /at work/. I read this the other way. That the post you're replying to here was saying 'flip the table around and try to read the experience from the other side'. Are the engineers really flat and without life, or is it that the venn diagram of their mutual interests has a very small overlap and neither is particularly good at figuring out how to engage the other? The solution is increasing the supply (which is how you actually drive down prices). The real solution, as you point out, is fixing the supply. The reason the rent is too damn high is that the market has insufficient supply. You can encourage buildings with more store frontage near the market level(s) and more housing above by offering economic incentives (possibly with conditions like rent control) until you reach a more desired outcome. PS: While you're doing this please also include civic funding mandates. More transit, parking areas (maybe free parking transit PnRs at the edge?, better designed surface and skybridge interlinks. Parks (public and private, maybe roof top?) as well. A better question is why do we even have 'High Frequency Traders'? Wouldn't the market be better served by a window structure with a scale on a more human timespan? Say a 5 min process in which: * for 4 min orders are taken in confidential secret. * there is a 1 min blackout window in which no orders are taken, and in which any results of settling the outcome of orders is not published. * At the end of that period the new results are published. (It doesn't matter who reacts first, it's who reacts best.) The profit between what sellers are asking for and what the buyers are willing to pay still needs to be accounted for. This could be the market's operating fee (the cost of the sale's commission), it could be attributed to the government as a form of sales tax, it could be returned in some way to the parties involved (buyers pay less, sellers earn more), other, or some combination of the above. How about the impact of automation on jobs. Will this finally mean that we have robots perform more of the drudgery work? Maybe a return to artisans lovingly crafting luxury goods? That game has really taught me how poorly most drivers algorithms probably are. A lot of that is probably a lack of visibility about the actual conditions ahead of the drivers. I wonder how that would change if the actual cost (in time to that driver) of each potential route were known; even if that is in current time costs? (IE how would they operate if they had real time traffic enabled GPS?) Also, their refusal to bypass turning sims is inane. The entire problem is that people look at the effect (Full roadways) and fail to see the related causes (the rent is too ed high (because we aren't building enough valid working and living (not just homes) spaces in the city)). Even for physical products this is the wrong goal for success. For physical products https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Continual_improvement_process#... is a good place to start. For intelligent creatures, instilling the ability to choose and learn about new topics at will, to filter bad information from results, and to think critically about the application of topics is a bare minimum set of tools. With that background, and a rich library of documentation, it should be possible to interweave the classical educational aspects in to a cohesive narrative that teaches history, engineering, math, general science, language and reports. School should be a lot more like an expanded version of Connections with James Burke. It can also be placing a file of authentication data at a chosen resource location within the domain in question. (which is, I think, what their tool automates doing) Part of that 'just works' is polish. However it is disingenuous to discount the uncounted thousands of hours of training //per worker// in products with nearly identical look and feel (prior year's versions). This is a result of the /monopoly/ that they have had for decades. You mean if you're trying someone of a crime related to a profession at least SOME of the jury should be trained in that profession? (I'd go for at least a third, or slightly less than half (half minus one) of 'closely related fields'.) Next thing you know you'll be encouraging parents to drink more so that the correct ratio of alphas to epsilons happens. The fact that you just said this, in this context, shows me how clearly embedded the AM/PM 'standard' is for people. Though that doesn't mean it's still a good idea to use it for meetings. It just signals to me that the only way of displacing this imprecise messy standard is to teach people to schedule meetings differently; and to have their smartphones display both the AM/PM time, and the standard meetings time. Unfortunately that would probably still be as a 'timezone', and if we're doing that it may as well just be UTC since every timezone library I've every used already has that and best of all is only off by a few seconds at most without updates. (Close enough for applications that care about timezones instead of leap seconds.) Updated: Having read the article, my own opinions miss a feature of libraries that I had forgotten existed. Human search aids that can better translate the questions of humans in to the domain of curated information that they might also maintain. I am happy to see that I was mistaken in my belief that they would be talking about just books, given their domain name. -- the remainder is my thoughts prior to reading the article. -- For me, it begins with asking, what is a library? If you ask any normal person they'll start talking about books. Books are just one medium for storing, preserving, and disseminating information. A library should be about more than books. A library is a temple for worship of and enlightenment through information; for some of the very aspects that separate us from our ancient ancestors and even more so from the other creatures that live in the ecosystems we share. Libraries can, and should, be repositories and distribution points for information, in all forms and medias. A library should be a well connected hub, not just for books, but also our networks. A library is where local content should be cached, and remote content mirrored. A library should work /with/ local not-for-profits of all types who share the goal of spreading education, enlightenment, and progress in the useful arts of science. More than that; you're forgetting about locale specific DST rules. It is increasingly common for DST to be observed at different times in different countries. Then there are also places (such as Arizona) that don't observe DST at all as well. This is a mess that can only be solved by isolating 'meeting' and 'appointment' times from local time. For local time you might specify X on date Y, but the software should, at the time of input, convert that to an actual hard time (in UTC). Given the other replies in this discussion thread, I am inclined to believe that they are /Good Stewards/ of the design goals they have. I believe a more proper examination of 'open-souce' or even Free Libre citizens might be found in examining the license selected for their works. They chose the GNU LGPL 2.1+ license. Given their other stated beliefs, I read that they believe in allowing others to build off of this work, but would prefer those developers fork it and to begin a sister work that is more optimally coupled to another operating system. No, but I'd argue it's only slightly above basic tools, and from Mythbusters episodes have seen that it can be HIGHLY effective. I can't speak for anyone else, however I can say that the reason that I, as an American, do not own an American made car (but I do own a car made overseas) is because I have no respect for the quality of engineering, workmanship, or value that those cars offered at the time I purchased. Event today, the only American car I can truly be proud of is a Tesla; and that is because in it I see quality engineering, workmanship, and, even as expensive as they are, value. Literally the only poor things I've ever heard of relating to Tesla's involve rare owner error, more frequently error on the part of others on the highway, and occasionally a design flaw that the company owns up to and fixes. I think most people who complain that X (car company) or Y (big bank) should have been allowed to fail (controlled orderly liquidation) see it as a lost opportunity for something smaller, nimble, and filled with the vitality of new ideas to take it's place. Being allowed to fail is the fire of the ecosystem of industry; in it's wake the green sprouts of a new better thing are possible. If nothing else, the cost savings in no longer having to actually worry about that vector of data corruption are well worth the small delta in cost. I'm actually rather amazed that at least error /detecting/ ram isn't more common. I agree. Source: I hate double-flushing toilets that are trying to save water, but always end up doing it. (I often also /pre/ flush on those low flow toilets because I'm not sure the water is sufficiently clean for splashback events.) They are thankfully rare and unpredictable, but always a psychological consideration. I also don't think I'm the only one who questions the sanitation of what is left behind by others. I find it interesting that the biggest threat to installing Arch Linux on a VM... is all of the other things they installed on to the VM. Playing games, installing old and new versions of windows, all sorts of things. Even detours in to immortalizing the process of posting 'proof of life' to various places. Back before I could afford the minor increase in cost of ECC ram, and the larger cost of using RAID 1 or 5 or 6; I got bitten by this very issue in my personal hardware. Just one of many times that I've been taught. Any data that is actually /valued/ should have a backup. Redundancy in operation is more a hedge against hardware failure, and unplanned downtime. Integrity costs; pay for it. This is true everywhere. Postgrads Youth / Young workers Entry level? (Though I still don't see enough of this to actually feed the demand for experienced developers of X). This seems to be entirely: "What Silicon Valley (founders) Think(S) About Politics (and how close are they agreeing with 'general' Democrats)" I was hoping for something more generic, at least 'what tech workers in silicon valley think' (given YC), not how a bunch of talking points line up to other talking points; but an actual sample of, 'here is a problem, what do you think the best solution(s) are?' (then ranked totaling them). It also has that new media style that I /hate/ on websites, where there's some full-screen image delineating sections. Yet they absolutely cannot serve you some clean simple web page, it HAS to have full, you must scroll through them, big images and dynamically placed text. I think this is partly a knowledge problem. People don't have knowledge that this even really exists, or what the expenditures they're asked to fund are actually providing (or not providing as the case might be). A transparent (open) budget from taxes to payment might help, as well as an easy way to compare the typical compensation for this task to others in society. At that point a more informed, and hopefully more humane, decision can be reached. Need? Nope. However it's a total non-starter if they can't archive email forever. Bonus, like faxing still is for some in business, today's worker (and end user) is going to force everything through that hole, because it's the magic service that just makes it work... and when it doesn't they can blame it. That doesn't fix the actual source of the problem; if traffic ingress costs you money then they're literally burning your money via that attack of attrition. The way that most of the 'protection' sites work is that they host so much aggregate traffic that it still totals out to more than the incoming attacks/normal traffic and they can literally just eat it at almost no cost (their service is doing that, and some form of filtering to keep it from reaching the actual target; the 'extra' cost for the attack is almost nothing since the processing hardware is nearly fixed in cost). The only way to handle this from a peer to peer perspective is to be able to send the electronic equivalent of 'gag orders' at hosts/ranges that are misbehaving (and have them stick, either by the other edge or by upstream providers there of). Said orders wouldn't be enough, alone, to warrant quarantine from the Internet, however a number of different sources indicating infected behavior would be. A more reasonable explanation is that irrespective of what he might /want/ to do, he doesn't actually have sufficient power to do anything about the actions, assuming he's actually being accurately briefed on the matter. It's probably more a symptom of how absolutely useless and ineffective at doing anything than consuming money to be elected for corporate interests the US congress has become. I think at this point I might actually be better served by having representatives and senators selected at /random/ from the entire populace. Good. It's too bad that this same stance can't be taken for other aspects of this industry. There just isn't market capacity in even semi-large cities for multiple convention centers so there is literally no competition at that scale and thus nothing to prevent predatory pricing and restrictions of all sorts. Also there is a tendency at the smaller scale for hotels to horizontally integrate so as to form a micro-monopoly on a 'full solution' for their building, meaning that you don't get to pick and choose different providers for different services, you only get to pick at a whole package (and availability) level. Please, the above outdated concepts, just go out of business. Couldn't you just use an actual device medium? The fact that a burnable CD should have no parts that can think actually makes using one for input and one for output probably safer (though you would then need the trusted application to include a CD/DVD burning capability). As an alternative, a 'raw' interface, such as an actual programmable flash device or maybe an SD card could work. It's in the public interest to have more population density and more units that will keep the pressure of competition high. It makes sense to provide incentive for desired development. Urban planning should balance office, housing, and retail space. The city/locality/region/nation should make those desires public, and if there is an imbalance incentive should be provided to correct it. This might be a tax incentive, or it could be financing conditional on some most units always being beneath market median as well as only a limited spread in rent difference. Planning might also want to focus on building a city at more than just a /building/ level. It makes sense to have parking at the edges and covered walkways, maybe with 'people mover' belts (like at airports and theme parks) for major routes. This would make for safer streets and more efficient pedestrian commutes. It's so difficult to keep latitude/longitude straight; which is both the reason for the correction and why I looked it up to be sure. Longitude is the measurement of east-west relative to another point of reference (the prime meridian). Latitude is the measure of angular distance from the equator. Even though the Earth isn't a perfect sphere, at this scale it's effective enough to consider it one. Latitude lines will be parallel with each other. Longitude lines converge, more closely on the greater latitude parallel. That urban planners should really have bike highways/trials. The point is, if you aren't going to do BIG, at least revive the 'new deal'. Unemployment shouldn't mean you don't have a job, it should mean you have the default job; sure that job might be underemployment and you might be underpaid relative to your skills, but you still have a job, a way of actually making the ends meet. Let's also finish the job of providing the other basic rights that a society expecting people to live in a city instead of carving their own village out of the wilderness should. Basic food, shelter, security, and health/death care. Think much more like a grenade; the dirty bomb is looking to use explosives to disperse and 'poison' an area with radioactive contamination. Feature. Progressively more difficult level design. Alternately, Feature, 100%ers can now sink untold hours polishing off those last few items they didn't quite get the first time through. I think it depends more on the intended target audience. The films you have issue with feel like they fit in well with the attention span, vibrant colors and little funny scenes for children in the 6 to 9 year old range to enjoy. I consider anything beyond that something added in to keep the parents awake and the animators sane (or functionally insane as the case might be). The second list of films you mention have emotionally moving plots and I'd consider them a good fit for the next demographic bump, roughly 9-13. I think I might have cried to a film for the first time watching ADgtH as a kid. Puella Magi Madoka Magica is definitely mature. It has intense situations, highly emotional plot, and story elements that younger humans would be less equipped to relate to. I still highly recommend watching at least the first 3 episodes. If you're still on the fence watch another 3 episodes. The third movie is new content... I couldn't resist it, but the series/first two movies are a complete story without it. Promote an over-supply of housing (many story apartments) and small consumer service establishments (ground floors) near job clusters. For mass transit to work best make it /fast/ above all else make it fast. If it takes longer to take the transit than it does to drive it's not a viable option. Another possibility for alleviating congestion is to provide parking silos at the edge of the city network and well connected local transit from them. However the best thing that can be done to end gridlock? Self driving cars save us please! No, it's a great idea. It denies them recognition and legitimacy. If we described domestic terrorists (bomb makers, mass shooters, killers, etc) as 'that waste that killed a bunch of people in X during Y' and never /ever/ published their names (in the news anyway, court transcripts would need to show them) then it would make those actions a lot less sexy. In that same way, we should also call the extremists in the middle east that; possibly picking an arbitrary flavor word that is of no relation to them just so we can make a distinction. There are /quite/ a few extremist groups in that area of the world. If we want all workers to have these benefits, why aren't we doing a 'single payer' style system where contributing to it is a form of tax dependent on worker utilization? When I saw the phrase 'Rent the Runway' I thought of airplanes and related equipment. Maybe the investors are similarly confused by this term, which was apparently a company's name even though it sounds like an action statement. I agree with the over-retailed aspect. Actual retail could mix very effectively as a lining along pedestrian paths, with domiciles above for a few tens of stories. This would pretty much also kill the concept of malls as it would be a return to the shopping arcade; in fact I'd prefer it if combustion motors were banned along the arcade and it were actually properly enclosed. If it weren't a market segmentation strategy, just like limiting the RAM capacity, then there'd be equivalent 'server' chips for most current 'desktop' feature sets and vice versa. However that is clearly not the case, both in my own shopping experience and in the experience of Jeff Atwood (this is in fact something he complains about in this very article). ECC would require running and connecting a few more traces, but that would /surely/ be offset by not having to create as many layouts or source/stock as many parts. In the past AMD used to have a competing/selling point of /all/ of their CPUs supporting ECC ram. Today that is not the case, as they too have mirrored (colluded?) Intel's market segmentation strategy. More interesting would be actually knowing /why/ this made things faster. Probably untrue. My main use case for my smartphone is watching videos while I eat lunch; audio over headphones is a requirement. Floppy discs were only used with computers. 3.5mm cables are presently the ubiquitous way for getting audio out of 'cheaper' electronics to an adapter for more professional audio situations (typically XLR). There is also a /wide/ array of hardware from other ecosystems (headphones in this case) which interact quite well with that port as they have become standards for interoperability and are dirt cheep. Wired, for all of it's potential annoyances, also has the benefit of being direct, isolated, and low power (lower than radio anyway) as well as allowing the whole system to operate off of one supply instead of also needing to worry about charging headphones. The best solution I see is standardizing on a power/data 'hub' that is a generic USB device. It would have the audio line and optionally HDMI/DVI ports that are expected while allowing for device recharging. However even that is seriously annoying. I am once again reminded that the ACLU and EFF are wonderful organizations that attempt to keep the legal system barely sane for everyone else. The context of the proposed data structure is more important for evaluating how effective it is at maximizing performance. This context includes not only the characteristics of the (typical) systems using the data layout, but also the typical use of that structure (read heavy, write heavy, some mix). The cost of memory is also an issue. For a typical end user program the bottleneck is almost always going to be the user. For larger scale programs or more performance intensive areas of a program (E.G. graphics languages or other large data operations) different tradeoffs should be evaluated. Facebook should not be the basis of a web of trust. To prevent abuse it would pretty much have to be pull based. Your area would be a website you own and control, which would have a process that on some activation polled feeds from your friends and aggregated it together for your use. Your friends might be able to hit your wall and see you do that for others; you'd control what you shared via that action. The reason that will not happen is because the average user doesn't understand their privacy, can't easily get a location they own setup like that, and doesn't exist within a web of trust (which you could roll out with this via a public key system). Maybe those problems will be solved someday when server time is so cheep that it's a shock if someone doesn't own a VM which the law would treat similarly to an apartment. I think a large source of the variability in those numbers is the (active travelers) per vehicle. It surprises me how carpooling is actually more effective than buses, but then I realize that it's a point transfer without a driver. I wonder what automated route pooling and 'johnny cab' style self driving cars would do to those numbers? What I got from watching it (during one of the political discussions in a later episode) was that the initial effort, what is seen in the opening scenes, was a combination of blind land grab and attempting to experiment with a new resource. Naturally, once the invading force had awoken the wrath of the public the SDF fought. A huge military base... you mean like Cuba during the cold war? I most frequently use List Comprehensions in a nested manor, whenever I do that I /ignore/ the normal python syntax and do this for readability. inserts = [ a + c + b for a, b in splits for c in alphabet ] It has the effect of showing the nested loops stacked like they would be in code, but without intending. I am not educated in this field, but anecdotally, I believe it comes from the more energetic movement of the atmosphere drawing coldfronts down from the polar regions more frequently. I also prefer to use the phrase 'Global Weather Chaos' rather than 'Global Warming'. Much like I also prefer the term 'Waste Reducing Reactor' to 'Breeder'. Why. Why does this even exist? It's bad enough that we aren't using hex-head but to have two different ones that look so similar an average person can't tell them apart without instructions, AND which not only fit in each other's sockets but wreck them? The end users should ideally not be prompted when they see a certificate renewed by the same CA. It should also ideally be a /renewal/ of the old one, and not an entirely new private key generated each time as well. Of course everything could be tuneable. I believe these are sane defaults. * Prompt on CA change? (Default Yes) * Prompt on private key change? (Default No IF the cached certificate is on the old CA's revocation list.) * Prompt on CA renewal? (Default No) The stuff that happened to this guy makes the precautions that 'mad eye moody' in Harry Potter took seem sensible. Never accepting /anything/ from strangers and distrusting absolutely everybody... It really makes me want to have a stronger social safety net. Designated, on the job, monitored for safety, public service workers who ensure basic aid and dignity is offered to all. It would be nice if this is what a 'peace force' did. I am honestly baffled why he had so much trouble getting a cleanly unmounted filesystem. From either Windows or Linux there are trivial tools for setting the 'check this filesystem on next boot' (if it doesn't do it then and there for you) flag. Let windows do it's check, then actually shut it down (don't suspend it). That should have been the end of that. If /that/ never works then something else is seriously messed up (at best some deeply integrated 'anti virus' software) and a re-install is warranted anyway. My typical procedure after that is to dd copy the start of the disk (up to a few 10s of MB in to the largest partition) and also the end (if GPT), re-read the partition table of the new disk, then use ntfsclone (linux command) on the big partition. If I'm feeling fancy I'll also pre-copy the end of the old NTFS partition to the same offset in the new one. AFTER booting Windows once you can grow the partition to take on the new space. My bet is until automated driving reaches a point where it can become cheaper than the insurance premium otherwise. At that point lies the critical mass where so many will buy it to save money that the price plummets towards zero/fully integrated basic requirement. At least D.C. has a metro/subway system. Seattle's own efforts are anemic, noisy, and above ground most of the time; in addition to being incredibly slow, expensive, and doing nothing to ease a complete lack of urban planning that has lead to a vast sprawl of suburbs and expensive rent in anything like city areas. I would expect that value to be highly speculative. It's like trying to ask the value of a stock/bond. A better way of aligning the tax code would probably be to have a low tax for uses which fulfill the desired criteria of the space, and a high tax (penalty tax) for deviating from that desired use. For high concentration of population urban centers (city cores) I would like to see something closer to caves of steel, where pedestrian levels share a given geographic elevation, and are setup like indoor parks/greenhouses. Building such a feature in to a building should lower the tax rate (as long as the building maintains the park along it). Limiting the vehicle size by weight is crazy. At 300lbs you're specifying nearly the bulk of a normal American adult (we have a lot of obese and nearly obese people; but a lot of strength trainers also qualify). The effort would be better spent more directly attacking the desired result; short-medium (intra small city) transit in extremely lightweight vehicles (bicycles are the traditional solution, but electric scooters are another option). Of course instead of those moving beltways might be a better use of one of the pathways (and promote walking). I think that a 'bill' should have a statement (which is not actual 'law') that clearly records the intended effects of the 'bill'. This could be seen as an executive summary. The contents of the bill that are actually the changes to the code of law would prescribe how that effect is to occur. I would also like to see bills define, in law, how they are funded (even if that is, 'this is funded from a general fund'). I think that the above should be true for every level of governance. The bill should be rejected (patch refused), in it's entirety, if any material not 'directly' related to the intended purpose of the bill is within it, or if it conflicts with existing law in a way that is not corrected by the bill's application to the law. This is what the legal system in a given jurisdiction should do. All law would automatically be reviewed for correctness and compatibility. I like how busybox cat does it, with a do while loop: https://git.busybox.net/busybox/tree/coreutils/cat.c I think they do. I also think they hire maid/butler services. zinssmeister is viewing the /approximate/ duration of a commute as a 'sunk cost' (in time) for the worker. If the jobs are all centrally located even insane real-estate and urban development practices that drive the workers out to suburbs can make economic sense once the workers are conditioned to put up with that abuse. They are saying that many, in fact most, 'local' jobs exist with relatively little opportunity cost for change. Contrast this with a hypothetical future of (E.G) New York, where in 30-50 years they've gone full caves of steel: banishing cars to the edge and having a multi-layer dense mesh of rapid electric motor powered transit and living which intermingles living, working, recreational and (deep underground) industrial productivity. There the opportunity costs might also be the same, but the cost (in time) of migrating might be less, and favor walking on moving belts for a combination of speed and exercise. That's my main issue with bitcoins (aside from how they're marketed to anyone; it is most definitely NOT anonymous!). Instead of 'proof of work' it should require actual, /useful/ work. I think it should be a mix of work /types/ to promote general purpose computing, instead of ASICs. Imagine if a comity decided, and the owners of existing coins voted on, what work was worthy of being included. Folding proteins for medical research, SETI, attacking DRM/bootloader encryption keys... things that benefit the world. It was easier to find the source page via a search engine than from the bug reporting details page... https://sourceware.org/glibc/wiki/GlibcGit https://sourceware.org/git/?p=glibc.git;a=blob;f=sysdeps/x86... https://sourceware.org/git/?p=glibc.git;a=blob;f=sysdeps/x86... It's been too long since I've done any assembly programming, but this really doesn't appear to have good documentation for maintainability; or anything resembling sufficient documentation at all. Imagine you have a user configurable buffer size. Then imagine that the user wants to throw as much ram as it takes at the problem and sets the maximum size to that value. It happens more often than you'd think. You're looking at the costs vs benefits in isolation. We'd get far more than just a trip to mars. Many of the technologies and research in to a wide range of medical fields (including long term isolation/social pressures) that are developed as a result of that endeavor would continue to pay dividends for generations after the trip. However I am very much in favor of sending robots up first; build a place to actually go to and live in, then stock it with a lower order ecosystem, and THEN send anything we forgot with the human payload. Which (including the default for windows of 4 and for *nix of 8 spaces per tab) is probably why Python went for breaking everyone's stuff if they didn't use spaces... I believe my own happiness would lessen from reading all of the text, particularly as the charts don't seem to have statistics on what I wanted to know. This report does not seem to quantify the happiness among different groups of populations within regions of countries surveyed. For example, among different members of different economic stratifications, ethnicities, religions, sexual orientations, political groupings in different regional types (cities, suburbs, rural) within the surveyed countries. That data would allow for better questions to be asked about what effects policies and demographics have in different areas. Actually the DMV in my state works a little differently (at all of the secondary businesses which perform that task under some state license system, probably notary of the republic based; I never looked in to the details). There is generally a queue for a /type/ of operation that you are doing. It's expected that the average time to service a given person receiving that service has only minor variation and an occasional outlying exception. It seems that there is usually one agent assigned to each queue, and sometimes additional agents are assigned (balanced?) as load dictates. In addition to the upward counting of time, memorizing the 12s column (I agree that the /human/ difficulty of learning 10s and 11s is mostly simple tricks to calculate those numbers on the fly) gives users the ability to work backwards and forwards with fractions of time based on 12s. Thanks to the seconds and minutes counting in 60s and hours and months (somewhat) counting in 12s knowing base 2, 3, 4, 6 and 12 is exactly what someone needs to work up and down. Many baking items are also sold in units of 12 (E.G. eggs, 144 being that packet size that businesses buy in). Finally there's the learning aspect. Learning the 12s is a lot like extending the factor tables beneath it in a way that makes sense to analog brains. It's actually not /that/ much more costly. 13 however is a whole new prime, which isn't that useful in daily life; all of the larger numbers are big enough to be handled as estimates or 'long math' precision numbers. PS: If I could magically force all humans to learn, know, and use a new base (and that's the only option I had) I'd probably pick Octal. Hex (for the above reasons) is useful, and great for computer addressing, but less great for actual human-analog computation. I think I read something like this in a header file for a GNU licensed compiler at some point. The String object was a character array (presumably terminated by a NULL) which was prefixed by a size_t (it may have been assumed that String inherited another precursor class). Still, I do like the idea of working within a bounded set. This sounds much more like a language feature where you could work within an array of known size. Though most of the time when I care about easy String handling I'm better off writing it in a higher level language. Paypal needs a cleaner distinction between: * Gift/send cash without any other expectations (services already rendered). * Sale/Escrow (pay for future goods/services). * Charity (Gift, but tax implications/validation). IE, systems that run arbitrary code by default... For shells where echo is a builtin that does not know about -e: printf 'Host *\nUseRoaming no\n' >> /etc/ssh/ssh_config I agree with voting. I also think that voting systems should only have /positive/ inputs. (I agree with the content of a given statement/post). Negatives belong as a concretely expressed /contrasting opinion/ which can, it's self, be 'agreed with' (voted for). I can only imagine a world without monetary payment, in some form, for the extremes of far too little and more than enough. Thinking about the brighter side of things I suppose that in the more than enough side of things you would be paid with happiness. That to be wealthy would be to have something you enjoy doing all of the time. Success however, would be measured in a currency that is more difficult to track, respect. I can't think of any that come to mind. I've seen a lot that just do something different... but when I think of 'web 2.0' I think of re-designs that make things 'more beautiful' (pretty) but at the cost of actual functionality. Of course I recognize that many think differently than I do; it's possible that previously they had been given too many choices and thus couldn't understand the system. As for re-designs, I think that it depends on the basis for decisions and effort spent in the re-design. I think it has to do with the difficulty of refueling one quickly (and safely), high pressure gas fittings are just asking for trouble. Also, I was recently a passenger in one while my car was being serviced; it seems they must store a rather high volume tank /somewhere/ (the trunk space suffers). It's not just laptops. Many new keyboards ship with a laptop-like function-lock key that re-enables the functions you're actually seeking when you hit what you think are the Fn keys. It is harder and more difficult for me to legally drive a car than it is for me to legally own a gun. All of those things which we require of drivers should be required of those who operate guns. The existence of such an account isn't the WTF worthy feature. The lack of documentation for said account is. It might also be a good idea to have a fail-safe for using the account. For example, if an Administrator level account just logged /in/ (within the last 5 min) then allow field service login. The fail-safe would be the inverse, if /no one/ has logged in within 72 hours allow field service. An API is not a painting. It is a set of facts. That's simple. You tax sitting on money not earmarked for a recognized task (EG: Saving up for big investment X (named) such as college, a new home/building, etc.) or for rainy day funds; but you also limit the maximum that can be stashed for such tasks. Then with that tax you re-invest in infrastructure, exploration of new resources, and even missions to space. (I'd rather we have a (robotic) mission to the asteroid belt than mars...). I believe I fit squarely in to that category. I'm just old enough to have seen the fall of 'corporations who hire for life' in to 'everyone for themselves' employment. It is a disheartening drop in live stability. The best way of fixing this is to make sure that there is an over-supply of housing (located NEAR the jobs) and to make it as easy as possible to move. Economic incentives should encourage local, suitable (even for apartments) housing in an area to be approximately equal to the number of jobs in that area (then pad up slightly for BIG if that's also an 'employer'). I actually /really/ like this idea. It also implies that anything of such value must be registered and that it only gets taxed that one time. For the intangible things I would say that an open bidding process every census period would be a good way of judging what the market thinks it's worth. Adjustments might be necessary for changes in the constitution of an asset. (E.G. There's now a building, discovered natural resource, or it's part of a different sized lot unit.) Approximations in resource description could be used to round up/down and group together the units in an area for some anonymity and consistency. To prevent collusion in 'sitting' on an area those who own it would also be required to bid in buying it back. If they come out over the median bid then they get their land back (but are taxed at the rate they sold it for), if they don't then they can keep the land but get taxed at the 95th percentile bid rate for that area. The top 1% of bidders would also have the option of buying any asset forfeitures within that area at the price that they listed. That would also be the assessed tax value of that land for that period. This would also be an excellent way to trace recalls based on defective or otherwise harmful products; though the lot numbers involved would need to be in the transactions. You forgot about the atlauncher. It has some interesting packs like TechNodeFirmacraft (a TerraFirmacraft based mod pack) that actually somewhat educate users about rising up from caveman to industrial era technology (real metallurgy names and semi-believable progression; at least until the end game where you make fantasy alloys to move blocks of non-finite water and lava about). How about just making it so that the plates have to be on the vehicle and readable when it is stopped for inspection. This would allow most of the good uses, while preventing drive-by surveillance. The lesson there is that those whom are irresponsible get further ahead (by having the irresponsibility discharged). This is what always irked me about how the bailouts were handled. They should have been controlled government regulated destructors that would tear off and re-attach resources that were viable to other companies and leave the investors with none of their investment. Working in actual VR would do it. Sort of like have an 'office' room of standard size and layout (no one deviates on the placement of furniture; decorations and quality might change). The slip on some immersive 3D thing and have an actual avatar that's mapped to the worker's actions. This includes drawing on the virtual white board. It probably also includes a decent face-rig and several other non-verbal communications. I continue to believe that the best way of 'locking' a price is to ensure that the market remains with the correct supply to buyer ratio. As an example: to decrease the cost of rent in a city, an increase in rent-able locations and attached commercial business and non-retail jobs need to be in those locations. This is also related to suggestions that say controlling medical care could be achieved by allowing more agents at all (doctors or not) to be able to treat obvious conditions. I agree that in the short term the suggestion would be viable, were it not for regulations; however I think that artificial diagnosis neural networks will probably achieve adoption before the regulations catch up. Many people don't have sufficient time to do a good job. You need to optimize the layout of data so that the critical message is clearly delivered first. An ultra-executive summary is what your memo/email subject and first line should be. Then expand out with more and more detail as necessary. This just shows how difficult it is to avoid hidden dependencies without a complete, cleanly isolated, testing environment of sufficient scale to replicate production operations and do strange system fault scenarios somewhere that won't kill production. I think that this is a special case. In this case a COMPANY is importing a worker to do a job. If they really need to import a worker they should probably be paying that worker at LEAST 150% of the MEDIAN pay for work in that field. It isn't the wage it's self that bothers me, it is this 35K GBP figure without any other context that bothers me. I think it depends entirely on if someone is trying to become /part/ of a country, or if they are merely there to work in it. For the former the rules should be more lax, that person should need to make at least the median wage for a given job (until they are fully emigrated). For the latter that person should need to make at least 150% of the median wage. Family's complicate the decision; but I would say that the most favored member of the family should be the deciding factor. Require that the job they were /brought/ here for: * last at least a year * pay at least 150% of median market rate * have been open and unfulfilled with at least 10 who are interviewed AND report on their desired compensation for the role * Eliminated non-hourly work* ('Salaried' would be a contract to buy between X and Y hours of work per year, with limits of hours per day/week etc.) I support that removing markings is fine for areas that are lower traffic or lower speed: country back-roads, neighborhoods, etc. I'm highly dubious that it's a good idea for high capacity or high speed areas. I cannot even begin to imagine how effective the over capacity freeways in the Seattle metro area would be without their stripes. Nor can I imagine what other major metro areas would experience. Monetary compensation data, of course, would be for the /field/ and collected via the tax infrastructure. Median for /that type of work/ not based on those interviewed. The reason for having the interviewees report back is to check on if the expectations for the job match the description for the job. My own feelings are that a solution lies somewhere in the national park spectrum. The land isn't productive to society as a whole anymore, and therefore should be repurchased (at favorable rates to society; but still enough to allow the locals to escape the area) and returned to being a nature reserve. This way the area is returned to the commons and the suffering of all life is reduced. One point that the BBC article doesn't cover is where exactly the 'middle ground' is. The language is still framed from an entirely American Politics perspective of there being two parties and no other reference points. Lost is the fact that both American parties are fairly far to the right. Also lost among the message of anger is the point that they glossed past. The 'Washington' (DC) insiders /are/ the political parties. Most stars we see are burning Hydrogen, possibly helium, in a process of gravity well driven nuclear fusion. This fusion results in heavier atomic particles and some waste that we see as radiation (light, heat, various forms of EM energy). I am not an astrophysicist, nor am I an expert in the early universe, but I recall that the prevailing theories of our time are that somehow the universe came in to being with predominantly hydrogen atoms. These combine through fusion in what we call stars to form denser matter. This process continues until the result of combining the elements reaches a limit. I believe that iron happens to be that limit if I recall correctly. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iron_peak Describes what I recall reading/hearing many years ago. Also in the Seattle metro area; rent here is just massively out of balance. There is a total lack of regional urban planning and competition in the form of sufficiently available housing to keep prices low. All of that development went to the improperly supported suburban exodus movement of the 80s and 90s. I think that is a more nuanced neighborhood by neighborhood issue. NIMBY is always a thing, and no one wants to live right next to any sort of transit. There are various reasons for this, part of those reasons is that, disproportionately, the poor tend to be relegated to mass transit. Part of that is that transit doesn't make sense if you get on/off work outside of peek hours; most of the Seattle metro system is biased around serving /Seattle/. Transit systems in the counties to the north and south serve even less, have much tighter budgets, and therefore also have much less service. This is one of those self-re-enforcing loops. With the HOV Toll Lane revealing just how horrid traffic on I-405 is (again absolute lack of urban planning), I think that you'd find many would agree about doing /something/, /anything/, except for taxing them in any way. Little do they realize that you pay 'taxes' in other ways, like having daily commutes of hell and a poor environment for their children to enter the workforce within. I know that my own career development is still severely hampered by having grown up in a suburb, without a car, and thus also with less access to the scarce jobs in the area that many (but not all) of my peers took up. I suspect that there probably weren't enough 'after school' jobs to go around though, so those who did get experience early got a head start on learning how to handle interacting with employers. I agree completely. Python could fix a LOT of that by using the (completely seriously named) https://simonsapin.github.io/wtf-8/ WTF-8 (Wobbly Transformation Format − 8-bit) encoding for it's native Unicode (like) strings. Additionally Python should then allow the (explicit) casting of WTF8 datatype to bytes and from bytes to WTF8 datatype (edit: note, I mean invalid data would be read, stored within a WTF8 datatype as such, then converted /back/ to an invalid UTF-8 bytestream identical to the one read in). The main reason that Python Unicode handling is broken is that it creates problems that aren't necessary to exist or solve. In the real world, you encounter unvalidated data; and many times you don't /care/ if it's valid. It's just some human name for a bytestream. Or some not-quite valid Unicode stored within a file, or maybe something else that you want to handle like a bytestream but pick matching Unicode bits out of. Office Space should be /required viewing/ in high school. That movie taught me more about what to expect in the typical American office than any other experience in my life. This concisely points out exactly why we never recovered from the great recession of our time. It is politically beneficial to obey the rich paying for their campaigns, and placate the voters, then to deliver the harsh correction for bad behavior that a controlled lancing of the bubble would involve. I didn't read the link BECAUSE it requires scripts to view. Having said that, as someone that uses some subreddits for forums there is exactly one thing that I'd like to see done for Reddit (and any other site with a downvote/dislike button). If you click the downvote button it should instead prompt you to create a reply denoted as a dissenting viewpoint. You will then explain your rebuttal. Separately, a 'Report Abuse' button would flag a post for moderation attention (but also include who's reporting the abuse). A moderator should be able to see the full edit-history of a post (within the last day, maybe week). If you've lost that key you can't get in anyway. That's what a factory reset (which would not include the old decryption key) update is for. That scenario, updating with removal of the previous configuration, is pretty much baked in for both the case you mentioned and the reselling/refurbishing the device circumstances. In America, it is actually surprisingly difficult to buy 'half as much food' at many places. Most mid-scale (Approx 10-30 USD/plate) restaurants attempt to convince you the service is worth the price by giving you far too much food (and also not paying their employees enough either; hence tips, which BTW I'd be inclined to stop paying in 'living minimum wage' cities (15+/hr)). Less a super-power and more a sad reflection of the lack of integrity, enlightenment, and honesty of both those that are put in power and those who put them there. While this seems interesting, it's the average GDP. I don't believe that any breakdown by class or classification of economic stratification at any given time was conducted. Thus it is difficult to see how much of the population of a given era is within a given quality of life (as would be afforded by having enough 'wealth') at any time, let alone compare that from time to time. What I do see is that life today should be markedly better than it was about 500 years ago, but that it has largely flattened out within the last 100 years. The problem is that the old single family housing unit is occupying valuable land which could better serve multiple families at a higher density. City cores are about increasing the density of human population so that network effects increase productivity, decrease cost, or both thus raising the efficiency of limited resources. The correct way of regulating the cost of a city is based on a combination of the usable area occupied (probably a 2-dimensional area unless someone is able to build above/beneath a given property), the number of tenants there and the 'useful floor space' (exclude hallways, balconies, etc) they receive for whatever their rent is (property taxes are rent paid to the municipality for use if it's commons resources; IE being close to other things and being able to reach them). The government should be driving /down/ the price of housing when it is too high by pushing for the construction of denser housing in the urban core to drive the market curves from the supply side. The government should also have it's tax structure setup in a progressive way (penalize rents not in the lower half of the equilibrium, including home owners that outright own their home (and thus only pay property taxes)). When the market is over-saturated (as it would be if an area is deflating), it should be supporting the existing prices on the market by keeping taxes high, buying back properties that are sub-standard, and focusing on their re-development in to civic goods; some examples of which are parks, arts facilities, or facilitating new small business experiments. I suppose that it could be interpreted that way, however the point of the tax rate being 'progressively' designed is to encourage /both/ low rents and more space for rent (as a way of reducing the taxed assessed against the property value). Urban planing is also supposed to include parks, recreational facilities, and a generally vibrant mix of entertainment types near a population. A utopic city is supposed to be /better/ than rural lifestyle because of increased opportunity of all types. Having grown up in the suburbs, the only opportunity that affords is disenfranchisement; which is what I also hear of the rural areas. After reading that I better understand what my own opinion is but what I was having trouble articulating. Quality of life is important, and different people will value different things as different weights in their quality of life. However one area that the governments we elect are failing us is improving quality of life by creating a more fair playing field for all (as well as generally using the bonuses from that to enrich the playing field for all). You can pretty much throw out any certainty of events before the British Empire invaded an area of the world. After that the recorded history will both have the same bias and consistency. Before that history will have been recorded (or not) and possibly lost by civilizations that did not win the game of Civilization (infinite): Real Life. What is recorded as happening in Europe, that dense painting of many 'small' battles that consumed whole cities/towns/etc, can be assumed to have happened generally /everywhere/ anyone would actually want to live. Maybe a math book should start with a few problem questions, built around every day scenarios. Then it should break down the skills that are needed to solve each of these problems, and cover those skills and the smaller steps of those problems. Finally building to a cohesive solution to the initial problem. Define car payment; actually please don't, I can't see any point other than inflammation. A 'basic' income should ideally fulfill the basic structural needs of someone living in an area. * Adequate Shelter * Food (possibly basic, but it should be healthy. Food does tend to work better in bulk though, so not-for-profit health kitchens are something I'd recommend) * Health (including cleaning supplies/etc) * Enough whatever (transit, clothing, education, etc) to get a better job. * //basic// entertainment In these last two points I see work uniforms, transit, probably paper/notes, and likely --basic-- computers (think Raspberry Pi 3) with Internet access (generic TV/work). Edited: Added even more newlines Trust results. For some people the best medicine is guided by some change from within. I believe that as far as positive outcomes are concerned (ruling out helpful communities and other factors) the actual reason that placebos and that any organized system of belief work for some people is the same. They want to, and believe that they will, get better; thus they do, or at least they learn to cope. It's pretty much a psychological solution. You can talk your way out of some problems; but not all problems. Some things require physical changes driven by external (alien to the self) forces. That's surely a part of the US government that is in dire need of more checks and balances. Another even more telling thing revealed in this article; the very end where they realize that /no one/ is 'in charge' of fixing this. (Arguably because they ALL are. This is all what should be general OpSec training!) //Lots// (flood the market with) of luxury condos and apartments and hotels (for long, medium, and short duration living). Extensive design validation , solid construction, not cutting corners to badly, generally actually build them to last. Plan for maintenance to happen during the building's lifetime. * Have a 'car/dog wash' area in... * A parking garage with room to actually park cars for families. * Actually acoustically isolate rooms (even within the same unit) for privacy. * Design ventilation paths that route 'waste' air away from /all/ residence windows. * If you aren't going to hard-ban smokers from occupying residence within the building, make sure that there are designated smoking areas on each floor. (A scrubbed exhaust room). It would be interesting to know how well this holds up over different scales. Does a prediction based on base 3 hold up better over primes under 100 than 1000 and 1000 than 10000? Is the ratio of how well a base ending sequence is predictive scale to a predictable range based on the base that the prime number field is viewed within? Just thinking about what might be happening, I would imagine that the answer is yes, but that a lot of crunching would be needed to graph and deduce a relationship to an actual predictive property statement. People are also shockingly bad at economics. I remember from the econ101 course I was required to take that it's just the possible intersection of curves between what supply can cost and what demand is willing to pay in order to maximize profit. A missing element is that often someone who has a copy of the content has a choice between buying another copy for someone else to read or loaning their own copy (book lending). If the marginal cost of buying a new copy is less than the overhead involved with lending another copy (often beneath impulse buy price) someone is MUCH more likely to buy a copy as a gift. Think about how much someone is willing to pay for a newspaper. I think 0.25 USD or less would be the natural price per copy. Copies should NOT have DRM. Just price them inexpensively enough that people don't feel a need to share it for free. I disagree. It is far better to use a String like approach and use a structure that includes the length of the next written object. I believe that a simple sacrifice of a little more storage would also make that easier to split out. Pre-pad the message up to pad size zeros and then a pseudo-random number of additional pad objects (1 to n). Next you would store either the offset of the start or end, as well as the length of the payload (start would probably be easier to verify). With that structure it should be difficult to craft a payload message that looked like a valid message for the log. This is a back of the napkin grade design; refine it and/or develop a proof for your specific use case. Can you see any way it would be obviously incorrect? I could not when I wrote it, but I did not take the much greater effort of /proving/ it was a correct design. (which much like crypto algorithms, should also be done on an implementation by implementation basis) Who says they weren't in cryo or otherwise suspended for most of that trip? Probably the same reason we don't have more content from them. My own supposition is that it's the standard rights-squatting thing a studio does when they're done producing a given work and don't want to compete against 'their' IP being used by someone that actually has a good story to tell. On the contrary, my view is that the Ancients knew defensive design is a /hard/ problem, for higher level languages. The lower level parts (like the actual Stargates) had smart companion interfaces where the safety features exist. The fact that you can over-ride a safety, presumably if you know what it exists for and have a use case for ignoring it, is a good engineering feature for a device that might be used in more extreme circumstances. (Such as evacuating from an Ori invasion.) This would have made more sense if the inheritance were different. Item (a thing that is sold at a final price and which goes in to a shipping container (has physical size / weight data)). Book (a type of Item) which has a price that decomposes in to various costs... BD_Movie (a different type of Item) which has other features that decompose differently from other Items. Though an argument could also be made for simply having a generic ShippableItem object which has extra key-value tags in that same application. Maybe the issue isn't that the ability to use Inheritance is terrible but that the particular design choice of doing so turned out to be a poor fit for expressing the business needs. My belief is that the failure rate shows an immaturity of the field in general. For example, history is littered with many attempts at flight that today we find foolish and laughable, but back in that time they were probably genuine attempts. Much error eventually lead to sound principles that are applied today with great precision. However I think that software probably falls in to two general categories: * Stuff so generic that everyone needs one even if it isn't an exact fit. (Think houses, and standard things in houses <> Operating systems, basic information processing software of various types.) * Stuff that is custom made or otherwise fabricated to an exact need out of an otherwise generic template. (Artisan works, and knowledge of customizing things that are more difficult to do correctly without basic concepts.) Open source software as a public service (and a thing that academic institutions should be contributing with completely open patent free work) really fills the first of those categories. Security audits and security code should also be a government service (with multiple governments as well as public entities working in the open with audit-able logic for every security decision as a web of interlocking watchers). Nothing. The only time an ad might be remotely useful to me is if it's product placement which is on topic for a search that I am performing where I am already looking to buy something. At any other time it's just wasting bandwidth (which on some networks might actually cost me). I think that 'ads' are the wrong tool for the job. Ads are about 'making impressions', but doing so is actually an attack on the intellectual process of the subject that is being impressed. The very least an Ad should do is compensate for that attack by delivering actually useful and desired information. An ad should know from the context it's presented in what that user seeks and attempt to deliver value to that user. Ideally it should be about finding a match between consumers and the producers that match their need. The toxic part of ads is that they are not driven by this bounty, but instead by attempts at various companies to become the thing that fulfills a need which might not exist or which might be actively unhealthy. It should have strictly warned you about data truncation... I'd honestly have rather it stored a NULL than that result though. Which was actually the thing that employees cut even before I entered the workforce. I distinctly remember that my dad was on the declining wave of such benefits being cut from the company he was working for. It seems like for the programs that were pre-funded over the years those retirement funds either got lost in stock market declines or were otherwise raided for various non-retirement reasons (usually by the company or through cutting benefits and freeing that stored resource); in other cases I can easily see it having been 'funded' the same way 'Social Security' was 'funded' (assume eternal expansion, pay for today's retired with today's income). I think the appeal of Basic Income Guarantee ideas is not just how effective experiments show them to be, but that it replaces 'retirement' and all sorts of other social safety nets with one solution that's a lot more streamlined. It turns all of the other fraud problems in to tax enforcement and tracking, which thanks to credit cards, the average consumer already gladly agrees to. The problem of the pension is that it has proven unreliable to allow private institutions which can go defunct, dissolve, or otherwise discharge that liability to have it. The next fad was (is) forcing employees to 'invest' in their own retirement; except that it turns out even experts aren't that great at investing, let alone the average worker who's job REALLY isn't investing. The obvious thing is actual socialism in limited areas of society. BIG is a way of making the resources provided by taxation compete instead of being lost to bureaucracy. In this case the 'limit' is set at having more than what a normal person is expected to have. It presumes that we have reached a level of technology where energy and machines are able to provide more than the standard of living desired by the population using a given set of resources. Obviously if that assumption is invalid then nothing could 'solve' that problem aside from modifying the population or the resources. Unfortunately there are only two 'tools' that we've yet invented for resolving that problem; birth control and war. I would think that patients would probably prefer a /choice/ in that matter. Particularly those of us who have easier to draw from arm veins or those of us who mostly work with their fingertips (not just those operating keyboards; many professionals fit this category). I really hate them. The best thing a sales team can do is ensure that a relevant description of their product is found when I search for something. I prefer the idea of a nationalized provider of last resort. If the market is so efficient, why does it fear competition from a government entity? They probably don't know. It's very likely that a subsample of that ethnicity had good medical data and thus conclusions can only be drawn conclusively for that subsample. However it would indicate an area for study should more reliable sample sizes of other 'near' populations be possible. I remember waking up stupidly early (around 6am) for re-runs of Mr. Wizard, then going back to sleep after that ended. April 1st; training everyone to take everything with a grain of salt... sometimes with a mine of salt. Offhand, my educated guess based on how much it costs /me/ to drive, is that for any form of transport the order of costs from greatest to least is: 1) The human driver. 2) The fuel. 3) Maintenance. Even at a minimum wage, what really breaks bus routes is the human driver. You could send a smaller (more fuel efficient for low loads) vehicle on less profitable routes, but that doesn't modulate the biggest cost at all. Google, Ubur, Lyft, all seem to see a future where (to borrow from the older Total Recall movie) Johnny Cab is able to eliminate a lot of public transit and ride-sharing issues. I believe that the technical challenge is within our grasp (it'll be difficult but possible). It might, with sufficient volume, be cost effective and when factoring in the difference in accident rates surely will be. The hardest sell will be the truly glacial speed of modifying laws to get these vehicles on the road without drivers. My initial solution would be a restricted trial that is mandatory and lifts when the scheduled subscription date hits and is successful. The 'trial' period is advertising. The problem with the region is that geographic constraints spread everything out; if you look at the terrain a giant sound, a bay, and Lake Washington divide what should be one nicely sloped set of density across narrow strips of hilly land. The region is plagued by horrid traffic steaming from several interacting issues. * There are four large cities, each of which also has numerous suburbs and even un-incorporated areas. Urban planing across these regions sure seems like it doesn't occur. * 'The Rent is Too darn High'; because there needs to be /far/ more supply side control of the market. * Housing near jobs (and near quality education for workers with children) is consequently very expensive; contributing to workers living far from their jobs. * Jobs are no longer permanent lifetime things, with a single 'bread winner' able to easily support their family; contributing to workers living far from their jobs. * Moving is a PITA; contributing to workers living far from their jobs. * Transit isn't laid out in a mesh, thus doing anything other than suburb to downtown (a model that worked in the era of big companies and lifetime employment) takes many transfers and a lot of time; encouraging workers to / drive / (for freedom). The best solution that I see is making it possible for at least the major bus lines to be run as self-driving systems. A 'car pod' version of bus transit with point to point automated driving, particularly if those pods could link up and/or draft for improved efficiency on the long hauls looks like a far better solution. Supply side market pressure. More housing, lots, and lost, and lots of housing. Also, corresponding infrastructure (including civic utilities like parks) to accommodate the additional residents. It still tells you way too much about candidate passwords. Even if you're only targeting the fuzzed entropy. It also eliminates your need for rainbow tables since it calculates that hashed value without any salt added (or maybe it does, but you can still target users with 'weaker' passwords to begin with). More to the point, how would this and the 5th amendment interact if it was the end user that created a pass-phrase protected key which no one else knew? They're probably using some type of fast lossless or nearly lossless 'compression' that cuts the really low hanging fruit out but doesn't extract quality they care about. HuffYUV, for example, if you're going to be targeting a 4:2:0 output stream; if you're going for 4:2:2 or even 4:4:4 for some super HD stuff you might use different options. I did that to my payroll account to try and prevent this very issue. Little did I know that it's one of those services you need the password (I had written that down at the time as it was temporary) AND these questions that are usually used for password resets. I don't think that will ever get fixed until I change jobs again. I hope that one of their solutions is the obvious one; make change control testing a closed loop instead of an open loop. (Watch for /success/ reported instead of failure notification.) We all know what you meant to say, but plants are living organisms. This is why using selective terms for the type of dietary intake is scientifically useful. Carnivores that eat other carnivores (on a preferential basis) are rare. Typically herbivores are eaten by omnivores or carnivores. The only real moralities involved in these distinctions relate to energy efficiency and likelihood of diseases being a concern. Of course self awareness (sentience) is an additional layer of consideration on top of the evolutionary pressures. I believe the moral fault there would be in the creation of a machine with a self-aware AI but a 'body' that is not worthy of that intelligence. To put that another way; a limited body should have a limited intelligence by design. The problem is the complexity and inherent unfairness of the tax code (in the US anyway). Until we resolve that root cause anything else is like applying a bandaid to a severed vein. There are /many/ discussion threads about what such a resolution might be, some of which include Basic Income Guarantee / Universal Basic Income. It is a logical fallacy and disingenuous to compare how much in absolute dollars how much the top/middle/bottom income earners pay in absolute dollars rather than in their relative (per income earned) tax rate. If you have money to pay for experts in knowing all of the loopholes to exploit, and the types of investments / 'responsibilities' that special interests have had written in as possible deductions (the top n%) then the effective tax rate (per unit of currency) paid is less. Edit, adding this: I suppose you've also asked what I would consider fair. I find it easier to reach a stance of agreement that the current system is /unfair/ and needs a fresh start, so I hadn't elaborated on the outcome I'd like to see from such a process. I would find a system with a simple, preferably automated, process to be more fair. I would find a system where the more you make, the more you take home, to be fair. I would find a system where the more you make, the higher your relative rate of being taxed to be fair. (Is anyone REALLY worth 100 other people? 1000? At what point to you reach the true value of life: priceless (free)?) The best approach that I've seen so far mentioned is to tax assets. Property, objects, financial instruments (dollars to contracts of various sorts) all have a market value. You are not directly taxed on your income, but your net worth. Obviously there would be some forms of shelter (deferred net worth, like for retirement. Insurance buffers, etc). I can't seem to locate a graph (within my time constraints) that shows, by percent (not by grouping higher/lower) how much, relatively /each percent/ or each income bucket pays in taxes. This however comes close. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Progressivity_in_United_States... A fair tax system would not have a hump, or a ramp that then levels off, but would instead be a slowly rising graph with a continuously accelerating rate of being taxed, such that past some arbitrary point that extra return for every unit earned is virtually nothing (reflecting the stratospheric difference that already exists). I say that would be fair because I believe that even a truly exceptional person, let us say that they are unquestionably a genius instead of merely someone particularly good at business, is not worth 1000s of times or more what someone else is worth. If you're earning more than 1000s of peoples worth of taxes, you should be /paying/ like you're 1000s of people (without the per person tax credit). Taking your treating people equally to the logical conclusion, does that not also mean that everyone should have the same chance of success, the same opportunity to live and work in nice areas, the same pay for the job they work? While I do think that there is room for individuality and competition, I don't think that it's logical that someone can be three orders of (base 10) magnitude better than average. Any such level of compensation / wealth is surely an irregularity that should be corrected by tax (law). Some of those can and should be skipped. You're also missing a native assembly language. Programming should be taught from the point of view of writing your own forth interpreter, up through BIOSes, based off of it, then in to higher level languages. Logical composition, however, should be taught inversely. Take a high level language (SQL comes to mind, yes that's high level in some respects!) and teach how to isolate and logically differentiate between elements. However I'm also for the more simple base test first. Show someone a few examples of how to play Mastermind (game), see if it clicks. Show someone basic register algebra, as one labeled context, and then show them VHDL style flow definition statements as another context. Keep the contexts labeled. Anyone that can apply those rules to 'play the games' is probably capable of being a programmer; and anyone that doesn't find it fun probably shouldn't /be/ a programmer. If your data isn't in a free format that you can open and work with on your own then you don't own it. When there's a vacation or something I recommend trying out mods for it. TerraFirmaCraft is a total overhaul mod that is 'more realistic' (not fully, but more so) and teaches a general outline of how to progress from the stone age to the ages of metals (different packs also exist that add other mods to extend that up through, say, the (steam) Industrial Age). If automation and distributed systems are a topic you want to cover the automation you setup in something like FTB's recently released Infinity Skyblock pack/map (there are numerous letsplays and streamers doing that now) is pretty fun, if extremely time consuming. I would not play this without a dedicated server (it is VERY nice to leave chunks loaded overnight...). I would hope that the message is 'Disputed Territory', however it probably depends on where the uplink is. I don't see a problem with the truth of the internet being reflected in ipfs. Consider the internet to be write only, forget maybe (you are not in control of that). If you accidentally commit a password someplace the correct response is changing that password. Mostly due to lack of competition. Which is something that both congress and the FCC desperately need to encourage. Competition like, preventing states from making laws that limit competition. If the free market is truly healthy then it CAN compete with government provided services. My supposition is that it forced the OP to actually eat better quality, and possibly also less portion size, food. It would also tend to reduce eating overly complex foods as it would be more difficult to ensure that EACH ingredient was kosher. I will readily agree to the /expensive/ part. I distinctly remember, as a kid, looking at that system on the highest shelf in the game store in the mall, and thinking that it cost a LOT of money. Checking with the internet, USD 399/449 (a game included), but that's in 1995 dollars. The CPI places that as being nearer to 625 USD today! http://data.bls.gov/cgi-bin/cpicalc.pl?cost1=399&year1=1995&... Could I instead have had the curriculum at my own pace? Really it should just be a national, fully open, stack. No expensive text books (there's a nice racket) / etc. Not just high school, but all of it. If we need to have 'learning centers' where parents can warehouse their kids while going to work, lets just fund that with those results in mind, and have additional tutors (maybe other students for extra credit, based off of the realistic improvement rate in the grades of those tutored) for those who aren't advancing quickly enough. Of course, full boarding that the kids can opt in to (for predictable meals and escape from abusive situations) could also help. It's more like an area that was previously unzoned between cities. There are different options for how to hook up water, power, data, etc; however due to the way that school districts work the kids will only be covered by one such domain. Within that domain, this new source of housing has not been factored in to the balance of how to divide resources. (Think of classroom seats as hyperthreads and teachers as processor cores). The kids going to different schools (lack of CPU affinity) is the issue as differently aged kids might go to different schools, have to travel needlessly far to get to a school with free resources, and potentially even two kids of the same age from the same family might not go to the same school. Actually it backgrounds /them all/; as the comic states in the caption text, failures can generally be ignored since one will have success. This is also what troubles me about anything that requires a 'real name'. I also don't understand why, E.G. Google, or companies like Google would be against this; I'm effectively telling them how to target ads by the context I use. That's exactly it. The same performance isn't (that much) cheaper, and it's actually difficult to find any sort of high performance laptop (for cheep). Plus, the last few laptops I've purchased all seem to die JUST after the warranties (extended or otherwise) expire. Are they finally at least putting 1080p+ screens on these as a standard thing, or is everyone still stick on that crummy 1366x768 regression? As a form of consumer protection I can see why that is desirable. I think if a company wanted to create a strong branding, for which it would be known that the experience is distinctly NOT android (even if it's based on android) then that is more acceptable. 'Android phone' implies that the google play store and apps are on the device. You can actually use GSS authentication if you setup the correct Kerberos tickets and the correct service names so that Windows will try to communicate with the server via the user's tickets if a password isn't specified. It's kind of a pain that the configuration options for that have to go in to the host-based authentication file and that it just assumes you know this. It would be relevant to know, of the 'involuntary' numbers, how many of those were statutory involuntary and for what reasons. My hope is that in the majority of those cases the paperwork either just didn't get finished in time, or that the subject in some way did actually want this but started the process too late to be clearly of their own decision. My initial reaction is: I am very glad I had nothing at stake here... my second reaction is the same as the author of this deconstruction. Why should I trust anything any of these actors do ever again given the way they have reacted to the data. Aside from 'benevolent dictatorships', maybe even questioning those as well, has the 'value system' EVER been that intelligent? I'm aware of the issues with /alcohol/ that exist in my family, and detest the smell of smoking (heavier smoking also makes it harder for me to breath). As I choose not to drink and not to smoke, I feel that others can similarly make /informed/ decisions as /adults/ about which recreational drugs they want to use; and I also very much agree with the approach of that third covered plan; drugs with worse consequences should be harder, but still fully legal (even /without/ a prescription but under supervision; possibly requiring a physical for health evaluation first) to gain access to. My complete goal with this policy is fighting CRIME, not /drug use/. Maintenance is a form of insurance. This is better observed as having a separate standards compliance check and 'reference implementation'. The standards compliance check evaluates if a given program or module complies with the written standard. The reference implementation is free to be more fault tolerant or otherwise assume that invalid input is allowed to produce undefined results (as long as they are not clearly the wrong behavior). Even when you're using some base that already exists (often a highly configurable thing that's been sold to you by someone else), you STILL have the frequent stories of nightmares involving either an inability to configure it to the desired specification or cost and time overruns of epic proportions. While I agree that limiting inflation seems to be a laudable goal for economic stability, I disagree that enough is being done about it. Inflation has gone /rampantly/ uncorrected for those who are able to make the most prominent political contributions. This is evident in the widening growth gap mentioned in this very article. Didn't Babylon 5 have frequent CG sequences relating to ships docking and even landing on planets? (Granted they probably reused, maybe from different angles and with small changes, a lot of those sets). Overlapping windows are wonderful in X-mouse style mode. When your soul interaction with a normally large window is just a tiny strip on the bottom, it's like you've divided a single display in to something normally thin and wide (a console for example), and another thing on top that is slightly smaller but otherwise that you want to interact with. The nice part about this layout over a purely tiling window one is that the console is entirely ready for you to switch to it being the full screen when you want to read the backlog or do more complex work with it. If he's not charged with anything, then why do they need to know what's on his encrypted drives (which he may or may not be able to access anyway). I frequently, but DO NOT ALWAYS, do this when I am erasing hard drives. When I do this it is more of a flag to remind my self that I have, in fact, finished scrubbing the device. Gatekeepers to /common culture/. That's just one of many areas where readers/viewers willingly suspend disbelief. Superman is supposed to be able to do that; that's one of the benefits of being beyond human is (for him). A literal reality distortion field is actually the best explanation for all of the exceptions to physics that happen around him; Lois passing in to that bubble while being saved is just one more thing on the list. I recall hearing that some of the plastic/insulation may have used peanut oil (or something that at least made it smell/taste that way). No, at least not for I-405 / I-5 near Seattle. These roads, due to a complete lack of effective urban planning and development, are several times over capacity. I like to think that this heuristic would be effective for such cases. * Aim for a hard speed limit (maybe the actual speed limit). * Actually obey the law of this state: Keep Right Except to Pass. * ALWAYS allow merges (from either side) with higher priority. Edit: After reading the github link from one of the other posts I want to expand why I disagree and suggest always allowing merges. It is to allow traffic to leave the freeway (merge right to exit) as well as to enter the freeway (merge left, mostly to enter at all, but also in case they're going a long distance or need to get to special use lanes on the left). I want to propose a second more radical suggestion. I think pacer cars might work very well for phantom traffic jams, but I very much disagree about /how/ they should be used. Instead of encouraging an over-capacity jam, I believe that the pacer cars should expressly communicate to other traffic something along the lines of. "Temporary" / "Speed Limit" / "Follow at XX" On a rear message board. The pacer car would then draw out the stuck traffic in to the space /ahead/ of the jam and encourage the compression wave to expand to the front instead. This looks really great. I wonder how long it will be before these algorithms are usable in projects like libressl and GnuPG, as well as how long it will take standards bodies to include them in future versions of TLS and OpenPGP (IIRC we are /still/ waiting on ed25519 to be included in OpenPGP). This is actually surprisingly good live advice that is counter to /most/ conditioning you receive. It's sort of like the obvious but so hard to follow rule... "this is going to sound X... you know what, I probably just shouldn't say it at all." Unlikely to work. Required lurking means lack of participation and thus lack of learning. My counter suggestion is to encode the culture you desire in to the function of the site. While the criticisms in parallel may be founded, I think a better comparison would be the relative trajectory over time and the comparable rates of prescription in other nations. It could be that the US is still under diagnosed compared to nations that have national healthcare systems as part of their tax structure. It could also be that even with the above the US receives more diagnosis for anti-depressants due to quality of life and interactions between the individual and the culture of a given area. It is my hypothesis (but I've no idea what terms to use for the search) that the culture in the US is less supportive and less about inclusion and empowerment than it has been in the past or possibly than other cultures. However researching that is much more something that those in social sciences should be performing as part of their education and society's investment in to scientific experiments for the public good. Most of that benefit is that you still have something capable of mission decisions when an enemy engages in jamming or other information distortion tactics. On the positive side for 'drones': they can be viewed as both expendable (with costs/limits) and capable of performing maneuvers that would kill a human. I can see narrow beam transmissions on multiple carriers and extremely fault resistant communication protocols combining with remotely manned vehicles. The pilots might best be closer for speed of light delay reduction, but realistically you could have a relay in some kind of helicopter type vehicle a short distance from the actual fight, and the expert pilots stationed somewhere even more safe. While you're at it, that helicopter/blimp/etc could also be your primary communication platform for a local region; it's already a high value target so there's little reason not to use it as an additional uplink. We have a lot of good technologies already, the problem is they just don't scale well. I can envision older warehouses in an industrial district being converted in to vacuum flywheel storage sites where power fed in to the grid earlier is buffered and then released back to it. Changing our culture is another possible approach. Power is used in the evenings because that's when most people get off work/home/etc and they tend to have /that/ time to do cooking and cleaning (thermal cooling / heating are more solvable with changes in materials and building shape than culture change). Maybe we should stop subsidizing unhealthy sugar (because it is in -everything- cheep as a result). In a lot of cultures, realized or not, having tons of children is a form of retirement insurance. Having basic income eliminates this uncertainty. I'll reply to the implied point in a second post. Addressing the implication of breeding for money, I actually prefer the solutions explored in Larry Nivin's main fictional universe. Importantly, in that universe, different regions of human colonization had different limits for births; including un-affiliated areas (space between planets) having unregulated birthrates. For the context of Earth/Terra: I forget if it was one or two children, but for sure, for two parents 'the first child is free'. Let's simplify that and say that for each contributing parent (to society) the first child is free. After that additional children slots can either be obtained through exponentially larger tax payments, performing a significant contribution to society (E.G. Nobel Prize winners might be granted unlimited reproduction rights), or winning a lottery. Obviously in the case of massive global war, famine, or disease (age death waves included), additional children might be built in to the quota to keep the population at desired levels. It is not unlimited. At the radius from the sun that our planet is, there is an upper limit to solar energy of about 4/3 Watts/(M^2) (projected across the curve of the earth during daylight... through atmosphere...) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sunlight#Intensity_in_the_Sola... The most effective way of collecting sunlight is to use curved reflective surfaces and concentrate it on to points that generate useful work either from the heat or from the photon intensity. Interestingly, such mirrors also offer anime/bond villain/scifi style focused energy delivery 'weapons'; which is why I am most surprised that the US space programs haven't put any in to higher orbit above the majority of the garbage floating about the earth. It might also be possible to use the delivered energy from such a system to incite deceleration of existing orbital junk and force burn-up/re-entry. Robots, and better robotics will help... The more that can be automated, automatically repaired / etc, the cheaper things get and the less humans will be potentially exposed to hazardous chemicals. It won't improve single core performance, but it will go a long way towards making devices cost less. Different areas of specialization or... "given enough eyeballs, all bugs are shallow" - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linus%27s_Law Ignore the first part. Refusing to talk to someone's laywer is bad enough, but saying they're going to pounce on her uninvited out of nowhere is completely over the top. If the require some documentation that someone is representing someone else, maybe they should also accept mailed and/or faxed documents for proof. Wikipedia pegs QW as existing around 1996-2000... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/QuakeWorld Now, 800Gigs sounds like a lot, but I distinctly also recall that time as the era when we ran across 8GB clip issues. It wouldn't be unheard of for drives to actually be 20-60GB in size around this era, maybe larger for the expensive SCSI kind. Getting 800GB online storage with something like RAID5 or RAID6 would probably take two fully loaded controllers; lets say 10 drives of usable storage across two arrays. (20 drives). That back of the envelope math is about 40GB per drive. I could see this being an easy case at a LARGE university in some tech centrist area at about the timeframe of 16-18 years ago. While I too agree that high speed rail (and even Internet) in absolutely rural areas doesn't really make sense... The US still has areas of fairly to -really- high population density, and arguably, areas that should be far higher (city cores with skyscrapers, and city outskirts with 6-8 story high multi-use buildings), even the current suburban density is more than dense enough to support better transit experiences than we presently see. Transit of both the mass people and the mass-data kind. It still has to get the data from every row, unless you happened to make an index that correlates the two columns in just the right order. This is where a more effective question would be more useful. A question like 'in the last quarter, how many sales did we have for each category and shipping type?' You can then take the results and calculate more useful values like the percentage of express shipments, etc. What type of study are you proposing exactly? The best data we have at the moment would be records of geologic events that have a strong correlation to earth quakes and seeing how they line up between the two different areas. My gut tells me to expect, usually not co-incidence, but as they are part of the same larger system, possible co-incidence (and likely at a much more catastrophic level when something THAT LARGE does happen). I wonder how many would advocate trying to have a /planned/ earthquake each 100 years? Surely one planned in advance which everyone is prepared for is better than the unknown. I've seen this with file associations too. I feel like there MUST be some way of... 1) Asking 'correctly' now... 2) Automating this from a .cmd script or something so I don't have to manually hunt through the GIANT, UNSERACHABLE (it is now sort-able thankfully), REFRESHING on EVERY CHANGE list of file associations. Unfortunately I haven't actually looked in to how to do this... but if new versions of open source applications that I use aren't doing this automatically that sort of indicates that such a search might not be the best use of my time. How about making it possible to communicate with government offices without JavaScript/ECMAScript at /all/? What if it worked properly for those with ADA abilities, like say the blind on a text mode TTY with a text-only browser? Those still support basic web forms and the server side is where all data-validation should occur anyway. Alternatively, as the EFF notes, allowing alternate communications protocols (such as the freely open standard of shudder email) is also a viable secondary channel. Why is paying for sex any different from bribery ('dates') for potential sex? I too was thinking of this comic strip... http://dilbert.com/strip/2006-10-18 (related to caffeine's use as an OTC anti-depressant) The only problem to the distribution of music /IS/ the legacy distribution industry. They refused to adapt and therefore the best thing for everyone else is that they die off. So that it's easier to bring up/down a number of related service units with single actions. Example: systemctl stop smbd nmbd ; systemctl start smbd nmbd It isn't that the operation is the /middle/ parameter, it's that you have invocation action //LIST// You'd probably assume liability for all of the other stuff that's around that thin lithium lining. It must be cost, because I can't think of any other reason that we don't have micro-machine dis-assemblers for slowly picking apart our garbage in to neatly binned resources. In the case of the $0.98 cent drink, CLEARLY, the $1230.00 cost in working the case and holding the accused/guilty is NOT cost effective. Only Walmart and private prisons benefit from this; everyone else is worse off. There must be a more effective solution. Not just a 'better quality of "neighborhood"' at Walmart, but for our society as a whole. I'm going to go with the 'Rehabilitation' angle here. What if, when presented with video evidence of the crime, there was already a 'plea deal' that was always on the table. Lets say that for 10X the minimum wage cost of the affected items, you could provide community service doing some type of work the community needs and would have otherwise contracted out. In that case, the offender would literally work off the (retail) 'cost' of the drink (maybe also a fixed 'fine' in money or community service time) to the community, also providing some rehabilitation, while the company in question would be pressed in to only writing off whatever loss isn't covered by insurance as at cost shrinkage on their taxes. Note that in this case instead of all of that money spent on corrections and the /peace/ officer is not wasted making a mountain out of a pimple. I don't think anyone can (and hope that no one is ever allowed to) legally standardize presentation. Some of the examples cited in the open letter include changes to presentation (and time shifting) to suit end user requests and accessibility needs. One could also argue that 'fast forwarding' is a form of selective time-shifting for personal use. The analog equivalent to this would be getting up to use the restroom or make a snack during an over the air television broadcast; or even switching to another channel during that set of ads. I agree with your general idea but disagree with the language used. I believe that the quantity known as a 'heap' has an internet element of vagueness; that is it is not known the precise quantity of the heap. Or some specific property may be known but not all. You might start by saying: * This is a heap of wheat grain. -- As you know it is wheat the set includes any quantity larger than 0 (for nothing is nothing, though a container for heaps of wheat might be empty it's self). * This is a heap of wheat grain weighing a kilogram. -- The number of grains, and possibly the volume and average grain sizes within the 'heap' are unknown, but now the heap has an additional bound, it weighs, within some range of error, a kilogram. * A pile of 400 grains of wheat is exactly that. There is sufficient detail (an enumerate of the aggregate) that eliminates the vagueness implied by 'heap', though it would not be grammatically incorrect to introduce it thus: This heap of wheat grain is comprised of 400 grains of wheat. Well, you're mostly correct; but not technically correct. From /just/ a solar panel it isn't possible to achieve higher density, however you can use reflectors in the spectrum that your solar panel operates in to increase the energy available for capture at a focal point. I wonder how much of the fight against such products being legal is from 'big pharma' trying to stop exactly this? Is there a standard? What standards body has decided it and where can I see it's tests enumerated? Or do you mean the quick and dirty 'field sobriety tests' that many police offers use? I'm not aware of those being actual standards or tests so much as quick and dirty tools to justify the effort of /actual/ standards tests (BTW, I recall hearing that you should always demand the blood test over the breath tests). I was talking more about making it as regulated as alcohol and smoking are today, given that the actual side effects are no worse (and in fact might be more preferable). Yes, many states in the US (and I presume other governments at some level around the world) have BAC level tests that are a legal limit which has a strong scientific correlation to of resulting in impaired driving and decision making. I think there might be some debate over variance of correlation among different ethnicity and experience level of particular users, but I cannot recall any actual disagreement about the current legal BAC limits being close enough for the general population. However that is the point being made by the parent article; that while presence of alcohol in someone's blood does have that strong scientific correlation there is as yet no strong scientific correlation for any of the legal limits currently in place. Let's assume that it has a set number of attempts each with some delay. Let's also assume that whatever this is has multiple instances for some reason; maybe it's something called as part of an update process for system accounting information. If every process on the machine did this every time it got re-scheduled? Yeah, I can see that. Sort of like my own personal stance on 'breeder reactors' being 'waste reduction reactors'. The problem with most of that 'waste' (at least the non-byproducts kind) is that it's exactly that, actual waste instead of burnt fuel. Likely because the TSA issue is something they expect to see infecting the train transport system if it existed and that the car is figuratively and literally a symbol of freedom and the ability to escape the rules of others in the American culture. (Source: I live here.) I suspect this has a -lot- to do with performance. When C was designed, and even today, there are systems without pipelining, where it is expensive (in time) to de-reference a memory address and follow that pointer. I do not argue that the design you suggest would be safer, and even have advantages for slicing; but that's really not the kind of program that C was intended to service writing. Also, C is supposed to scale down to //really// simple systems. Systems that lack indirect addressing modes, caches, MMUs, etc. It is literally intended to be a thin veneer over actual assembly for those systems, and why so many operations are specified in terms of /minimum standard unit size/ (for portability of that almost machine code between systems). What you advocate is more like what C++ actually /should/ have been; a reason to use something more than C to gain advances in safety and ease of design. Only, it isn't knob and tube or asbestos. It's much more like comparing crawling (machine code), walking (assembly), C (bi-cycling), and higher level languages (faster to write, more built in safety features, etc). Each is a good fit for a given role, and sometimes you need to get through tight spaces where using one of the lower impact methods is more effective; or maybe you just can't afford something 'nicer'. Use the correct tool for the job. Reminds me of prions... mad cow disease and the like. For dense city cores I'd prefer parking at the edges (part of the city) and forms of people movers (think caves of steel / tomorrow land belts). For other places I agree that eliminating street parking is ideal, but believe that more underground/in-building parking is necessary, with enough space for useful vehicles to park safely. I don't like -any- 'gamy' meats. I am sure that I am not in a minority in that opinion among most Americans raised on the bland burgers prevalent in fast food establishments. That may be how it worked before, but that isn't how it works now. It is actually incredibly, mindbogglingly, difficult for someone who can't even get a job where they live -now- to relocate to someplace completely unknown with zero resources and no job even lined up. In the old days if you were willing to do something lower end there was always /some/ job you could get. That isn't the case today, and the jobs that used to pay enough for someone to get by don't. (I blame rampant inflation in cost and deflation in wages over time) It's radioactive for that long because it /is/ waste. We haven't finished extracting the valuable energy from it yet. (that's what 'waste reduction' (breeder) reactors are supposed to do; concentrate up the useful stuff and leave most of it clean enough to either decay really quickly, or so slowly that it's not harmful.) I think this is quite probably the minimum possible distinction. Either you have /unmetered/ and /fast/ and /low latency/... or you fallback to a design where every byte matters. Netflix gets to squeeze and optimize in advance, once, for hopefully many hundreds of thousands of streamings. Police body cameras are going to be a lot more like the dash came I recently installed for a trip. 1080p at 30FPS and slightly blurry gets me about 5 hours to a 32 'billion byte' uSDHC card. That isn't so bad, you can fit a normal shift in to a 64 GByte space, and if you double that up again you'd get almost a whole day's worth of time. The battery is an issue for sure, but then again Police already come equipped with a belt that has a lot of other stuff, and are usually deployed with a moving vehicle OR are stationed in an area where they will have a regular chance to return to a break room (which is where a natural battery swap would occur). I am at least one adult that is /not/ a parent today because I do not feel like I can provide enough /stable/ resources to start a family. That is one of the two main factors in my not even being 'on the market' relationship wise (when traditionally someone like me should be). They also had a far less connected society where surveillance was /much/ less common and far more easily spotted. I imagine the reasonable chance that someone snapping figured they could get away with it, particularly in a close knit group that routinely went fishing or hunting together and would say that's exactly where they were at the time something happened; was /much/ higher back then. Also today everyone knows that someone else will just be hired to do the same thing. Today when some kind of correction does happen it'll either be approved from on high by those seeking to avoid an old-school revolution, or it will be a bloody zerg-rush. They were also stuck at /least/ a process node back due to earlier anti-competitive practices that Intel didn't get sufficiently penalized for. (Those practices literally forced AMD out of the same /business/ as Intel; which is what cemented the situation they've ended up in.) A fair settlement would have broken up Intel in to isolated fabrication and pattern-design businesses. While I agree that more people in the STEM fields would be a good thing, it's with a caveat: those people should actually enjoy and do well in those fields. I would like society to be a little more flexible about basic living so that overall greed can be less of a problem and following your passion, dreams, and doing new things can be explored options. Since you cannot put the genie back in to the bottle, but you can 'get revenge' by ending the business, I can see how it would be both logical and in the clients best interest to point that out. Which also happens to align with the overall interests of the lawyer's patron. Not knowing the details but reflecting on what the summary said and what I do know of Xwindows style systems... Plan 9 sure puts a lot of trust in the network. We have learned, since that time, that trusting the network isn't really a good idea. Even a local network might not really be trustworthy. The division of services that they describe sounds quite wonderful for normal office tasks; but doesn't work well for networks that can shard or for remote users that tunnel in (VPN) and might be disconnected. I had no idea it supported SSL (I assume modern versions TLS?), that actually is more forward thinking then I had supposed was involved given it's age. I want to live in a world where driving in the /routine/ areas is 100% automated, so that I don't have to worry about slowdowns, gawker-blocks, and merging insanity. It won't /really/ get there until every car that's allowed on to the freeway is self-driving... actually it probably won't get there for a long time. Maybe the left 2-3 lanes (leaving at least the right-most lane open for 'slower and not-networked' traffic) should be automated and speed unlimited. Yes, the last point there is a crucial selling point for passengers. Buy the car / upgrade your car to go in the FAST lanes. That's why I -hate- non-written form meetings. For brainstorming, where the meeting is shoving data up on to some board/display the open form of 'meeting' can be fine. For any meeting where you'd bring a powerpoint, a well written set of steps and pictures is probably better. For any meeting where decisions must be reached; the entire addenda of the meeting should have been published along with any resources to reach the decision beforehand; INCLUDING time for participants to ask follow-up questions and receive answers about the material. So you're saying the correct answer is a massive tax on all antibiotics not dispensed in response to a human doctor's prescription for a patient that is seen? RISC-V is indeed what I thought, but hasn't MIPS also been free (enough) and open for at least a decade? You'd think that on licencing alone that'd be enough for a replacement in new products. Edit: I am mistaken, it seems that though MIPS is used in all sorts of things that I'd expect wanted the cheapest possible CPU core it has only become free for academic use. I wonder how common that mis-conception is for those not active in the space? My only worry about that is the lack of (enforced) competition in the market to keep rent under control. How do you 'enforce' competition? Build baby build, and you set how much to build by how much is being charged in an area. The system that exists now in the US is broken and already exactly what is described. Those with money pay too much for insurance because those without insurance are only covered at the last stages, when it becomes inhumane (by anyone's definition) to deny them care (which is also the most drastic and expensive level of care for a problem) which is then 'written off' and padded in to the 'prices' asked for other services. A LOT of medical costs are actually sunk fixed op-ex. Big expensive machines that cost deferentially little to use or not (but always coast a lot to have the option of using), drugs and other supplies that have shelf lifes, etc. Labwork presently requires a lot of humans, but much of it could also be converted to automation and human review, lowering the per unit cost; if there were incentive to make such technology. It's also a major bit of administrative overhead to have to haggle with different insurance companies, hound patients for billing, and in general worry IF someone will pay and how much. What I think the system(s) should do at this point is actually 'arrest' the person, take them to someplace that evaluates them for why this situation occurred and then addresses the malfunction. Maybe it's a legitimate case of hardship; the individual is doing the best the can, but society and circumstances have simply doomed them to failure. Forgiveness (of various kinds) and moving forward are recommended. Maybe they are in an area where the cost of living is too high or they can't find jobs to supplement the basic income and allow them to afford additional expenses. Find them a job and/or help them move to an area that society needs them. Maybe they cannot manage their own life and circumstances: convert BI to paying for semi-managed lifestyle (E.G. a dorm and/or community food kitchen in their housing block). You might have noticed a common theme here, instead of handling an exception with a punishment you handle it with identifying the actual cause and attempting to address it. Any 'punishment' as a result is a loss of freedom (in exchange for society helping you with your problems). That is actually ONE positive feature of Windows 10. Once it's activated it's stickiness to the CPU/Mobo means you can just re-install the dang thing on the same system. Encourage the adoption of a line-width that is longer than ancient terminals (at least it isn't 40 cols across). Also I'm much less concerned with absolute line width in my own code than I am with indentation steps or number of arguments something takes without flowing on to multiple lines. You're correct, I was explaining why it was /already/ a negative sum game. I suppose the closest parallel is what I recall hearing happened to auto-insurance rates when those became mandatory. Another close parallel would be what would happen if everyone in the San Francisco Bay Area were to suddenly receive an additional 500 USD/month housing allowance for living in the area. I would expect occupancy prices to go up by ~500 USD and the general quality of housing anyone current has to remain the same otherwise. I think that number was reached by trying to figure out how much value the shareholders would have had if they'd held on (for a long time) and eventually sold after the current plans had come to fruition. The flaw in the logic is likely in that it de-valuates the risk associated with holding on to the shares, particularly in a short term focused market. Also, that over time business strategy and direction change. Finally if they thought the price was too low why did they sell in the first place? Out of band. You don't want crypto-ransomware able to get to your keys to the backups. A more optimal approach might be to look at what you are trying to accomplish and figuring out the scale that works best for what a local view appears to be. For example, if I imagine a game world where it's open, but there are natural limits to useful render distance, then it is possible to define absolute maximum scale sizes. My new to this problems space view is that even if the world is larger than those sizes, there is probably still some limited observer and scale that makes sense. Building in some spare room and padding in to the scale and it can then be transformed to center on different points. As movement towards one of those points happens the new centering for each object could be pre-computed in spare cycles (or at least spread out so it isn't a single noticeable hit). 'the cloud' is associated with tagging type metadata and searching descriptions; I think that's what is being referenced. The actual implementation of storing and searching also becomes someone else's problem. In a way it's just another slosh back and forth in the cycle of centralization and de-centralization of processing/storage. They had just left him. With little other stateful information how would you react in a similar situation? I believe that Ubur and similar services are providing a more transparent review and protection process by bringing this in to a peer to peer social review layer. Drivers are rated by passengers, passengers are rated by drivers. More data is collected and correlated, leading to stronger statistical correlations about bad actors on both sides of the system. I would actually prefer the bike lanes were /inside/ of the sidewalk, or at least behind another curb. The problem there is that what has been in the best interests of both the consumer AND the artist has been the death of the old, crooked, music /distribution/ industry. That used to be just because they were crooked and cooking the books (how else do you explain millions in sales again and again without any substantive profit to the artist to show for it); which is still true. What's true now is that they simply aren't necessary. Digital distribution offers a far more efficient and direct distribution method. Bringing this back to Valve; publishing physical copies of games/etc is now far more something to do for collectors as a bonus. Access to the games themselves are handled via Valve, GoG, humble 'indie' bundle, etc. A lot of the criticisms I've seen for failed ports describe the exact type of behavior you would expect from an emulated system. The ports you reference behave like game systems that used to occupy 100% or almost 100% of the resource capacity of a dedicated system failing to execute correctly when they're running in a non-dedicated environment. They also had the advantage of targeting an exact set of hardware specifications in other ways and didn't have to scale down, up, or sideways (other ways of dividing labor) to the way that other platforms work. In short, they weren't a game designed to scale to a theoretical platform that then ran on the platforms, they were fit precisely to a single platform and then weren't designed to be portable at all. While this paradox might be a good theoretical tool for theory, I've disagreed that it is a good tool for modeling real situations since first hearing about it. * It is unrealistic that the mid-route would ever be created as described. * It is also unrealistic that the capacity of two parallel routes would also vary so much and have a mid-point where that reverses. * It would be much more realistic to have two routes, one of higher natural capacity, which react differently to increased load (not a static, no matter what, over-simplification). * Finally; it still does not address the issue of systems that are literally unable to cope with peek load; such as modern metro freeways in the US. I really wanted to see both /where/ immigration was going /to/ and also where it was from. Like color mixing and destinations. If N is large enough, maybe. However this assumes that the state of the traffic shaping system is per connection. If it's per site<>client or just client<>net over a duration then this wouldn't help. Reminds me a lot of hierarchical token bucket filters and letting clients burst over their normal allocation as long as there was spare bandwidth (then squeezing them when others woke up and wanted to use bandwidth as well). It's viable in all ways except political. People are scared by the phrase 'breeder reactor'; which is poor marketing, calling it a 'waste reduction reactor' is slightly longer, but also more accurately describes what it does and sounds a LOT better. I think it may have been a result of Fukushima, but I gained an interest in the topic and spent a few tens of hours researching. A proper waste reduction reactor produces three categories of radioactive material. * Stuff that is so crazy hot it'll cool off in a 'short' period of time. * Stuff that is good for use in reactors (a subset of the above). * Stuff that will take a LONG time to decay; which means that it is active, but very very slowly emitting. While the data might show these correlations I disagree on the premise that is reached as a result. It is not just economic stratification, but cultural differences. Those who have great wealth, and are not celebrity, tend to respect education, or at least attending 'upper tier academic institutions' for their upper society connections. Among this group of people knowledge /is/ power and it is respected. In economically down-trodden situations it is as if the population has been conditioned that they are beyond redemption, that there is no hope in enlightenment bringing them a better future. Maybe they are correct in that respect as greed is a major driving factor in politics. I suggest that the culture must change to enshrine knowledge and intellect as well as society rewarding normal productive labor for a real solution to these issues. I too am still only human; within my many flaws are gaps in my knowledge, experience, and ability that limit my capacity for solving this issue to a personal level. That is, I try to set a good example and help those closest to me when I am able. Maybe you or someone else has a solution that scales better? The ability to fail, safely. The ability to take positive risks can restore hope that those risks will pay off. That might be an ingredient to successfully breaking the negative aspects the culture of poverty. Anyone who is big on BIG as a solution is probably seeing it from this angle. The connections section is both focused entirely on LinkedIn (arguably a worse form of Life Invader than Facebook; I refuse to use either of these or any other such service). How is someone that values their privacy supposed to get a job or even break in to having a job where they make connections to peers? It would be nice if they had some form of migration publicly stated. For example something like this: If your project decides to go commercial the initial license term will include a cost of conversion based on the quantity of code already written. It would be interesting if they expressed that rate as something like: A gz -1 compressed tarball of the affected source code will be created, the size (in bytes) multiplied by X is the maximum fee we would charge for retroactive licensing. I choose the wording 'maximum' there as it still allows them to offer better deals under other circumstances. Shock, no; sadden and drive me to other ventures yes. My rule of thumb for pricing is that if someplace /makes you ask/ they aren't going to sell at a price you'd find worthwhile. Sharing is risky. Sharing intelligently (with those who have honor) is more often than not rewarding. I think you've raised an excellent point here. Loans (interest, and also contracts in general) are not required to be presented at a level that /most/ of the population can understand. There is a giant, thick, legal language contract that even if you are a lawyer you probably don't really understand (it hasn't been adjudicated, so you don't know what a judge feels it says). Disclosure: I do use credit cards, but only as a convenient and insurance providing mechanism for accessing my bank account and recouping some of the fees built in to prices by the predatory banking industry. I believe in a balance. The goals of society at large should be reached through agreement. These goals might be reflected in decreased costs (or even funding) for desired activities and 'taxes' on undesired or activities that should be limited; or maybe through another agreed means. Individuals, and possibly small groups of individuals, should then be free to choose their own means and methods for realizing those goals (or abstain from that process). Future historians will view those who today take steps to 'liberate' and 'preserve' the modern culture as the heros and those who sought to lock it away as villains. Either that, or I fear we face a future as described in Idiocracy. I like the idea of a physical reset and wipe everything to factory method; it's OK (and probably more ideal) if it takes a while. It sounds like a sufficient mechanism would be to have the following options: * A simple majority vote for designating a player 'too weak for this level of play'. * A strong majority vote (>75%; in a team of 5 this would be 4+) for designating a player 'a troll'. * Either of the above ejecting the player from the team at that instant. * Allowing all other votes to proceed as normal (N-1 required to resign a match). Given the cost of the devices; Probably not. No end users will touch it, but any vulnerabilities present will be used if present. In such a market I believe you'd actually spend your money on a high quality non-wifi router that you can update on your own and dangle insecure wifi access off of it, requiring VPN or other 'from the Internet' style for entry to the 'secure' network. I like to think of this as the opposite way. The identify of the person is the mind; the being that thinks. If the body is not a match for the mind, then the correct solution is to repair the body. Culture. Missing out on /culture/. Also if you want to avoid spoilers you can't participate in normal discussion venues because there's always going to be that one user that just can't behave. Yet another issue is the actual price of a ticket at a theater. I'm willing to spend more for something that I trust will have been made to the standards that I desire. This doesn't mean FX standards, it means a film that I can actually enjoy watching. The current price of movie tickets means that I'm only willing to go to the theater for a really good movie. Marvel has become a brand that I associate with (in recent years) producing films that are of the archetype I expect (from the ads) when I go in, and that also have enough embellishment to the core story that I enjoy watching the film. If it cost me 3-5 of today's dollars instead of 15 to see lesser films I might still go to some of them even if they are the usual Hollywood crap; instead of the premium product they want to trick me in to thinking they've made. The price around 2000 looks accurate, however in today's dollars I'm used to a /single ticket/ being much more like 12-15 USD (depends on time and theater; approximately double if counting dollars using your inflation scaling source). The actual validity of that scaling data can be questioned as the model used and variables it tracked can result in much different outcomes. Source: I remember it being not difficult to see a movie for slightly over 5 USD around ~15 years ago. Scripts enabled required article, not bothering to read. Similarly, Hollywood in general has shown me every other time that I've given 'film adaptation of X' in my life that the original form was better. Were I interested in the story of WoW I suppose the best form to experience it in would be in the actual game (I've heard players of that game admit that parts of it are better left un-played and that they are this fine with the now more rapid ascent to newer content in the game). A phone ringing is an interruption. Being expected to check your emails is an interruption. Someone entering or leaving past you is an interruption (this is why open plans and shared offices of any sort don't work well for tasks requiring open ended concentration). I don't actually believe that most people understand these issues, they don't understand the difference between the simple menial tasks, the small steps of implementing little details you've done a thousand times, and the large leap to actually keeping your mind full of a problem to solve. Consult a lawyer first. I'm not one, and am not a legal expert but such a statement sure sounds like potential defamation to me. Make sure you have proof to back up any statement you make. I've heard that many people like the store and the food, but I've also heard that the owner (and main profit taker) has some distressingly reprehensible views about taking freedoms and liberty from others so I've never eaten there and actively refrain from doing so. Adding to this; there is also economy of scale. Restaurants can buy in much larger quantity and receive a discount for doing so. It is more /resource/ efficient for restaurants to make meals as they disburse labor and ingredients over many households in one day, instead of a single household's resources and labor trying to use perishable items before they expire. The main issue that comes to my mind is of the more perishable items: greens, vegetables, fruits, and baked goods. I can, if I like, make my own rice at home, and bring in some fish to make sushi with. By the time I factor in labor and other costs I'm not actually sure that I've come out ahead of just going somewhere. For more complex dishes I don't think I do come out ahead. The simple dishes, like a sandwich, I would honestly like to be able to make my self, but that doesn't scale down well. A family, sharing the bread, meat, and greens, is really required to make that more economic. It would be so much easier if there were not-for-profit (or for very limited profit) places to buy freshly made things from. Yes, I agree with this. A major portion of this problem is that /minimum service/ is not specked. Up to is fine; but how much will I get when everyone wants to use it at once? Be honest, tell me a 'safe' number (this means pad it just a little, at least). Violating this number on a repeating, particularly repeatable basis, means that the portion of the bill which is going to pay for infrastructure upkeep (including expansion) needs to go to fixing this problem. Failure to have an expedient plan (parts on order by the end of the next business week, maintenance scheduled 'soon') for resolving this should lead to daily fines. I agree that playing, fullscreening, etc, a video should be a /protected/ action. However I believe that an end user should have SOME mechanism of allowing such actions on their behalf. If this sounds like a security model you are correct. Currently the lowest hanging fruit security model would be allowing a plugin to run client side and white-listing which domains it can work with (is triggered/loaded on). I do like it. However I am very wary of using the advanced features (beyond the de-fragmentation/scrubbing/balance kind) without a /good/ backup of the data on the system and a good retention policy. It has been my experience with using BTRFS for my own personal data that it's the less tested code paths which had / might have the issues you're describing. Things like sparse files (I got bit by this bug), snapshots (regular scrubbing and backups are things you're doing already right), and other features that are less frequently used. A small production cluster where I work uses XFS over BTRFS though, because of the very FUD that's mentioned and the type of storage happening on it matching the sparse pattern (even though that bug should be fixed). Why not do smart things such as requiring fire resistant exterior materials? This seems like yet another issue of baking the solution in to the specification instead of just asking for what you actually need/want. My guess is that the signature thing probably carries more weight as a contract for payment owed; and if that's not actually true it still feels true enough to make it more of a comfort to the retailers/customers. I agree with much of this on principle, however one of the first examples really strikes me as poorly conceived. One such example is the variable 'name'; there are a lot of other languages and contexts in which 'name' can be a reserved keyword. As a member on an object it's probably OK, but in a larger syntax it isn't quite precise enough. A better variable might be nameDisplay. This presumes that you are referring to the way that a user prefers their name to be displayed in native output; it does not attempt to make any distinction to name components which may or may not be applicable. I prefer (and am so far practicing my self) population control to bring the number of humans inhabiting Earth towards a /sustainable/ level with all living humans having the quality of life we'd like to see. What if you arrived at some point after you actually left? (Not the other data of you leaving arriving at that point) Granted I believe that doing so would probably involve bending space/time so that your actual position was in the new frame. I think something like an occlusion mask modifier (slice off this much from this side/corner) would be more useful. You've accurately observed what everyone in rush hour sees firsthand; how the poison distribution occurs in real life. Worse, if you're the one in that vanishing lane, behaving in those optimum for you ways, you're the winner. Automated driving, particularly if the automated driving lanes only obey 'safe driving speed' (not an actual limit) is the only real hope aside from a reduction in the traveling population. Speaking of that, the best solution to this issue and that of skyrocketing prices for housing of any sort is build-baby-build (in all the cities). I'll take your word on those numbers as they sound reasonable. However I do believe you've neglected the other points of the post which were about the value of access to the European market place and that 10% say in how said market is run. Those are costs / benefits which are not so easily counted before the painful divorce is complete. That is what I'm hoping for. I'm hoping that in a few weeks, after the international wake up call has finally reached the ears of those who voted with emotion instead of logic, there will actually be a full election in the UK. I then hope that with the backing of the people's vote getting new officials in to office that they resist the call to invoke Article 50, and instead bring grievances to the EU along with some ways that a more fair union can continue moving forward. This would show a more mature and world class level of leadership; and help to restore the confidence in the rest of the world that the UK won't cut off it's own legs out of spite. I'll take the view that they are saying: This is the way things are, and it's not going to change soon. The final inanity; what supports a compromised user device from simply submitting it's own copy of the form that it populated, or even transparently proxing the client and MitM on the compromised machine it's self so that it can change the submitted values? The market is clearly signaling that you've already run out of time. Where everyone seems to be getting confused is handling a live flow versus handling a finalized flow (a file). * Always pad to combat plain-text attacks, padding in theory shouldn't compress well so there's no point making the compression less effective by processing it. * Always compress a 'file' first to reduce entropy. * Always pad-up a live stream, maybe this data is useful in some other way, but you want interactive messages to be of similar size. * At some place in the above also include a recipient identifier; this should be counted as part of the overhead not part of the padding. * The signature should be on everything above here (recipients, pad, compressed message, extra pad). . It might be useful to include the recipients in the un-encrypted portion of the message, but there are also contexts where someone might choose otherwise; an interactive flow would assume both parties knew a key to communicate with each other on and is one such case. * The pad, message, extra-pad, and signature /must/ be encrypted. The recipients /may/ be encrypted. I did have to look up the sign / encrypt first question as I didn't have reason to think about it before. In general I've looked to experts in this field for existing solutions, such as OpenPGP (GnuPG being the main implementation). Getting this stuff right is DIFFICULT. My mostly uninformed gut reaction is that such an outcome is unlikely. The EU would probably /need/ to be too punitive to anyone attempting to leave to allow that; otherwise it risks everyone opting for that deal. The outcome that I hope for is that Article 50 is not invoked, and that instead everyone in the UK Government is replaced in a general election of no-confidence. What would be simply amazing is if some scheme for making multi-nationals pay taxes and environmental impacts properly was enforced in the first world markets. Actually in the context of security compressing the data you're about to encrypt still matters. The problem exposed by the CRIME exploit (and anything similar) is that the size of the payload also can be an indication of the data within it. To combat this, systems which are exchanging data interactively (in a stream) should further pad messages /up to/ a target size (which might be random per message). As I mentioned elsewhere there's no reason that data can't also be potentially useful (though it does become difficult to ensure that this isn't also a source of attack). The point in that case is to combat plain text (known value) attacks. Precisely how the padding / extra padding is distributed within the data stream to be encrypted is also an issue. The goal is to make it very difficult to guess where data will be represented if you do happen to know the plain text. My guess would be lack of eminent domain to force buyouts at reasonable market rates, or a lack of political will to make use of that ability. I was thinking about this the other night: In the world of an RPG why does my character go off and become an Adventurer instead of living a quiet, humble, out of the way life? In that fantasy world the normal quality of life isn't that good, and if you're just sitting around you're probably going to be picked off by some a-hole before natural old age. In that fantasy world if you go out and TRY to have adventure your hard work, blood, and tears usually result in a better outcome. You did good, you get good rewards. I think the real reason our society feels so vulnerable to 'radicalization' is that there is a distinct breakdown in 'the dream'; in the belief that you can put forth work and actually be rewarded. Or even in the ability to take that risk without starving/growing ill and ending up in a poverty spiral. The people demand fulfillment, and meaningful lives; they want dignity and respect for their contribution to the whole. I really like that idea. It should also cause businesses to push for LIMITING the number of voting holidays so that things are bundled up properly. You still want to compress in the first place as a means of removing entropy and some known plain text if possible. Most systems that give you the option of compressing or not do so because you may have already used some other method of compressing the data (E.G. it's a video file or already a compressed transport archive). The addition of padding, even worthless (hopefully at least pseudo-random) garbage, up to some reasonable minimum message size, is a form of making analysis of message /size/ useless. So this appears to be an ad for pay content. I really don't know what /free/ content to read and thus have an opinion. I like the way that the 'rent' on the property encourages the builder to actually produce a product that will survive the purchase period. It would be interesting if you could selectively do that, to pay your taxes with the asset valued at that purchase rate. Ads really need to be put on a diet. * Either a /static/ image or colored text * Normalized (re-packed, stripped of all other data, etc) * Vetted by a human somewhere to not be 'misleading in appearance' (not checking facts, but making sure that it doesn't look like a download button or anything else not obviously an ad) * Based on the content of the context and nothing else (you can bake them statically based on the story and/or comments thread on the page) I think you're on the correct track, but a concept that I saw and loved from one of the many earlier tax related discussions offers a more clear solution. Tax ownership of assets. It's rather difficult to hide that /someone/ owns a phone, a car, a house, some land. Tax the ownership of value, not it's transfer. Globally you would see the impact of sales increase taxes most where the profit actually accumulates; assuming that those types of values are taxed properly. In practice I would imagine that this would be increasing taxes on ownership of 'financial instruments'. It's actually a rather logical set of steps, it follows the same pattern as elsewhere probably for the same underlying reasons. Compiled once is easier to develop, prove correct and validate functionality. Just in time offers convenience in deferring compilation, but increases storage requirements and can decrease the initial runtime performance due to compiling the code. If you have spare cores this starts to make more sense. If you have a mechanism of profiling and automatically tuning the optimization of frequently used codepaths / infrequently used ones then JIT also starts to have payoffs (this is where human hours making a smarter compiler pay off across many applications that don't warrant the human hours optimizing directly). It actually is. In Washington state there are signs along parts of the freeway reminding motorists to 'Keep right except to pass'; this is a friendly re-wording of state law. I have -never- seen a police officer pull someone over for violating this law. I also agree with the sibling poster that points out that the speed limits on roadways seem low. I know of a few residential areas where the roads are improperly not arterial (but should be due to traffic volume) leading to lower speed limits than they would otherwise appear to support. Highways should also have condition based speed limits; but really I'd prefer the HOV lanes are replaced with 'self driving car' lanes that have a speed limit in law, but based on the evaluation of the automated vehicles. Probably carpools should be given a kick-back based on occupancy volume. I disagree. We design automation in an attempt to do things, more easily, better, faster, or longer than humanly possible. I do believe that Tesla's cars are likely an aid to, and in many cases better than, a human driver. I think, however, that a more full sensor package will be desired: one that can detect changes at multiple elevations and in many directions. One that is more than humanly ability offers. In other words: The driver might have needed to react before the auto-pilot realized it needed to react (let along could humanly respond). There are two things that I take away from this. * Auto-pilot should probably just keep going (or bring to a as controlled stop as possible). * It should also collect more data to hopefully warn the driver more in advance. From the description of this accident it sounds as if the Tesla was traveling normally down a lane, and happened to cross UNDER a vehicle which was bisecting that lane (the precise conditions were not clear from my reading; it could be that the trailer was at a crossroads of somekind, or that it was veering across said lane). In the case of any normal crossing or intersection the driver should have taken over manual control. In the case of a sudden deviation of other vehicles planned paths, I have doubts the driver could have reacted in a timely and safe manor, even without the automation. Though an even more complete sensor system may have allowed the automation to detect and react faster than a human could. I agree it shouldn't be a secret. However it isn't a level playing field if some companies have secrets and other's don't. If all agreements between public companies and other entities had to be public then the playing field would be more level and the figures in this case would have already been public. For someone not from Europe; what sort of worker protections would you like to highlight (also what is the healthcare like there)? I have experienced far too many meetings without agendas. I would __much__ rather see two types of meetings. b) A brainstorming session where ideas are proposed (just exactly that, no further discussion of them, even though that part is difficult). v) A meeting where voting on pre-discussed ideas happens; this assumes you have a discussion mechanism of some sort outside of meetings. I feel a need to disagree. Large companies or states very likely have the means of associating the flow of transactions to other metadata and thus revealing whom is doing what within Bitcoin. Only in cases of careful opsec practice could someone mine clean coins which don't have a clear owner identity and thus transfer / accumulate secret wealth. However once there is a pattern or even direct connection to that wealth you've undone the isolation work. I like the idea of preserving public records with a block chain. However if the 'currency' of that block chain is in fact based on it tracking other assets as securities then it calls for a constant need to evaluate the actual value of those backing securities. This makes it so that there is not one value (BTC or equivalent) but instead a portfolio of assets (like stocks/bonds). I'd like to see something to drive the adoption of 'local relative' offsets. It has to be better than 9am is breakfast, noon is lunch, and 6pm is dinner; in that it has to be short and memorable. The time of an event that happened needs to just be UTC; period. The time that something is planned might not be an event, but could be a relative reference. The only difference in actions that I see is intent and exposure of public information: Snowden attempted to whistle-blow through reputable non-government actors (Reporters living in a very public spotlight) for the benefit of the people. Snowden's actions were driven by the belief of being a true patriot. Hillary meanwhile willingly bypassed operation security for personal convince, benefit, and quite probably as a means of evading oversight and data retention/discovery measures. The lapse in security cannot be estimated as their practices were so poor that any measurement is not possible; it is very likely that TIMELY, SENSITIVE, information made it in to the hands of foreign powers thoughtful enough to have even 'script kiddies' attempt to breach a very publicly known server. How about an arcology overhaul route? Make more of the 'common' inner areas a combination of hydroponics (above) and greenway parks (beneath). Use skylights and/or artificial sun-lamps as necessary/effective. With some materials changes I can imagine a moving walkway of sorts. However like at the airport it would be a lot more pleasant to use /within/ an at least partially enclosed environment. Every time I think of this type of topic I wonder how long we're going to leave cities the way they are now. Having at least glassed over streets, separated pedestrian and roadway layers (makes sense when both need more space), and later stopping cars at the border entirely and having a network of the moving walkways within makes sense. It sounds like Skylake is better at isolating sub-threads via result dependencies AND/OR it has more resources to utilize for your particular example. I wonder if it has some form of adaptation based on how likely it feels the parallelism is to pay off versus the power cost of that failure. As far as ANY education goes, successfully providing children with a means of being a productive member of society provides them with 'things to loose' and thus they are far less likely to be a 'non-productive' as either a flat resource drain, or worse, as someone forced to find methods of employment that drain resources from others (such as crime). I suspect you'd get the most RoI on education related to what the economy needed at the time. However if the market is compensating employees fairly* then students will likely pick what enjoy doing which also best fits the needs of the economy (as dictated by the benefits of the job). *For example, when you have to hire employees from out of nation requiring that they make 2X or more of the median pay for the job in that area, and also allowing this valued employee to freely take any other similar offer (2X median pay in the area of the job) as well as have a fast track to citizenship. I think that's both why they were so expensive back in the day AND why it was so hard to develop on (all I have -ever- heard about developing games for that platform). I didn't lookup the exact Tweet, however based on the precise language of the linked article it is possible that the following occurred: * Driver engaged the autopilot (assist) * Driver did not have hands on the wheel long enough for the Tesla to disengage the autopilot. * Driver may have instinctively reacted by applying acceleration to stay at speed, without further reacting. * Vehicle crashed due to no steering control; auto-pilot not engaged and driver reckless for not being in control and situational awareness of the vehicle. If I needed to get a new vehicle today (and there wasn't a waiting list) I think I'd probably get a Tesla; however I don't think I'd use the automation as I agree with the Google Self Driving Car stance on this form of technology. For that same reason I don't even like contemporary cruse control. Diversity, and probably a hedge on prices. They don't really need 50 story buildings, at least not a lot. What they DO need is to replace a lot of the single resident housing units with multiple-dwelling-units. Nice condos probably wouldn't be too bad. Better would be high-density mixed commercial / residential areas ringed by parks and with good transit connections. The price of housing is over-inflated. You don't want that price to be normal. It could be argued that the valuation on their property being out of whack is an issue of mismanagement by the local government. In that case a better approach might be to allow for a majority of that improper pricing to be written off over a number of years as a tax credit. You're already feeling that pain, in housing or not. The dysfunction is systemic and it's influence spreads. It's like not having universal healthcare; the problem manifests to a point where too expensive to ignore any longer cases show up in the ER. Then it gets built in to the prices everyone that can pay pays. I like the trim() functions that accept a list (of some form) for 'characters to remove'. It is far more deterministic (better worse case outcome) to follow this approach than it is to run a regexp. I suspect it's a little bit of that, and also a little bit of... well you know what that song says the Internet is for. For those that can afford it, they can send the car back for family to use. I think it would depend on the 'why' of the firing. However to mention it at all without telling you something like "You're replacing X, who is being investigated on criminal charges for/related to..." IE you have a legacy mess that you'll be cleaning up; yeah that's extremely unprofessional and likely unethical. How far away is the nearest gym? Are there even any 'stops where you might meet others for lunch? Pretty much, what is the density of the tech-aware crowd in that area? Another good one: are the near by ash trays in use? If you're a non-smoker (like me) this is a red flag too. Serious question here: Are there any companies that aren't at least a little messy? They are run by humans, so if there's NO dirt at all isn't that a tell as well? Someone has to, otherwise you pay for more people to house people in jail... (one way or another; retrain the poor for jobs that exist, enact a Basic Income Guarantee, make being poor a crime, or try to starve the poor which will drive them to crime). Short version: Urban environments with well planned transit corridors make useful service far more likely. Suburban environments make 'coverage' more likely, but not effective coverage or coverage that is useful for those that would need it the most (anyone unable to afford personal transport). Rural environments are just shafted; there can't even be the pretense of economically viable coverage. I can't help but imagine how self-driving cars would change the above; when you can have an automated taxi take you directly from point A to point B, or maybe share one or two stops at most with carpoolers along the way. My question, seeing a form like that, is what is the resume field actually for? Would the resume be used for the actual screening/selection process, or is it instead just to get all of the other details that might be necessary later in the hiring process as a catch-all? Most humans aren't rational though. Even those of us that try to be more often can still be sabotaged by our emotions working against us, instead of for us. I suspect 'gut' emotional feelings are an good side channel for reaching desirable outcomes usually more quickly or in more cases than logic; which would explain why we evolved to have them. What (lowest tier) management material SHOULD (IMO) be. You might still need someone above you to function as the team's abstraction layer to the company at large, but it sounds like you'd be a great leader among the actual workers. I view it as the study went looking for X, and to it's surprise didn't see X, but happened to see statistical significance in Y. However the study did not have the scope to determine why Y occurred. I think the most likely thing that changed over time is Z: the first wave(s) of feminism began to liberate females from the traditional limitations of roles in society. However the true from of feminism is a recognition and reconstruction based around /all/ gender roles being bad for mental health, emotional health, and positive relations among individuals. Men haven't had that liberation; a large part of society still believes in specific roles and responsibilities for men that coupled females are (at their option) exempted from. This probably leads to increased stress to both individuals and also an increased risk of negative feedback loops for the situation and everyone involved. The inherent bias in society is even reflected in the premise of the study. It's tracking a specific type of male/female relationship and a specific correlation of role towards problems. Instead a more balanced study would look at the starting condition, determine what percentage of the population (restricting to males and females alone is OK, but including all sets of couples is better) fits different configurations, and tracking for outcomes as well as associated economic, emotional, mental, and physical health in the related intervals would be a better study design. The study might also have a follow-up for 'marriage failure' cases where isolation of the root causes is performed. As a resident of 'Washington' I would prefer you qualify the capitol of the nation by either it's full name 'Washington District of Columbia' or the common short-hands there of 'Washington DC' or just 'DC'. Please, stop confusing the state and the city liberated from all states in the nation. I find the argument to be slightly different. Today money matters in so much as getting things that need to be done to happen. Things like quality medical care, a place to live, and 'workers' to get those things done. Money past that, money as a form of arbitrary luxury, is far too transitory. Once you reach that point you have very little marginal change in your situation, status signaling, or other measures; you have reached saturation on the 'good' money can do for you. I think that most of the people who support Universal-BIG just want to get rid of the wasteful feedback loops in the low end of that equation. Everyone should have good food, good living areas, and good healthcare as a member of society. It establishes a more level playing field for all other activities and removes a lot of the wasteful expenditures of time and energy. It also cuts down on the 'alternative' means of achieving such basic support (ending up in jail or revolving hospitalization and being a drain on society). Does this mean money should cease existing? No, but for a lot of things it would no longer be related. There might be a quality missing with ebooks, or even stories on websites (my typical method of reading something for fun today), that printed books have. I think ordering online, and automated small batch runs are how a more luxury item (printed books) are going to be delivered in the future. Just like today you special order prints of legacy audio containers. Cities with few bookstores only has a marginal correlation with how people obtain reading material versus the cost of having a store in that city. I hate having to enable JavaScript just to read a website. It was worth it for this one though, just one main thing; still I almost didn't click it, I often don't. - I see that same mentality reflected in far too many places, no one wants to hire for a career anymore; and that's what 'tenure' is at a college. The 'contract' in society between the working class and those who employee them is beyond broken. Yet those programs would happily take on more than their replacement rate, while at the same time not being upfront about the actual chances of getting a job. Why aren't they building a fiber optic link? Is it that the shipping channel makes it too likely for disruption of the link? I support ending sprawl, but there are factors that drive people to it. (Perceived or real) * Quality of education for their children. * Privacy (space/sound insulation) * Nature (if you move far enough out, then wonder why wildlife 'invades') * Investment (housing shouldn't be, but it is; also rent is too high) I'm not confused, I assume they mean /more compatible/ (with hardware on the shelf). Even assuming coal, at least it is easier to install proper scrubbing in large fixed installations like generation plants. I'm not sure about the tradeoff in efficiency between electricity transmission and generation in larger capacity: I'm just going to assume the cost and benefit in this set cancel out since we have more larger installations than local power generation. My intuition on ice: * Black ice is clear because it is ice with nearly ice water as lubricant (and black because heat absorption makes it more likely for dark ground to cause it first); I think everyone accepts this. * Truly cold ice is more difficult. I suspect that it's easy for any piece that does stick to break off (under an uneven compression force), which provides a lot of small pieces that prefer to not stick to the ice it's self. Ice sticks to ice cube trays because it froze there and is thus force balanced to there. That's where I'd begin with theory and experiments if I wanted to take the time and effort to figure this out. I want to inline a linked reference and provide a summary as a form of protecting the reference against link-rot. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_No_Asshole_Rule Their unpleasant behaviours were catalogued by Sutton as The Dirty Dozen: (Robert Cipriano (2011), "No Jerks Allowed in This Department", Facilitating a Collegial Department in Higher Education, John Wiley and Sons, ISBN 978-1-118-10764-5) Insults Violation of personal space Unsolicited touching Threats Sarcasm Flames Humiliation Shaming Interruption Backbiting Glaring Snubbing Have you had better experiences when you modify the design to use an UNLOGGED table and update such a table within a transaction? (I assume most of the use cases are as a cache for data that actually exists elsewhere) It would have been nice if someone had linked me to that while I was still in HS, though I couldn't take both the tech path and the chemistry class; would have been wonderful. Yup, that's how I found this guy's blog the first time. http://blogs.sciencemag.org/pipeline/archives/2008/02/26/san... I don't recall the previous discussions, but without outright ruling out possibilities for things... * If it is some structure being built at/around the star, has anyone done the math on the rate of such a structure occluding the star from us to match the observed rate of change? * On a similar line of reasoning, what if the star were either being drained as a power source or caught in some kind of SG1 (that stargate TV series) level disaster? To be clear, I don't think that they're likely, but I'd rather they were eliminated for an obvious actual flaw instead of simply being unlikely. From an intelligent life angle, what would really save us is that, aside from a number of planets to observe, we haven't really been all that interesting until the last 100-200 years; when we started actually emitting signs of intelligent life in to space. There are exactly two correct ways of handling a phone number. * A text input field (which you will store as the user entered) * What will eventually be coerced in to a series of just numbers in a string. I think that depends on if it's garbage (noise) or an actual understanding (signal). 'AI' solutions don't always solve the problem you're trying to train them on, sometimes they solve the problem of giving you the expected answer from the samples you give them. You don't use an external ID. You use an internal ID that you control, which fits the requirements of your design. External authenticators can then associate to your internal account as you design. If the external authenticators can be 'renamed' you'll want to insist on a sidechannel (often email) and recovery process for that channel (or SMS is popular). Any data you collect can and will be used against your customers in the event of liquidation and/or oppressive governments in the jurisdictions your servers are hosted in: I recommend allowing 'email only' as an option for your users. All information required to build, package, and install; as well as a license for anyone using or working on affected hardware to the copyright and patents involved for use with affected devices.