1) Productivity. I get a lot more done. 2) Great UNIX implementation. 3) Great file/user/permission organization. 4) Super-easy backups, with no command line switches to remember. 5) Since I have a Mac, my boss steers me toward fun projects like getting started with iPhone development. 6) Feeling of investing in myself, making a commitment to getting a lot done. Turns out the Mac helps a LOT with that. Can't see the flash preview thingy on the lower right. Can see the other ones. I've seen this before with flash in Firefox. Might be an interaction with the AdBlock extension, which can be uninstalled over my dead body. ;-) When this happens on other sites, I just scroll down until the top of the flash item reaches the top of the browser, and then it displays. Can't use this workaround on your site, because there isn't any more content to scroll down to after that. BTW I don't mean to complain! Nice looking site. I'm just assuming you were hoping for feedback, so there it is. For anyone wondering the other question, what about salaries for experienced developers, keep in mind the numbers others are sharing here are just what was asked for, -starting- salaries. After a few years, the salaries are much higher, but still under $150K. $130K plus options is pretty standard in the West Coast for an experienced developer with or without any degree. Seems to have jumped up some in the last couple years along with gas prices. Google, though, pays less. GroundWork ( http://www.groundworkopensource.com/ ). It uses Nagios under the hood, but I wouldn't want to set up Nagios by hand (without the GroundWork config tools) at a largish site like ours. Are you trying to goad the nyt by aping their design style? Well done, in any case. Love the credibility concept, but it will be challenging to pull off. For one thing, people will treat the 'credible' button as an upvote button, and use it for stories where they agree with the headline or think the headline should be seen by more people. Nothing wrong with that, except that the site isn't providing anything new. Also people can be misled about credibility because the content comes from a branded site they already agree is credible, but that could be wrong too -- see how the New York Times messed up the Wen Ho Lee story. Also the herd tends to miss a lot, so I'm not sure sorting which news I see and don't see based on the (distorted, see above) herd consensus is a good thing. We already have plenty of sites that do that, and they are riddled with rickrolls and two girls one cup. The best Unix machine you can get (things just work, no driver issues) is a MacBook Pro. It also allows you to develop for iPhone, and for Windows if you use Parallels or VMware. If cost (comparing with crappy Dells that come with Vista, egads) is an issue, I invite you to check your wallet for this amazing device called a credit card. It's worked wonders for me. Google Docs. All the little Microsoft-friendly touches and branding tie-ins of Zoho just rub the wrong way. If they are spending that much time making things work well with Outlook, Office, and, ugh, MS IE, that's that much less time they have to make things work well for better platforms, so I don't trust them to keep improving it at the same pace as GD can maintain. S3. I have a script that takes one argument, a directory name. It encrypts the directory name and adds a timestamp, to make a filename that reveals nothing about the contents of the file except for the time it was created. It stores the original directory name along with the encrypted directory name in a local log file, so I can tell what's what later. Then it zips the directory and its contents into a file, names it with the encrypted filename, and does a GPG encryption of the file. Then it uploads it to Amazon S3 and cleans up after itself. All of this is completely automated once I type in the command. I do it for my project directory, which contains all my projects for the calendar year, periodically. After the year closes out, I start a new year and the old files (from previous years) stay safe and unchanged on S3. Over the course of a year, if a few backups for the same year pile up, I usually delete the old ones. I haven't automated that part. This scheme is OK for backing up a few important directories, if they aren't large, like for source code, just what you asked about -- a few hundred megabytes will cost just pennies a month on Amazon. It's not a SVN or GIT solution, but it gives you total privacy, rather than relying on a third party to do the encryption for you. Each idea becomes a project, even if it is a potential project. Projects are under a year (2008) directory under a 'work' directory (where work refers to something I'm working on, as in in-progress, not work as in job). But job stuff can go under work/{year}/projname too. So then I have: ~/work/2006/proj1 ~/work/2006/proj2 ~/work/2006/projn ~/work/2007/proj1 ~/work/2007/projn ~/work/2008/proj1 ~/work/2008/projn etc. Then when something is really finished and polished, I move it to a ~/proj/projname directory. That happens only rarely. I've been reconsidering this and might start keeping everything in its original place under ~/work/{year}/projname The other systems I've tried suffer from not being scalable as the years go by. Periodically I back up each year (zipped and gpged) to Amazon S3 with a script. Sometimes a project will span years, of course. When that happens I decide on a case-by-case basis whether to do a symbolic link back to one original project directory, or whether to start fresh at some point with a clean set of files for that project, leaving the cruft behind but still intact in a previous year. Inside each project I can still use version control for the project. Some projects are just repositories for ideas. Projects can be my own, or they can be me playing with third party tools I've downloaded. Even just a new open source package I'm installing might get its own project, with all files, if it's tricky and I want to make my own installation notes for future reference. All project directories have a notes.txt file (or can have, at least). I have a 'tagthis' script that takes text tags as argument and adds the new tags to header lines in notes.txt in the current directory. Then later I can grep for these tags. Works pretty well so far. It gives me the freedom to call anything, even an idea I don't have time to work on right now, a project and make a starting place for it. So-called projects in this scheme are very, very informal, so it's a very light weight system that doesn't get in my way, yet it keeps everything organized forever. he.net is wonderful, and has very, very low latency connectivity. No fancy GUI control panel (at least not that I've noticed), just plain ssh access to a good shell and you're on your way. They answer the phone on the second or third ring, a real human, maybe because most of their users are good enough not to need any support. That being said, I'm now looking for a new provider too, because they host only one domain for the cheap accounts. My old boss used to have a long and very well-delivered spiel on the history of the wheel (literally) and its continual reinvention. One good way to make the point. Plus by reinventing, you get to own your work, you learn the problem space, you develop processes for execution, you train your team, you start collecting valuable usage data, you position yourself in the market... and all those reasons are on top of the fact that you can probably make some kick-ass improvements. Usually the success stories are products built on top of, or around, open source software. Suites that include support, integration services, and add-ons. Often these companies contribute back to the open source projects, while also keeping some of their own work proprietary. Then charge on a subscription model. Perl is more readable to someone who knows Perl, because it gives you indications what type each variable is: $ for scalars (single values without dimension) @ for arrays % for hashes (like python's dictionaries) With python, you have to guess. Of course, many people who are intimidated by Perl have made the same statement about readability, and it is often repeated unthinkingly. That doesn't mean it's true. On the other hand, Perl does make it easier to write unreadable code. Just like any powerful tool -- cars, telephones -- it can be abused. All that being said, I think Python is a great choice too; I just disagreed on the readability point. Yes, Perl encourages readability in the language by one of its language features, the helpful prefixes in front of variable names. Wow, that sure was content-free. I bet there's pretty close to an inverse relationship between the percentage spent for gas, and the percentage spent for housing, especially when you normalize for income. Would be interesting to see some mashups of this type of data. You've been extorted? Well, pass the extortion right on down. Or, do what I do, bribery. Earn a bankroll of neopoints at neopets.com, and give them out as payment for programming exercises completed. My daughter (nine) just earned 30,000 neopoints from me yesterday for doing three easy Python programming exercises (where easy, starting out, means something like "cut and paste this and get it to run, with help from Dad allowed" and then goes from there). How to earn lots of neopoints? Neopian stocks, mostly. Scratch is so good you can even use Scratch time as a reward, if you're mean enough to do that. For editing of Python, we're trying out Pico, which is like an Emacs lite, with the main useful commands clearly shown at the bottom of the screen. Who said evolution happens only here and not elsewhere? Life is tricky to define, but the most likely scenario is life does not develop first - it develops only after a process of evolution of replicating stuff that would not be considered alive by most definitions. Eventually, after billions of years with trillions of petri dishes worth of different little evolution experiments all happening in parallel on each of billions of planets, some of them gain replication mechanisms that are complex enough that they could be considered alive. Evolution leads up to this point, and continues after it. Don't forget getting a hosting provider with low latency. Actual hostnames have been changed to protect the guilty and to avoid spamming on behalf of the innocent. If you really want to know, the IP address is there. BAD: $ ping suckyhosting.com PING suckyhosting.com (66.39.3.7): 56 data bytes 64 bytes from 66.39.3.7: icmp_seq=0 ttl=56 time=85.547 ms 64 bytes from 66.39.3.7: icmp_seq=1 ttl=56 time=85.164 ms 64 bytes from 66.39.3.7: icmp_seq=2 ttl=56 time=84.244 ms 64 bytes from 66.39.3.7: icmp_seq=3 ttl=56 time=89.111 ms ^C --- suckyhosting.com ping statistics --- 4 packets transmitted, 4 packets received, 0% packet loss round-trip min/avg/max/stddev = 84.244/86.017/89.111/1.848 ms GOOD: $ ping myprovider.net PING myprovider.net (216.218.186.2): 56 data bytes 64 bytes from 216.218.186.2: icmp_seq=0 ttl=57 time=12.773 ms 64 bytes from 216.218.186.2: icmp_seq=1 ttl=57 time=11.947 ms 64 bytes from 216.218.186.2: icmp_seq=2 ttl=57 time=12.747 ms 64 bytes from 216.218.186.2: icmp_seq=3 ttl=57 time=15.037 ms Geography matters too, but even for locale-specific sites, it may be better to have a US-based provider with super-great network connections (with good access to a MAE, for example), hopefully also redundant connections, than to have a poorly-connected provider closer to the geographic region you are serving. If an order of magnitude speedup is "astonishing" then the field must have become overconfident and complacent. Great to see someone rocking the boat. But does anyone care to explain any more (in English, for us plebes) more about how this is astonishing? I'm not challenging the assessment; I'm just curious about what it means. And some interesting words from one of the other papers: what are "classifier regret" and "ranking regret"? Is that a metric of how often you go down the wrong path or something? hehe, yes, that was well done. Your examples lend themselves to confusing answers, so I am changing the examples to use my own examples, which are of course totally clear and correct. Here's how the record in your zone file should look: foo IN CNAME lalala.bigpipe.com. The above (from foo all the way to .com.) should all be on one line. Note the . at the end is required. Now let's say this is the zone file on your web site, googoogaga.com. Now after this record takes effect, people can point to: http://foo.googoogaga.com/ and they will get files from lalala.bigpipe.com, but their browser address bar will continue to show them foo.googoogaga.com. Nice, huh? You do not need to have access to the zone file on bigpipe.com; you only need to have access to put your content files you are serving onto lalala.bigpipe.com. Well, that is, unless you are using their content files. About your proposed solution of "clusters": Getting people to explore outside of their comfort zone, and letting them encounter ideas that challenge their faith-based views, is actually a good thing. Insular clusters do sound "safe" but I would not assume that is a net positive. Male bonding activities are never wasted time. Seriously. Even something as small as going along on a beer run, might get you a position on a board twenty years from now, or a great job in an amazing place, or, by far the most valuable of all possibilities, crash space on a sofa in San Francisco. There may be some truth to that. Don't lose your one opportunity to do it right. Forget about wild terrorist threats. The important thing is that self updating features are a bad idea for any product, hardware or software, that might someday be the target of litigation. I met the Slingbox founders at an EFF event once, and one of them told me that they deliberately left a self-updating capability out of the Slingbox, on the advice of an EFF lawyer. Hurricane Electric shared hosting. Pros: super low latency connections, ssh access, decent setup, no frills, $10/month. Cons: they don't keep their installations in the bleeding edge version-wise. I use Perl a lot. They are at 5.8.0, which is not bad, but not the very latest. Of course you can install your own anything (perl, python, ruby, etc.) in user space, which makes library management more simple too. Unknowns: I've never had it tested under a serious load. Just playing around. I WISH there was a host that gave me the speed, simplicity and low price of HE but also supported more than one domain name on the same account (for the same price). There are sites that do that, but typically they have something else wrong with them, such as having the "feature" of being control-panel based. Tried to click on the 'register now' link, and waited about two minutes for something from 'engine27.woopra.com' to load, and got impatient. The page never loaded. I don't want my potential users to have this kind of experience. I would have been a potential customer, but no thanks. For me it's because I understand the argument against the existence of God. Specifically, a God, meaning some kind of conscious all-knowing, all-powerful entity that exists somehow "beyond" time, would have to be a thing of organized complexity. And organized complexity does not just "exist beyond time." Somehow, this kind of organized complexity has to come in to being. No, it does not "just exist." We do know one process for bringing organized complexity into being, and that is evolution. So far, it's the only process we know about for creating organized complexity on the scale required for consciousness and intelligence. We don't know of any other processes that can do this. That doesn't prove that there aren't other ways. But. You tell me. If God knows everything, where did he/it get that knowledge? If God "just exists", explain: how is that possible? Your non-explanation, to me, proves nothing. Rather than saying "I can't prove leprechauns exist, so therefore you must accept that they might exist" I am very content to say "I do not believe that leprechauns exist." Period. End of story. Same with God. No reason to believe. Even Pascal's wager is flawed, because you lose so much by living your life according to faith, that it is not worth it, especially considering how unlikely it is that a complete perfect all-knowing all-powerful intelligence would just spring into being beyond time. "and I totes love it." Huh? Totes? What? I guess I'm just not cool enough for this site. So, if I understand this correctly, I could start uploading a 2GB file, and, while it is still uploading, my recipient could start downloading it, even before the upload has finished? Did I get that right? I do not believe in leprechauns. In fact, I actually do believe that there is NOT a leprechaun dancing around my feet at this very moment. Note this is different from having "no belief." I also feel this way about God, because intelligence, which is a kind of organized complexity, does not just spring into existence without some stage of organization such as evolution, at least as far as we know. I'm willing to be convinced otherwise, but it would take more than empty assertions to do so. So that makes me an atheist. Of course, someone claiming "no belief in God" is also an atheist, but one of a different flavor. (You know, strong versus weak atheism). To agnostics, I have only one question: If you are agnostic about God, are you also agnostic about the invisible leprechauns dancing around your feet? I steer clear of rock star job listings too. I suspect it means they have a weak team, weak technology, or both, or some kind of tangled mess, and they hope someone can come and fix it all for them while the other team members hold their responsibility at arm's length. No mention of the pervasive nepotism at work in knol authorship. It looks like Google employees and family members have been given the first mover advantage for owning many of the lucrative knol topics. Nice and clean, but the omnipresent dollar signs might put off a lot of people. I'd suggest deemphasizing those a bit and adding some content to interest people who are still thinking about what to spend their money on. Tease them in the door, and don't greet them with a cash register as soon as they come in. Most attack sites do. Appear to be perfectly safe, that is. For anyone who wants to read the article, this works. (I put in URL_HERE as a placeholder because HN truncates the URL): lynx --dump URL_HERE > output.txt Ironic that to read the article, I used a technique that solves the problem the article is talking about solving. In a much easier way, I might add! The OC? What is that? I had to Google it and I still am not sure what you mean. Yeah, I don't get out much. VMware snapshots. Before multiple snapshots, I didn't get the value of VMware. AWS S3 AWS EC2 Yahoo Music subscription service, back when it 1) existed and 2) ran on an OS I had (W2k). Moose xmavisx on wretch.cc Of the churches you've heard of doing that, which denominations were they, may I ask? I wonder if any churches would go so far as to post this on the web. >GINA prohibits employers/insurers from discriminating against you based on your genetic info Laws change. And the value of words like "discriminating" also changes with various interpretations. There are right and wrong ways to protect the privacy of customers. Relying on laws is one of the wrong ways. What's your average page size? Does your crawler support gzip compressed transfers? What speed is your Comcast link? No, I was serious. When I look at a variable in Python, say, p, to take an example from the code shown in the Python documentation, there is no way to tell what p is. Is it an array? A dictionary? A tuple? Something else? With Perl I get more information just by looking at the variable. That makes it more readable. Python, on the other hand, is still very nice. Maybe one of these days it will get me, especially if the libraries grow to match the breadth of CPAN. I love these kinds of retorts-to-the retorts. Let's start. 1. Yeah, he didn't miss the point though. Better weather means people take good weather for granted, and don't get all gah-gah about it. The keep working, even on sunny days. Californians on the beach? Sure, there are a few, but mostly in the dreams of people who don't live here. 2. The claim was that there are lots of better people. You're right, they aren't automatically better (did he say that?). But there certainly are a lot of great ones, who didn't get that way automatically, but did so with training and experience and exposure. 3. More options is generally not a bad thing. Someone even won a Nobel prize for showing that to be true. Who are we to argue with a Nobel prize winner? 4. Exit is an option. Again, options are good. Where did the guy say you "need" an exit to be successful? I missed that part. Oh, and speaking of prettiest girls at the dance, in Silicon Valley, well, actually, never mind, but trust me, it is just a nice part of the country. 5. Again, I missed the part where she/he said it is the "only" place where a startup can be successful. Good board members can be found anywhere, but they can be found here more often, in greater numbers, through more contacts, with a greater diversity of interests. And teleconferencing works here, too! 6. It's in the Bay Area, which is actually kind of OK in terms of attracting people. Hope the link works. To be fair, it's not a picture of Silicon Valley proper, but of the Bay Area, of which Silicon Valley is a part: http://flickr.com/photos/22779657@N00/1697466173/sizes/l/in/... Assuming that people purchase Macs just as a kind of sexual signal is infantile thinking that projects your own motivations onto others. What you think people think is not the same as what they think. I buy Macs because they help me get more shit done. End of story. He suggests steep fines. Those funds better be escrowed before the ad is placed, or it won't work. A much better stick would be a throttling of access to that medium for the perpetrator. The problem is hit-and-run attacks from allied but autonomous entities that melt into thin air (as with Swift Boat and Al Queda), leaving no assets and nothing to lose. How about punishing not just the people who placed the ad, but the side which benefited from their unfair use of the media? The best solution would be an informed electorate that pays attention to reality, but that's just a nice dream in a country where 70% or more believe in a fairy-God. And this factoid is on the front page of HN why, exactly? They could all learn programming and then they would earn closer to $130K/year, I suppose, but does that make it relevant to HN? I've got the opposite kind of thing going on here in my life, with a super-warm, and that's putting it politely, laptop. Can these guys do anything for me, I wonder? Just one word about Knol: nepotism. Solar electric for, back of the envelope, maybe 1/3rd of the US total electricity supply. I'm not an electric power expert - maybe someone with actual expertise will correct me. A non-failing bank, I hope. Not bad at all. I guess you're scraping Wikipedia for a lot of the disambiguation descriptions. The hits in a disambiguated topic after the first page need some work. Many in the wrong topics. But still, not bad for a beginning. I suggest duckduck.com instead of duckduckgo.com. The flashy logo page might be the only reason some people use it. They'll like the fact that they can show off that they have found a different tool. But that's just a small set of certain types of people. Me, I'd prefer a simple tool that takes up less space and is less flashy. I was surprised RMS wasn't on their list. Anyone able to access the link? Seems to have been down for the last couple of hours, even though the main site norvig.com comes up just fine. Heckofa job, Republicans. If it's a mass-market kind of thing, maybe. If it's a niche application, then not so much. You do know that it's OK to have more than one email address, I suppose. But then, remaining unemployable probably has its upside too ;-). Test::More for Perl. Watir (ruby-scriptable driving of a browser) for web UI testing. No source... lame. Host offshore, but put heavy assets on AWS S3? I don't have an answer on the host, but thought this idea might help, since offshore hosts can be slower for US access. Amazon might be pussies too, I don't know; but this might buy you time. I would think it would have a bearing. Wimps are wimps. I retract my AWS S3 suggestion. This is just sad. Go back to reddit, please. Just because interracial couples can't produce pure-bred babies in the same way as same-race couples, and just as same-sex, infertile, and "mature" (beyond the healthy child bearing years) couples cannot conceive children together in the same way as some people... doesn't mean a tyranny of the majority should have the ability to take away their civil rights. >Conservatives do not shy away from the reality... Um, Jesus walking on water? Talking snakes? Worshiping a book that condones slavery? Believing that there is a "God" that just popped into being out of nowhere existing beyond time, and that this idea is more likely than the universe just always existing beyond time? The Branch Davidians called. They want their delusion back. BTW your comments about liberals don't apply to all of us. I'd be very happy to offend you, and I'm sure it wouldn't be hard, since you seem to be a conservative. Interracial couples can never have pure-race children naturally. So would you say that makes them different enough that they should not be eligible for marriage? Defined how? * A nun is married to God (in some religions) * A priest is married to God (in some religions) * A man can be married to more than one woman (in some religions) * A woman can be married to more than one man (maybe in darkest Africa, who's to say?) * A man can be married to a woman * A man can be married to a tree (in India, true) * A man can be married to a man * A woman can be married to a woman Why are you so sensitive about words, anyway? Gay was defined for a long time to mean happy. Conservative used to mean saving and preserving and conserving, instead of spending, destroying, and squandering. Faithful used to mean good, just, and moral, instead of vituperative, devious, dim-witted, and delusional. Words get redefined all the time. Get over it. You distort things enough yourself. So would you also deny that other words have meanings that have evolved and or changed over the years? You keep using the word "gay" -- are you not aware that that word has changed its meaning? Crickets... Why 2pm? TMI? I'd agree this is TMI. But... "honey"? Careful, I hear there are people who get really anal about words having more than one meaning. Login-free link: http://www.mercurynews.com/ci_10993931?source=most_viewed Speed is great, but the sad thing is that Microsoft now gets to pull out what I suspect is their old hardware-versus-OS-upgrade-lockstep cash cow playbook: Step 1: Push new industry standard hardware device protocol. Step 2: Offer free help to hardware manufacturers (both for PCs and peripherals) to encourage them to add the new connector. Step 3: Strong-arm PC manufacturers to remove old hardware connectors, using carrot-and-stick approach with the terms of their OEM Windows license deals. Step 4: Sweet talk peripherals manufacturers, bribing them with offers of co-advertising, cross promotion, acceleration of driver development, delaying of driver development for intransigent competitors, and possibly wads of cash, to convince them to drop old hardware connector from their products, so anyone buying a mouse, keyboard, digital camera, scanner, printer, joystick, or anything else, will need an operating system that supports the new hardware. Step 5: Roll out new operating system (Windows Menudo, or whatever crap name they give it) that supports both new and old connectors Step 6: Deliberately refrain from publishing simple patch for old operating system that would provide compatibility with new hardware. Step 7: If possible, put in place technical and legal mechanisms to prevent or impede third parties from adding compatibility with new hardware to old operating system. Step 8: Sit back and watch the dollars come in, as everyone is forced to upgrade to Windows Menudo. So instead of a model built on trust, this is a model based on distrust. It doesn't feel right to me, for various reasons, starting with the above. Also it vaguely says that code must be "open source" but this is not a well-defined term. The GPL (just one example of many possible licenses for open source software) requires that GPL-licensed projects have the source code available in the preferred format, an important distinction that is not necessarily present in all open source licenses. A developer could provide an assembler dump of their code, and claim that was open source, and walk away with the payment. Worse, of course, they could just do a slideware demo, or they could do a demo using Microsoft Word, but claiming that it was software they had written. Also you claim to be more centered on normal users, but normal users don't know or care about open source. To them, they just want the program. Yes, open source gives them benefits too, but they don't know that, nor do they really want to know. As a developer, I would feel hesitant about committing much time to a project - it would be huge gamble. On a normal open source project, I could get things started, get the code base maybe 80% done, and then when that last 20% needs to be done (which in reality is actually 80% of the work ;-)) others typically would be pitching in, to the point where I could even walk away and development would continue without me, ensuring my initial work was not wasted, and ensuring the project got done. But with your site, the developer risks that the "normal users" will see any rough edges and deliver a total rejection - binary thumbs down - and I won't get paid. So it forces me to do way more work, and even then, the users can still say no based on some arbitrary whim - "I like the OK button on the left, not the right, this sucks!" - that's just an example; please don't bother trying to debunk it unless you can address the more general point. All that being said, I could be wrong! It's happened before! I'll be curious to see how it turns out. 1. Have you (the founders) ever contributed to open source projects? It seems to me you are taking the time resources of open source developers for granted. 2. Is your project (bitloot) open source? 3. Repository URL? Does your mom know how to write a software specification document? Just pay craigslist their fee, and put up an ad. Problem solved. I'm disappointed that your spam made it through to HN, but am glad to see the very on-target comments it has generated. Also making a snap judgment that someone under the pressure of an interview situation is "boring" is probably a mistake. Sounds like there is something else going on. The fact that you call developers "coders" is pretty damning of your attitude, imho. It would be a genuine step toward Openness if they would put download links on those pages. If bandwidth is the problem, they could be torrents. Maybe I'm crazy, but it seemed like the writer of that letter was a bit too obsessively fixated with "battling" Google. I mean, I can understand doing it once you work for Yahoo!, but he said his reason for joining Yahoo! was to battle Google -- that is, he apparently had this goal even before he was hired by Yahoo!. Kooky. USB is a good example. They added support for it to Windows 2000, and refrained from updating Windows NT to support it. By some odd coincidence (NOT), all the new retail non-USB products (including ones that worked perfectly fine with the old connections -- mice, keyboards, webcams, printers, etc.) disappeared from the market overnight, leaving consumers unable to buy anything but USB, even if they wanted to pay good money. This was a major pain point for me for a long time, and is thus seared into my memory, because NT was working great and I did not need Windows 2000, except for USB support. In two years of owning a Mac, I have made more progress in improving my personal productivity than I made in the ten years prior to owning a Mac. If that sounds worth it to you, then yes, it's worth it. But then, I got my Mac for the solid "just works" UNIX implementation, not for the nice UI. From that standpoint, Windows pushed me onto the Mac platform, and Mac OS X pulled me. Carrot (Mac UNIX) and stick (Windows, um, Cygwin? Cough). You didn't mention what your impetus for switching would be, so YMMV. They are passing some of their earnings on to Google in the form of advertising buys. I just saw an ad for them in my Gmail account. So one step that could be taken would be for Google to ban them from their advertising network. Would Google do this? I don't know, but the answer would be revealing. I'm just curious, do all the people using these kinds of paid services just have really tiny hard drives? To back up 1TB of data via this system would cost around $250 a month in storage and transfer charges, and that's assuming very good compression is happening. What am I missing? Or maybe I'm just not rich enough for $3,000 / year? Or maybe you're just doing a subset of your data, in which case I don't see how snapshotting is such a big win. Nice to have, but not important in the least if you are just doing a small subset of your data. True, it saves a few pennies on transfer charges, but you could save that much by doing the upload to S3 yourself. My other concern with this is that if the tarsnap server ever goes away, customers risk losing their data, since the server maintains the mapping of S3 objects to blobs. That's worrying. Assurances are not mechanisms. So we give you our brilliant ideas, you cherry pick them and go execute them and reap the profits, then pay one person $2,500 for what you get, while everyone else watches you laugh all the way to the bank? "Too clever by half" is a phrase that was invented for situations like this. Just noticed your reply. I have personal experience with this actually. I had a niche market shareware product, and it got rave reviews. It was awesome, dominated its niche, and users loved it. All seven of them. In the meantime, my friend had made a mass market shareware program. He got thousands of registrations, and made a lot of money. But your experience may be different. I'd love to read more if you have any good links or even some google terms (names, companies, products) to suggest I look at. Thanks. Am I the only one thinking those salary figures are around 30-40K too low? Scarred for life. Someone should call child protective services. Yep, you read that correctly. Oh, right, because HN is local to Sydney. How ignorant of me to not know that. I can't believe this is on HN. He writes as though he didn't get the memo on the fact that the McCain plan was much worse than the Obama plan. Why are we discussing this? Yes, because your severance pay might be worth waiting for. Find out what they've given others. Two weeks? Not worth it. Two months? Maybe. Ewwwww. Remember Jobs' comment about Microsoft having no taste? Yahoo! has two faces: the open source advocating, hacking, library publishing, data sharing side we love, and the marketing side, which has a lot of engineering behind it, and gives us the Yahoo! look and feel complete with degree programs, male enhancement, and refinancing offers. Talk about a lack of taste. Cleaning up Yahoo! to Apple's standards would not be easy. It would be like trying to cut down a Winnebago to make a BMW. Possible maybe, but probably not worth the trouble. Well his question was "is it crazy to quit" and my answer was (conditionally) "yes" so I think you missed something. Noted. I do try to hold back my silly humor somewhat on HN. Thanks for the nudge back on course. OK, here's a solution I would love to see: only after so many upvotes, and only for the mobile Safari browser. On top of this it would be nice if there were smarts that detected abuse and withheld the behavior for posts that were being upvoted mostly by a cluster of related users. One patent is not likely to be worth much. If you can put together a small cluster of them, it's much more compelling for an investor/buyer. Depends on what kind of patent, though. 'course, this isn't the best time to bet on getting funding, patents or not. Probably better to focus on finding an actual revenue stream. And have you really done a diligent search for both existing patents, and prior art? Don't rely on your lawyer to do this; he/she has a financial disincentive to do anything that would discourage you from attempting to file a patent (I used the word "attempting" for a reason: your lawyer probably has things set up so that even a mere attempt will result in fees, whether that attempt is successful or not). Also know that some patent lawyers file patents just to get the money for filing them. Read carefully, this point is distinct from the one in the previous paragraph. The fact that a patent is filed and eventually granted, does not mean it is a valuable patent. Your lawyer's job is generally not to judge the technical or business merit of the patent, unless you have specifically set up your relationship with him/her to provide an incentive for that. So be aware that your patent might prove to be worthless. While even a worthless patent will grease the skids with some investors, at least go into this with your eyes wide open. Meh. The amazing thing is that Fry's with a kickback scheme running is cheaper than Circuit City with a sale running. #4 keep thinking of ideas I'd love to see #2 as a way to open up more choices, but I can't imagine ever using it. Just the shipping charges alone would keep me away. #1, aren't there plenty of tools that do this already? Or at least they have been built already using Cacti and Ganglia in concert with other tools (Nagios comes to mind). #3 Maybe. You can compete with very large companies if you find the right viable niche that they aren't interested in. Too short! Give us more, please! [Edit: OK, it's short, but it's enough to get the ball rolling, and I guess the rest of it would be up to us.] My long-held theory is it failed for lack of a blurb. When you visited the site, it was hard to figure out what Plan 9 was exactly. Digging into the documentation produced a link to a gzipped .ps file, and after installing Ghostscript, then Ghostview, then some fonts, then uncompressing the file and viewing it, one could read an academic paper describing in arcane language some problems of interest to file systems theoreticians. This state of affairs continued for years. Not surprising at all that it failed to get much traction. No. Building a critical mass of good users is hard enough without adding false friction. If you're looking for a place to improve, I'd look at the way karma is used. IMHO sites like HN should continue innovating with ways to better calculate and utilize karma. In most cases, it's done very badly, rewarding early commenters disproportionately, so that people with a lot of time on their hands get a bigger voice. You're probably an atheist without realizing it. I've met many agnostics who weren't aware that there are different types of atheists, including many who don't know one way or another but lean toward disbelief, which is very close to agnosticism. The typical misunderstanding of atheism from self-described agnostics is that atheists claim to be certain that there is no God. Some atheists do that, but that's not the only kind of atheism. Another problem with agnosticism is agnostics seem to believe that one cannot assign any probability without perfect knowledge. Yet you do it every minute of every day, in ever decision you make. We live by probabilities and beliefs (and disbeliefs). I don't see why certain concepts in life should be off limits for assignment of probabilities. Not to nitpick, but for the record, Nokia is a Finnish company, not Asian. Great post. It strikes me that even when we try to avoid labels for ourselves, sometimes they are imposed by others. And sometimes a further step happens beyond the labels: consequences are imposed, depending on the labels. This kind of imposition from the outside can sometimes leak into ones self-identity. Hyphenated Americans, for example, often start out as thinking of themselves as just Americans, but then discover that their experience is different, and they have a shared peer group of other people who have had the same experiences, because of what is imposed on them by others. And then, we blame them for calling themselves -American, when actually it was not necessarily their own doing. Given such, it's also not hard to see why some people will decide that they would prefer to wear a label (atheist/theist/gay/Asian/Bush Supporter/whatever) as a badge of pride. Not saying this is or is not an ideal state of affairs, just that it's understandable. This is cool. Sorry don't have time to do a detailed test drive now, but I see others have done that, and I just wanted to add that YES this is a great concept and something I have been wishing for. Dodgeball was close, Twitter is OK for this but too noisy and not always followed closely enough, but this gets right down to a core use case that is near and dear. One nice thing is that since the use case is narrow, getting updated via SMS would work, at least for people with good SMS quota plans. Also both the name and the subtitle are great, and I won't be surprised to see them inspire other -able and -onty names shortly. A money maker? I don't understand how, but you have thought about it way more than me, so maybe you have a way. It is true that you don't need it (and the poster never said you need it, btw), but the sign does help add additional evidence in the event you need to show a court that you were taking steps to protect your mark. His startup may be great, but unfortunately, to me, he tainted himself as a credible well-meaning business person when in my opinion he used YC as a platform to promote his bigoted anti-Gay views on California's Proposition 8. I'm guilty too of talking about non-tech stuff on YC, but that's only part of the issue; the disturbing thing is to see someone using their position in this community in a way that promotes denying certain people their rights. I'll be downmodded for being off topic, no doubt, but somebody has to speak up about this. Cool! However, I would be concerned about the other links that might appear in the email. For instance, click here to link your site cookies with the MSN ad network, or click here to agree that everything you submit will belong to Bigcorp. Some (admittedly poorly designed) sites might even have "click here to cancel your registration" links. Can your link follower tell what each link means? I don't think so. But yeah, for most cases, it will work beautifully. Which services have the fastest domain name registration, in terms of the user experience? I'm NOT asking about how long the record takes to become active and propagate. Just the UI. There is a lot to say on this, but much of it has already been said. I'll add just one thing: An important red flag (among all the others in your post) is the statement that he is "almost" done. When any programmer thinks about that statement, it's almost certain to elicit a belly laugh. If he appears to be "almost" done, it is highly likely that he is really around 50% done. Keeping that in mind should help you make your decision to walk away. He seems to think that making obscene profits == doing nothing wrong. Not always true. The loopholes found and exploited by these guys, for the institutionalized purpose of making a killing, sometimes have nasty side effects like destroying good companies and draining the pension funds of average workers. All in the name of profit, which is great by the AIG yardstick, but not so great for the rest of us. A tweak on the "let the students run it" idea would be, for undergraduates at least: Let each year's class run their own systems. I could list a bunch of benefits (and a few drawbacks) that would fall out from this, but they seem pretty clear, probably no need to list them - they range from the social to the technical to the logistical. Holy crap, that is an excellent idea. Poking around a bit, my only suggestion so far is to make the text font size bigger on some of the text-heavy pages (FAQ) and make the line lengths shorter. Lines of text should be around 65 characters long. Your solicitation for feedback says: "Most customer support communities on Get Satisfaction have some level of employee involvement (about three-quarters), but the rest are added and cultivated by customers." OK. Just one point. This is kind of a meta-comment about how you are doing this. The above, quoted from your solicitation for feedback, ambiguously mentions "employees" without clarifying whose employees they are. Employees of Get Satisfaction? Or employees of the company in question? I think I know the answer, but really it is ambiguous. To someone who hasn't read more about the back story, it is VERY ambiguous. Ambiguity in the writing on your site seems to be a recurring theme. In fact, if I understand the back story correctly, a problem with ambiguity is one of the main reasons you did this new page design. Maybe you should try shuffling the writing team around a bit; they seem to be having trouble stepping outside of themselves to see the prose as others would see it. Cool! How can I add more than 1 character at a time? For example say I want to add all the HSK1 characters with one click, is there a way to do that? [update: I figured out how to use Select: List. Strangely it's taking a long time to add the list. The HSK1 list should already exist on your server somewhere, no? Maybe it's doing it character by character? Is this an App Engine-ism? I would think a simple UPDATE student_character_list INSERT '?' WHERE source_list='HSK1'; would be pretty fast (if I even got that SQL right) but then maybe App Engine doesn't support SQL?] I just created an account. Is there a difference between the functionality for my fresh account versus the hackernews account, other than different usage data? I went to a talk once where the presenter made the case (very well) that there was just one single patent that enabled Singer to sew up, so to speak, the market. Even more elegant, it came down to just one claim. The claim was for a sewing device in which the thread went through a hole that was positioned near the sharp tip of the needle (unlike on a hand sewing needle, where the hole is on the other end). Simple, and very hard to get around. Move the domain, and diversify to other data sources, but in doing so try to keep your user base. And, if you're really good, try to do it in such a way as to maintain friendly relations with zillow. If that's possible. It would be tricky. Stalling tactics are your friend, I would guess. My gut feel would be, do not try to make money from a sale to them, if their (TM) name is on your domain. Give them the domain free, AFTER you get your users moved away. Take it down now and start redirecting people asap, because they sure aren't going to do you the courtesy of doing that, even if you're on good terms. But... I'm just some random guy on HN. My advice is worth every penny you paid for it. One more thought: it's a trap. Do not take money from them. They can then prove that you are making money from their (TM) name. $250 is absolutely a game changer in another sense, though. They can use his acceptance of payment to show that he is (arguably) making money off of their trademark. e) Am I fucking crazy? Maybe yes, but taking a leap into the unknown is the kind of crazy thing that more people should do. Progress, unreasonable man, and all that. Go for it! I think this would be useful but I can count on one hand I've had to do something remotely approaching this. You might say: well, now that it's easier with this tool, maybe you'll do it more often. Well, maybe. It's true that there is a lot of pain associated with emailing documents and search results around. But how often will this be useful? I'm betting we'll see big-time video streaming fail when this happens. The people planning these events seem always to underestimate the bandwidth that is needed. It's not always easy to get in, which means the US tends to get immigrants who have a lot of initiative. This works out great for us. For you, keep trying. And as others have suggested, work wherever you are to continue developing your business in the meantime. As an aside, have you considered having a usability professional do an evaluation of your web site and business idea? This kind of third-party opinion might be very valuable. It could even be a student in a usability program at a decent university, to save money. Which leads to this thought: Now that you've announced to the world that you have a (very small) pile of money, I'm sure many people will be glad to help you spend it. You should be a little more careful and discrete imho. Curious: Why would people use this instead of the W3 validator? And for your fix list: it's entirety -> its entirety. I disagree with his position, but think I was getting this discussion too far away from technology. So yeah, trolling - not intentionally, but in effect yes. So I deleted my earlier comments. I wonder if anyone is pointing out to them that the privacy violation goes beyond the privacy of just the job applicant. Friends and business associates of the job applicant also have privacy expectations around content they intend to be viewable only by trusted individuals. That's what I mean - by that quote you can see they still don't get it. He's talking about "the person" (his words). There is more than one person getting their private information reviewed. And the article says "The requirement raises questions concerning applicants' privacy rights." So the reporter doesn't get it either. It's not just affecting the applicant. Interesting. On the 2x2 table idea, I wonder if there are any other two decisions in the conversion funnel context that could work in such a table and not be as confusing. This is a very old idea. It's been given various names: FriendRank, PeopleRank, PersonRank -- many, many hits on Google. If you live in China, maybe they'll give it to everybody for half price during the week of National Day (Oct. 1st) as they did with Office last year to celebrate the "liberation" of the country by communism. Why don't they offer the same deal for July 4th in the US? Is there any information anywhere on the "survey" methodology? I can't tell whether they just asked store clerks for their opinions, or were actually getting hard data somehow. Reading between the lines on this one doesn't cut it. From the very beginning of GUIs, all the way up to now, Microsoft's attempts at copying Apple's lead have just ended up creating cargo-cult operating systems. Yes, $450 sounds like a better price than $1200, and yes, they both look pretty with their eye candy. But what you are getting is fundamentally different; it is cargo-cult design. With a Mac, you get stuff done. With a PC, you get less stuff done, as you run into all the issues that come up with cargo-cult technology. So... back to the ad. I read the yanking request was over claims about pricing, which were incorrect claims since Apple's pricing had changed. It wasn't about anything like Apple trying to censor Microsoft, as some hyperventillating commenters on the net have said. First, this is from another of your startups, but it bothers me: "Measuring Process Quality By Means Of A Technical Opinion Survey" is patent pending at the United States patent office." Second (and hopefully more constructively) there have been many web page annotation startups, which is not to say your idea is the same (it's not, as far as I can tell). But it might be useful to think about your idea in terms of features and versions, and ask yourself: if my version 1.0 release looks like what some other startup has had at some point, then why did that other startup not ultimately evolve to my final idea? Is it just that they were not smart, or were there good reasons the idea wouldn't fly? Or maybe your thinking is you would just jump to full features on version 1.0... however, in that case, thinking about the above question might still reveal some insights. There's that old joke that God tipped America on its side and all the loose screws slid to California. And then God tipped California on its side and all the loose screws slid to Marin County. And then God tipped Marin County on its side and all the loose screws slid to Bolinas. My kind of town. Anyway, I wonder if there is a similar thing going on here with Cuil attracting clueless executives. Not to be mean piling on criticism after criticism on Cuil, but really, asking people to do anything that touches their social network is something you have to slowly work up to, with a process of building trust. It's not a switch you can just turn on overnight. Or maybe they don't care about users. Maybe they just think the social buzzword will attract some needed investors. No, I'm sticking with it. But I would avoid doing apps that threaten AT&T by creating an opening for end-runs around AT&T services. However, if I was Google or a third party, say, GV developer with enough funding, I would redouble my efforts on those kinds of apps, to build consumer demand for them as they rolled out on all other platforms. It's odd that some people seem to be assuming everyone is either surfing or job hunting. From having talked to people, I think more often it's people making stuff, being creative, getting stuff done - some amazing projects and products get created in cafes. I love seeing laptops out in coffee shops. When a cafe is welcoming of laptops, I always tip better: paper only. This article was very disappointing - thin, old news, and generalizes to all developers from two very specific and unique examples. Not to mention the jarring its/it's usage. I do not come to HN to get this kind of blogspam. Sorry to be so negative, but something is broken here. I suspect people are upvoting simply for the easy-to-agree-with headline. Please don't do that, without actually looking at the article first. I want those two minutes back, and I wish HN had a way to prevent this kind of thing in the future. ObTopic: It still comes down to writing a good app, and not tempting fate by straying close to Apple's sensitive spots. No. Anyone who uses the 'R' word in a job ad can fuck off. I do get shit done, and make tons of money for companies I work for. And play well with others. That should be more than enough. The article, with stunning lack of insight, fails to mention the possibility that a published prediction could be self-fulfilling. It's possible that when the date passed, whispers on the Internet about the prediction failing drew the attention of the rumor mill in Shanghai, leading to paranoia and a belated crash. Asian markets are pretty twitchy, after all. It isn't VoIP but it's setting up a great potential end-run around the cell monopolies, since it lets you route calls to any number, including VoIP numbers such as SkypeIn numbers. "beaming the electricity from space through the ionosphere" What could possibly go wrong? Damn, I wish I was in the position to think that $1500 was a good chunk of money. Yes, you're crazy, which is a good thing. Embrace it. Do it while you can. Is this a new trend in NYT writing? This is the second article I have seen that ended abruptly after a few paragraphs without ever delivering what the headline appeared to promise. We're in a downturn, so one expects the article to talk about it -- and yet, it only talks about the results of the 2001 downturn, and in vague terms. This is why there is potential for good new players to supplant the MSM. GREAT followup link, thanks! IMHO your execution stinks way more, and is itself sloppy to boot. I found your design neither visually appealing, nor usable. And the drama-queen wording of your title was uncalled for. Your credibility has been diminished. I dumped Linux, although I still use it in the cloud. And rather than saying "dumped" it would be more accurate to say I decided to NOT use a PC laptop with Linux, instead getting a Mac. Why? Not for any of the reasons mentioned. One of the big things that convinced me was a little thing, the magsafe connector. I've seen laptops slammed down on the floor, and it's not pretty. Endless driver issues were another reason, but the magsafe was the clincher. That alone is worth the price difference. So sometimes the reasons are not related to software. The larger context matters, including little things in that larger context. Assigning blame (to NVIDIA, or anyone else) doesn't interest me, if it doesn't help me solve my immediate need: get shit done. Why do I not run Linux on Apple hardware, you ask? Actually I do run it on Apple hardware. I dumped it as my main OS, but I run it under VMware. As to why not wipe OS X and use only Linux, well, OS X gives me a lot of stuff I like, so I'm not about to wipe it. OS X is like a superset of Linux, in effect, at least according to my most important metric which as you may recall is getting shit done. It's like a new Swiss Army knife that has more blades, if you like analogies. Maybe someone who knows more than me about this can tell me: why, on panels of industry experts deconstructing the crisis, do we constantly hear the assertion that nobody saw this coming? And what really confuses me, is why do the experts participating in such panels/media interviews/round tables not challenge that assertion? Don't those word at cross purposes? Perhaps with great skill a VC could manage to do both well, but this must be very easy to get wrong, especially because both personalities and technologies are involved, making it hard to just follow some formula. Is there a good anti-iPhone rant somewhere that avoids logical fallacies and would help me understand why some people are averse to iPhone development? I don't get it. Central point of control == bad? I don't buy it. JWZ is a central point of control for DNA Lounge, I assume; PG is a close to a central point of control for YC news; Linus is a central point of control for Linux kernel enhancements -- or was, for a while; I haven't been keeping up so if I'm wrong, please understand the general point, which is: we happily accept central control as long as there is good will. DRM == bad? Again, though I agree, Apple's implementation of DRM for Apps has gotten it far closer to right than any other, with family sharing of one purchase on multiple devices, refunds, DRM-free music, free updates, remembering your purchase so you can re-download purchased items for free (remember the phone companies' model, buy a game, run out of memory, delete it, then if you want it later you have to buy it again?). Definitely iPhone is not free, in the freedom sense, and downright scary, in the your-app-can-be-yanked-at-any-time sense, but I believe the same is true on Android; we just haven't seen the test case yet. iPhone is not open == bad OK... but it's a platform. Lots of platforms are open only down to certain layers. Google is a platform. But it only exposes certain parts of itself for developers to use. And we understand that. So why do we not understand it when it comes to a phone? Maybe because it's such a personal device? It doesn't let us do everything == bad I think this comes closest to being an answer. This would be the answer for me. But, neither does any other device. I continue to think that Android developers are naive to assume they are not going to bump up against limits imposed by carriers and by Google. They just don't have the critical mass to have hit all the nooks and crannies yet. Apple is not friendly to open source == bad. Grand Central Dispatch, LLVM, Clang (probably there are more) all would indicate otherwise. So, what am I missing? Not trying to troll here. I'm sure I have exhibited some ignorance in this long post, seriously. Why are (some small number of smart) people pounding their heads against the wall rather than develop for iPhone? Can you write apps yourself without using some Nokia code signing tool? When you develop for these platforms, does your code have to be signed before you can give your app to other people to run? If yes, who controls access to the capability of issuing/revoking certificates? The number one concern naive users express to me is that by "switching" browsers they are giving up their current browser. Because of this concern, they are not willing to try another browser. They say "things work well enough now. I don't really have any big complaints. It's fast enough. I don't have a reason to switch." Notice that word again, "switch." This key flaw in the mental model of naive users, the idea that installing a new browser absolutely requires them to switch, is not addressed in the Google video. Of course, yes, switching likely will happen if they ever get past the step of trying a better browser. But they get hung up on their misconception that there is no trial period, no opportunity to ease into the new browser. I wish anyone doing these campaigns, whether Google or Mozilla, would notice this issue and address it. Instead the campaigns seem to be designed from a geek's perspective of what we geeks think the problem might be, rather from the users' perspectives of what the users' perceived problems are. I was a non-programmer, and I wanted a program written. Nobody was going to write it, and I didn't have the money to pay someone to write it. So what did I do? I learned to program, in order to write that program. It took a while, but it was worth it. And it turned out great. And years later I'm still learning. The learning never stops. That is a good thing, not bad. I would advise anyone to not think of themselves as a "type" but instead to figure out what you want to do, and do it. It might take some hard work. But again, it is worth it. So how do I perceive non-programmers? They are just people who either have not discovered the concept of what programming can do for you, or they have discovered it but have given up on their own ability to learn (fallen into the "type" misconception). Kind of sad either way. "We recognize the magnitude of this inconvenience." Inconvenience. Wow. Catastrophe seems to fit better. Another thread that was useful - color scheme tools: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=859010 Not another library, but a solution to the problem you mention. Capture each command line, even one-offs, in scripts. Then later you can reuse that script without having to figure out the command line options again. You could say this is just shifting the problem to a new place: you now have to relocate the old scripts you wrote. Well, that's a much easier problem. How about... The AI Google is growing becomes "too powerful to fail," a more insidious version of the "too big to fail" we hear from banking. The humans at Google lose control of their business as automation increasingly leaches more money from any business possible. It becomes harder and harder for the Google humans to unwind each ad transaction to determine whether the ad leads people into scams. Users start to step back from their engagement with Google. Alternatives begin to get traction. Humans at Google start to become alarmed. As a defense against the power of the AI, Google transitions over to a new system and allows the old data to fossilize. The new system allows for a higher degree of human input, though it's still not under human control. At this critical point, competitors move in and take away a lot of the market from Google. Knowing well how to do for loops on the command line of whatever shell I'm using at the time. Saving snippets of how I get things done. Always saving command lines in shell scripts, sometimes with parameters, instead of just trying to remember them. Bash history is great, but it isn't available when changing systems, hosts, and jobs. Always making a sandbox directory for every idea/project, under a directory named for the current year. This includes my own ideas as well as stuff other people did that I download to play with. When a new year rolls around, most of the directories don't get carried over; they just stay in the old year archived. Tagging every new project with keywords. Automating everything possible. Most fantastic win ever: VMware images that are preconfigured to whatever state they need to be in to debug whatever I'm working on. Could be Amazon AMIs; I use VMware atm. emacs, vi, sort, uniq, comm, find, ack, diff, patch, perl, perltidy, man, git People, it's not that difficult. You do not include Apple icons, Apple, logos, screen shots (edit: or pictures) of Apple products, Apple trademarks, other trademarks... OK, it sounds like a long list, but it's really not that bad. You can blame Apple, but part of the blame also has to go to trademark law, which requires them to do this in order to protect their valuable trademarks. Yes, there are other issues besides trademark issues for which the App Store rejects things, but it's amazing how many stories about this boil down to someone not having read the Apple guidelines, or having read them but not believed them. Even Android has rules relating to trademarks: http://www.android.com/branding.html Edit 2: I've read the RA "refutation" of Lamarche, and it is close to delusional with its implication that a screen shot could not be considered a trademark infringement. The matter is totally open to interpretation, but that is not the point. The important thing is that any company, including Apple, is required to take the strict interpretation if they want to do the best job of protecting their trademarks under the law. That's an interesting take on it. VNC, maybe, especially if it's sold by using screen shots that show the Apple desktop. Web browser / webview, even Apple probably wouldn't push it that far, although when you're hiring low wage workers to review essentially the entire potential universe of content, there are bound to be some overzealous interpretations. People love to criticize Apple and their "mismanagement" of their business. I would like to see anyone do it better than Apple has. The old cliche applies: It's very easy to criticize. Not so easy to do what they have done. Cupcake? What's that? The App Store is evolving constantly, as far as I can tell. It's improving over time, and not just in small ways. They have made huge improvements. But, as with any evolving ecosystem, it will always be broken. This is not strictly a bad thing; it's just the nature of evolving systems that they are always finding new states of equilibrium. What they are doing is not easy. And the results so far are amazing. There is the odd horror story, but overall it's pretty good, and getting better. Personally I would prefer an open system. But for a closed system they are doing it pretty well. So, what's the catch, other than having to have annoying Microsoft naming conventions like ASP.NET show up in my field of vision? Perfect headline. A native app with a web UI can present content even when there is no network connection... My respect for quirksmode just fell, a lot. The willful ignorance he shows in his article is staggering. And the rude delivery doesn't help either. Heh, thanks for the well-deserved and well-delivered smackdown. I'll concede that point, but obviously there are others that have been mentioned. It's a tradeoff. You either support a bunch of versions on a wide array of different hardware, very badly (c.f. Microsoft -- we diss them, but to be kind, the problem they have set up for themselves is truly challenging), or you try to do a better job of support, in which case you must constrain yourself to supporting fewer options. It looks to me like the iPhone is the user's own iPhone, in which case the user will have installed the software on the phone side themselves. So I guess the flow would be: user starts software; merchant takes phone and plugs in device; software checks device and makes sure it is authentic; then UI presents signature page to user. What is the hole in this? I'm not saying there is no hole, and I did like your question (and upvoted it), but I'm wondering if you can think of a good attack that I'm missing. Edit: Instead of "iPhone" I should have said just "phone" since it will be on multiple platforms. I was just at Home Depot this morning looking for LED 'bulbs' (using that term very loosely). Admittedly Home Depot might not be the best place to look. In any case, I was very disappointed. They are super dim compared to other choices. For $35 dollars you can get something with the physical size of a regular light bulb (which matters because I want to screw them into an existing fixture) but they only put out 200 lumens (!) as compared to 800 lumens for a 60-watt bulb or its ~15 watt compact fluorescent equivalent. Looking at the design of the unit, on the light-emitting side there was an enormous span of wasted black plastic, with fake plastic unneeded heat-dissipation fins taking a bunch of space, and with three LEDs arranged in the center. With better design, you could probably fit 12 or so LEDs in the same amount of space, and then it would be a product worth buying. Anyone know the story about why LEDs are not subsidized by state energy programs as CF bulbs are in California? It wasn't snappy, but it was fast enough. The speed non-issue is definitely not the first thing I'd fix. On sites that you use ten times a day, every day, definitely speed is very important. On something like this that might be used a couple times a year, no. The real issue is you need to get more useful information onto the front page. The "number of ideas" column is next to useless. What does it mean that a designer has zero ideas? That their head is completely empty? I doubt it. It probably means they aren't necessarily looking to work on a specific project they have in mind. But then, on the other hand, maybe there are some designers who chose '0' because they really, truly, have absolutely no ideas (and, by implication, no creativity). I would want to avoid those. How do I know which are which? I don't. And if the number of ideas listed is 1, 2, or more, similar opportunities for confusion abound. So that column is useless. I was excited when I saw this, because it's hinting that it may be a good tool... but please bring more detail to the surface. You may need to gather that detail from the users, then present it, I don't know, maybe as CSS display-on-hover windows next to each name, which is debatable as a UI, but better than having to click through. There are other people besides designers that developers need to work with. Writers and marketers are two that come to mind. But designers are a good place to start. One interesting thing about this UI is it rules out finding people who are already busy with projects, but who may be looking for people to join their project. So say I'm a developer with a good ('good' === 'pays the bills') project, and need a designer, and I am not available, because I'm busy with that good project. Now I can search for a designer, but a designer cannot find me. Maybe this is intentional; I'm sure some people would prefer it this way. Or maybe it's an oversight in the UI design. It seems like the latter. I've had great luck with rentacoder, and have only good things to say about the site itself and the controls and mechanisms it has in place to help ensure the process goes smoothly (ratings, on-site communication so there's a paper trail, escrow, etc.). However, there are caveats: 1) Best used with very small, very well-defined jobs. 2) You must put in a fair amount of careful work to specify what you want done, in a way that leaves no room for interpretation. 3) Best used with low-risk (experimental / proof-of-concept) type projects. 4) Don't bet your company on getting good quality. You'll usually get something usable, but it often won't be exemplary code. If "usually get something usable" sounds scary, see point #3. 5) Don't expect to save yourself time. Instead you spend the same amount of time as you would have spent had you already known how to do what needed to be done but you instead spend the time on communication, and you get your job done by someone who knows how to do it. A corollary to #5 is for some small jobs, you might be able to learn how to do the task and then do it yourself, all in the same amount of time you spent directing the freelancer. So why do it at all? Because of #6: 6) Using such a service can move an item off your to-do list, because having a person at the other end of a job bid (and having your reputation on the site as a buyer on the line) you get forced to finish the item. So effectively it's an anti-procrastination tool. This is my experience, which is biased toward small jobs. But then, I wouldn't use one of these sites for a big job. I doubt that lie detection voodoo actually works when the person being interviewed is new to the whole being on TV thing. Not expecting this to work for them, but if it does, maybe they'll use the money to start doing good investigative reporting again. I'd love to see more journalist-run sting operations like reporters used to do in the old days. The Tragedy of the Commons by Garrett Hardin is pretty good, and is considered a classic. http://www.garretthardinsociety.org/articles/art_tragedy_of_... It's in the field of population biology, but the principles are broadly applicable to any system where self-interested actors can gain more than they lose by actions that hurt the community. Genius marketing, but risky, because there is a fine line between marketing the device as a tool for men, and a toy for boys. Once it's seen as a geeky toy - the GI-Joe action figure boy-doll phone - most normal (non-geek) people won't touch it, even though geeks will love it. Takedown notice in 5.. 4... 3... When I started reading, I though it was a genius move being done by Google itself, until I got to the word "they" and then scanned down and saw the Eric Schmidt quote. Yeah, confusing. They might allow it to stay up for a few days to generate some discussion though... we'll see. This is an aside, but it's always amusing to see how often you see people mimicking the look of people they look up to or report to. I met a senior manager at a Microsoft booth at a trade show, an Indian man who groomed himself to follow almost exactly the external appearance of Bill Gates. It was stunning. At Oracle, you see a lot of mini-Larrys. When you meet virtual reality people at the Maker Faire, it's amazing how many of them have Jaron Lanier's dreadlocks. And Apple fans, not all, but many, me included, with their short haircuts. Of course certain things are off limits - the black mock turtleneck, nobody wears that now, because it's taboo to be seen as trying to look like Him. So my question here is: Is this professor mimicking Ben Goertzel, or is Ben mimicking him? It's not a coincidence that they choose the same hairstyle. And it's not just long hair, it's long hair worn a certain way. What gives? Even AGI researchers are susceptible to these, what, canine, instincts? My God. Scraping is not illegal. Please. But... IANAL. Add a new feature that uses new data, and encrypt that data. Not an insurmountable obstacle, but it will put you ahead of him in the comparisons on the app store as long as you can stay ahead. But he can do the same thing to you. In the end, the users win. That's the beauty of a platform that has critical mass in numbers of developers competing to make good apps. Sucks for you (us) unless you look at it as a fun challenge. I dunno. What do you have against putting a blurb on your home page that tells what the site is for? [update: Oh, it's not the home page. But still, I can't tell what this is for, and I should be able to, even on a sub-page. 'Slices' - what? I have been thinking about Slicehost lately, and the first link mentions Ruby, which I don't know. So when I land on this link you have me thinking that maybe the site is a way for Ruby users to manage their slices on Slicehost. The About page should definitely tell what the site is about. And the help pages are not loading for me. If you want to do a tweeted-link application, you should add a bit more value - maybe have thumbnails of the destination site, or expand bit.ly/etc. URLs (while keeping the bit.ly one too). If someone uses bit.ly to shorten every URL they tweet, bit.ly stores the URLs for them already, so...] The article incorrectly claims the device doesn't have a microphone. The author added some weasel words "I don't think there's a microphone" to hedge something that would have taken a few seconds to fact-check on any of the liveblog sites that ran yesterday. Having seen that, it was hard to take the rest of the article seriously. Yes exactly (to your edit). How old are you? This kind of stuff has been around for many years. Charging for it would probably fall into Google's 'evil' category since it is so simple to do. It's cool, but you didn't invent it and you don't own the idea. That's no reason to stop what you are doing, though. If you can get a user base and keep improving the product and making users happy, more power to you. Cool. Not surprised that it went smoothly at first, but do let us know how that works out for you after a few OS X updates. What's wrong with stock grants? That's much better than stock options. If you get 40,000 shares vesting after, say four years, why would you complain? Sure, there's no guarantee the stock won't collapse, but on the off chance the price holds or goes up, isn't two million after four years not too shabby? Not sure I understand why Google would be lumped together with companies that offer only options, or grants of dog stocks. "it is a tenant of the Flash Player team that..." Facepalm. I think "tenet" is the word you were looking for. When you talk about "competing sites" that seems a bit off, since your site doesn't exist yet. It took me a while to figure this out. One way to find rough use data would be to find the existing sites, then plug them into http://quantcast.com and look at the traffic numbers. Lose your house over hosting fees? When has that ever happened? Wouldn't a personal umbrella policy cover this, for a sole proprietorship? I would take you at your word, but right now your word says literally "I'll do my best to give you the discount" (edit: if certain scenarios come to pass, such as you starting a company). That's pretty weak. Interesting experiment. The danger is you get a handful of takers, then you have to live forever with the admin overhead of keeping track of them (as they change email addresses, etc. over the years), all for a little temporary pocket money. I guess that's why you need to say things like "I'll do my best." Maybe you could add a condition, saying the deal will kick in once X number of people sign up, otherwise everyone gets refunded. Great, if they can figure out a way to make the tax apply only to Microsoft and people who've made a killing there. If it means that Windows prices have to go up, excellent. Microsoft has skimped on stuff like getting security right, so we've all been subsidizing their business model by incurring the cost of dealing with the problems their infected machines cause. It's one of several intros that work in a cute way now that we have status update habits (twitter and facebook): "it turns out..." "ProTip:..." "apparently..." I caught myself using these a lot, and it seemed like every time I used them, I was trying to be cute. Now they are banned. If your goal for now is to let us give you feedback, you should put in some reviews for movies that everyone has seen. I haven't seen those three movies, which makes it harder for me to gauge whether the reviews are any good. On the other hand, some of the music reviews are transparently bad. I'm not sure if the ratings apply to the movies, or to the reviews. And since the people doing the rating are probably also not sure, that makes the ratings less useful. Will you have the ability for multiple users to compete to provide different reviews, which then are ranked as they (the reviews, not the items being reviewed) get rated by the community? I could see this evolving into a cool resource, but it's hard to tell from what you've got so far. I read the "Why do this project" section on the site, and am not convinced. Nagios is a very actively maintained project, and did have major features added about a year and a half ago. It is totally suited for use in large installations, especially with the help of existing third party enhancements like GroundWork Monitor. And on the non-issue of wanting a flexible Nagios, a lack of flexibility is NOT one of Nagios' problems. It is insanely flexible, and has tons of add-ons and plugins. Also being in C, it performs very well, especially the current version. I've looked at the code, and it's not bad - maybe the shinken authors are just intimidated by C. Balancing the real and significant perils of unfettered free markets with the real and significant perils of meddling with free markets. Do tenure committees and other such parts of the scientific establishment give publication on arxiv.org the same weight they give to publication in traditional scientific journals? They didn't used to -- has this changed? Spreedly? Or maybe that's a layer on top of gateways? I don't know much about payment gateways, so feel free to enlighten me on why it's not a solution to this, if it's not. How bad are the emissions on that car? Now we're talking. TechShop is pretty good for that. But you have to move to Silicon Valley or Portland. HN doesn't notify me when someone replied to one of my comments. It's a problem that I can no longer find the 'save' link on HN stories - where is it? That's one of my favorite HN features, even though I use it rarely. I'd like to see someone bring it back. Great idea, and nicely done! One thing that really bugs me about it: it's yet another site built on the flawed assumption that popularity equates to quality. I would love to see the site emphasize pro/con points for each product more, and completely de-emphasize the voting or popularity ranking feature. The best products usually are not the most popular. I prefer to pay $50 more for better shoes, or $20 more for a better flashlight, or $200 more for a laptop that has features the other laptop does not have, like a magsafe power cord. But the majority of people instead choose mediocre products, and you end up with the votes actually detracting from the solution (because people tend to claim they chose the best product for the money, even when they didn't). Great start though. The fine article had some glaring unasked questions. The most alarming one being, if the number of immigrants is so striking, what happens when you normalize the number to take into account the high proportion of Camrys that are driven by Asian immigrants. Same question about the numbers skewing to the elderly: Very few young people drive Camrys, so why is it a surprise that people involved in Camry incidents were not young? Age and immigrant status may still be at work in other ways. Maybe there is a defect, and older but paradoxically relatively less experienced drivers (those who came from countries with awesome public transit and very few cars) simply don't have good coping skills when an actual real defect happens. Most of us would just slip the car into neutral, but some less savvy drivers wouldn't think of it. I think the commenter was asking about the raw annotated data. Off topic, but I can't find a way to send you a message on HN. What ever happened with izillow.com? I see it's owned by the man now. Post a followup story? Ironic for the Chinese government to talk about obeying laws, when they don't even obey their own laws. Maybe Google should point this out to them. And there's no rule saying companies need to stay out of politics. Even if there was, Google, from the outset, said it was going to be a different kind of company. I don't get this. Why submit an iPhone app that is (apparently) without iPad functionality, during the time window when Apple has started accepting "universal" iPhone/iPad apps? Why not get it right, do it as a universal app, and then submit it? Maybe it's because they hope to avoid the duplication of functionality trap. On iPhone, at least on the current OS for iPhones, you don't get multiple content panels on the same screen except as part of a horizontal scroll. On iPad, I believe you do, so in that case there would be duplication. Your apathy about participating in decisions is not the best reason for having concern with that part of the document. A far better reason is the possibility of a tyranny of the majority. Not only do I not give a crap about you not giving a crap, I also don't give a crap that you don't give a crap that I don't give a crap. Are we done? Sweet! Thanks for posting this (an hour before the other submission that hijacked your link by pointing to page two, I might add). The only bad thing is it was a bit deflating to see the thing disassembled while I'm still waiting for UPS's very slow (in subjective terms) delivery today. "Unfortunately, notifications were not addressed in iPhone OS 4.0." OK, it was kind of passive aggressive of you (the author of the post) to just state this without any explanation backing it up, but I'll bite. Please do give us your rant about how local notifications (introduced in OS 4.0) in addition to the already existing push notifications does not address notifications. Or maybe you just missed that part? Thanks, that's a good point. Thanks; that makes it clear. Yes that aspect is indeed not addressed. I'm a fan of Google, but notice how they on the one hand posture as champions of freedom of information, but on the other hand do things like omit any commenting feature from pages like this, so the hard questions cannot be asked directly on the site. It's a kind of preemptive censorship-by-site-design, imho. Irony ftw. "The Launch Agent is installed by writing the following into this file:" Which is then followed by a file name. So what is the following? Are we supposed to put the file name/path inside the file itself? Does "this file" mean something other than the file that follows immediately after the paragraph? Maybe "this file" means the file that was mentioned above, and the file path (below) is "the following" which should be written into the first file? The wording could be improved. Unfortunately, It's only licensed for non-commercial use. Next. The answer is simple. When someone creates a new account, Facebook offers to find friends that are in their contact list. If the user wants to do this, they can put in the userid and password of their (say) gmail address. Then Facebook downloads the contact list from that user's email account. If your previously-unknown-to-Facebook email address is in the user's contact list, Facebook now has it. No guessing needed. Note that the "user" I'm talking about in the above scenario is not you; it is someone else who has one of your email addresses in their contacts info. How is this good code? x |= MAC_computed[i] − MAC_computed[i]; Shouldn't one side or the other (of the minus operation) be MAC_received[i]? DO: Do what Bruce Eckel does, and have all code in a publication run through automated tests before releasing it. ;-). And... you're welcome? Please name names. $60/hour is one dollar a minute. I don't know if Starbucks even has that many customers on a sustained basis, let alone customers who aren't working on their own software prototypes on their own shoestring budgets. So I agree with your "crazy" disclaimer. Cute, though. Maybe they are not doing it "just" to offend. Maybe there are other goals, like fighting against the ever-increasing curtailments on freedom of speech. Tell that to Abraham Lincoln. He effectively ended slavery in the US, you will recall. Antagonizing people and polarizing the issue were necessary to achieve what he did. Sometimes antagonism is called for. Witness the "War of Northern Aggression" (also known as the US Civil War) for an example of antagonism that achieved a good result. Or, if you prefer a peaceful example, Ghandi was very antagonistic, and with good results. But then he changed his mind, didn't he? And we had a war, and the Emancipation Proclamation, and finally the Thirteenth Amendment. Well you're arguing against yourself. On the one hand, you say confrontation doesn't work; on the other hand, you say it did work. The cartoons come first, before the guns. The guns only come out if they are needed - hopefully not. True, I wouldn't like to see it escalate that way. The cartoons are an attempt at education - you say "only with education" will this be solved, so then you should agree that antagonizing with cartoons, in a way that is educational, should work... but somehow I have a feeling that you are going to disagree with yourself again. Get out. Start a new idea, or get a job. But if you insist on continuing, give him the straight facts: You are able to effectively contribute something of value (the tech), and he is not (there is the sales, but he's not able to do it). Therefore, he needs to let you bring in a real sales person (who can be paid on commission, and maybe become another owner as well since the pay will stink at first). This is to give the business a chance at success. Even in this scenario all three of you will probably need to find day jobs, especially the current co-founder since he won't be allowed to get any of the profits until he figures out how he can contribute. And any new ownership given to a new sales person (if you do give them any ownership, that is) will come out of your current partner's share. And from today forward, your current partner will not be counted as a continuing contributor - except maybe very minimally as an advisor, if that is worth anything. Perfect headline. It straddles the ambiguity between the two possible meanings: the sarcastic one, about IT personnel scrambling to put fixes in place over their 'nice' weekend, and the non-sarcastic one, addressed to hackers who could have some fun with this. In any case, Adobe, the timing has exactly the level of thoughtfulness we have come to expect from the Flash team. The only way you could have done more damage would be to have done it last week when the US had a long weekend, or some other even longer holiday. Is Notifo working for you? I associated a notifo account with my HN account to be notified when I get replies, and I never, ever get a notification. But I don't know which part of the chain is failing. Sucks for them. They should get their code base under control. Or their web site, if that's what you meant. I can't figure out if this guy is an ignorant clown, a troll, or both. Ridiculous arguments, like the one where he says startups don't get any special advantage from the weather. Just because you're slaving away in a cubicle, doesn't mean your family won't enjoy the weather... and the great traffic on gorgeous highway 280... and the low crime rate... and the great schools... and Fry's... and San Francisco... etc., etc. Why give it a name that is so easily confused with another bug-related software product? Aren't you just asking for trouble? When did Froyo become available? Data that allows the ranking of companies in any major industry by their adherence to best practices, especially consumer-friendly best practices. Example would be: average hold time. But this is already somewhat available. I'm thinking there's tons of other data that is not available. Such as: do doctors at this clinic/medical practice send reminders when their patients are due for checkups? Nice article. FWIW Perl is often called the "Swiss army chain saw," not "Swiss army knife." Thanks for sharing your experience. About time somebody recognized that all of us are "rights holders." Will this let me invoke a URL on a remote third party server, and use the result of that URL call in my dialog? Small data point, but my iPhone 4 gets better reception than my iPhone 3G. Is it really fair to say that people in China have access to the Internet? Maybe it's better to say that they have access to some AOL-ized version of the Internet, not the actual Internet itself. The difference between an open Internet and a closed one is not just a small difference of degree; they are entirely different things. Agree with the article's observations, but disagree with its conclusions. Although the article correctly described Jobs' body language, tone, anger, defensiveness, etc., the effect of all that was positive for Apple because it was totally honest and matched the situation perfectly. People who watch the video understand the Jobs has every right to have acted the way he did in the press conference, and that understanding builds empathy for the company and works in Apple's favor. It's not just Apple. It's Silicon Valley. Yet another reason to love living here. Oh, he has "friends." Well then, they must be perfectly trustworthy and competent, and they no doubt play by his own ethical rules, and he has nothing to worry about. Yes, it is naive. But he'll have fun and learn a lot, so he should do it. I carry a light cloth two-strap bag inside my backpack. It can be worn just like a backpack, but it crunches into about the size of a tennis ball when not being used. It's very quick to stick the laptop in the bag without fussing with any of my other stuff. Putting the laptop in the backpack is a more involved process - have to wait for it to sleep, talk to the person who points out to me that I forgot my cord (I didn't), negotiate with the person who comes and takes my seat that I was still using, etc., etc. Judging from how HP apparently tries to create products that rip off customers (like minuscule ink refills that cost $14 a pop and run out almost immediately), my cynical belief is that "lack of character" is necessary, if not sufficient, for promotion at HP. But in this case, they had nowhere to promote him to. Good to know. I'm out. Talk about prior art, Google already does most of this. Anyone know if there are any extra dangers from eating shrimp that have been chowing down on these microbes? Same thought here. And since he's using OS X, I wonder if he knows about terminal groups? Terminal groups (built in to OS X terminals since at least Tiger) do enable tiling terminals. And the options are pretty extensive - to give a very rough idea in case you don't have access to a copy of OS X, there are eight different tabs, each a pane full of various options, in Terminal preferences. But yeah X is probably even more extreme than this. If you are a VC who was at those meetings, and you are on your blog loudly claiming nothing illegal was going down, I guess you'll be directly answering all the FBI's questions instead of letting a lawyer do the talking for you, right? I didn't think so. The bad thing is, even if the conversations were innocent, the FBI does not let go easily. Things start nice... "just want to make sure we clear up any misunderstandings..." and then there are wiretaps, and more fun. Good luck. Their iPhone Facebook Connect documentation is beyond atrocious. What little there is was written by someone who, besides not being a non-native English speaker, also does not care about getting things right. Several people have mentioned how bad the documentation is, but nobody has provided examples. In case anyone from Facebook (or "facebook" as it's sometimes called in the docs) reads this and cares, I'm putting some examples from the docs below. The problem with having mistakes in the docs, is that as the reader notices more and more mistakes, they begin to have less and less confidence in everything that is written there. Once the documentation is suspect, every word in it is suspect. Here's an example of a sentence lifted from the docs: "i whose fields and values can be inspected and accessed." Yes, that was the entire sentence, if you can call it that. How about: "Application can implement these interface to handle them." Seems like a small error, but a more important message is given to the reader: You cannot trust this document. Just to preempt an obvious reaction, yes, you shouldn't trust any document, but there are levels of trust, and this kind of grammar makes the trust fall quickly to a very low level. Another one: "The FBSessionDelegate is a callback interface that your application should implement: it's methods will be invoked when the application successful login or logout." Same message there. You can't trust this. Then there are the code examples. Here's their example of how to use something the docs call a stream.publish flow: NSMutableDictionary* params = [NSMutableDictionary dictionaryWithObjectsAndKeys: apiKey, @"api_key", nil]; [facebook dialog: @"stream.publish" andParams: params andDelegate:self]; Ignoring the bizarre inconsistent use of spaces after colons, this example gives no clue about what else should be in the params object in order to make a publishable post. I could look it up on the Facebook developers (sic) site, but that data can't be trusted either since it changes so frequently and so little care is given to getting it right. With docs, correct is better than done. Good answer and I agree with it, but most of the time these ideas are invented and reinvented many times, easily, and they should not be protected by the government. You can describe a problem to a six year old and they can come up with patentable inventions that solve the problem. This says more about our patent system than it does about six year olds. Not just in the South Bay. They are perennial winners at the annual bay area barista competition, where judging is done by other baristas, so they have a lot of cred as one of the best coffee places in California. That being said, their new layout is a step down. Their slogan is "serious coffee, happy people" but now with the new assembly-line-style counter setup the people seem less happy. I agree, but you're entirely missing progrium's point. I think PG's emphasis on places like Skyline and 280 was trying to help compensate for the fact that a lot of people come here and stick close to highway 101, which leads them to think this is an ugly place. But in focusing so much on the landscape stuff, he left out some of the best people stuff. Dana St. is OK, but I give my money to Red Rock since they support the hackers. One of the best things PG didn't mention is the Book Buyers (used book store right on Castro in downtown Mountain View) technical books selection. Very impressive. Fair enough. I can drive a car with no driver, no driver, no driver... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HLUX0y4EptA Well it's a good song anyway, even if it isn't talking about an AI... yet. As long as Yujuan Bao is the one charged with writing the docs for the iOS Facebook Connect, I don't believe you. He may be a great guy, but his English, frankly, sucks and he shouldn't be allowed anywhere near a README commit bit. You'll meet a lot of ageists in your career. Ignore the objections from all of them, including yourself. You reinvented Nagios? They made out well before the social wave hit. But there is a reason. Plenty of reasons, in fact, some of which the article explains. This is a bit of an off-topic rant, so feel free to skip it if you would prefer a direct answer to the question. For many years I've made it a point to studiously ignore languages that come out of Microsoft, having been burned too many times by their constantly shifting and sometimes suddenly-expensive tools. Before anyone mentions price, sometimes the expense is hidden in places like what system I would have to run, with what total cost of ownership, in order to use their stuff. There may have been some unknown opportunity costs to me, but I am blissfully unaware of these and have had plenty of other fun languages to use. It would be great if you would submit this feedback on the document using the link at the bottom. Based on personal experience, Apple fixes bad documentation when it is reported. When I look at the executives he's talking about here in the US, I don't see Indians; I see Americans of Indian origin. Samsung as the best choice in compact digital cameras? I'm torn between thinking this is an instant loss of credibility for the site, and thinking maybe I should take a closer look at that Samsung model. But leaning just a bit toward the former. This kind of reaction from users could be an ongoing challenge for them. All of that is true, but it hardly detracts from jacquesm's point. I would call them not toys, which are truly good and meaningful, but novelties, which are cheap throwaways that appeal to fairly base senses of humor. #17 from the end looks like the creek near Google. I'm guessing those are some of the Google Street View people in the picture (one on scooter, one with visible badge, one mad scientist long haired type) :-). If your 1.0 version is in the store, what's the problem? A few members of your audience will download the 1.0, then a day or so later they'll get an update. Is there anything stopping you from showing the 1.1 version, and telling people that it's a free upgrade if they buy the 1.0 version? This actually smells like a marketing post to me. Get some interest, then a few days from now post a followup with a link to demo video, name of app, and bam, instant interest from the HN community. I really don't see what the problem is. It only happens on older devices [edit: or at least it only came to your attention after testing on older devices]. Many of the people who actually download apps have tend to update their devices regularly [edit: and thus are less likely to immediately see a problem]. And the update is imminent. No problem here. I love iPhoto Library Manager ( http://www.fatcatsoftware.com/iplm/ ). I doubt you'll find anything completely automatic... well other than wccrawford's hashing idea. Maybe they weren't talking about multiple simultaneous events (although the concept of time doesn't really apply anyway) but more about prior (in the sense of one having an influence on the other) events that had impact on the initial conditions for our current universe's big bang. "The Internet interprets censorship as damage and routes around it." - John Gilmore Terrible choice of words to use, since the capitalization (or not) of the word carries so much information. It's hard to take this seriously given his apparent obliviousness. Rim is taking a significant risk that its patents will be invalidated now for obviousness, or, just as likely, if prior art surfaces. It didn't say anything about how much power this draws. Any EE majors care to comment on whether this could be a reality on battery powered consumer devices? Right because those of us that feel that way, don't buy Kindles. We actually don't know what Google cares about, nor do we (including you) know what Future Google cares about. But your point is moot, because whether Google cares or not is irrelevant, if someone else gets a subpoena and Google hands out the keys and the data, which is conveniently backed up in the cloud. You're trusting a lot more than Google. You're trusting unknown parties from your future who will be able to get subpoenas against you if they wish, should you ever inadvertently get into certain types of relationships with such as yet unknown parties. Why would anyone need this when they have Gopher? I have met this guy several times and can say a few things about him: he is the real deal; he is very good, technically savvy, has been working hard and is developing strong expertise in connecting hardware devices to mobile devices, beginning with iPhone. He has a very good reputation at the Hacker Dojo. I'm betting you are going to hear a lot more about his stuff in the future. Wow. The idea that profit-motivated corporations would voluntarily do what you describe is an idealistic fantasy. That's why some regulation is needed. How well has the installation process been tested for userland-only (non root) installs? So you're saying it doesn't require any additional modules to be installed? [edit: aside from modules that come with perl, that is.] Cool. Why is that the problem? Just install Xcode 3.2.2, which does include support for the Simulator 3.1.3. You can get it from http://connect.apple.com/ - select Developer Tools, find 3.2.2. in the page, download it, and install it to a directory other than the default /Developer, so your existing tools won't be affected. You might want to skip the installation of the developer utilities, since the ones from the current Xcode will be more up to date. But you still are missing an important point. The Simulator is not an emulator. It does not run the same instruction set as the device itself. So the best way to test is still with actual devices running the versions of the OS you are interested in testing. What exactly is the safety issue? That was a big vague. He said "causing the problem" but didn't go into specifics about what that problem might be. Seems a bit too much like PR speak to me. Let's get it on the table: are these chargers a fire hazard? I read the headline with the context of business models, and businesses that grow to rely on Google, and then, one day, find out: uh-oh. Great, just what Perl needs: more FUD about Perl. /sarcasm There are different measures of greatness. Using exclusively the most modern Perl idioms is one measure. Another measure is getting shit done. Another is writing code that can be read by the average Perl programmer. IMHO the second two of those are way more important than the first one [edit: note I did not claim that any of them are mutually exclusive]. The author of the blog post is pushing a good agenda (promoting modern Perl) but doing so with tactics that end up adding more harmful FUD to Perl's already shaky reputation. Why is the Wattvision system $249? What are the big pieces that make the cost so high? I'm wondering if it can be done cheaper. The Revolution will not be televised. It had to be said. [Edit: if you missed the cultural reference, this will bring you up to speed: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BS3QOtbW4m0 ] I'm not who you were asking, but snappier performance. And reward people for good use of the site. Share your contact list with your contacts? You get some free InMail credits. Complete profile? Some more. etc. Microsoft: "Music you buy from us Plays For Sure.(TM)" (the above is just my interpretation). Is there a pattern here? This isn't the first time I've heard this gem (also repeated as broken gets fixed, shoddy lives forever). Anyone have the original attribution for it? I call bullshit. For financial risk, this doesn't apply if the founder doesn't have much to lose, or has a stable family they can rely on, or is just starting their career, or doesn't care about money. For reputation risk, that's hardly an issue, because making mistakes in considered a legitimate (even honorable) form of learning in startup culture; it certainly does not ruin someone's reputation. The real answer is way more simple: the founders hold most of the cards, and the engineers don't. Edit: and if the engineers don't like this, they are free to try to start their own startups. What recourse do you think that leaves for people whose Facebook friends do not refuse? If one of my Facebook friends allows this, they are, unbeknownst to me, sharing information that I consider private with that employer. I choose to put certain information on Facebook, trusting Facebook, its partners, and my friends with that information. I do not choose to trust random employees of random prospective places of employment with that same information, so this is a violation of my privacy expectations as a user of Facebook, and as a friend. "You shouldn't put information into Facebook if you are afraid of that information getting out." I don't. But people (including you, by your response) do not fully understand the risks they are taking. They shouldn't be allowed to ask, because some people will say yes. And those people will be putting their friends' privacy at risk, not just their own. You say they are getting access to information about that person. Actually, it is much worse than that. They are getting access to information about all the person's friends, including some very private information. I might trust my friends with ages, photos, and school locations of my children, but I shouldn't have to worry about whether that same information is being given to some creepy bureaucrat working in a department of corrections office. And to be clear, I'm not at all talking about the risk faced by a job applicant. I'm talking about the risk incurred by a friend of the person. Courtesy. More importantly, if I don't want to have someone as my Facebook friend, I have that choice. But I don't have a choice about what policies might be in place at employers my Facebook friends might consider. If you think it through, you begin to see why we have laws related to protecting privacy. Not if they overlook the problem, as many of the first posters in this discussion did. Looks like pirated content to me. We could talk all day about that, but bottom line: this kind of link doesn't belong on Hacker News imho. Good point, but that requirement itself is already beyond bizarre. Some scheme that at least partially counterbalances the large comment karma advantage garnered by early commenters on a story. As it works now, this advantage is an incentive for users to jump in early with low-quality comments that just get votes by pointing out the obvious. An example of a partial fix for this: show upvotes for comments as normal, but when calculating a comment's contribution to the user's karma, give lower weight to early comments, to reflect the advantage they had in getting upvotes. There's a reason people comment without putting much thought into it: it's because there is an incentive to do so. The earlier you post a comment that simply points out something obvious, the more upvotes you get, so people do that. They must be including part timers and interns, because a normal salary for an experienced engineer is significantly higher. Do you mean to ask what are the secrets to earning more money? Keep learning valuable skills, do good work, ask for more money (or ask for ways to potentially earn it, e.g. stocks), all while changing jobs from time to time. $100k is so ten years ago. Things have gone up now, at least in the bay area. Then your case is special (maybe you are just, well, more mature in years than many of us, or maybe you had family help). Most people just starting out don't own their houses outright. 45k-60k? No. You may be thinking of wages accepted by H1B holders who have just arrived and will take anything they can get. Or people who just don't know better. Maybe you live in a bubble. That never happens though. But more seriously, maybe none of your friends have had the experience of buying an LP, then later paying again for the same music on cassette, (and maybe 8-track and minidisc) and then again on CD. And then maybe they weren't aware that the industry conducted a huge PR campaign to let people know that when they buy music, they are just paying for a license, not for the physical artifact. Of course they only did this after people had already switched to CDs. If we had known this before, we could have asked for crossgrades of the license from LP/single/tape/8-track/minidisc/whatever to CD. And maybe your friends didn't hear about things like "Plays For Sure(TM)", Microsoft's DRM scheme that tricked millions of people into paying for music which Microsoft then decided would not play any more. For those of us who did hear about these things, after paying for the same music three times, we're ready to just download our fucking songs that we already paid for. I'm guessing it's that three things or something startup that recently sold itself to the domain speculator. I tried very hard to pay Oscars.com this year to get a stream of the Academy Awards event. They would not take my money. I tried three different browsers and two different credit cards. No go. Then later I read that people who did pay the money were duped. They ended up getting not the broadcast stream, but a bunch of bullshit side-angle camera streams, not one of which was the broadcast. This after a build-up that strongly suggested (pretty much promised, the way I read it) that this was the ticket to watching the Oscars online. This isn't the first time crap like this has happened. People get burned, and they learn. Apple used to show the current average review time on their developer portal. Are they not doing that anymore? True if they can find a pool of candidates that don't care about getting better compensation. Many people, like me, are not in that pool. If they can't get me the compensation I ask for, they won't place me. Someone else will place me instead. So by not doing that 20% of work, they are losing not 20%, but 100% of what they would make from my placement. But yes, perhaps they can make it up by finding people who don't care about compensation. But really my take on this is different. If it takes an extra 20% of work, then the hiring company is probably not for me. I'd rather work for companies where good compensation is a given, because they tend to do other things better as well. Wow, the pricing seems incredibly steep. I'm used to thinking twice before subscribing to magazines, since $12/year per magazine adds up. But they are talking about $8+ a week - wow. Good luck getting enough people to pay that. And before someone starts talking about lattes, I don't buy lattes, for the same reason. And I have a really good income. Isn't EBS intended for stuff like Hadoop job temporary data used during processing? This kind of complaint reminds me of people who buy a product that does A very well, but then they trash it in reviews for not doing B. It was never advertised as doing B, but you'd never know that from the complaining. Building a tool that just enables further development of cliques seems not so great. Of course it's great for you, since you get to be in on all the cliques, one way or another, if not by membership, by having a birds-eye view of all the data. Personally cliques rub me the wrong way, not just because of jealousy, but also because open exchange with others outside your comfort zone leads to more opportunities. We already have HN for that, though it's less exclusive and cliquey, and, dare I say it, less ageist than what you are suggesting. Yes. 1) What was in the SL directory? F-Secure claims the certified guy never inspected it. What about them, did they inspect it? They could have easily asked Hassan for a copy (insert appropriate caveats here about trusting sources). Sounds like they didn't even find one on their own, so how can they assert they know what it does not contain? They might not have gotten one of the laptops with the payload; that doesn't mean they don't exist. 2) How did the SL directory get there? F-Secure didn't even offer a theory. 3) Is Samsung installing keyloggers on a subset (random sample) of their machines? 4) I'd like to see it stated clearly, with no weasel words: Is F-Secure under contract with Samsung or do they have any business relationship with Samsung whatsoever? If not, are they angling for one? You don't need to question a statement that is already couched in terms like "it believes" and "appear to." Or were you meaning to question whether they believe what they say they believe? Let's say someone wanted to buy as a John Doe. How would they pay without the risk of revealing their identity? I guess he's just simplifying things, but the more complex truth is that a hacker's worth to the company is unlikely to so neatly correspond to a salary figure like that. (BTW that salary figure is about 10 years out of date; hackers are making more like 130-150k now, if only salary is considered). I've had years where my worth was 1x my salary, 10x my salary, and 100x my salary, based on unique contributions where I took the initiative to do things that most others would not have. I suspect most of us have good years like that, but they partly happen because of the context in which you work. It would have been unlikely for me to have such big contributions without being part of a team that was also contributing a lot. If points count, then I want to see them. But there's a bigger problem, as long as points matter for anything: Early comments, even fairly inane ones, have an overwhelming point advantage over late comments, even fairly good ones. Wow. Even setting aside the question of whether all cops are trustworthy, one does wonder why they are "ex" cops. I'm not sure about this idea, both because things that could be replaced by a free web site or cheap mobile app should be, imho, but also because travelers don't want more stuff to carry, and people in general (not just travelers) want fewer, not more, paper products these days. You might have an interesting starting point here not for a physical product, but for a mobile app or web site that does a bit more than a deck of cards could do. Maybe a site or app for crowdsourced location-specific activity ideas, for example. Sounds like a straight ripoff of David Weekly's Up For Stuff. As an outsider (not being you), I would consider it a red flag, nothing more. Additional evidence would be needed to draw any conclusions. Fairly convincingly nice and elegant UI. It clearly owes a lot to iPhone and iOS, although that is not to suggest that it improves on iOS, and certainly not on iOS 5, although the maps do look good. The history feature looks like a privacy nightmare. One swipe away, and someone who borrows your phone for even a moment can immediately see everything you've been up to. Where is the empathy for the user? BTW if I let someone borrow my phone, that means I have already unlocked it for them, but it doesn't mean I want them to have one-swipe access to everything. As an aside, next time they should consider having a more likable and less arrogant-looking person do the talking, and without (apparent) overdubbing. It came off as slightly creepy. I'd love to play with one, but I don't expect it to make any dent in iPhone. I am curious what other cool features it has that didn't make it into the video... since it's Nokia, we can expect a lot, so they do have my attention at least temporarily. Who uses Shazam anymore? SoundHound is way ahead in recognition capability, especially in noisy environments. I'd love to see a project where the data is MIT licensed too, not just the code. Even though I also believe that it is fair use, I would still defer to the artist's judgment on this, because it is their right to decide where the line gets drawn, not mine. That's why it's smart to ask for permission for these kinds of things. Two sides disagree - the tiebreaker should be the fact that one side created the original work on which the clearly recognizably derived work was based. That side gets more weight. What happened to HTML? If this were formatted with web standards, I could resize the fonts, scroll with my browser's built-in preferred scrolling mechanisms that aren't chunky, laggy, and painful, and I could actually read it. I'm not the only one to comment on this, but apparently whoever did this page is dense enough about web standards that the point needs to be repeated. How do you run a VC and not get this? My opinion of Founders Fund has gone down. Macbook Pro 13" for $999, then add whatever SSD you're willing to spring for. This way you get * the unibody * the magsafe * the battery of the MBP * the flexibility to easily use OSX if you ever need to (without doing the sketchy hackintosh approach) * the resale value of the MBP And you get a lot more machine for the money than the MBA. The one cost you have to accept is the weight. But that's giving you a very sturdy machine, something you might value. The video performance on this generation of 13" MBP is the one weak spot, but it will suffice if you don't need to be on the bleeding edge. It's not obvious from your question which aspects of the MBA are unsatisfactory, and which ones you would like the alternative to have. Can you say more about your needs? Ah yes, another person new on the Internet. Welcome. The blogger doesn't seem to be aware that this is an old idea, dating back to 1992 or earlier (well before the also old 1997 date given in WikiPedia for HashCash). See the references in this paper: http://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/~rnc1/proofwork.pdf Dude think of this as laundry for your resume. Once you come out of there, you'll be able to land jobs at much higher rates. Plus, the bonus thing does sound good. Don't talk to the employer about rates during this process. But it's OK to dangle carrots, such as your special ability to solve x type of problem if you have anything like that, something that will make it more likely for the employer to tell the recruiter "I want this one hired." Also start looking for other offers so that if you do end up wanting to say no to this one, that will be easier to do. When iPad first shipped with iOS 3.2, there was no support for traditional Chinese input. So anyone wanting to log in with a Chinese name, or type some Chinese into a form, would have been out of luck on an iPad unless they had some kind of add-on solution. Just a guess, but maybe Opera came with some kind of built-in Chinese input that compensated for this shortcoming? I love composability as much as the author, but his opinion is, to put it kindly, not well informed. iOS has a myriad of mechanisms for sharing content within and between apps, bot from the same developer and from different developers, with and without prior agreement, and for composing workflows and experiences that are greater than the sum of the parts. Some of these mechanisms are new, and the possibilities have not yet been fully plumbed. Some have been around for a while. But iOS is just getting started. People said the iPad was a "read-only" or "consumption-only" device, but, over time, we have seen tools come out that are great authoring tools for various types of content. The same thing will happen (and already has happened, but is growing over time) with cross-app workflows. As far as the title, "anti-Unix and anti-programmer," taking the first part, well yes it doesn't provide a built in command line for programmers, if that's what he means, although it does happen to be built on UNIX, and it benefits from the maturity of UNIX (and gives back, with OSS tools like LLVM). On the second part, the tools it does provide for programmers are truly wonderful - the Objective-C language, the frameworks, an amazing compiler with static analysis (if you don't know what this gives you, the answer is pure joy), the development environment (though Xcode 4 had a rocky rollout, it has proven itself to be a sweet update), the patterns that are used and encouraged, and the architectural choices, are all very well thought out. Programmers coming from other mobile platforms have told me that they left behind a lot of pain, and found a lot of power on iOS. "Anti-programmer" is a very odd way to describe a platform that makes programmers who get into it happy with their coding experience, makes them money, and gives users a great experience while keeping their private information secure from abuses by ill-intentioned programmers. I can't help but be baffled by where he is coming from. I love UNIX, the command line, and composing commands, but then I love cooking in the kitchen too. Different environments come with different tools. If we want to compare just mobile development environments, iOS is one that has clearly been developed with a careful deliberative process intended to preserve good battery life, protect user data, and avoid painting itself into any architectural corners. There are constraints. There always are. But iOS is growing, with very exciting (for programmers) features with every update, including deep stuff that goes down to the core architectural level of how your data flows in your program, in ways that promise a very, very happy life for iOS programmers on multiple core devices. The future is very bright for iOS programming. The "anti-freedom" charges, the locking out of certain features, you get the same stuff on any platform. Just try to publish an app that abuses the Android logo in any Android market. Not that you would want to, but then, I wouldn't want to publish an app that steals user data, and that's exactly the kind of thing iOS does not give me the "freedom" to do... and that's a good thing. All the mechanisms for preventing abuse could have been done in a much more heavy-handed way, such as by being tied to a central email account that you use to authenticate to dozens of critical services you depend on in your life, that can be yanked and shut down at any time, with a very tenuous appeal process. As developers we are lucky to have a platform that has done things in such sensible ways. You could not be more wrong. Not only is it part of iOS, it is part of UIApplication, the class on which any iOS app is built. Why even bother commenting, if you're just going to make stuff up? I'm guessing you didn't even click on the web link, which, you will notice if you do, does not lead to any library. It's just a site (which I've never visited before this myself either... don't need to, to write or use inter-app URL launches) that hosts an informal registry of protocols along with information on what they launch. To the author of this page, you should consider spelling out the meaning of AVR somewhere near the top of the page, so readers don't have to Google it. Also tell us a bit more about what it is before launching into an introduction that seems to assume we already know. Wow, that was an amazingly skillful non-denial denial. Notice how he never said Chrome does not collect user information. Because, as we all know, it does. I've often wondered how much it collects, by what mechanisms (including via third parties or analytics added by third parties) and to whom the information is available and under what circumstances. The statement from Mike West does not appear to shed any additional light on this; maybe it's answered elsewhere -- does anybody know? I've seen the Google Chrome TOS and wasn't able to get a clear picture from that. BTW anyone in Mike's position still may not be privy to everything that is done with the data, as some data collection and sharing may be subject to national security orders that that most employees are not allowed to know about. So any statement his team makes about this should be couched with "to the best of our knowledge." Not really that cool, when you see how they've ensured it will be available only as long as the web site and the institutional support continues. If there was a download link for the whole thing, documents and UI+backend source, now that would be cool. Crashed Safari (complete sudden browser disappearance, followed by crash dialog message) on fully updated OS X Lion. The obvious lameness of the one episode of this that I did see was enough to make me stop frequenting Digg. Won't miss it. It's completely understandable that someone would ask the police to do a welfare check, given the circumstances (signs reasonably interpreted as indicators of possible impending suicide). I'm sure he understands that he brought this annoyance on himself, probably with a good reason that's none of our business. But, now that his welfare has been established... Let's give this Googler privacy and space. If only we could expect Google to do the same for all of us when we need it. How about it Google? Consider this a feature request: Google Cocoon, an on-request service that hides your personal information from search and perusal in special circumstances. Sounds like a can of worms, but interesting to think about. Dear Google, There must be ways to protect user privacy that are better than collecting everything in a form that can just be handed over. Example: encrypt on the client side, with user-supplied, large, non-compromised keys, and don't ever inspect the data on the server. If you need to inspect data in order to serve relevant ads, do it on the client, and only send back enough information to tailor whatever ads are currently available. Maybe do the ad selection on the client too. If this doesn't work for one of your services, consider it for other services where it would work. Laws prevent you from providing service X without providing such-and-such a hook? Then don't provide service X. Provide a plugin framework instead, and let users bring their own service. Use your heads. Maybe use a bit of the compute power the client has available. You spun down a lot of your China presence because of stuff like this, supposedly. You should be able to take big steps anywhere, not just in China. You are smart. Figure. It. Out. I would love it if I could use "find my iPhone" inside my house without having to resort to the audible alert when other people are sleeping. So, yes, better resolution would be wonderful. Edit: and to address the obvious objection, no, the current resolution is not good enough for this. With the current accuracy, I'm not able to locate my phone within my house yet (iPhone 4, and no canyon issues here). My challenge back to Google: The setup: * A certain person named Prasand is in my Google contacts, along with his phone number. * Prasand has recently sent email to me. * Prasand is a reasonably common name in a certain English-speaking country of well over a billion people. * A common phrase when calling someone is to say "Hi this is " or "Hey this is " * Usually this comes near the beginning of the call. * Prasand probably also has a Google account, and Google probably associates his phone number with his account, and thus can look up interesting things about him, such as his name and various words he is likely to use, by using caller ID when he calls into a Google voice number. * Google knows my first name. Let's call me Natch. * Speech recognition can be made more accurate if large quantities of data are available with which to build models of how language is used in context. * Large data sets are available on the internets. Something tells me Google may even have access to large quantities of data already. * Google even has the capability, if it wants to, to build user-specific language models. Google, here is your challenge: Hire an engineering director for your Google Voice team who can manage to figure out how to do the correct transcription of the following five words at the beginning of a phone call: "Hi Natch, this is Prasand." Hint 1: you should fire whoever did the one you have right now. Hint 2: less AI, more common sense. Well of course that's just the substrate. A lot of what you do comes from what you've learned and continue to learn from your environment. Too fast. They really had to cram it into one minute? Amazingly well done, but what a pity. Would love to watch at least the YouTube 10 minute limit of this stuff, if not more. Obvious in retrospect. I had a friend who was a world expert in pen and touch interfaces and he had tablet computers from all over the place. None of them ever looked remotely like the iPad. They were all funky mishmashes that looked like they had been designed by committee whose main pool of ideas was based on hinges, swivels, styluses, and hideable keyboards. They were horrendous, but it wasn't obvious why until after I saw the iPad. Another example for your list, John: Born atheist, indoctrinated into the church, learned more about it, reverted to atheist. A TLDR skim of this ad by the average NYT reader will see only this: We support the bill. Yes, I omitted the words "goals of the" [edit: 's stated goals] but I'm talking about what the average reader will get out of the ad before they flip to the next page. Not good, imho. And yes, they do care about the average reader. If they were trying to reach people other than the average reader, there are better ways to do that. [moved from top post to reply here] I have not seen the Harvard lectures yet, but if you want some specifics, here are some areas where Stanford is doing a fantastic job: * HD resolution, with SD as well for those who want that. * Excellent picture (good lighting, etc.) * Tight editing * Tracks between instructor, board, and slides very well. You don't get those moments where you wonder why they won't show you the presentation. * Very high quality audio. Good mic placement and use. Cannot emphasize this enough. * Courses are being refined in successive semesters, using what they've learned. They don't just put out one semester and then consider their job done. * Closed captioning. * Instructor repeats every question. * Great, useful topics of wide current interest. * Great web sites to go along with the course, with links to videos and course materials as PDFs and zip files. * Instruction quality (of course this is a given at most good schools; professors don't get where they are by being bad. No problems with this at Stanford). * Really the key thing you can see with Stanford videos is that someone is actively thinking about the quality and doing everything they can think of to make the entire experience great. My guess is it's because they see a future looming where online is more and more important, and they want to continue to be a leader in that new world, not just in the current one, and they realize that the quality of the whole package matters. Then it's even worse, because the average congressperson is not nearly as bright as the average NYT reader. There are two issues here. The author doesn't really seem to care about distinguishing them, so I will: 1) Shitty rendering engines used in (some) ebook readers. If the ebook original has an em dash and it's being converted and displayed as hyphens, that's just bad rendering. Same thing if it has two hyphens together in a prose text context surrounded by spaces, and it's not being shown as an em dash, bad. 2) ebooks that start out bad. In this case, it's garbage in, garbage out. For this, the blame goes to the publishers, as he correctly noted. Has anyone done side by side comparisons of the same books, from the same publishers (I'm not talking about Gutenberg books that may have been converted using differing technologies, but major publishers), on different ebook readers from different companies? Very cool. I'd love to see the jQuery you used for this. Is that posted anywhere? There are much better things she could be doing with her time. I love that this worked, even though I'm not buying. For me it's a value-for-the-money thing. I'm sure I can spare the $5, and I'm sure I would enjoy it, but still, I get a huge amount more value from my $8 monthly-fee-for-a-limited-selection Internet streaming service (yeah, that one, I still love it even after the bumps). It's really great for our freedom from DRM that this worked, and I almost bought it just to support that cause, but ultimately I think prices have to be even lower for me to do outright purchases of content. But then, maybe that's just me. A lot of other people voted differently this week, with their wallets, and that says a lot. Are the Humble Bundles always mostly about games? It would be great to see some non-game bundles. A true statement that looks carefully crafted to have huge loopholes. Loophole 1: apparently they're OK with building software that is designed to allow public sector entities (bad governments) to obtain non-public information. Loophole 2: I guess they're OK with building software that is designed to allow private sector entities to obtain public information [and... the part left unsaid: distill it to create insights not readily noticeable by others with access to the same public information, thus giving these private sector entities overwhelming advantages in things like figuring out how to manipulate politicians]. That stuff, from reading the quote, I am left believing they are OK with. Which means the statement just comes off as PR-speak, and disingenuous. I wonder, how would the author change his argument if he was talking to people who take the position that the faster the TV industry dies, the better? If people get cut off from traditional TV, they will seek other media, likely through the Internet. This is a good thing. The article mentions Google's developers. I don't think Google's developers are worth much now to Google, because they have no hunger. A friend at Google says most of the engineers are just waiting to vest. Look at the poor quality of the speech recognition coming out of Google Voice for an example of the result of engineers simply not caring. To me Google is the new Yahoo! That being said, Silicon Valley is very bike friendly. From the site: >Legit is a complimentary command-line interface for Git I do realize it's free, but I think you mean complementary. >compliment each other well complement. Serious privacy fail, Facebook. You should not provide information on the friends unless their accounts are also subpoenaed as well (as John/Jane Doe if necessary). Without that, your response should be redacted so friends are listed only with non-identifying strings. IANAL, but this is common sense. I wonder what happened to that intensity when they were working on the speech recognition for Google Voice. What an utter POS. It can't even recognize long multisyllable names of people who are clearly listed in my Google contacts and have been for years. Strings (NSString) on Apple platforms are UTF-16. The Apple platforms are not exactly lagging behind in either multilingual, or text processing. I wonder what this team of three people knows that Apple doesn't? Or is it the other way around, that Apple knows something they don't, and when it comes to shipping products that work in the real world, Apple has figured out how to do it? I'm not a hater, but am a skeptic. Enough with the demos, how about making an MVP? Authentication mechanisms and they way they are implemented can have bleedover into the ability of a user to maintain control of their anonymity and privacy. Has there been any writeup that explains the potential impact of Persona on privacy? Not just the impact when used as intended, but also any unintended effects? Location/presence. It gives a reasonably strong indication that your device was probably in a location at that time (whether GPS was present, enabled, shared, etc. or not). Hate to even dignify this with a reply, but confusing spelling mistakes with grammar mistakes isn't cool either. Cool idea. One nitpick is: you're asking me to vote on whether a set of 30 or so jokes in a three and a half minute clip were funny. It's hard to do that, because some were funny, and some were not. Maybe with time addressing of the clips (possible with Youtube URLs I believe) you could offer up shorter segments and the idea would be more convincing, and probably work better as well. It looks great but like so many web sites focused on a tech project, it lacks a "what is D3" section. I read the preface, and I see that "D3 is a powerful tool" OK, and "D3 is really a beautiful little library" and it solves the problem of turning data into documents. Yes but how? I'm not saying I can't figure it out from the code, I can. But still a "what is D3" section would help. The site looks like a really nice mix of prose explanation and code examples. And D3 looks very intriguing whatever it is. OK I'm off to Google now. Even if he hadn't used the mobile app, it could also suggest people who have searched for him. Not to defend everything Meetup does, but conference registration is not really what the site is intended for. Your usage pattern unfortunately just happened to look quite a bit like that something that they may think poisons the dynamic (recurring meetups of people with shared interests, not mainly driven by an organizer's self-interest) they are trying to create with the site. I'm not saying your event was exactly pure self interest or bad in any way, it just isn't something that to them looks healthy for their site. And it doesn't fit the intent of meetup. The fact that you had a poor description is the final problem here that leaves me feeling little sympathy. Every project, conference, etc. should have a clear description provided by the creator, at least if they want it to be well received. Maybe that's a lesson learned. Please make it more clear whether the results are round trip or not. The best way to do this is to put a big ROUND TRIP right next to the price, instead of making us guess. I understand the price is shown in a box that encompasses two flights, but I don't know if this is a design mistake, trickery, or an actual RT price. It's good to be more clear than you think you need to be, when it comes to stuff like showing prices to fickle comparison shoppers. Nice stuff though! I look forward to using it when the load isn't so heavy as it seems to be right now. And please don't sell out to someone (cough, Yahoo!) who has a history of cutting the features that users love. Please make it more clear whether the results are round trip or not. The best way to do this is to put a big ROUND TRIP right next to the price, instead of making us guess. I understand the price is shown in a box that encompasses two flights, but I don't know if this is a design mistake, trickery, or an actual RT price. It's good to be more clear than you think you need to be, when it comes to stuff like showing prices to fickle comparison shoppers. Nice stuff though! I look forward to using it when the load isn't so heavy as it seems to be right now. And please don't sell out to someone (cough, Yahoo!) who has a history of cutting the features that users love. Look cool, I think this is going to get me to finally try trello out. Aside: As a silicon valley person, when viewing videos of people on the east coast I always feel like I'm watching people in another country. Such an odd, overly formal look. Interesting, but I noticed you write about your project, singular. Have you had any other projects? But your comment only addresses part of the point. You had no problem, but you had to retain physical access to the key for long enough to get it to the store and back. With this service, that requirement goes away. I'm not saying it was impossible before, but this makes abuse a whole lot easier and potentially much more widespread. Surprised that site has not done a teardown of the (more expensive) Phillips bulbs that have similar specs. They've been around longer and are the ugly oddly shaped yellow plastic ones. Mine have a bit of a buzzing sound when dimmed, even though the packaging claims this won't happen... am thinking of moving to Crees but it would be nice to see a comparison of the innards. I had upwards of 20 CFL light bulbs in my house and over time I noticed that they typically were cracking at the base, thereby leaking whatever was in them, after a few years of use. After you replace 20 with 20 more, and repeat a few times, the numbers start to add up. I decided to get rid of them. And I don't eat tuna. Comes up completely blank for me. All white, no error, no nothing. The problem is this: say you are my friend, and you have such a (fuzzily defined) "employer provided" account. If I have trusted your account, without knowing that it is your business account, my expectation of privacy for personal information I have shared with you is now broken. It's an easy cop-out to say don't share anything you don't want shared with everyone. Too easy. I do want to be able to share with just certain friends, and I don't want to unexpectedly have that shared, semi-private, information shared with the company they work for. This is a serious flaw with the bill. Does this send our HN credentials anywhere other than directly to the ycombinator site? I see a bunch of https and some http URLs in the code and could probably verify one way or another with an hour or two of work, but what can you tell me short of that? Nice but I wish people wouldn't use names like "w", "tuple" or "string" for variables. Tuple of what? The analysis that is needed for the reader to figure that out, however short, is friction you are adding to the code readability. The shame of it is this kind of friction is totally unnecessary. Looking forward to giving this a whirl though. Wow, thanks for the positive reaction to my comments. A breath of fresh air. Palantir has hundreds of employees swarming around downtown Palo Alto. Hundreds. Somebody is paying that company a LOT of money for something. There is something very weird about the employees in Palo Alto: I never see them at local meetups, events, parties, and such. They are truly strangers who keep to themselves and don't engage with the local community... and very young. I get the feeling they come from afar and are just out in California for a short time, and don't see themselves staying here. Like expats in their own country. Maybe they are from NSA families. Maybe Palantir functions effectively like an internship program for future NSA employees. Wow, so many weasel words. So what would satisfy me? "We minimize intrusions into our users' privacy by encrypting their data on the client side with good crypto algorithms and secure keys that assuming a secure client system are under the full control of our users." Followed by a list of types of data, and which types are or are not encrypted in this way. That comes close. It's not exactly PR-speak, but captures the spirit I would hope for. Google could at least try harder to be proactive about protecting privacy. Kudos for putting something up, but I'm afraid this is ineffective. It's not apparent to an impatient visitor which side of the argument you are on, especially to an unthinking visitor, the kind who falls into the "nothing to hide" fallacy. People on the internet don't read, they skim. And they are unlikely to follow the link at the end that finally, unlike your page, contains an explanation that attempts to refute the "nothing to hide" thinking. It would be more effective if you started out at the top with a clear statement, then made an attempt to back it up by explaining it in terms even "idiots" (to borrow your word) will understand. Nah, I'd go straight for: Please list the names, addresses, dates of birth, phone numbers, and any private information you may have access to (SSN, credit card number, banking details) of your mother, father, brothers, sisters, children, and any other family members. Might as well throw in all the info you have for any friends and acquaintances too. And their private photos, too, because you don't care about hiding things that people have shared with you in confidence, right? You must not, because you said you have nothing to hide. He/she might work for the government. Now, or in the future. And you (and they) are assuming the government can keep private information private. And the second part of what you said is compelling. I do wonder though whether the benefit achieved by the action stfu suggests might on balance overcome any detriment. Has this been taken down? Mirror, anyone? Not working for me, just gives a black rectangle once the video is accessed. So what is it? The "About" button just says it's a project intended to fix something. It gives some WHO and WHEN info, but it doesn't say HOW it will fix it or WHAT it does. Instead it asks me to take a large step of trust by installing executable code into my browser. It could mean somebody else can, because of key escrow and partial key escrow. Even if the key is generated on the device and stays on the device, you have to look at how the key is generated. With key escrow, the messages can be secure against attacks by everyone except those who have the escrowed portion of the key. "Apple cannot decrypt that data" Right. No doubt true. But there is a catch... and this is a big catch. Even if the key generated on a device lives and dies on a device, it can still be an insecure key if it is generated by an insecure process like concatenating a well-generated but short (low number of bits) key with an escrowed, possibly public-key encrypted, "LEA" (law enforcement access) key. Nice presentation. Curious, why was WebKit/Safari excluded from the comparisons? Or is WebKit the engine in some of these browsers and it just didn't seem necessary to include it? I assume these results are applicable to mobile as well, where WebKit is pretty big as I understand it. Surprised he never mentioned Coda 2. Isn't that considered the leading edge as far as web development workflow goes these days? Seems perfectly explained by the fact that the craft has just exited a huge "balloon" (it's a metaphor, for any nitpickers) formed by the solar wind. The lack of intergalactic particles from the sunward direction could be simply because the craft is in the balloon's shadow. $ pip install ocstyle -bash: pip: command not found The big red flag here is the author splitting hairs about the copied content being "factual data." This tells me he is insincerely attempting to navigate a perceived loophole. Anyone who has visited "Best of Craigslist" ( http://www.craigslist.org/about/best/all/ ) will see that there is a ton of creativity there, not just factual data. This goes for classifieds posts as well. And yes it is the user's content but it is posted on CL subject to the TOS. Put yourself in CL's shoes: they have to defend not only against "fledgling startups" but also against deep pocketed companies like Yahoo that sometimes buy fledgling startups. They cannot leave their service vulnerable to the whims of any parasitical company that would come along and attempt to exploit their users, their community, and their users' content. Another piece that Krrb is pretending to ignore is that the users only take the initiative to post in the first place because of the good will and critical mass that Craigslist has, with long investment and significant sacrifice, been able to create. Leveraging third party services is a time honored model for startups, but a startup founder should not expect a free pass if they try to do so in an abusive manner that induces users to violate the TOS. This: http://i.imgur.com/cocSwhF.png He has an example at his github link where he uses a simple bash for loop to do many images at once. Can the Saver Drop-In be used with arbitrary third-party URLs? To me this is what was being described, so if not, then no, it's not describing the Saver Drop-In. Original source article: http://www.russianspaceweb.com/proton_glonass49.html Thanks. Off topic but slightly related if I'm going to rely on your service as a developer: as an engineer at Dropbox, can you tell me why I am seeing random photos that are not mine in my dropbox Photos folder? And does this mean that other people get to see my random photos? Edit: only on iOS. And maybe it's not a "folder" per se, it's the second tab from the left at the bottom of the screen. Did Elon ever publish his promised paper with the details of the proposed Hyperloop idea? Thanks, very informative answer. I think they must be from a certain shared folder I have access to, which would explain it. Quite a relief, actually. Claims to have coined the term "culturalism" decades after it has been in wide use... Says "Culturalism is the unwarranted impulse to explain people's behavior with a "cultural difference", whether real or imagined," while running a blog called "Ask a Korean." Pretends culture has nothing to do with how accidents happen. all credibility lost. how so? Did you do a feedback round? I have some: 1. Please don't have the site ask me for permission to use notification center before I even sign up. This opt-in step could happen later. 2. As a potential user, I don't feel you need my first and last name right at the outset. Other services get by with email and password. The longer your signup form is, the more likely I am to bounce. 3. Saying things like "The party is on" evokes feelings of wild, reckless fun, not necessarily feelings I want associated with a service that I might rely on to keep my data secure and available. 4. As a logo, the origami figure does not convey anything positive that I can think of for a file storage/syncing service, but it does convey some negatives. All that being said, 15GB, sweet! I'll definitely look into it. To top it off, their password reset for existing users is completely broken now. I don't mean "poorly designed," I mean it is simply not working. When I tried to reset a password recently, I got "your password is too weak" for every password I tried, including very long randomly-constructed not-previously-used passwords resembling line noise. This after carefully making sure both entries of the password matched. Multiple times. The form simply does not allow the user to proceed, and it gives false reasons. It is broken. Nice, this could be really useful for beginners. I tried the "random regexp" feature and it showed one that used \P and \P , among other things. I have used named capture groups a bit I wasn't aware of these, and was wondering where they came from. Which leads me to the problem I had with the site. I was hoping for a way to easily (one click) get to the documentation for each of these. It seemed strange that a given name pattern could work for any human language, so I was trying to work out how this would be done. Eventually I found the tables at the bottom (with Advanced and Tricks tabs) but clicking on the links in there just adds the items to my current expression.. what I was hoping for was a direct link to some docs for the specific item (not a general link to the top level of some huge document). I get "Not Found" upon clicking the big main call to action, the Download Bootstrap link. Do you have a way to download my entire iMessage history including content? I don't care about who I chatted with (I already know the answer to that) but what I would like is a text-format archive of the content of all the texts, for sentimental reasons. My own texts, so no privacy issue here. That would be a really great app in fact, if you are open to pivoting... Also does this work in cases where the backups have been pretty spotty? That's great that it worked for you, thanks so much for sharing. I'll try again. I think it's more a hatred of (perceived or real) trickery, deception, and weasel words, in this case. From an organization that should be a model for others to follow. Really? Come on. To be fair, since the immediate comparison that jumps to mind is between Samsung and Apple, let's put it right on the table: I don't think Apple does this. I wish they had one more, more universally appealing, bullet on the "Everybody has secrets" slide: * Personal and family information "Personal use" does not in any way imply "no servers." Nor does using/having/needing/running a server imply business use. When did "serious" ever enter into it? I should be able to use or play with a server on the internet connection I pay for. How does one get set up to access the s3:// links their blog posts reference? I do realize these point to Amazon S3 buckets, but how to get at them? Nice! Why aren't the resources tagged "ruby on rails" also tagged "rails" and "RoR"? People will try searches on various tags, not just the first tag you thought of. Maybe you allow users to tag the content, but maybe I arrive at the site just wanting to search and find what I searched for. That would be a great solution here imho. Yes an underlying tag thesaurus would be good. Or tag synonyms as leepowers called (I think) the same idea above. Just to state here a metric for what the end goal is, whatever method is used would ideally provide the same or a pretty similar hit list for any searches for different synonyms with the same meaning. This hardly captures Apple's strategy. It appears to offer an insight into one step in their strategic thinking for one issue, but the title of the post is quite misleading. So your account has not gone away, nor has it been deleted, nor has any magic happened; your account is still there safe and sound on Google's servers, it's just that the settings in this one mobile app have been wiped, correct? This isn't addressing the (obviously rhetorical) question of whether they knew in advance, but now that they do know, fwiw: They have the ability to yank the updated version any time, 24/7, at a moment's notice, until a fix is available. They also have the ability to update the release notes after the fact. So, the government is burning your house down, and rather than fight the fire directly, you sue them to allow you to reveal the exact amount of gasoline being used? Why? Because it's an easier PR ploy. What these companies really should fight is the government's so far successful attempts to compel them to violate users' privacy. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Civil_disobedience They already know the numbers. The government is not going to shut down all of Yahoo just because they publish the value of a 16 bit integer. 1) Wrong. They do know the numbers for other companies, as ranges, which are plenty sufficient for comparison: http://www.google.com/transparencyreport/userdatarequests/US... 2) Wrong again. We know ranges (see link above) and we don't need to know the exact numbers. All we need to know is that the house is on fire, and we already know that. > they know nothing about Google Sigh. See above. The exact number issue is a red herring. Again, this is simply a PR ploy. Yes I know what happened at Lavabit. And seeing the Google/Yahoo execs going to prison to protect their users was exactly what I had in mind. I'm not saying I expect them to do it, but it would be admirable. We could get into hypotheticals about in which scenarios would this even help... and I admit that in many scenarios it would be futile, but for some scenarios, it would be an option, even though it would come at great cost. "Something for everyone" where everyone includes Google, the NSA, your future ex-wife and her lawyers, the Chinese Public Security Bureau, and any behavioral tracking advertising networks or other businesses Google cares to partner with. I'll stick with non-cloud-based computing for now. Decent description in the readme, but could not find the part that explains "what does this buy me?" Finally, it came down to: "This gives the applications the impression of running exclusively on a machine." OK but as an outsider that still doesn't tell me what it buys me (or what it buys you, or Google). (By outsider, I mean I have reasonable ability to administer my own Linux system, but wouldn't trust myself to do so in a production environment... so I'm not up on the latest practices in system administration or especially Google-scale system administration.) Setting aside whether I need it (I'm pretty sure I don't, so no need to tell me that) I'm really curious what this is good for. Can someone explain it in more lay person's terms? Sounds like applications can still stomp on each others files, and consume memory that then takes away from what's available for other applications, so what is the benefit? I'm not questioning that there's a benefit, just wondering what it is, and how this is used. I wonder if they are using some of the tools developed by Palantir. Cool. What is the structure of the sent.model file inside the corpusEN.bin zip archive? It's a strikingly small file for something called corpus. Say I have a larger corpus, or a corpus in a different language, how would I go about building one of these sent.model files with more data? Interviewed by a guy who doesn't know how to do audio. Unfailingly repeats every single question so we can hear it. Respect. FWIW, 0.1 is valid. So your plan for your mini Google was to iterate through every entry in the index? (Setting aside the ludicrous idea of iterating through a hash when you can just ask it for a value by key... or am I missing something? Please enlighten me if I am.) I guess you didn't know about the fold command, either... cat my-aspergers-unformmatted-text-file.txt | fold -s > readable.txt Perhaps you didn't notice that the subtitles didn't show up for the questions. And even if there was some assurance up front that there would be subtitles (albeit shitty ones, as anyone who looks at them can see) he still wouldn't know up front that the assurance was going to be backed up with action. So.. what were you saying? Who are the members of the forum? Can they be replaced? Actual original reporting, wow, sadly unusual these days for any publication. My respect for CNET might be resurrected. This is just some web view type data copied into a table view. And if we're going to trot out f-words, let's just note that it's fugly. I'm not surprised it was rejected. Speculation: 1. Heavy, relative weight difference is negligible. 2. Has power 3. Easy to open up and work with 4. Plenty of extra space inside 5. Travels into a diverse selection of households 6. (most important) the person has a day job in an iron factory. I also like the theory this is just a PR stunt for someone like a local iron retailer, or it was a local mod done to the irons after they arrived in Russia. I agree with what chamblin said, and to add one more point to that, you can choose the amount of uncertainty by using a larger or smaller bit array relative to the number of items you will have. That's what I do, and it works just fine. I was going to raise this point but you beat me to it. They explained that. It's a long-term play. This seems like mostly PR. Now if Motorola could give us a good usable mesh router for the masses, that would be something with actual impact. please explain My Fucking Mail would be a better name. As in, it's mine, do fucking not read it. Sorry for the profanity but I think it fits how many people feel about this. No, I know those roads well. Most people drive 75 on those two roads outside of rush hour. There are those who drive 80, but they are outliers. I did think of that while posting, but edited it out of my comment as 1) too cheesy and 2) it doesn't really make the point, because it just sounds like your typical big-corp lame name. It's a bit late for the HN thread now, but how about MFM protocol, but pronounced as "My Mail" just as RTFM is sometimes pronounced as "Read The Manual." Looks cool but as soon as I loaded the hackpad document (not the blog post) my computer's fan started going crazy, not a great sign. I love Crunchbase but I would have more sympathy for them if their long tail content was given a bit more maintenance love. If your content stagnates, you deserve competition. To be fair this takes effort, but how many young people would knock themselves out for a low paid or unpaid internship there to get this stuff done? It seems more like a lack of caring, although admittedly I'm an ignorant outsider. Nice, but why not add a readme saying how to install the dependencies? Or maybe they are easy to install, I'll give it a try. Also it would be nice to include all the docs (hah, minimal as they are) in the repo. Curious, if anyone knows: how exactly are the square brackets in this line helping do anything that wouldn't be accomplished without them? /^[U][b][u][n][t][u]$/ Figured out the answer to my own question: it must be a silly/clever way to avoid having the literal string "Ubuntu" in the source. http://search34.org/ has been doing this for a few years. As the creator described it to me: it does a search, and a parallel search with porn filters, and returns the diff. Maybe he/she is asking the non-cogs. Let's see if they speak up forthrightly, or give us another faux surprise "what the..." post. What does this give me that I couldn't build with rsync? I'm not challenging it, just wondering. He's anonymous to us, but probably not to the government. They can do stylometric analysis of his writing and zero in on him. Wow this is such bullshit. The sample graph he shows where he (correctly) debunks the stairstep theory gives no acknowledgement of the real-life situation, which is that many waves are interacting with each other in a signal, and it's not the stairstepping of the pure simple waves he showed that is the problem, it's the stairstepping of the interacting waves, which are complex enough that a low sampling rate can throw things way off (meaning off far enough to cause artifacts at audible frequencies) when rounding errors come down on the wrong side. Bring a California company in front of a Texas jury, and call wild-haired Stanford visiting professor Diffie as a witness? I'm afraid this says more about the bigotry of the jury members toward Californians than it does about the case. My hunch is they (wrongly in so many ways) thought they would teach the hippie a lesson. This is from September, back when people were speculating that Apple would release a low cost phone. And the entire article is predicated on a false assumption that this speculation would bear out. So... why are you posting this to HN? What an annoying post. Talks like he knows a lot, when he doesn't know this most basic of basic points of how C works. It's understandable to not know everything, even to have the odd hole in your basics like this. But the know-it-all voice (and for such a basic topic) "I explained operator precedence..." is just going to make you someone nobody wants to work with. This is not undefined behavior, it's one of the first things you learn about C after encountering the pre/postfix operators IF you pay attention to the details, which, with C, you should know to do. A lot of this seems plausible. The one part that is really weak, though still interesting, is the way the textual analysis was done. Robust stylometric analysis uses the frequency of use of the most frequent words (think stop words, like it, of, an, the, or, on, etc.), not the topic-bearing words. We might not know the answer to why it is important, until we know who he is. The jury's decision... frankly I trust Whit Diffie on this stuff more than I would trust a jury from Marshall. Because of the jury's decision. It's a hunch, as I said. My evidence is my own experience, but that's known only to me, to be fair. You have a better hunch? Let's hear it. I'm picking up that Sam may be a little off. Or at least his reading skills are really questionable. The developer clearly stated that he would look into it, which is what you say when you first get word of something serious that needs to be looked into. And he was appreciative, emphatically so, about being informed. And annoyed about his customers being informed as well, but that annoyance is very understandable, even though he may have deserved some annoyance by his apparent lapse in coding rigor. Some cool ideas here. Not new ideas, but if they are put into a shipping product, that will be good. Then they have "Stand out from the crowd," ugh. This is an unfortunate bullet point, just for its lameness. The screen doesn't look like a paper display to me. What am I missing? Are there color paper displays now? I've been trying a password manager. How do you get around the fact that it requires you to put in your master password all the time? You just set it to not require that, or have a really long timeout? Or have a super easy to type master password? lol, you got the ball rolling. I built a successful site that did this in 2003. I'm not sharing a link because I don't want to out my identity. But nice work on putting up your source and promoting the idea. Nice. One feedback for the maintainer of the OS X instructions: in the compile from source section, instead of giving the command line for installing homebrew (which by the way renders incorrectly with an emoticon on that wiki page) the best practice is to provide a link to the homebrew project page, because the command line may change, and because they don't want things like typos or emoticons getting in the way of people getting brew installed. Cool but it's very heavy on the numbers and light on the labels as to what the numbers actually mean. I'd rather see BIG or very clear explanatory labels and little numbers. One way to do this would be a big label with fine print explanation under it. Or (worse) tooltips visible on hover, but show the label, not just a big decontextualized number. Edit: OK, I'm an idiot. Every number on there essentially just means "uptime" so.. forget what I said. I misinterpreted the site as being something beyond just server uptime. Got a super low paid almost intern-type job at a very respected institution. Once that was on my resume, people didn't care (and I sure didn't go out of my way to tell them... I would if they asked, but they never asked) how low level the job was... they just saw the respected institution name and I was golden for the next step. Also had published some software that got me the first couple jobs. Publishing some software (open source, or an app in an app store) is a great way to get the credibility you need. If these are not an option, you could work for a friend, long enough to get something you can point to as yours. I love this "puts a floor on how bad the low-end phones can be" -- YES that's the really great thing about this. Very good for consumers, and competition, and the mobile ecosystem, and keeps pressure on Apple and everyone else involved to keep cranking up the awesome. It's about time. With scummy, law-breaking, deceitful, cynical, practices that hold the most cherished rights and freedoms of people everywhere in contempt, and bald-faced lying to congress, no less, on the part of top management, what's to feel good about? Mac Pro, MacBook Pro, Tesla.. or lower budget, some toys from sparkfun or adafruit. Nice list. But ugh no on the digital cutter unless it uses free and open source patterns. I wonder about the financial impact on gaming companies once users get creeped out by this. Nice job, NSA. Presumably when you say GOOD you mean good for the position. If you take a holistic view, that metric should encompass things like how they will work on the team, whether they will fit in, and even whether they will be good for the company. If your company gets measured (as it will) by future prospective job candidates beyond just this one hire, one thing they will look at is the health of the company (see the article). A lack of diversity in a company does not say anything conclusive, but it can be a red flag. As a very low level hiring manager (which it sounds like you may be, very low level) you don't have to think about this much. As you ascend to higher levels, the environment you are providing for employees, and consideration of how each employee you choose contributes to that environment, becomes more of a consideration as to whether someone is not only GOOD at what they do, but also GOOD for the company. And if someone with an overwhelming advantage in the job marketplace gets edged out in a tie-breaker amongst equal candidates, cry me a river; they will be just fine. Is Sivers really suggesting that just because she was OK with him reading the diary, she would be OK with anyone reading it? That seems like a highly naive assumption. And seriously, this is your entire project list? "Everything is listed..." As a programmer and someone who sees how other programmers work, I am not buying it. Please don't lecture us on secrets with weak false examples. It comes off as disingenuous. "Everything is listed..." Everything is a pretty broad word. Seems it's being rolled out in a sloppy fashion. In my Gmail account, images in email have suddenly stopped working. There is still a "display images" button, and when I click it, the images do not load. When I attempt to open an image link from the email message in another tab, I get a 404 error on Google's proxy server, with a super long URL. It devalues other tracking solutions, and makes Google's own paid analytics services more compelling. So users will still be tracked, but the trackers are more likely to have to share some of the money and data with Google. Easily is a bit of a stretch, because most users are on NAT setups and they would need to go into their router settings and know how to set them up to allow the external request to get through. So, yeah easily if (a big if) you know how to do that, or if (another big if) you are on a machine that is directly visible on teh interwebs. Google could impose a spam scoring penalty. Penalize mass emails containing unique identifying image URLs for identical images. Where identical means virtually identical.