This is like saying, "The police could get a warrant for your house anyway. I don't see why people get mad when they just walk in." The other agencies could get FinCEN data. They just had to show cause for it. I support a skills based test like LSAT for voting. It would be much less susceptible to manipulation and op-ed than knowledge-based voting. Sure, I think someone should know the Constitution to vote, but what if someone thinks I should know the Earth is 10,000 years old? On the other hand, a test like LSAT that proves you can figure out logical fallacies would mean the stupidest of the stupid don't get to affect my life. I'm not familiar with this kind of event, but are there not usually badges that designate different kinds of participants? The writer could have a "attendee" badge, while advertisers and pushers would have a different color/label on their badge. Some have suggested that DNS move to TCP, but I don't think that's proper. The nature of DNS lends itself to connectionless, lightweight communication. That said, could the next iteration of DNS implement application-level handshaking? The reason not to do this at layer 4 is because I, in the several minutes of pondering it, think it could break lots of security devices that track connection state across lots of computers in a network. Make some kind of C -> S request C S yes C S request C S no done I agree with the parent poster that package management and graphical environments on FreeBSD is NOT very easy compared to Ubuntu, for example. pkgng supposedly brings FreeBSD's package system close to Debian's which would be a great advance. I almost wonder why they didn't port Debian's system over completely. Is it a GPL thing, or did they do apt-get better? Android 4.0 on HTC/Virgin Mobile doesn't have the option. Well, the author was making a point about the way people interact with their omnipresent tweetdeck/camera device. He was painting a picture for the sake of making a point, not for the sake of "hey, I'm in Singapore". I am likely preaching to the choir here, but the following is true. If you don't like this 'externalization' discussed by the author, try this: Keep your phone off of your body more often. Going to get a haircut, or go to the mall for an hour? Leave the phone in the car. It is really freeing; you do not realize the subtle impact of that phone/pager/digital watch constantly on the verge of maybe someone messaging you. Try it out once or twice, especially if it sounds like it'd be tough. I understand how IMAPS, SMTPS, and SSL work. Not clear text... Kind of like the OP that suggests the same of driving. No one here seems to have mentioned the reason this law is still bad, even if it doesn't apply to personal accounts. Passwords authenticate you as you. It's preached constantly to people that they DO NOT GIVE PASSWORDS for others to use on their behalf! Even in IT, where people tend to know the implications, the trend is away from common accounts for work and toward individual admin accounts to increase accountability. If I, for some over riding reason, NEEDED to give a coworker my password for an operational emergency, I would change it as soon as possible. I would never give it to anyone at my company for records keeping or access. And firearms/firearm accessories stores around the world shrugged. Why are they always foreign? y cant they type normally lol Heh, downvoted. It is a legitimate question. It's rare to see well spoken spammers with proper grammar when interacting with them like this. You made it a semantic debate. "Don't use crypto." - you "That's terrible advice, we need crypto for x,y,z" "I don't really mean don't use crypto" "You just said that!" "You're just talking semantics." Well said; thank you. I suppose it's a confirmation bias: the most immediately noticeable spam is that with poor grammar, thus it's most easily identified with spam. I've been exposed to what bank fraud and phishing scams can be like, and the craft is really amazing. Not a big fan of on-the-job training, then? Instead of paying a nominal price for people relearning some primitives for a specialized area of IT/software dev, nowadays most companies want the new kids to go to $80,000 worth of college for the same. That way, the employer gets to skip training, and the student is less likely to leave because he or she has too much damned debt to be mobile. Maybe I'm projecting. cron is used on almost every production linux/BSD box on my team, and I'm sure there are many others who are similar. How many business workstations run Linux? How many enterprise mailservers run Postfix? How many governments have /actually/ switched to LibreOffice? Translated: >If I wanted to know what the major cybersec/surveillence stories were in the country with defacto control of a large portion of the world's internet, a hotbed of technological innovation, and the home country of this website, I'd turn to one of the least reputable news sources in that country. >Since its early days, Couchsurfing has had a gender imbalance, with more male members then females one. But it was not really an issue then, and more a reflection on the fact that men, unfortunately, have more freedom to travel then women. That phrase strikes me as odd. I would think it's because it's safer for men to travel alone than for women, not for some direct limit on their freedoms. why is mysql query bad? as someone who knows sql, I've always loathed over abstracted mechanisms for db calls. its also been a while since I've done web dev. Inherent in getting shadowbanned is not knowing or understanding why it occurred. My previous account had almost a thousand points, and though I made the occasional drunk rant, they were rightfully downvoted. To take away someone's voice, who clearly isn't a spammer, without them knowing, is a shitty thing to do. Ooooo, yea, you lost me when you attacked cryptography instead of sticking to the "spade is a spade" argument against being a dick online. No, I think people should be treated roughly in the same way they'd expect to be treated in meatspace. I know I don't always configure a server correctly the first time, but if my lead called me a fucking dipshit and a waste of time, I'd go find another job real damned quick. There's a certain level of banter and sarcasm allowed between friends and known colleagues, but strangers don't have that luxury, or shouldn't. valugi is dead. People would be more forgiving to individual departments and officers if ever there was fair punishment and contrition for crimes committed by law enforcement. There is always an excuse or a legal loophole, with no admittance of guilt or evidence of self-reflection. My tutorial: * Get Thunderbird and Enigmail. * Use Enigmail to generate your keypair * Upload your public key to the keyserver (via the GUI) * Proceed to use email. BAM! Done a hell of a lot easier than this tutorial. I'd call out something I mentioned in my other comment in this thread: Enigmail + Thunderbird makes it pretty easy to get PGP up and running. Make an elegant doc on configuring that, put up a refreshing landing page, and you're golden. They'll stay experiments if barriers are intentionally put up to prevent package compatibility. Debian/kFreeBSD is an awesome idea, especially since FreeBSD's package system sucks and ZFS is unparalleled. However, I don't think that's the only reason to avoid Systemd. Until the corporate influence over federal politics makes them the master of their creators. In effect, they are the government, shaping law and jurisprudence to their necessity. If I'm supposed to care, I'm failing. It is always a rough transition when government changes its policy to one of more morality and fairness. Protected business interests who have shaped their business model around shitty laws now are at a disadvantage to businesses that can spring up around new rules. That doesn't mean our laws shouldn't change for the better. So have computers. Just to be clear: northwest is for the repeal of the 1st amendment. OK, so candidates can only use one site. Then "Friends of Candidate" will set up a site, or some random blogger with a million followers will set up a website. There is no stopping the message, or the money. The voting system needs to change, among other things. the government should also do less, so there is less power to be had at the top. It has/would have had an impact on what is considered "giving information to the enemy". If they found him guilty of that, then any document release posted to the public for the intent of the public consumption would be considered "aiding the enemy". I watched Casablanca the other night. SPOILERS I thought about how the Gestapo had Lazlow in their midst, at the same TABLE as them, and yet didn't do anything immediately other than deny him further travel. Of course, it's a movie, but it was an interesting thought. Nowadays, if Snowden were known to be hiding in a foreigner's Moroccan cafe, we'ds drone half the building. Also, I noticed the pride and the wonder that America inspired in the workers and patrons of Rick's. It was a symbol of freedom and opportunity. I wonder how many people see it that way now. Do what I do! I have my own domain name, currently hosting with Google Apps. If I get the motivation to move to another host like myself, I can do it without changing contact information. At the moment, I accept the danger and resent myself for it. Moving to a custom domain is one step in the process, though. And really, since all your email hops through relays constantly, the only truly effective anti-spy technology is message encryption, which wouldn't depend on where the messages end up. the vuln was not that the JS was bad or untrustworthy, but that the passphrase was sent to the server. If the entire connection to the server is secure, and the JS is loaded from the secure server and is auditable/checksummed, then the risk is minimal. You either trust the code or you get out. And encryption schemes never become outdated. The error code for censorship is the reference. I guess not everyone would recognize that, but I immediately noticed. Tower of Babel. I'm not sure "Extinguish" is necessary, but perhaps the teaching of a common language throughout the country would be beneficial. I can't imagine the United States having a different language for every House district, with only 5% of the population speaking common English. * Redhat is somewhat open-core: They develop proprietary interfaces and products as well as the core OS. * Nagios. F. James Sensenbrenner - http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=2139021... I heard the same thing. His position is that there is a common sense definition of "relevant" that they did not define in the law, and that the NSA would be cool and only look at what they needed. EDIT: A quote. >What Congress intended and what I intended is that the target had to be a foreign national and not a U.S. person. He would be targeted, and then they would find out who that person was calling, both in the United States and elsewhere, rather than grabbing all of the phone information and working backwards to the target. The relevant standard was intended to limit what NSA could do. They took the position that it expanded it. And that tips the commonsense definition of relevance on its head. I try not to purchase anything from Amazon if I can find an equivalent elsewhere. In the long term, a monopoly on retail is a bad thing for us, and I'm taking the long view. EDIT: Though I must say, I've always wanted a print+digital feature, and if the paperwhite is as cool as they make it look... Not talking your own laptop at Starbucks. Don't use a rented machine. So much of what the NSA does is enabled by high technology, and their continued disregard of the US Constitution will continue via digital channels. We as technical experts of the younger generation (mostly) have a civic obligation to be informed, and as long as the conversations stay in-depth and not one-liner potshots, it's useful to have it everywhere. At work, I make sure anyone around me isn't watching my hands, much less my screen. I get what the guy is saying in the article, but I don't agree, either. iPad has momentum Surface doesn't. We'll see how the surface 2 comes along. Everyone else is chiming in with their anecdotal proofs, so I will with mine. Yes, if you have a long password or key-only method of logging in, and disable root login, and patch the daemon, then party on. But for the extra bit of protection against 0-days and bullshit amounts of logs from quick port-22 only scans on your network, it helps to move it to another port. This is why I disagree with your mathematically founded reasoning. It doesn't fit with real world scanner behavior. If it's just your home network, it's not confusing because only you use it. If it's a corporate network, then using putty might be a little annoying, but it's not hard to communicate another standard. Ugh. My sister says the same thing: If someone does something for profit, suddenly it's everyone's business. I don't get the logic at all. Your comment was akin to "Fix your attitude, you asshole". Let me rephrase your comment to something you would approve of: --- >this particular MBA actually knows what exception handling is and wants to know why the fuck we're not doing it. It's not fun to be berated at work in front of colleagues, and the purpose it supposedly serves can be accomplished by taking the role of mentor, not drill instructor. Don't you think that's a bit harsh? It's a bad mistake for a coding expert to make, but perhaps coding wasn't their first skill, or they had a bad teacher. Call them out legitimately with their faults, let them know that certain best practices are required, and move on. Or even better: If the organization is large enough, have a coding standards document in place, like the Linux kernel and other large software projects do. And no one tried to justify it. I found Bzr much easier to learn than Git, and I'm not aware of architectural powers that Git has which bzr doesn't. I wonder how the EFF and many readers here would feel about the secret convention that created the Constitution of the United States. There were arguably good reasons for having it done in such a manner. Certain crimes are deemed inexcusable. Murder someone because they're black: Horrible. Steal a wallet because you have an addiction: forgivable. Rape someone after being convicted and released from two prior rapes: Inexcusable. Not every "mentally ill" person is curable, nor can every mentally ill person be trusted at an attempt for re-integration with society. Funny how you're defending the right of serial rapists to seek help and therapy while you "resign yourself" to the fact that people who don't "get it" are shitty humans. TheSOB88, you are dead, my friend. Another casualty of a poor policy. Gosh, the cynic in me thinks that this man "active in the blind community", who sits on a "disability advisory board", might have gotten uppity. The hopeful in me wants to think that with 35 other people supposedly supporting him, it was a true screw-up on the airline. You got hellbanned, saneshark. Ya, I've noticed that, too. My wireless VLAN has blocked outgoing traffic on several uncommon ports. I know. I disagree with the practice, especially when I look through the history of the account and see no flagrantly offensive remarks. HN mods might think this site is a temple, but it's disrespectful to waste someone's time and mislead their expectations of feedback for months at a time. This account is not intended to be a novelty account; you can see I post relevant discussion most of the time. I am, however, someone who was hellbanned for quite some time for an admittedly less-than-stellar post. One facetious remark got a 900+ karma, 3-year old account banned. Doctors can tell when someone has been suffocated or poisoned. It is something that should be monitored and have strict conditions on the age of the patient, maladies suffered, level of consciousness, and time spent attempting to cure. That said, it should be weighed the morality of keeping a thousand people alive to die slowly and painfully so that one person might not get put down before their time. Bitcoin is special because it has more users and recognition than litecoin, and it has more users and recognition because it's special. A currency gets its value from the recognition by others of its use for trade. Bitcoin has more of that than the others. For anyone setting up a non-federated chat system, why not Mumble? Sure, it's primarily used for gaming, but the ability exists to use a text-based client, and everything is encrypted by default. >John is an unfortunate Liberal soul who lives uncomfortably in the middle of a Conservative hellscape. While he is not a fan of politicians, period, he has developed a deep-seated hatred for the bigotry, fear mongering, and lies of the Right Wing. He also rather enjoys steak. Uh-huh. Also posting a Youtube link of it for all the heathens to take a look at. I'm not sure this is the end of AMD, though. Are they not going to make any server processors? Can APU's not be used for high-end gaming? Can the GPU portion of the processor not be looked at the same way FPU's used to be seen? They're not the bad guys anymore because they're not bombing and invading countries. They're good guys because they're peaceful with us and supply us with goods and services. The morals of bombings and war didn't change. Their behavior changed. So yes, we could be the "good guys" if we stopped spying and shooting at every foreign nation. We could be the "good guys" if we stopped spying on every citizen, and stopped creating a domestic military force out of municipal police. every comment you have made in this conversation has been insult and dull sarcasm. no insight has been provided. I am no supporter of hellbanning, but I cannot fathom how, given this site's heavy use of moderation, you are still allowed to comment. I know I have made no friend from you with this, but I hope you reevaluate the content of future posts. There's also BSD Now, which is pretty cool. More BSD coverage is always nice! "You know all those things you like having in a smartphone? You could do without them, you know." I agree with your point that more software = more surface area, but your examples of alternatives aren't very viable for most people, in my opinion. Except bzr is conceptually easier to learn and has a more consistent command syntax than git. The syntax is part of it being easier. Also, though it's been a while since I tried using any official git documentation, bzr's website had handy tutorials, references, and cheatsheets available. Great layout, assumed no VCS experience. One other has clarified, and it's important: Email is pseudonymous, and that's all that is required. Frustrating, but not quite as speech-quelling as addresses and phone numbers. Oh, and you bought that domain with a credit card. I get what you're saying, but it depends on how you learn it. I tried learning both of them through their official tutorials and /their CLI commands/. With git's more confusing command set, I had a harder time learning. I haven't tried personally, but most of the time now one cannot purchase or use a prepaid card without associating it to an address. You know, for turrursm. I assume it's an IDE, since there is no information about the product anywhere on the site. I expect a homepage to have a brief description of its product on the front page of the site. Barring that, I expect a similar brief description and feature set description on an "about" page. This has neither. I am eventually able to find out more, but only after assuming what it is and extrapolating what problems it's trying to solve. Always beware of physical -> digital analogies. When the whole world has the ability to walk by your door, windows, and alarm system and pick at it without being seen, then you probably should be grateful when some of them let you know the back door is open. I'm most shocked by the fact that the news agency reported the white-hat. I thought revealing a source was looked down on in journalism. http://www.charitynavigator.org/index.cfm?bay=search.summary... Transparency in government activity is different from disclosing support to an organization. Consider the ratification of the current US constitution. It was debated and written in secret, ratified with no 'general public' debate on the final draft. George Washington was unanimously elected president of the Convention,[9] and it was agreed that the discussions and votes would be kept secret until the conclusion of the meeting.[3]:11 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Constitutional_Convention_(Uni... Though it's been a long time since I studied it, my impression was that the actual votes and internal debate of the convention were under wraps until it was complete. This example might not match as well as I thought to OP's king->democracy proposal, though. Am I experiencing deja-vu? I fee like many of these comments (and their responses!) are exact reposts from earlier submissions about this very same topic. "The court is saying the FCC needs to reclassify providers" "The Republicans are holding up nominations" so on so forth. Holy shit, what a ridiculous comment and company. Meta-comment: I read this article with the real title on HN, and it mentioned almost nothing about Facebook. I assume the mods changed the title, which steered the early conversation about the piece. Therefore, due to "title activism" taken too long after the post, I was thoroughly confused for a while. Wait, a kettle[1] that you put on the stove and whistles when it's boiling isn't the standard in the UK? It's what I use for preparing hot water, and I have no issue with it. That's when I want tea or french-press coffee [2]. Sometimes I use an electric percolator[3] for coffee, and what a cup it can make! [1] http://www.amazon.com/Stainless-Teakettle-Litres-Whistling-X... [2] http://www.amazon.com/Bodum-Brazil-French-Coffee-34-Ounce/dp... [3] http://www.amazon.com/Presto-02811-12-Cup-Stainless-Coffee/d... Hear hear. I was reading this thinking, "Why would I need /that much/ complexity in the stylesheet? I get variables and some other niceties... perhaps I'm not thinking complex enough with HTML5 video games and whatnot. Bah. I had a similar idea at my university to provide instant-feedback course guides for all degree plans, class descriptions and online resources, etc. The university went from "awful system implemented 20 years ago by Sungard" to "awful system implemented 1 year ago by Sungard". Don't pretend this YBB+ app, created by students, had any chance of being accepted by the university. Furthermore, it is a joke to claim futility and waste of talent for these men who built this website, created out of a real-world (first-world) problem and proven to serve user demands. I appreciate perspective and, when more general discussions on government abuse are taking place, comparisons to other 'first-world' countries. You're being criticized because we should be able to have discussions about other parts of the world without changing the subject. What are you going on about? The person to whom you're replying was only explaining the point of another post, not criticizing or applauding it. You're arguing at the wind. Or maybe two people came to the same logical conclusion about someone's post. >As much as I'd like for every bootcamp to have altruistic motives, some seem like a money-grab to me. Regulation should not ALWAYS assume a stupid citizen. Just like total surveillance might make us somewhat safer, total regulation might make things somewhat less fraudulent. But do the benefits justify the costs: bureaucracy, cementing a fast-paced industry in the molasses of government? Creating a new set of taxes, fees, and public employees? I kind of stopped when he suggested that every employer of low-wage workers was a soul-sucking evil-doer. > "our unique people culture" (translated: hire feeling, thinking, living, breathing human beings with lives and dreams and aspirations and hopes of their own, and turn them into low-wage Crew members striving to reach the top of the daily and weekly and monthly and quarterly and annual performance reports) To the other person's point, if you're the only one who gives a damn, then using PGP doesn't matter. >Our control regime for abusive surveillance technology must include create a societal norm that these systems are morally unacceptable. I couldn't have said it better myself. You and pikachu_is_cool are boggling my mind right now. The guy is having a moderately high amount of money coming in for him now, based on something he did out of passion. There is nothing wrong with money for stability. If you don't like it, give it to charity... or save for health issues, because we all now realize just how pricey a scrape can be in America. Twitter is such a shit platform to convey ideas and motivations. I should claim that that was my point, and that I was trying to be satirical. However, the truth is that for discussing motivations and explaining things, such as Flappy Bird's demise, it really is not the ideal way to convey a message. Nuance and detail are gone on Twitter... and to your point, I was initially downvoted for my comment, presumably because I didn't give sufficient contribution to the converstaion. I must admit, breaking the Unix philosophy for ZFS to unify FS/volume/RAID management is a dream come true. Well, proprietary textbooks about ancient math is kind of silly. And Blackboard is anti-educational. Have you ever tried to use it? Many people have said it and I'll emphasize: To the extent possible, ISPs should not be doing layer 7/deep packet inspection. They carry traffic. They shouldn't filter. Not only is it unethical, but it's impractical for providers. What about a mesh network? How would they implement BCP38? If a bunch of computers are hooked together in a mesh relaying traffic in all directions, how can one do ingress filtering? The number of strawmen in your argument is staggering. But I don't think the military should get the worship it does, and cops are supposed to be civilians and neighbors, not soldiers. People don't hate on EMTs and firemen. You know why? Those people don't shoot your dog, beat you and arrest you when you look at them the wrong way. Until there is a STANDARD of good cops throwing out bad cops and NOT facing retribution; Until there is an established, effective and formal method of oversight and accountability for verifiable acts of police brutality and false arrest, I will not invite any police officer to my home until I've known them for quite some time. --- Final remark, To your comment directly: Officers need to change their behavior first. This isn't going to be resolved by people loving cops in the hopes they'll get in a better mood. 'They' need to remember they are 'us'. As opposed to having 9 managers? The guy came off as somewhat of a twat based on that. OK, people are dying in Africa. Does that make NSA spying ok? He ended a little better by making the point that we should be doing more than just talking, we should be building technical defenses against such things as NSA spying. It's a reasonable point, but I think he was just trying to be edgy in his talk. I'd love to. What platform should I use? Requirements: * No Wordpress, Joomla or Drupal * Easy to configure and deploy * Internal comments subsystem preferable I was looking at rigging up Dokuwiki. It obviously has the ability to publish data/articles, it has plugins to give a discussions page, user/ACL support and it's pretty simple to deploy. Drawback is it's not designed by default with the "reverse chrono" ordering, tagging of articles, etc... I'm lookin at Jekyll for static content, which is pretty much what a simple blog can be, but I keep getting errors trying to use rubygems (not a rubyist, here). If some of the pens didn't let me keep possession of the words I wrote, or limited the number of people that could read my manuscripts, I'd choose a different pen. Perhaps it's not terribly important, and I'm to the point where I'll capitulate, but I want something I can self-host, and I want something easy to run. You don't own what you don't host. There is far too much weight put on a handful of tests. It can pass/fail kids for the year in courses, depending on location. And since the standardized tests, now being created by quasi-federal coalitions like C-SCOPE, are so important, everything in a curriculum is focused on teaching to the test. No exploration, no flexibility in how to teach. I get what you're saying, but "education" isn't a vocational activity. There are a lot of issues with public education (age-based grade levels, difficulties of each subject tied to the same grade level, rigid teaching methods, etc) that contribute, and the standardized tests are an easy thing to see is wrong. I love it when people without deep knowledge of a subject try to learn about it and explain themselves to others. I guarantee my stone tablets will last 100 years if they are cared for as specified in the user manual. Am I crazy? apt-mirror creates a full repository, and there's a tool called deb-squid-proxy or some combo of those words that lazily caches packages. When I think about Dorner or the Boston bombers, I think about how much chaos they caused, and the fact that they evaded regional manhunts for days while accomplishing their goal. To contrast your observation: Imagine what a group of dedicated, intelligent agents could do to stir things up. Another example of how complex git can be. How I wish git's interactions were more like bzr! Seems no one here so far has mentioned Rackspace. Let's start by saying that DO has fewer features for a complex deployment: No load balancing, no private subnets, (IIRC) no IPv6 at the moment. No "cloud files" or S3 equivalent, the scaling isn't as automatic as RAX or AWS can provide. DO can't host Windows (which still matters for many existing operations, don't fool yourself). RAX gives more information and granularity on its VM levels. Finally, support. RAX can do managed services, dedicated advisors, IT support and servers for sensitive data. DO has none of this. --- There are two things DO does that I appreciate (though neither concept is new): * $5 hosting. RAX is a minimum of $16/mo now, for the same VM strength. * Application deployments. The ability to one-click deploy Wordpress/Gitlab/etc. is pretty damned awesome. DO is great for technically competent people who don't need a lot of infrastructure, or otherwise have a consistent level of server/bandwidth requirements for their servers. You hit the nail on the head in a way I didn't regarding the core competencies in the market. I think RAX and Amazon kick ass at 2 and 4, and DO is working on 1 and 3. DUI is a problem, and any human loss is painful, especially when avoidable. All that said, I feel like DUI is an overblown problem, in a way. 8 people dead per 1 million estimates incidents of DUI with a max. toll of 10k lives is not insignificant, and human loss is always bad. However, I disagree with your thesis. Curing cancer, raising the standard of living for the poor, and the death toll to obesity are all much more impactful things on society, though DUI is more 'senseless' and painful for victims. I think limiting the need to drive is the only feasible option. * You won't stop people from drinking in places where they can't sleep. Drinking at a bar costs 5-6x as much as drinking at someone's home, and yet people are constantly going out to be in a public drinking environment. * Hopefully, we won't see mandated technology on vehicles requiring alcohol inspections for driving. Privacy, constitutional and technological issues all exist there. Yes, I know the devices exist, but they're clumsy, frustrating, and in the US are only used for people convicted of a 1st time DUI. Solution: Incentivize people to walk or taxi home, or have a designated driver. * By far the biggest immediate change that could be made: Make taxi services as cheap as possible. Stop limiting competition like Uber and the pedbikes in Austin from competition; while there are public safety concerns regarding drivers, I think the economic and safety benefits outweigh the risks. Cheap, responsive drivers = less drunk driving, period. ESPECIALLY in places like Texas, or most of the US, where public transit isn't ubiquitous. * Allow mixed development and stop making suburban islands. If the hip bars are a three block walk from the houses and apartment complexes, fewer people will need to drive. Or, if you're making a suburban neighborhood, build the bar/drug store/grocer right into the town! * The following thing is a dangerous and controversial thing to say, because it might imply that DUI is "okay": If you're going to drive after drinking, be honest with yourself. Don't say "I'm totally fine to drive". When you're exhausted on a trip, you don't just say you're fine and keep driving. You either pull over and sleep (get a cab) or you recognize your state and roll down the windows, turn on the radio, splash some water on your face, get a Red Bull, etc. If you are inebriated, say "I am drunk, don't speed, check my mirrors, watch out at all the intersections." That is a big cause of accidents, I'd be willing to bet. Whenever you see government propaganda about the dangers of DUI, it's the couple stumbling to the car, kissing each other, and not paying attention to driving. It's not good to drive when your body is impaired in ANY way, but the big problem is not recognizing your impaired state and focusing on the road. --- Postscript: DUI checkpoints are shit, and I don't care what the Supreme Court says. It's an invitation for the police to create probable cause and search your entire self and vehicle, your insurance, and if you piss them off, your cell phone. Even if you're sober, avoid them/fight them whenever possible. They hide it (which I think is foolish). They in fact have a pre-Openstack infrastructure where 256M instance is $11. http://www.rackspace.com/cloud/pricing/ >And why does he repeatedly belittle coding? The same reason other articles on HN in recent days/months/years have: People spend their efforts on sexting apps and Candy Crush ripoffs instead of tackling "real change". It's hard, complex, and I don't really blame young talent for going after the big money... but it can look pretty frivolous at times. But he believes that the U.S. House — rather than state or local government — is the perfect place to start. “I’m running to tackle the issues that most affect families in South Jersey, like too few jobs, too high student debt, the need to act on climate change and the opportunity to make vital investments in education and infrastructure,” he says. “On those and many other issues, the leadership of the House of Representatives have obstructed any attempts at moving our country forward.” --- Thinking like this is why we have a gigantic, anti-Constitutional federal government. Why can't he work on infrastructure in NJ at the state or local level? Why can't he work on jobs programs and economic incentives for businesses in NJ? Climate change is the only thing listed that needs action above a state level. Christie didn't say "I wish this is repealed, but it's my duty"; he said it's for the good of the consumer. It is industry protection. Right. I think the point is that you shouldn't be relying on experimental standards for one's web architecture unless you recognize its experimental status. >If we'd only funnelled our money in those things with tangible, well-defined outputs, we'd have shut down our nuclear physics Departments and the world would have been a very different place. What? Are you suggesting that the US wouldn't have researched Nuclear weapons if we had started sooner? "Legal" and "compliance" offices are not unusual in large organizations; they do exactly what they sound like they do. Legal is the lawyers. Compliance is the group that audits the organization and ensures all relevant legal and industry regulations are being met. Alternatively, the "office of Trustworthy Computing" over which Scott Charney[1] presides does sound creepy. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AUfSp5SnKL0 As others have pointed out: It wasn't the first time the idea had come up, but he came up with it and looked into it independently. That, at the age of 14, is the kind of thinking science fairs should be encouraging. As a Ph.D project? Not so much. It's the "do something" mentality of people who value the strength of government over the people. This way, the government can pat itself on the back, knowing it wouldn't get resistance from the auto industry since, as you said, they're already trickling the tech down. Why would an auto-industry group applaud the move? They're the bastards who have the power to install rear cameras on 100% of new vehicles. It's all a show. --- As an aside: I own a vehicle with a rear camera, and it's an amazing feature. About a month ago, I told a friend "If I were one to support arbitrary government power, I would say we need a law requiring these!". I guess that's the world we live in. The only vehicles that have comparable visibility were old Broncos and large trucks. New cars, with their low-visibility rear windows and high backends, seem to be designed with the intention of getting more people into accidents. As always, there is a middle ground between "rah rah " and "one world!". The U.S. government, especially its intelligence agencies, have many potentially grave flaws for a democracy. Putin and the Russian government, however, are decidedly worse leaders for freedom, and no friend of the US government or its citizens. Therefore, it's not unreasonable to look to be less dependent on their honesty, integrity and goodwill. So stop being so F*ing judgmental. I enjoy the separate boxes as well. That said, the chrome-style 'question mark prefix' is not ambiguous. It's not racism. 1. (Sociology) the belief that races have distinctive cultural characteristics determined by hereditary factors and that this endows some races with an intrinsic superiority over others If I know another high school is equal or better to my alma mater, but prefer my son go to my old stomping ground, is that wrong? If I prefer my son date someone from our geographical region, with similar cultural upbringing, is that wrong? For what it's worth, one of my most trusted, intelligent and mature friends is black. It frustrates me when stereotypical liberals tell me I just have a "token black friend". I didn't know I had to have at least two black friends to not be racist. Most "racism" is a problem with culture and politics, not with skin color, which is not racism. As we discuss this, can HN get away from using Verdana? The site looks less than pleasing when viewing from a FOSS Linux install; to get the HN official look, I must install ttf third party stuff. It is a courtesy to explain downvoting when there is no controversy evident in the post. Let me explain my post: There are myriad open fonts available on the web, and webfonts is a known, stable feature of web browsers. There is no reason to use proprietary fonts on a tech website of such a caliber. At work, I am writing tools in Python 2.6.6 specifically because the latest version of RHEL comes with only that, and I cannot get aftermarket versions of tools onto our servers. Is that the fault of Python? No, but I'm sure I'm not the only person working at a stuffy organization with crappy open source policy. >propagated by nothing much more than cargo-culting It's propagated because it's a standard, and it seems many people ARE comfortable with it. It also seems that I enjoy my font-size just the way it is. I've just written my first reusable, outlive-my-employment level of code, and keeping my code under 80 lines was trivially easy. The only thing that was the slightest level of nuisance was that the function parser in notepad++ couldn't cope with a multi-line string definition inside a function. The bulk of my time was writing clear, understandable and educational documentation for the library. Why are you so hostile? I wrote a small XML parsing library for a firewall API recently. Just writing about 15 functions handing data off to each other made me nervous about not enforcing types. The best I could do was write function signatures and descriptions. To point 1, Minecraft chews memory and processor for breakfast. I understand that some of the larger server have thousands of players logged in simultaneously over huge areas in a minecraft world, so I can imagine 4-5 digit hosting bills. To point 2, you're hosting a server with lots of attention, one that is DDoS friendly, and you've got the eyes of lots of young technical people. In the world of one-click DDoS, I don't doubt it can pose an issue quickly. So what? So it's incredibly hard to even enforce what Mojang says they're targeting, and in trying to do so, they're spooking a ton of legitimate developers and server owners. The real question is how children are spending hundreds of dollars online without parental consent. I know the EULA is universal, but all the defenders of "no-free-to-play" cite the "for the children" defense as the reason why this is such a pressing issue now. As a player, Minecraft is only free-to-play if you voluntarily pay a server owner. If someone doesn't like a server, log into a different one! If you want to put in dozens of hours on a world without fear of it being griefed/having the rules changed, run your own small server! My thesis is that this is basically a non-issue. If Mojang wants people to know they're not the ones charging for server access (the parent anecdote in the article), they should have a big, permanent banner in the server browser: "If you're paying for items on a server, you're paying too much! Minecraft server access is free by default!" and so on. I disagree with an assertion. There is still a reason to use if TLS is enabled: The first scenario where users want to store something encrypted on a server without the server having the keys. Now, I'm not defending JS as a method of doing this, but there is a use case. Thing is, a lot of places are doing that. The downside is the geo-distribution gives us Indian contractors with strange accents, inability to communicate and assert, and overall a huge communications issue by default. Australia needs to step up its subsidies to IT outsourcing firms. > Why do we develop this way? Why aren't we considering the behavior of the application more than how it's stored? All of my projects now utilize a JSON-based key/value store. What a self-centered statement. "MY projects don't need ACID or relational enforcement. Therefore, SQL is useless." This seems reasonable. I think the 'themed' naming works well for up to perhaps a 100 or so servers/devices managed by a single team, but with tons of automated provisioning, I suppose unfun naming is a requirement. God, how awful. That's the point of TTL! This is a false dichotomy. Can't we have secure, somewhat non-portable EHRs with super strong "Won't release without auth" procedures, or perhaps, as someone else implied, the data should be transfered via sneakernet on USB or similar? And how common, as a ratio, are crippling medical screwups related to multi-practice miscommunication? I'm sure the absolute number is non-zero, but risks must be weighed. If one person having a crippling issue saves 100,000 people from having their personal data released against their will... If he takes after Lockheed and the rest of the industry, he'll wrap his tentacles around at least a few states in order for them to shout when he says. If multiple small magnets are ingested, they will likely pinch and rot tissue while working through the intestines. Without reading, I don't know if any children (the main culprits of swallowing small items) have died, but I know some have gone to the ER. Yep, this is all a show for Black Hat, and with many more interesting topics to discuss, it's sad that this bullshit caught the attention of the media as the lead story. At RSA 2014, the lead topic was the role of government, its link with industry, and the ethics of omnipresent spying. All I've heard from BH as an outsider to that conference is "Well, there have been a lot of compromises over the years, and some Russian group gathered them all up to make it a big number." A tl;dr for the article's tl;dr: This is not a big thing; the list is largely outdated; there's no new breach; if it were a big deal, than more than just some salesman at BH would be screaming about it. I find some of your content presumptuous, but overall, I agree that, if you tell a child to check in or be home at a certain time, this app won't solve insubordination. Either lock them in at home, have a real chat about it in person, etc., but this novel locking mechanism isn't going to solve the problem. >Emotions are weird, if you're sitting around worrying about your child then you need a hobby. If you're worried about your pre-teen while he/she is out roaming the city, you're a good parent. It doesn't mean you have to be freaking out all the time, but my parents cared enough to be concerned if I didn't check in at the deemed intervals. Cell phone theft cannot be such a large problem that this is a politically beneficial thing to do, much less a legitimate use of power. >and municipal infrastructure projects are a disaster outside a few well-managed cities like NY citation needed... I know government has a reputation for being wasteful and corrupt, but weird for you to defend NYC. "Keto" and "paleo / low carb" are different. Keto goes to the extreme, allowing almost zero carbs, to induce ketosis in your body. Paleo is more "no grain, no dairy, no legume", but fruits are still allowed and encouraged for providing natural, sweet-tooth-satisfying carbs. Yep, and there will never be a world where we all eat the same thing. Let the poor eat wheat. Paleo is pretty affordable at the lower-middle class, if you're willing to put the effort in and cook. My biggest hurdle is how easy unhealthy stuff is. Is this similar to the Anomos program that died 6 years ago? https://anomos.info/ Anomos would have required a tracker, like torrent, but had onion routing for downloads, I believe. Ingenuity is always fun to read about, but I strongly feel there are comparably inexpensive solutions that would be a lot more effective. > Entrenched ISP buys hip hosting provider Not a fan... though, as a former small-time customer, RAX just couldn't keep up on the drive to the bottom with pricing ala DigitalOcean or others. RAX is more full-service, sure, but it seems the market isn't as sustainable there. Clicking on the article also immediately clarifies the meaning. The price isn't free, it's was more than $700,000. If these school districts wanted to send a political message worth hearing, they'd protest government fat and refuse shipment. If they were to be completely practical, they still wouldn't take these. "It will be carrying teddy bears"... buy a van! The maintenance costs on this are incredibly expensive in the long-term, and I can only imagine what this would do to small-town roads or fields with even semi-regular use. "Without cell or wifi [to the internet]" is a reasonable implication. Did you think this was an article about the human microphone? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_microphone "Lawyer" -> Founder of TJ's. No shit he's doing it for the money: everyone tends to do their job, at least in part, for the money. But I think it's very presumptuous of you to assume he has no loyalty or respect for the brand. You also seem to think that he's "getting what he deserves", as if what he's doing is wrong. It isn't. Maybe because every question he asked is something that doesn't add up with the story. It's an anecdote, but my mom grew up on a small farm and she remembers hearing the squeals of a piglet as the sow ate it one time. She didn't eat pig for a while. A router preconfigured to use Tor and other services is not that original. It's impressive in America, where it's not needed, and moreso because Chinese is "exotic" and superficially less "practical" than learning Spanish, which is a useful thing to know south of New York. The Podcast ecosystem allows programs to automatically fetch, pre-download and archive specific subscriptions of content. It's not a stupid idea. Perhaps some implementations are poor, but I'd rather have a purpose-built format for pulling down content than clicking on an Apache index page for the .ogg I want. No, a username is not meant to verify identification. Your username is your identification. It's public (or at least, not sensitive). Your passwords is the authentication to your identity. Sure, a fingerprint might be one of several factors for authentication at secure sites, but that is rarely the only thing. It usually coincides with badge readers, photo-ID, etc. You said a lot of nice and true things about OpenBSD, but you didn't back up your claim against FBSD: What unnecessary and experimental technologies are you referring to? From a server standpoint? I think FBSD is top-notch, from my observations. There's a weekly podcast BSDNow that is very informative. The hosts are a bit amateur with their fluidity through topics, but they know their stuff. You can stream if you want, but downloading is one of the highlights of it. I can download it at home and listen for hours at work or on a trip without dealing with poor or capped cell signal (or, like the majority of people in the US/world, without any data plan at all). Public school, learning environment. The administrators are ignorant, and the policy is too strict. Even if you thought the policy is a good fit at a high school, they should be trying to use this as a chance to tune the student's interests into a classroom assignment or something rather than just tell him he's in trouble. I help run the web proxy for a large bank. /That/ network has plenty of reasons to be completely locked down, and we even provide wifi for employees to use their devices for personal web access. My point being that I recognize the legitimate use of a proxy to secure a network from malicious software and completely inappropriate sites (for a public net) like porn, violence, etc. But this is a place that should censor as little as possible. To what end are non TCP/IP/Ethernet tools used? The incident proves that Sony is incompetent and didn't prioritize cybersecurity the way an information-based company should. The network is a lot more porous these days, but if your bold assertion were as serious as you think, then every bank in the world would be popped. Sony was the slowest deer. I understand the principle, but let's not get to philosophical about this: You ran reddit's servers and worked at netflix in their availability department. Cut out a morning coffee and you have enough money to run SSL. SNI works with anyone on Windows > XP, and any mobile / Apple / Linux OS you'll find visiting your site. How many IE6/XP hits does your site get per month? Forward secrecy on PGP? So I can't go read my old love letters? Funny, it's the Infosec guys (me) with the coolest tools and some of the most innovative code where I work, but IT won't let us use FOSS monitoring software because it hasn't gone through the proper approval board. See how broad that brush was? I thought it was the Internet Storm Center at first, which was going to blow my mind. The difference between bobcostas55's "narcissism" and the communists, is that bobcostas55 is allowed to express his. Holy shit, do I really have to point explicitly to Egypt, Iran, China, Venezuela Russia and the old USSR to show examples of what happens when expression of dissenting thoughts are banned? Freedom of thought IS right. Until you cross-pollinate with Monsanto's seeds on accident, and they sue you for IP infringement. I'm like Richard Stallman is for FOSS on this: One case of "sue for cross-pollination" is too much. Our food supply and the freedom of people to survive and save food stores is too important to let Monsanto and others fuck with the food chain. Food is not a place for a EULA. And if you're some sort of liberal hippy who wants to save the entire world, then perhaps the government should buy out these things to ensure it's a public good rather than a Q3 profit driver. I like it, but so far anyway, I'm not feeling discernible differences in performance. That's just me though! I would like to see something akin to Ghostery's interface where I can see exactly what trackers/ads are hitting me at a site, and whitelist by domain. I do a bit of both. I make the quotes, I make the comparisons and analogies that everyone else of my opinion does. I also talk about specific policy issues - reform/removal of the well-abused PATRIOT Act; civil asset forfeiture; independent investigations for police violence, and so on. I bring up issues of privacy on topics many think I would unabashedly support, such as police cameras. Who gets to see that footage, under what circumstances? How long should tapes be retained, if they aren't needed for an investigation? I suppose I agree with your point, and decided to respond with how I take that approach. Why does there need to be secrecy and indemnity for corps sharing non-PII data? Everything I've heard about these CISPA-esqe sharing schemes is that the gov wants to have corps share potentially unmasked data with the gov AND with each other without risk of getting in trouble for privacy violations. But this is already being done. Look at FS-ISAC - a private email list that shares IOC and spam data between banks and financial institutions. What needs to change in the law that isn't currently allowed? This is what it looks like when people don't recognize that security is a spectrum. This is a politically charged topic with powerful, malicious actors. The thread an unusually large number of green members posting mostly against what HN has been mostly for. It's an odd pattern, and the parent above saying it's "vile" to call it what it looks like is overblowing it. Odd that idTech, known historically as a corss platform engine that was unique for being opened after its profit was done, is now seemingly one of the more closed engines on the market. You're assuming that someone with a conviction is worse than someone without. One point in the article is that you don't know! The person who has no conviction might not have been caught. Look at the sociopaths and murderers who sometimes have millions or billions, and are in control of thousands of jobs. They're just smarter about getting away with things. Furthermore, you suggest that if only we didn't have those strangling minimum wage laws, businesses would hire convicts for less than minimum wage. But sticking ex-cons into wage slavery is exactly the opposite of what the business described wants! They want to maximize their positive impact on their community, not just get out the most from their employees for the least investment. I didn't downvote you, but I can see why others did. Unequal pay doesn't mean unequal independence. I'm in debt with a middle class job. I'm just as financially independent (in the short term) as someone making $250k, or someone with no debt making 60% of what I do. There are middle grounds that would still be better than a plaintext internet. Cert pinning, even self-signed certs, would be better. First time to https://example.com - I get a prompt and a UI element telling me it's self signed. I accept the risk (This may not be who you think it is! - but it probably is) 2 - nth time to https://example.com - UI element tells me it's self signed, but the same as before. Whether it's the NSA or the site, it's the same person at the other end. Next - does the cert change to a PKI-trusted? Then great! I get a UI element (no prompt) showing the site is trusted. Does the site get a new self-signed cert? Back to the first step. I believe this, and the parent notion of default cert generation by apache installs, is better than no SSL. It's not as good as fully verifiable auth. --- And son of a gun, I know this isn't an original idea, but I can't believe it took another post to remind me this is exactly how SSH works. Sure, you can get the server key to your DO host and transfer it to your client, but how many people do that? They accept the fingerprint they see at first, assume it's good, and probably raise an eyebrow if it changes. Don't like it? OK, let's go back to telnet. I won't give anyone I know the excuse of ignorance when and if they vote for congressmen openly supporting the criminal actions of our government. And your theory is based on the idea that things will never change, and I do not feel like giving up on the idea of limits on government just yet. And Udall is from CO, not NM. I feel it shouldn't be unreasonable to expect AWS/Cloudflare/Akamai to have policy-based routing to blackhole a lot of these source subnets. Of course it's complex, but these are some of the largest hosting providers in the world. His argument that he keeps playing because he likes hitting people, is analogous to saying that I keep riding my bike downhill because I like the high. > I am all too willing to sacrifice a bit of freedom to gain stability, reliability, and peace Bribery as a matter of course for accomplishing mandated tasks is its own kind of servitude. At least in America, we can bitch about it and (mostly) not be jailed or murdered for it. Heck, sometimes, things even change for the better. As someone who works in information security: Security is a spectrum. There is never all, and there is rarely nothing. I think the point is that people are carrying binary blobs and littering the "kernel" (park) 24/7. That they were able to sneak a political statement onto a pedestal in a public place isn't shocking or fundamentally security-breaking. And they're in the right, so there is that. I'm still trying to decide how I feel about the presentation and the underlying messages that episode delivered. On one hand, I believe it is sadly necessary to present the issue in such elementary terms to the people who wouldn't otherwise give a shit. I don't think it trivializes the problem - it just makes it more accessible to the ignorant (at best) or WorldStarHipHop-filming (at worst) voting population. On a tangent, I think Jon's demeanor was a bit to jerkish for my taste. I appreciate the desire to not look like a softball interviewer, but some of his jokes and remarks and mannerisms were embarrassing either in its insult to Ed/Julian or in its pure unfunny character. If you build a custom logger into a startup/scheduler instead of using the existing logging component, you're doing it wrong. Really, if you're not using the logging mechanism to check a system, what are you using? I've heard the opposite for vegetables; that steaming/sautéing spinach and other such veggies will break down some of the nutritional value. "cargo new helloworld ; cargo run" doesn't work for you in Windows? I did some REALLY REALLY MINOR code in Windows before doing it on Ubuntu, and I had no issues dependent on OS. The actions Mozilla proposes sound awful. I believe that a secure (from the NSA) Internet is the way forward. But this seems so goofy to me. There are legitimate reasons for a site not to be hosted on HTTPS. * It is a static site with no forms or logins * It is non-critical info * The site operator can't afford a certificate (Let's Encrypt is only one site...) As you say: Color-code sites with a bit more granularity. Don't cripple the cleartext web. I wonder how sustainable this is in the long-term: trying to shut down every website/protocol where imaginary numbers that are valued by multiple people are hosted. Just think of all the terrorist attacks that were caused by HN information not already on Youtube or PirateBay or I2P. Definitely a typo. A programmer at my company doesn't make 7,600,000. Same way pirating a movie is the same as stealing a car. Soylent News was stood up more than a year ago after /. forced a new style on people, and generally started going downhill. I read both now. "On The Media" did a special on the PATRIOT Act, with some history, analysis, and predictions. They do mention the same thing: That many of the things we don't like are authorized by other measures. One part of me is similarly cynical, and that if it was allowed to expire, they "let" it expire. But the hopeful part of me realizes that change happens in increments. Maybe reforms will continue to come, because there will NEVER be a "fix all civil liberties violations" bill. http://www.onthemedia.org/story/on-the-media-2015-05-29/ Cool story bro + unrelated attack on the product = reddit-level posting. It's a copy of one of it's pages, as it's a quarterly journal with a less-than-stellar web presence. I'm watching the video now, but are you suggesting that QNX, which is not Free and Open Source, has already accomplished MINIX's stated goals of OS reliability? I would like to hear Mr. Tanenbaum's answer to the less provocative form of the sentiment: "What design decisions were made with MINIX3 that other RTOS with microkernels didn't consider?" I've had the opportunity to taste from a $500 bottle of wine. It it not substantially better than a $30 bottle. Same with a $150 steak vs. a $50 steak at a good restaurant. They have made lots of functional changes in the past two years. Better image presentation; more sorts and filters specific to the category browsed. But before 2013 or so, it really was a POS 2000-era site. craiglook and padmapper, and others that put useful UIs over the dataset, did a real service to the platform and Craigslist destroys them. "Nearby listings" doesn't work like I'd like it to. It'd be great to be able to choose from multiple craigslist areas and run searches on them, distinct of their proximity. "Hello parents, please put the light of your life on a two-wheeled vehicle so if she gets on an accident on the highway going to school, she won't hurt anyone else." IMO every edge user should be getting a /62 at the smallest, but a /60 seems doable. /64 is the smallest idiomatic subnet. So a /60 would grant 2^4 subnets for SOHO use. Frankly, no one really probably needs more than 3 (internal, DMZ and external) for even SOHO operations. So many one-liner garbage comments, no way to downvote. Let's start by saying: cool, it's satire, and learning technologies through novel applications is the heart of hacking. I ain't even mad. But no, shadowbanning is not cool. It was originally for spammers, not for real people you don't like. It's inconsiderate, because if effective, it wastes peoples' time writing comments they think people can read. Comments they believe contribute to the conversation. And it's not cool. And to be clear to jMyles: This is trickery. Disclaimer: I was shadowbanned many moons ago (hence the name now) for one comment out of hundreds I'd made on this site. That one comment was rude and terse, but not something unequivocally hateful or harmful. For that, I posted for weeks without knowing my comments re: the technologies and news I care about were being blocked. It's not cool. oh no, I was talking about comments. And the parent is right, it comes along once you have enough karma. I'm actually psyched about Palo Alto's app-id and Snort OpenAppId that maybe firewalls will start allowing things through by behavior instead of port. Then we can have the internet back the way it was designed. This is very true. That's why you MITM everything with your own CA! > Five years after the bursting of a debt-laden housing bubble, the authors find, GDP per person is nearly 8% lower than after a “normal” recession (ie, one that is not accompanied by a financial crisis). I read that as the 2008 one specifically, but that was an assumption. Because your quip shows an astonishing amount of deference to an often incompetent and power hungry government. At least I can choose my vehicle. I do believe that University should not be required for many fields which currently do. I also believe University costs too much for many, and that textbooks are an outright scam. I also believe a broad post-secondary education is a wonderful thing to have, and that if you can do undergrad full time (doing a real "job" as little as is required to supplement a beer/computer fund), you'll find that having your full time "job" being to learn new things and meet new people is an amazing gift. Throw in the opportunities of studying abroad (that I didn't take advantage of - do it in the first two years) and University is a great experience. If Amazon (and my coworker in a 3 person dev shop) can automate the scanning of common API key patterns as a pre-commit filter, I wonder why Github itself doesn't flag for this sort of thing before publishing. Simple was banksimple.com. It's as if one can't legislate away every problem. The throwback of the U.S. looking to get to the moon was pretty interesting. "I'm not judging, but here's my judgement" It sounds like there's a Kickstarter, which is targeted often to the general public, asking for money to develop a technology that eludes the pinnacle of AI research at the most well-funded organizations on the planet. They killed common loot and put on lots of trade restrictions precisely because of the behavior you participated in with D2. They have brought it back around to more D2-ish style gameplay in the most recent patches. Dear Mr Patel, Take the reddit stereotypes back to reddit. -Smart, civic Texan with smart Texan friends. I don't care if two OTHER 15 yr olds bang each other. If some punk 15yr old is banging mine, I care. I notice many blogs and wikis have this problem. It's like they have a separate piece of software for that component of their site, and don't bother to integrate it with their main page. If an alien civ discovered that flag somehow, we've probably tipped our hand. Morally, they do owe an explanation. They're a giant in their market, shutting out competitors with no good reason. Scala, Go, Python, Haskell, Erlang. Because making presentations inacessible to people with screenreaders is hilarious. So we go from the extreme of JPGs to the extreme of no-nav text pages. Well, he's a known name in political circles, he raised a non-trivial amount of money for the purpose of running a campaign, and he's a more serious candidate for president than several others whose names are much more out there. Given how corrupt and paid-off Debbie Schultz is, and how the DNC punishes Democratic candidates for participating in unsanctioned debates (!) I think he has a right to be angry. Not to mention, his point is spot on. the country won't chaneg without campaign finance and electoral reform. EDIT: Just to cite: “We’re not changing the process. We’re having six debates,” said Wasserman Schultz, who has been under fire from several Democratic presidential candidates over the debates. “The candidates will be uninvited from subsequent debates if they accept an invitation to anything outside of the six sanctioned debates.” http://thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/presidential-races/25319... I completely agree. This is why I've been skeptical of socialist healthcare - your business becomes everybody's business. We MUST have a private option; a way to opt-out of public benefits for healthcare, if we are to maintain the option of freedom. *Some fonts. >Reddit has a bad reputation for being a repository for hate speech. Because for all of the world’s-largest-secret-Santa programs and for every lonely teen able to find friends on Reddit, there is a small and vocal minority of bad actors trying to ruin it for everyone. And let’s face it, you’re much more likely to come into conflict with them if you are not a wealthy white man. What a garbage article. Reddit's full of horrible content, but it's mostly on /r/atheism and /r/politics. the hate speech is there, but it's more hidden than it's ever been. And wow, it's the internet, where people can say anything they want. Where's the hitpiece on Berners-Lee? I didn't claim it was my Constitutional right to say what I want on reddit. I just find it abhorrent that free speech is being attacked on Wired, regardless of host. And there are plenty of places on the Internet - large, small - where there are very liberal speech policies. That they are making mountains of molehills on reddit is frustrating. "turns me off" is a negative emotion. Does the realization that we're not all financially equal feel worse than the fact he's donating $10m to this cause? Yep. I use Pandora, because it's good at doing a "mood" for different kinds of gatherings. But the stations gather dust over time without modification. Everyone saying "If you don't know what Slack is, they're not your target market". Wrong. Slack has a target market. Mattermost should specify that market, along with its desire to be an open source Slack. That's how you get bloated budgets. Why spend thousands of dollars per year on a communications platform if you don't need to spend it? IRC, mattermost, email, Gitlab, Wekan, Skype/Google Hangouts/BigBlueButton.... there are plenty of tools to communicate without spending loads of cash. Of course, it is always a matter of perceived utility. I buy really nice food sometimes, because my happiness gained from the delicious steak is worth it. I might hypothetically use an open source tool instead of Slack because it's not worth $2000 of productivity for 15 people per year. This analysis would be perceived by hyper-sensitive Liberals as racist, even if it had validity to its claim. And in the next breath they would lament the lack of "real conversations" we're having in the country. Absolutely not. Things that one may argue should be public: Financial backing of legislators, minutes of official meetings and hearings, votes, legal arguments for spying, and so on. But the conversations occurring behind the scenes which ALWAYS facilitate dealmaking will never be public. It wil happen in backrooms of pubs if you insist they communicate via telnet. Containers are useful as an alternative to full VMs. I use LXC on Ubuntu, and I edit software and packages on my containers as I would a normal VM. Maybe that's not standard with Docker specifically. Let's say you had my DNA sample in your possession right now. You'd still have no idea who I am. It enrages me that you got downvoted, because I've thought this for almost as long as I've had political thought. Corporations and lobbyists would stop buying politicians if the scope of power were limited. If I can get a nuanced presentation out of a slide deck with no audio, you've built your slide deck incorrectly. If I can't get a nuanced presentation out of a slide deck, then maybe an article or corresponding speech is required! Does this kind of behavior indicate we should stop using Amazon? Despite loving my Kindle, is it time to boycott a company that behaves this way? Excellent feedback. Wrong. On Roku, at least, if you want to watch Plex you MUST have an online account now. And, you're not able to manually add your server if the Roku client can't auto-discover it. For some reason I have to do that, but they took that option away. They've "streamlined" it to the point of unusability. "for nothing" At huge cost to the economy and freedom from government regulations and bureaucracy. Plus, a lot of "green" solutions aren't utopic or practical. It's not all or nothing, and I support being ecologically conscious. But I don't think it's wise to dismiss all criticism of the climate change cult. The attack on ADA is enough to make me wary: Didn't we already determine this fear of chemicals is overstated? Well, CAFE standards are a twisted joke, and we're still promoting wind and solar above nuclear. Existing federal regulations for inspection of safety and environmental conditions at oil wells is nonexistent. The DoE can't get their crap together regarding the care of superfund sites. So color me jaded about Dems shouting about tax credits for GM Volts or implementing cap and trade. Thanks for that. I'll take a look. It's just such a shame they're alienating LAN users and pushing their Plex Pass bloatware. It's frustrating how much Congress has ceded to these agencies. it's a loophole in democracy. HN: Has anyone here worked significantly with SmartOS and its associated tools? I love the idea of a Zones/ZFS-backed container OS, but their documentation looks very sloppy. Does anyone here have extensive experience with it (who's not Bryan Cantrill - your BSDNow podcast interview is what got me looking) What are you arguing for? That there should be no punishment for traffic violations? The biggest issue here is the financial incentive of the private parties involved in collections. Mailing lists and phone calls are a big part of it. I absolutely think you're being harsh. I am not saying you're wrong, but it seems judgmental to deny bootcampers the opportunity to prove themselves. >Would it be different if it were a physical illness? That man is homeless because he chose to be due to having a broken leg. His leg doesn't make decisions. His mind does. So if a mental illness shapes a person's thoughts for him to "decide" something, then it is choice, albeit manipulated by sickness. I don't care that you got scammed by Uni. One of the best software engineers I know dropped out after 2 years because he couldn't afford to sink himself in debt. He now does some pretty impressive work. There are MIS guys (IT degree pretending to be CS-lite) that put out great programmers, too. And of course, there are those that are self-taught or only need a best practices guide (bootcamps) to get them engaged. I, on the other hand, wish I had done full CS because I'm interested in systems programming, which does require some groking of the OS and memory management. But webdev and front-end work doesn't. Your last sentence truly unwinds your argument. If half the programmers out there are different than your premise, it's not an exception. It's part of the rule. I noticed that no comment from him was in the article. I guess he may be averse to media contact. >Same way that putting a thin phone in your back pocket, SITTING on it and then complaining it bent set off a huge issue and tons of news coverage. To be fair, earlier phones didn't have the problem. My Motos and iPhone 5s took back pocket tension like a champ. iPhone 6 had to be replaced within 10 days. Set guaranteed minimums for all users and only allow bursting for power users when there is spare traffic. I'd rather have a mediocre d/l speed on a private connection than have my neighbors asking what I'm torrenting. I didn't read anything else you posted after the first sentence. While I have a similar sentiment regarding the fact that employers should get out of the business of retirement, life insurance, medical, etc., that's the way it's been for the older generation. Phase it out, don't just cut everyone over and cut benefits in one moment. Same with Social security, for that matter. He's in the one that uses proper grammar and usage on respected forums. If all the browsers supported a real programming language in their runtime, JS would die like Flash is doing. Banks are tripping over themselves to get out of the datacenter business and put all their files on Azure/Rackspace/AWS/what have you. It's embarrassing. I'd short it technically because Confluence is Satan's wiki, but corps eat it up because WYSIWYG and because it costs money. (FOSS is bad, doncha know). Well, the wiki my team needs is one that is used by tech-people only. IT security team. We had Dokuwiki, which worked alright (except inline images were a bit tedious). Confluence is just tacky, too much whitespace, whizzywig editor is slow and buggy (less so than 2yr ago). And the old fogeys on the team that hate documentation still write their notes in a notes.txt file on our team share. Having a "beginner friendly" wiki didn't help anything. Oh, and our dokuwiki was HA on day one, with backup scripts zipping and SCPing a backup to an offsite server. Confluence took MONTHS to get HA as an enterprise solution. 1) Something isn't a wiki because it's called such. Sharepoint is not a Wiki. It's a server of some kind that can sometimes hold data that users put on it. I didn't even classify it as a wiki in my "what's crappy" list. 2) Agreed on the maintenance part. There needs to be a yearly audit/testing of procedures to make sure the docs hold up to new versions of software, new releases, etc. Maybe too much whitespace isn't right; it's too much clutter. I don't know how to describe it; I'll attribute my indecision on being under the weather. Let's stick with "clean": I like Dokuwiki's layout, categorical hierarchy and linking system better than Confluence. I agree that team members not adhering to doc standards is a human problem. Many firewalls filter out non-TCP/non-UDP traffic as a matter of policy. Heck, network professionals are having to be reminded NOT to block all ICMPv6 on their border (like they do for v4). I don't think that bitcoin deanonymization research is a bad thing. Perhaps it should be done in a way that tests the anonymity of transactions and accounts created for the purpose of the research , but to research the topic itself is easily classified as legitimate security research. The issue starts when you publicly "out" organizations or people in your research findings, or take money from authorities with the understanding that you'll report back data on people and organizations. It's stunning that you may have read this conversation and still think people have an issue with security research on Tor in general. The testing, and perhaps even the specific methods of the this test, are not the question. The question is the morality of CMU being paid by authorities to uncover PII about hidden services and report back to them. Test the system (potentially with your own uni's red/blue teams instead of on other 'public' hidden services) and report back anonymized reports of the data. One can say "Doing X, I got result Y" without giving out the personal details of results, much less to the FBI. I believe I have read stories of people in Tennessee on known drug routes, and a member of the Libertarian party at an airport, being detained for hours being questioned about their possession of large amounts of cash. The man in TN didn't get it back. The man from the LP did, eventually. I simply don't believe, based on what I've read in the past, that the presence of drugs is a prerequisite for peoples' money to be stolen by police. The problem with sandstorm is the dependence on third-party auth. Until sandstorm has internal user stores, it's not a viable self-hosting solution. It's not a bad option, and you make a decent case for that. However, the entire point of self-hosting for me is to be entirely self-reliant. Why would I use a github account to login to a Sandstorm Gitlab instance? Jim Bamford of Foreign Policy said encryption was part of the way this was done. On the Diane Rehm Show, when asked what we know, he said "not much, but that encryption or anonymizers, like Tor, might have been used to hide their communications". So they're already working to plant that narrative in listeners' heads. Netflix uses FreeBSD as a major component of its CDN (IIRC, it's the OS on all their CDN nodes). There are multiple comments in this thread that describe it. * He didn't really make a clock * His dad is an Islamic activist likely staging this whole thing for money and attention * His family intends to move to Qatar in order to be in a "more accepting" place * The kid was interviewed saying something about "soldering CPUs" or some crap. This isn't a 5 year old. He has no idea what he's talking about. TL;DR he's kind of a little shit, and his dad is using him for money and politics. Handcuffs might have been much, but the kid was instigating and did not deserve the praise and awards he got afterwards. Perhaps, as one of the parent comments said, the situation turned out not to be clear cut. Atom and VSCode both perfom poorly, and look like garbage on Linux. Whoa! They have syntax highlighting! And intellisense! And a package manager! Kind of like Notepad++ or half a dozen other editors? I'm not saying "we should NEVER use HTML for native dev", but it's not there yet, and I don't understand the hype around these two tools. American society as I've grown up to appreciate it is built on free speech and the free exchange of ideas; the concept that people should be challenged in their views, and be able to think critically to analyze what they hear. If a group wants to acquire private property and start a club or meeting where they gather to share like-minded ideas and be away from dissent, that is acceptable. The place for "safe spaces" away from intellectual challenge is NOT the square of a university campus. I guarantee you most Firefox users either use Pocket, or don't care that it's a default feature in the product now. I am in the boat that wishes it was removable, perhaps as some kind of "default add-on", but it's not. I'm not removing FF because of it. And as for ads: Were they tracking people with them? Were they sending back GUIDs of my browser every time I loaded a new tab? This is a legit question that would affect my opinion on the matter. The ads I see are brief, and cannot take more than a miniscule amount of data to serve. By those metrics, I have no problem with them. I suppose some think there is an opportunity for disingenuous posting if there is monetary gain to be had. That said, I agree with you, and knowing I have posted affiliate links without trying, I think any malice attributed to it is misplaced. Private nuclear power plants are heavily regulated. At the moment, a nuclear ship would only be in the hands of the largest shippers in the world, so I can't see why an international agreement couldn't be reached to monitor and allow docking between several seaports. Have armed escorts on/around the ship. I didn't say it would be a simple thing. I use it to play songs I already know and like. Its radio service is worse than Pandora, and I don't care to socialize music via the app - my friends and I use our voices. I /do/, however, have a large music library for which a web player/library would be awesome. Really. 1) A plumber in Texas wishes to publicly support ISIS with materiel and advertise NASCAR style, or 2) A plumber in Texas sold his truck to someone, and through a chain of sales, that truck ended up in Syria. I really despise the population sometimes. So an open source product with active and transparent security patching with a bug bounty isn't good enough? Yet you want to offer two closed-source alternatives. I am not defending Owncloud's record, I'm attacking your logic. A low-effort all-in-one groupware and private doc cloud (Google Apps replacement) is an awesome thing - if Owncloud could make deploying an email server as simple as the rest of its toolset, they will have hit the home run. And sandstorm.io - still waiting on internal user stores. The entire premise of self-hosting is SELF hosting. Internal network, no operational, day-to-day necessity for Internet connectivity post-install. If I install such a product, it's because I want total control over my data and the terms by which I access it. Being forced to use Google/Github/email as auth goes against that. 4xx errors are supposed to be client-side errors. 5xx is server-side. The purpose of the code doesn't match the spec. It was one of the main reasons I liked it. It was just really well laid out, and could do ID3 tag updates before it was a common feature. So what if it's defensive? Perhaps it's reasonable to defend that your OS is one of the most used in the world, when it's not perceived as such? This doesn't affect interception. It affects one end of the two-party comms saying, "Hm, there is suspicious traffic on my network. Let me report that". Think about if you had a business whose network was constantly attacked by an adversary, doing harm to your business. Under this law, you can share that data (in anonymized format) with the govt and with industry partners. Whether that's good or bad can be debated, but we're talking about endpoints giving up data, not necessarily ISPs snooping and reporting badness. http://sitereview.bluecoat.com/sitereview.jsp#/?search=http%... The page you want reviewed is http://linuxfonts.narod.ru/ This page is currently categorized as Suspicious Last Time Rated/Reviewed: > 7 days This page has a risk level of High He used an example. He didn't call every left-wing party literally Communist. Classic HN pedantry. For you. I thought google committed code to prod thousands of times a day! Why do they even have a holiday freeze if it's so automated to push to prod? My parents let me play in the cul-de-sac all the time. It's why we moved to one! One time as an adult, I got a cop called because my music was too loud. The next day, I went to all my adjacent neighbors and said, without malice, "If there are any issues, I'm receptive to being a good neighbor, let me know if I can help". I would have done the same thing in the instance of CPS called on my kids. "Hello, I watch my children and they know how to handle themselves on our home street. If you see a dangerous situation, let me know immediately and we'll work to fix it." Then, if they have any issue with that, we can have it out. Colo your hardware, run open source software, and don't tie in to external services. Most mobile apps can be mobile-web optimized, as a fallback if App stores shut you out. I like native apps mostly for their speed, but unless you're doing something requiring a sensor on the phone, mobile web can do it all. I guess I'm in the minority, but I don't trust jack from the Android store unless I already know the vendor. HN's famous pedantry shines again. The use of the term in this context is calling out the specific vulnerability of using the walled gardens of Facebook/Google/Apple and the other behemoths. By your literal correctness of the term, there is no possible way to operate on the internet, since you don't own the land and the network cables from your servers to the clients. Pulling one's head away from their rear end provides the vision that relying on specific vendor platforms, with their own goals and interests sometimes counter to yours, is different from using a colocation for servers. Every company with a competent information security department. Protip: Never, ever, use company resources (laptops and workstations, potentially even cell phones) for your personal communications. They likely are MITM with their own root CA and can see what you're doing. Reason: It's their device on their network, and it has access to company data. Get a cell phone with a good data plan. Depends on the industry. If a bank doesn't do this, then it's much easier for an employee to send out PII dumps. If your "Github for farmers" startup isn't worried about code commits to the cloud, then no biggie. It's not about avoiding bugs or vendor vulns when you talk about HA in a network config. It's about hardware failures or individual crashes. What's the problem? The OP bought 6x6TB drives. I truly hope that they didn't configure it to be a 36TB zpool. That should be RAIDZ2 at the very least. Heck, I have 4x2TB drives and I am running RAIDZ2. a 2TB drive took 24 hours to rebuild the data on the replacement disk. I would probably be linear, so 72 hours to rebuild a 6TB drive, during which time the other drives are doing tons of reads. I stand corrected; I see that now. The HN submission is in error, then. FWIW, at my office for the small projects we have tracked, we use a similar method. type-label Types: b - bug f - feature p - priority t - team So we might have issues tagged "p-med b-confirmed t-group1" Once there is a method to the madness, it's not bad, and it's more flexible on Gitlab's part I'm sure, to have people tag instead of supporting custom drop-down attributes. Eh. I suppose. When any of my friends discuss NAS size, we quote it in "usable space". So you have a 40TB usable NAS. I have a 4TB usable NAS with 4x2TB in RAIDZ2. No, you are incorrect. At the moment, their certs are cross-signed, and I have tested my site with multiple browsers. It works. What's wrong with using whatever words you want on your personal site to describe yourself and the work you do? Who cares that some ignoramus directs her anger at him? Do you also think "hackers" or software devs shouldn't have long hair or listen to rock music? The parent is blaming the victim. Buying used is not special, and they clearly have mechanisms in place. No one at Tesla took responsibility (or felt empowered to) for the error and raise it to higher levels of management. Someone should have immediately said "Crap, a customer's car just got requisitioned. Let's take this up to the top so they can work on it." You're not giving enough credit (or responsibility) to readers to say "Hm, I should consider the risks and other considerations before implementing this myself". A partial list of offenses: * Incomplete sentences * Patronizing tone and sarcasm * Gratuitous language * Hyperbole This isn't reddit. This is Hacker News. We have standards. It belongs in a museum! When I hear "You may recall...", I don't think of it as asking for permission. I think of it as saying "You might be able to, or maybe not". Just saying to recall the previous conversation is an indicator that previous context is required. The idea is interesting, but to call 2m x 1m x 1m anything but a coffin or a bed-in-a-box or a closet would be disingenuous. It's certainly not a "room". Another point: Is anything actually stopping this? If a municipal government wanted to provide all of this to its residents, or even a magnate, I don't think anything stops it. Honest question: Is this nationwide? Or is this regional? Not stated in the second sentence is the statement of data supporting the observation, or the fact that pelicans are affected by oil. It's easy to trim sentences when you take away data. In principle, I think Binge On is an example of poor net neutrality. It's a service provider engaging in a conflict of interest with content creators. I think those two roles should always be separate. Similar to Comcast owning NBC and degrading performance of other streaming services: It's immoral. What T-Mo is doing is the same: They are charging you more to access your local music server, or your friend's startup, than they are for the 'big players' in the market. It's harmful in the long term. Disclaimer: T-Mobile customer, current EFF contributor So if T-Mobile had an open, technically feasible process by which any service could participate in the program given technical criteria, it would be a step in the right direction. example: If product X can provide this many CDN nodes and this much peering directly to T-Mo, then they are allowed to participate in Binge-On. Regulation isn't always a good social model. Rulebreakers get things changed. Sometimes that coincides with a great business opportunity, and sometimes it doesn't. I believe that broad games support and GPU driver support in the past two years has made Linux more viable for a lot of the kind of people who might not install it. I have been running a linux-only household for a year now. Offices most certainly could run linux only if they weren't chickenshit (I mostly kid, but after seeing how broken the desktop management model is now anyway, I don't see why Linux can't be used more in Corporate.) It's much deeper than that. I think he also made a subtle joke at how even if you think you know what's on your network, they know the entire technology stack running it. It also had a lot of common best practices like asset management, strong network segmentation and inspection, anomaly detection, and application whitelisting. The sort of stuff you hear about on the Critical Security Controls Top 20. https://www.sans.org/critical-security-controls/ Pretty slick for a beta. At the risk of sounding lazy, will any demo videos be put up for setup and deployment? I see the docs are pretty sharp, too, good job. For SHTF or remote rural use, I would use the FRS frequencies. No license required, but the Baofengs do transmit above the .25W power max. Oh well. Why would you need anonymity when accessing your bank account? Github -> Gitlab, Slack -> Mattermost, and a thousands other open source projects. I'm 27 and just want my rig to work. That's why I build my own PC, demand mobile phones with replaceable batteries, and have a great 6 year old Lenovo laptop that, besides a slow-ish CPU, is spec'ed pretty well for 2016. If, after 8 years of med school, your surgeon had to sit through a 2 hour video made 15 years ago about "The importance of surgery" and "where to keep the scalpels", he's probably be a bit frustrated. Many organizations use RHEL, and individual workers cannot just spin up Ubuntu for their bank database servers. Your sarcasm is missing the point. Not to mention he's a troll. But the whole point of amateur radio historically has been making contact with strangers and/or being welcoming to new people to the hobby. I'm a privacy zealot, but the spirit and discoverability of amateur radio would be diminished if all the traffic was just static. PERHAPS a small band could be allocated for secure comms experiments... but I don't know. Besides, wouldn't encrypted noise over the air be confusing to others? Wouldn't people just broadcast over each other? Decentralized transmission with no easy attribution on a limited resource is different than posting to a central server via a virtually unlimited resource (the Internet). Or buy another laptop. Could have been a hardware issue. Or install another distro. I know zealots are necessary to keep a balance. I've typically appreciated the utility of people like RMS to the free software movement. That said, Matt Garret's Captain Ahab-like zeal of keeping one of the most useful pieces of open-source code away from Linux, while taking potshots at Ubuntu, is really off-putting. I guess I'm not so pure. Which is why I run my file server with BSD. I'm really excited to see ZFS functional in 16.04, and in fact, that got me to install the pre-beta just to mess with it. Yes, it is. Apple's fight with the US is based on the fact they facilitate the encryption of user data so that even Apple doesn't see content. When the other titans don't have that feature, they have less of a stake in the argument at hand. In my heart, I know. As a user, it's just frustrating to see so much awesome technology artificially limited by silly licenses on both sides of this debate. Gmail skims the contents of emails and uses them for targeted advertising. Same with searches of all kinds, and any other data they get from you. Google's targeting would be less effective if they gave everyone PGP keys and locked themselves out of the conversations they host. $5 trillion a year in cargo passes through. So while I appreciate some peoples' notions of "living Constitution", this is why I tend toward "originalist" readings of the document. Also, read up on the Katz test for questions on the 4th amendment. tl;dr it's important that society as a whole places high value on privacy, or else the SCOTUS might not protect it so much. I'll read the rest, but I see you suggest civil asset forfeiture is Constitutional. What your quote seems to describe is not the modern asset forfeiture, where cash and goods are seized without the person being charged with a crime. And I doubt Madison had "United States v. $25,000" in mind when considering the permissions of the federal government to take property. It seems very straightforward to draw a right to be secure in one's papers and property from general warrants, and pretty easily extend that to data on one's phone or computer for the same kind of data. The 4th wasn't written to protect your sheets of paper. It was written to protect your data and your private matters from authorities on a witch hunt. They see it as firearms, as I understand it. I'm not a studied originalist, though. A law governing PCs in the 1980s doesn't expire because today's smartwatches are more powerful than supercomputers of the past. A law governing "arms" is not going to be null because the arms of today have a higher firing rate. I am anti-empire, and anti-security theater as they come. But to say that all borders should be open, with absolutely no intelligence gathering and no consideration of massive migrant flows... this is one of the most blatantly child-like thoughts I've seen expressed here. There is a big gap between "Stop taking off shoes at the airport; stop launching drone strikes on weddings" and "No problems would arise from completely free movement between the vastly different cultures of east and west". I don't see the source code, and it doesn't look like it supports extensions. Note this ban does not apply on any private think tank, billionaire, university, or public institutions other than the CDC. Whatever. Company hackathons are bullshit, but if people do it for fun, who cares if it's unhealthy and unsanitary? (supposedly). It's like LAN parties, but programming instead of gaming. I do like the FU Weekend idea, though. Create an AI to operate cranes in all kinds of climates, geography and weather conditions, operating near city centers. I'll have it by Friday. Why isn't the API doc at api.tesla.com? Can you link to the official source from Tesla that welcomes modders? Hug of Death on the site as of 1250 CST Really impressive site, FWIW. Great presentation for a startup FOSS tool. The user guide is great; do you expect any kind of video demos available? The WWW is currently a bunch of apps. Mediawiki, Wordpress, Node, Django, and thousands of others. What is the difference between serving HTML/CSS/JS to the browser, and some other stack of UI and algorithms? >So is the thinking that people in the military would disobey commands and join the uprising? Yes. tl;have work to do: The knowledge of the potential for large portions of the population to resist oppression by use of small arms is sufficient to deter governments from radical, direct assaults on human rights. I think people have responded honestly that your line of reasoning is not consistent. You go on a tear about Rosa Parks, then argue it's not about Rosa. It's like your arguing that no one on HN should encourage people to take part in civil disobedience, if someone is in the position to do so. I strongly disagree with that, as well. 5 vs almost 30 characters. Known by those who talk federal politics. It is that hard to type out repeatedly. That's what gTLDs should do going forward, even if it will be hard to change the mindset of people. Because those non-US residents who are abnormally uptight would remind the thread that there are multiple presidents, and that as a world-wide board we should make sure to be specific. Or, once again, it's just the vernacular for journalists covering world politics. $5 plan on DO for Minecraft? That Cuberite software better be awesome, because I ended up buying an 8 core 16GB RAM HP rack server just to run a heavy-modded Forge server. Guess he should solder his own mobo, and pull himself off the ground from his bootstraps, like real startups do. Or, like most businesses, contract out specialty work and put pieces together into something new. There's the current one, but the girl who briefly took over for the longtime male announcer was very dull indeed. Look at the man's profile. He has quite a bit of money, I speculate. They added a concerned face on the end, which implies there is something about which to be concerned. Objectively, that is an opinion, not just an observation. Subjectively, I believe it's nothing to be concerned about at all, considering the circumstances of the creation of the sheet and where it's been posted. I haven't downvoted you, but there's always someone bitching about long-form journalism. It's a non-fiction STORY. Stories aren't technical documents or status reports - they set up atmosphere, build a character, and engage the reader. Notice also that the title of the linked article is not "Paul LeRoux made Truecrypt" - it's not centered around that. It simply has that info in it, and as such is an interest to HN. Off-topic: The title and several post refer to BMW as a plural: "BMW are complying" and "Do BMW have any obligation...?" I know BMW stands for Bavarian Motorworks, a plural, but so does the US, and it is a singular entity today. Are the people using BMW plural non-American? I've never heard that here in Texas. I just found out the other day that if you use any "Accessibility features" on an android phone, your device's encryption password changes to a default, effectively disabling encryption until you turn those features off again. Furthermore, it's not immediately clear that you're disabling encryption when you do that. So all in all, and for other reasons listed, I believe iPhone is probably the better bet at the moment for secure hardware. My local station goes on during the pledge drives about how NPR brings an unbiased, facts-based view of the world. the station definitely promotes it, and I believe the org thinks it, too. Certain programs are expected to have less bias than others, IMO. Panel shows like Diane Rehm, On Point and Fresh Air aren't necessarily meant to be completely unopinionated, while things like All Things Considered and Morning Edition (and perhaps Here and Now) are expected to bring a balanced perspective. They don't always succeed. I'll echo everything else: far too much money. I felt like a chump for buying the Voyage weeks before the new Paperwhite came out with the same screen. The voyage is nice, but I would have gladly saved money with the PW3. And that's at $200! The Oasis is definitely a tool for the really hardcore reader, or otherwise for the wealthy. And frankly, I really like the Voyage case for setting it on tables or laying in bed. >Fortunately, as time goes on, fewer and fewer people need to run these services at all. I'm not sure what you mean here. Are you suggesting it's a positive that the Internet is becoming centralized? Why is it "good" or "bad" that lots of people run SSH, their own email, or their own phone server? Obviously one part is that it's hard to run them correctly, but I would argue the internet may be a better, more authority-resistant mechanism if some of these services were run from each person's home or VM rather than on Google's platform. You're getting free CI runners where you had none. Is that not enough benefit? It's not as if there is a scale where newbies get EVERYTHING and vets of 10+ years get nothing. New? Here is a small incentive. Not new? Thanks for using the product, check out these fresh features! Some are GCFI which can detect abnormal current. And when the power goes out for a few days, and Grandma needs to walk her dog from 60 floors up? All lives are important, but my neighbors and family are more important than strangers. There should be no such thing as a default sub for new accounts. Users should pick what they want when they sign up. I think defaults are necessary when someone is not logged in. When an account is created, suggestions are given based on interest, such as it is with meetup.com - News, politics, sports, local, tech, animals, humor, etc. are recommended in their own categories, and people sub as desired. That's a very insightful thought. I do find it interesting how people are coming to the idea that local governments are where new ideas are formed, but degrade the concepts of States' rights or smaller federal intervention as racism whenever it doesn't suit a liberal agenda. You think there is no confusion possible? It's a very obvious knockoff of Microsoft's product. And unlike office, which is kind of generic, the use of 365 for a productivity suite is certainly specific to Microsoft. The designation of a sub as a default on reddit dooms it to be trashy and political, and reddit admins would never come out and say "avoid these awful communities, go find your local reddits!". So it goes. IIRC, there was less genocide, yes. I had to check that it wasn't the same user. I know groupthink is a thing, but the cynic in me wondered if this comment wasn't an upvote grab. To your question: A lot. How easy is it to install a chrome plugin vs. install a packaged, auto-updating Greasemonkey script? What is the real difference in performance? Let me direct you to the next sentence: "When you open a link that would normally be to desktop Twitter, this extension redirects you to the mobile web version and makes it wider." That's not a distinction the parent commenter made. The only two questions I see in your post are in the P.S. What am I missing? I believe it is the fault of bureaucrats over-zoning. I would love to have a pub and a market next to every neighborhood. I love the idea of the Post Office providing basic financial services such as checking and money transfers. Let's make it as easy as possible to have peaceful neighborhoods AND retail/business in the same area. Dangerous or loud industrial businesses still need away from residence, but other than that... loosen up! You should have the skills to operate the machine that makes 5,000 pairs a day. Why can't mass manufacturing in America be a thing? Our electoral system makes it exceptionally difficult to break out of the two main parties. And, if you're paying attention to the details of the primaries: at a national level, it is very tough to get a true outsider into a campaign. Sanders got shoved out by the Democrat machine. Trump got in because, whether you like it or not, the Republican primaries are MORE open and democratic! I also think Trump is talking out of his butt a lot, manipulating the voter bases he needs to succeed. I highly doubt he'll have his supposed way on what you perceive to be war crimes - in fact, many republicans are voting for him on the idea that we shouldn't be in the middle east, and that we should be "making deals". The American voting public is a lot more complex than armchair foreigners give it credit for, and it's not as easy as saying "well, you can vote, and the elected are crap, therefore every voter has themselves to blame". Perhaps if we were a parliamentary system, or our legislature a proportional representative format, but it's not. What are you going on about? You're bringing in National Security Letters into a discussion about public vs. private repos on Github? Do you know what a threat model is? I wager they've kept people using public by default for several reasons, among them these: * It gives them something to upsell on. If you're not completely poor, giving $7/mo for a code repo is not unreasonable. Or, to price it in a more relatable manner, 1.5 mochas. * It encourages the "social coding" ecosystem. I believe the network effect of Github is the strongest thing keeping people using it instead of dispersing across Bitbucket/Gitlab/etc. a lot more. And as a simple point of disagreement, I think fewer people would pay for a Github client than a private Github repo. And why is charging for a client so much more ethical to you than charging for a service, with ongoing maintenance costs? Buyer beware. May of the things you mention are regulated or banned should be allowed, and let the buyers and businesses handle differences in court via contact law. Trade. Wikipedia probably has the answer but I believe it was just another set of high rise offices. I also disagree. I have a 5X and hotspot works perfectly. On my iPhone 6 for work, if I try to hotspot, in told to contact ATT. US. Consider the ways in which this comment could be interpreted in a way that doesn't insult women, which is how I assume you read it. There are ways. The Embarcadero, the Ferry Building, Sunset, SOMA and the hipster spots, Haight-Ashbury with the old Victorian houses, with the Redwoods nearby... SF is a great place, at least to visit, and while it has what you describe, it is not what you describe. Actually, one needs to kill oneself (not with fire). Living takes up carbon. Come on. Acting as if any "carbon positive" living is immoral, is insanity. What you described sounds like a modern dorm room or hostel, except without window requirements. 1) Not far from some dorms I've seen - but yes, most now have A/C, and all have a sink and a window. 2) Better than living under a bridge, no? Wait, the parent said Rainloop has PGP. That's why they brought it up. You may laugh. But in an enterprise, it is the CA's job internally to help manage and communicate expirations to users. If there are 10,000+ certs in an org, you want a tool to manage them. There are many people in this conversation describing then as the Savior of comments for commits, as it not using them is a disservice to the team. I'm not much of a coder myself, but the suffering opinions are interesting. >but if you are going to present a tutorial on anything that depends on external resources, Pause. Perhaps that's the solution: LFS should host internal copies of all the required source for a target version, so the instructions can always be the same. Provide references for who and where the upstream maintainer is, so the intrepid hacker can find it themselves. As someone else said, "responsive" sometimes means loading both versions of a site and being readable for both desktop and mobile. If Wiki Desktop has a lot of features or content that shouldn't get loaded on mobile, it's a bit trickier to do that. Although I agree, at least some kind of media detect/redirect may be in order. Move out of the most expensive real estate in the country. Remote work is a thing in many organizations. Workstation = desktop when comparing to server. What does that even mean? It's not possible to know without seeing the road. I have relatives that live several miles down a dirt road that gets corrugated as a way of grading the road, and to prevent runoff. It beats the hell out of the suspension. In fact, I should give my family a call to tell them to have their equipment checked. If a car is frequently driven in abnormally severe conditions, perhaps by a bad driver, for many more miles than a routine service check would warrant, it may be useful to point out the irregularity of the circumstance. So, a web of static files with hyperlinks? Why would you want that instead of AJAX-y functionality? Page reloads increases wait times, and depending on use case, drastically increases page size. You've poked and prodded the parent commenter, but he has provided more discussion than you have. What is your issue with his suggestion? What are your qualifications to have issue with his suggestion? I resent that IP block based filtering is done anymore. Legit people are using VPS to send email, and email is a fundamental decentralized protocol of the internet. It's really crappy that in this age of DKIM/SPF/DMARC, we can't do away with IP filtering. We tried that. Sanders, Rand Paul. We had potential leaders that didn't always resort to shouting, that wanted another way. Now we have Trump Clinton. This cycle is completely about the ruling elite wanting the same crooked game to keep playing, and the voting public saying "You know what? Fuck you". It's technically a non binding referendum, and the UK is not a direct democracy. And you can't have something other than FPTP for a two choice decision. Unless you raise the barrier for change. Perhaps one of the biggest geopolitical events of a decade shouldn't have been on HN. The irony of you talking about Londoners throwing out toys, then locking your account because one story got through that you think is incorrect... it's delicious. IaaS vendor says that companies don't want to host their own infrastructure, more at 11. I tried to get a neutral take on this, but it reads far too much like a sales pitch, even for vendor blog levels. Puppet is dead? A Fortune 500 company I'm familiar with adopted it a few months ago to start doing configuration management. I deployed it at home a few years ago - a hardware server on a mirrored switchport. Really easy to set up. And from what I hear, the multi-node setup with manager is easy, too. If you want IDS but don't have a high software budget for Cisco FirePOWER or Palo Alto or $VENDORIPS, this would be a good start. It will still take a lot of personnel time, though. Tuning alerts is critical. As recently as a few years ago I had a VI cheatsheet taped to my cubicle. For quick go-to commands when you're forgetful, things like this can be handy. The company I work for is scared to use open source often, much less let people release it. They care more about scoring patents on useless processes than on releasing useful code that could have been written by a competent intern at LITERALLY any company in the industry. Decisions made by lawyers and bureaucrats. (These opinions are mine and not necessarily those of my employer) If only they had a "share on Hacker News" button, it would have made someone's life easier. What's wrong with GPL2 for adoption? Use a web proxy to block ads and malware sites. It's ok to hand certs to Hitler. It's not OK to let Hitler be an intermediate CA. youdontknowtho is shadowbanned. Might have used the wrong term, but the above comment was dead earlier, and several of his other comments are dead despite not seeming to violate any rules. FreeBSD has the "pkg" system now, which has binary distribution with dependency management. Of all things, the lack of a distinction in Fedora/RHEL of "requires vs. recommends" is frustrating, coming from Ubuntu. Or the second amendment, which a growing number of Americans feel no needed for, unfortunately. As of disarming the populace works well long term for citizens. WARNING - Did not RTFA, but I think I get the gist. If they use an 8 bit counter, then the detection is basically the axle count % 256. Axle #256 crossing would reset the counter to zero, indicating a safe track, when if wasn't. Perhaps if they make up reasons why being over is healthy, then yes. I disagree with the parents assertions that PB is unhealthy, but also disagree that people can't be criticized for their weight, if they have control over it. Was it inconceivable for you, after reading the article, to understand what they meant? Is it so shocking a headline that multiple people have commented that "well REALLY it's just compiled code from Rust, not the runtime/source code/etc.". Which one of those possible interpretations makes the most sense? It's just shocking to me this type of meta-discussion about the phrasing of an announcement headline is the bulk of top comments. That's how we've always done it. * Brother of father is uncle. Son of uncle is cousin. Son of son of uncle is second cousin. * Brother of grandfather is great-uncle. Son of great-uncle is second cousin. A digital ocean VPS is $5 a month. Is village voice.com really that big a draw? Gary Johnson isn't as insane as the other two. >Shen, the prosecutor, said city officials received a complaint from someone who had rented one of Shatford’s properties. The woman was surprised to learn that she was renting a unit that was illegal and was uncomfortable with the situation, Shen said Seems pretty ratty to report on something so victimless, especially after participating. Because sometimes quality journalism is worth finding. If I say I read a lovely article in a magazine, are you going to fix at me for discussing something that cost money to access? I've pretty much decided I can't vote for either candidate, but I understand the spiteful vote. No one feels in control of the elite; their voice and vote don't matter. This might be their way to say "See what happens when you ignore us?" >I doubt that anyone in Congress would have the courage to do what Australia did. I doubt anyone in Congress has such disrespect for the values many Americans hold in regard to firearms, and the validity many Americans still find in the 2nd amendment. How? If I rent to polite, responsible people, what's the problem? If I don't, and raucus behavior ensues, then follow the procedures in place for reporting disruptive behavior. There was a constructive criticism which got deleted; assuming it was accurate, I thought it was respectful enough. The project itself is very interesting, and I wish I owned a backyard in which to set up a garden like this. No, the army gives allegiance to the Constitution. I hope they stand for that against any branch of government. The static site generation was actually really cool, but I get the direction they're going with being a wrapper around secure web services. Do you want the Americans to fight the terrorists in Syria, or no? War is not without collateral damage. Our country gets criticized for not doing enough when we try to stay out of it, or for "murder" when we take violent action and someone innocent gets hurt. Erdogan jails journalists who don't like him, and has committed a purge of police, judges and teachers who he disagrees with. If President Obama dissolved police departments, school districts and judgeships on a wide scale, there would be mass protests or a civil war. We expect freedom of speech and freedom of thought, unlike many in Turkey, it seems. edit: I'd like to leave this here to show what he has done since the "coup". https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/4tq4sd/all_turki... That is absurd. If Gitlab and Microsoft were equivalent, Windows 10 Home would be completely open-source under GPL. Advanced features like connecting to the domain, full disk encryption, and Hyper-V hosting would be "Enterprise". Conversely, for Gitlab to be as closed as Microsoft, their entire product would be closed, except for the source code they use to color labels in issues, or perhaps they'd hand out the spec to their flavor of Markdown. Not understanding why backtracking happened. Once it hit a non space, non end character, move on. Nothing before can match the regex. I guess I need to buff up on my automata, but I would have thought that for positional delimiters, there would be optimizations. If the pattern is \s+$, then I can look from the back of the line, see if there is a space, and if so, go backward until I find a non-space character. Do you support freedom of speech? Put that way, the statistical impact of someone tweaking their automobile improperly is lower than that of someone messing up their toaster. Zero percent chance of valid source is worse than some percent chance. And as usual, that doesn't make it right. - x is doing something bad - x is allowed to do that - that doesn't make it right The HN comment circle of life As a non-"OS geek", I only have a cursory understanding of the implications of the changelog. What impact will this have on OpenBSD users? If they wouldn't have gotten my money anyway, and I am copying the work, it is not theft. The purpose of the leak is to reveal information the public should see, which is useful in analysis of the org. Seeing xxx-xx-xxxx vs an innocent persons SSN doesn't change the leak. It's a hell of a nitpick to say this isn't web design. Layout is a vital part of design. Lenovo is a $56B company, and they are claiming it's infeasible to test a dozen phones against several versions of Android. Does anyone doubt it's a clearly political decision that is also technically worst-practice? Does anything think this is beneficial to society to remove the gun emoji? That it will prevent any violence? FTFY: This woman even admits the guy hurt people and disrespected boundaries. The breakdown by team vs. individual, and then unique individual athletes with medals would be interesting. Weight Phelps and a bronze Judo winner equally, in order to better capture the individual talent and reduce "talent stacking" of having a single athlete winning 10 variations on swimming. Downvoted and can't undo on mobile. I will say that I wish F5 were less of a substitute for reliable applications where I work. If we had gold, horizontally scalable apps we wouldn't need to Bork with routing so much. IPS and URL filtering have always been a subscription model though. Smallest VPS at DigitalOcean and Vultr is $5/mo. Their argument is bogus. It's either cost or a laziness in moderation. The ability to discuss specific articles and topics regarding specific source material is valuable. Having to search for the hashtag or article link on reddit or twitter to try to debate a topic is much, much less engaging, and is much more separated from the NPR writers and ombudsmen. I would disagree with their assessment of the mission statement, then. NPR talks constantly in their drives about their community service. Local stations have events calendars, and my local station is running a promo for a campaign called "I dare to listen" [1]. So to say it's not NPR's job to maintain a public square is lazy and lacks vision. [1] http://idaretolisten.org Holy Hell, you are right. I actually have the distinguished privilege of having one of my NYTimes comments be a "Times Pick", meaning the ed. board actually read it and recommended it for insight, I suppose. My comment was mostly meta, calling out people for missing the point of an op-ed. The op-ed was from a privacy/civil liberties person about why a "no buy" list for guns would be a bad idea. He wasn't arguing on the merits for or against gun ownership, just that these secret lists on which LEO acts are dangerous. Every comment was something along the lines of "What about my right not to be shot in the streets?!" - I tried to point this myopic view out, and every reply to my comment was "What about my right not to be shot in the streets?!". As a smallish-government liberal (Public services are well and good but government should be kept in check by a powerful and vigilant population) I get torn up whenever I defend gun rights or spending reductions on that website. The visualization and instant-modification of kanban boards is really appealing from a task/issue management perspective. It shouldn't replace issue tracking, it can serve as a frontend to portions of it. It's a spectrum. Business would be a lot easier for DBAs if there were no firewalls between PCI (credit card) data and their applications, but we do it because it mitigates risk. Along with the other remarks, I believe it would be fair to say "all things being equal". That is, a given person would benefit from a CS degree in the following ways. some CS degrees. From what I've observed, some CS programs are teaching "software engineering" at the senior/masters levels in order to focus on development and design over theory and math. Because the public doesn't know to make that distinction. I'd rather a site be served plain than retired HTTPS. Look at the way things could be, and ask "Why not?" I'm not going to reject the ideal of college as a place to expand intellect because one common use is as a trade school. Vultr seems to take longer than digital ocean to get to a prompt from creation. But if you're not rapidly spinning up dozens a day it may not matter. I also feel like they don't communicate maintenance windows or outages as well as they should. But I still use them because they have a Dallas location and DO doesn't. Search for " we are all intelligence officers now" transcript by Dan Geer, CISO of the company, who refuses to get a clearance. Fascinating insights. Not when mobile. Thanks for the backup. I've seen several opinions here. Antibacterial soap is unhealthy and should be banned for health reasons. Antibacterial soap is largely ineffective, so should be banned for false advertising reasons. Antibacterial soap should not be banned. Which one is right? Is there any science or ethical political philosophy to justify this executive action? Then let developers buy plots of land and develop it as such. It's easy! Just rip out all existing buildings and redesign the roads and walkways! Cell phone database is questionable, and cars are for those on the road. And I'm not liking the idea that in the near future, plate scanners will know where I'm going all the time. I should be able to move without the government knowing. You can't silently mitm SSL unless you are trusted by the client. The submitter seems to be a spammer for submitting stories to HN that don't generate much utility. I should clarify that I'm not insulting the linked projects; I'm pointing out the limited discussion and large number of submissions the submitter gives. So to the average non-developer computer-neanderthal who checks weather, movie times and news, you think it's more important to have dev tools in the standard build than bookmarks? I find this "Give me only what I want" attitude quite frustrating. Perhaps you could argue for a more modular system that disables any given feature, but I would challenge you 8 days a week that bookmarks are a useful tool for most. And really, bookmarks? How is that a performance hit? Maybe one would say that the "awesome bar" takes cycles to auto-search bookmarks when typing a URL, but you can disable that already. I guess the author should have called it out more explicitly for some, but I think that's the point. I've seen the testimony dozens of times on HN, and I've heard it from a friend who manages Hadoop at a bank, and I've seen it with people building scaled ELK stacks for log analysis: People are too eager to scale out when things can be done locally, given moderate datasets. >Keep the BSofA for the people who want that sort of thing Things like >Selecting a campsite, leaving no trace when you leave, water purification and management, building and containing campfires, land navigation with a map and compass, how to safely use a rifle, knife use and maintenance, first aid... I learned all of these as a kid. I suppose. Hashing definitely is a coarse filter - and it is still useful, because there is still a lot of low-effort garbage that can harm your org. But about IPv6, the smallest subnet is a /64. So if you're getting hit by an IPv6 malicious host, block the /64. Depending on the provider and known allocation, it could be a safe bet to block as far up as /60 or /56, even. That, along with the fact that only a tiny fraction of IPv6 is allocated at all yet, and it's not /as much/ a problem as one would think, given the "more addresses than atoms" line people hear. I'll hop on the bandwagon attacking you, at least a bit. Food, water, and shelter are plenty for car camping in most places. Car camping in Death Valley in August? Or in the Colorado mountains in January? Of course not. Know the environment, have some lighting, and go on. You're not wrong, but you're overselling the danger. Common sense and a general awareness of the climate will be enough to make a judgement on safety. Why would high performance networking be dropped from the default? I learned of its existence a few weeks ago and was wondering when it would make it in. I grew up around JSC in the 90s and 2000s and driving by the Saturn was routine. It wasn't til 2 years ago that I actually bought a ticket, went in, and browsed the site with the Mercury, Gemini and Apollo rockets. (I know a tad bit about the space program, which is mountains more than most of the tourists there). Well, he wasn't there for Caesar, so perhaps. re-edit: I did originally call it a throwaway comment, which while I still kind of feel to be the case, recanted when I saw he put effort lower in the thread. Hi Steve, I've been working on learning Rust from a beginner perspective (know some Python, never written a program with more than 500 loc). However, I do know what pointers are, and get the concept of stack and heap. My comment is this: It is not immediately apparent that when using &var syntax, Rust is "auto-dereferencing" the variable to get the value. It took a moment to wrap my head around why println!("{}", &x); //this can show "5". Rust's ownership/borrowing mechanism, where variables basically "die" if you don't pass by reference, is confusing until I read the FAQ and those three chapters in the Book a few times. What I think the Book, or some other reference, needs is a "best practices for newbies" guide. Kind of like how we learn the atom is the smallest possible object in high school, I think it would be ok for a doc like this to tell newbies "You almost never want to pass a variable by value". It would help keep people from fighting the borrow checker. Let me know if I'm crazy. To be honest, humor really doesn't have a place at HN when not accompanied by an attempt at a real contribution to the discussion. But... the routers and IoT are the ones often compromised. The ISP needs to enforce it. Also, anyone who understands networking (everyone on HN, for this purpose) should have a default-deny firewall for at least their IoT devices, if not every device on their network.