http://qz.com/367310/how-to-kill-a-doctor/ You really think being a doctor is easy? I do both. My last time leaving a job I told external recruiters both what I was making and I would not field interviews for less than X+$21,500. Between all of the recruiters I worked with, I had 10 phone interviews with companies and a job offer within 2 weeks. I declined 5 or 6 in person interviews. My answer to that question would be, when I am at work I give 120% of my effort to my job. I build skills and I do research the latest trends in the industry. However I believe a good work life balance is important. When I leave work, I spend quality time with my family and at the gym. When I was looking for a job eight months ago. I had interviews with 10 different companies in the course of three weeks. I was not offered one job probably because of the attitude I expressed above. I accepted a job where the manager emphasized his belief in a work life balance. It's a buyers market for qualified experienced software developers. I won't jumped through unnecessary hoops to get a job. "and if you don't impress the hackers, your days are numbered" http://m.slashdot.org/story/21026 "no wireless, less space than a Nomad. Lame" Well yes he does make most of his current income from ads - mostly from his podcast. But he made most of his wealth from his equity in Tumblr as the first developer. He also sold Instsgram to another company and makes money from the OverCast app. I don't think it's a disdain for .Net. It's more of a disdain for ASP.Net Webforms. I'm definitely not a youngster (I'm 41). But he's been doing Asp.Net Webforms for 12 years. He hasn't shown a "knack for constant improvement". He hasn't been keeping up with the frameworks and technologies that MS has been pushing - Asp.Net MVC, WebApi, Entity Framework, etc. If he has been doing WebForms instead of MVC, he's probably not up on all of the basic table stakes client side stuff like BootStrap and JQuery. I know at 41 years old, if I want to stay in development and not go into management and command the salary I want, I can't be complacent. The minute that my company stagnates, I must find another job. That means for me, being a full stack .Net developer: 1. Web - Angular, JQuery, CSS, TypeScript, and Bootstrap 2. Server side web - Asp.Net MVC, WebApi, WCF 3. Knowing how to speak the language of an architect (DDD, Design Patterns,everything that Martin Fowler writes) 4. Database theory and maintenance and EF. 5. Testing - front end and back end automation testing. I'm not bragging, I know lots of developers who can tick off these checkboxes. If you're not willing to aggressive learn, this isn't the field for you. MVC is a lot easier for someone who grew up developing on the web. But if you aren't skilled at hand rolling your own HTML and you don't know client side frameworks that can take the place of the bloated but easy to use WebForm controls, MVC is a lot harder. WebForms hide the real web from developers. I disagree, I've worked with many great tech recruiters during the past 20 years that know the market. I've never had my resume submitted without my permission. The last time I was looking for a job with a certain salary, location, and work environment, they were extremely helpful filtering out the jobs that didn't meet my criteria. Employers rarely post salary ranges and it kept me from wasting time by just telling recruiters I won't interview for any job that pays less than $X. I had 10 phone screens with different companies and an offer within two weeks - without blindly applying for a job that would have paid much less than was acceptable. I hate to be that guy, but.... "That I’d been told $75k was reasonable, and that I would have to look for work elsewhere if it was going to be $44k." That was a dumb move. Why tell the boss anything? He should have thanked the boss, gone back to work and started interviewing while he had a job. He let his pride get in his way. And let's not gloss over the fact that he made at least a few million from his equity stake in Tumblr when it was sold to Yahoo. He was the first employee of the company. From everything I've heard on his podcast, it is strongly hinted that he really never needs to work another day in his life. I'm torn. I have 3 older Rokus that are in need of an upgrade. I'm trying to decide between a new Roku and an Apple TV. Roku Pros: -Has an app for the iPhone that I can use when I misplace the remote and can use the iOS keyboard for text input -Has a native Amazon Prime client. -Find remote feature -Remote with headphone jack -Dedicated app for Pandora and Spotify Cons -anemic app store outside of streaming video -No AirPlay -processor not as powerful AppleTV: Pros: AirPlay Support More powerful processor Better apps Cons: Doesn't support Apple's remote app (yet?) Fragile remote On screen keyboard seems like a pain No Amazon Prime support without using AirPlay No headphone jack on remote No Pandora or Spotify app (yet?) He tested ChromeCast and the Amazon Fire TV (which is based on Android). But with Google's spotty record when it comes to TV devices (Google TV, Android TV, Nexus Player, Nexus Q), can you blame him? I don't get it. Is Apple against programmers publishing their own source code? If the authors are giving away the code anyway why not just put it on GitHub and let anyone clone it and use it? Ahhh. In that case, I can understand why Apple wouldn't want to encourage this. if he just open sourced it, Apple wouldn't care about him distributing it or using private APIs. If someone never discovers force touch shortcuts, does it make the phone less useful? On the other hand, almost 8 years after multitouch, even people who are not tech savvy inherently understand pinch and expand so eventually it will become second nature. My bigger issue is that I think it will be confusing to people thinking that long touch doesn't work when they are pressing their screen to move icons. Even more confusing is the home button. Double press to go the home screen, double tap to activate reachability, and long press to activate Siri. "Few business models can afford a 30% tax. If you monetize externally to the device, this tax can be avoided." What do you think the "tax" is when you sell something wholesale to a distributor that then sells it to a retailer? Cards Against Humanity is always doing something crazy. When they sponsor the Accidental Tech Podcast and instead of a sponsor read, they have John Siracusa review toaster ovens. That's not true. Apple allowed third party browsers - as long as they used WebKit - from day one when the app store opened. Apple doesn't have to "allow" you to install apps on the Mac. I've got an even worse Ux experience for you. The podcast app. The sleep timer, forward 15 sec and back 15 sec buttons are completely invisible. You have to know where on the screen to press to get to them. So which should I believe, a random poster on Hacker News that says that Apple forbids employees to contribute to open source, or the fact that Apple has many published open source projects? Why am I suppose to feel bad for these adjunct professors? They seem to fall into two categories - either they are full time professionals who take on a teaching job just as supplemental income, or they chose field and/or degree for which there weren't a lot of job opportunities. I would never support my child getting a degree in Ancient Chinese Art History, I don't care if it is their "passion". As Scott Adams said "Passion Is Bullshit." So it was for the enjoyment -- there is nothing wrong with that. I also did a part time "job" that paid almost nothing compared to my real job, but was for "passion". But I wasn't crazy enough to make a career out of it like the subject of the article. "T-Mobile knows exactly what it's doing. If they had announced an open platform with open specs for implementing low-bandwidth video," Every streaming platform since RealVideo in the mid 90s has had a way to detect bandwidth and send low bandwidth video based on the amount of bandwidth available. You can download a free streaming server right now from either Apple or Adobe that can do it. "and then said "if you have this, we'll use it", the end result would be that everyone could benefit from an innovation of theirs." Does he really need to provide a link to Apple's or Adobe's free offering or the $600 WireCast solution? I've set up an bandwidth adaptive streaming solution for around $2000 (Mac Mini + BlackMagic Intensity + camcorder). "He's smart enough to know that favoring companies that "have the technology to do this" really means favoring large corporations, which is bad for the little guys." This "technology" to stream lower bitrate video based on available bit rate has been around for 20 years. if you're a small outfit, you probably don't have enough video that you need to pay someone else to transcode. You can do it yourself using freely available tools Like HandBrake and some simple scripts, and throw a few spare computers at it. I know that Apple has some tools that use QuickTime to do it - and yes QuickTime uses standard H.264 encoding. If you care about mobile, you should be encoding for low and high bandwidth anyway. Again, I mostly deal with live streaming but the $2000 solution I mentioned above allows you to simultaneously stream at multiple bitrates. I'm seriously thinking about taking a boot camp for iOS development to rapidly ramp up and maybe gain a few contacts. I've been developing professional for almost 20 years, was a hobbyist through middle and high school, and have a degree in comp. sci. A 4 year degree is overrated. Nothing I learned in 96 is relevant today except for my algorithms class and maybe my C class. My career and knowledge wouldn't have been any different if I had skipped college and learned everything on my own (which I did anyway). But hiring managers want a college degree so I am glad I have one. It depends on the tooling you have available. If I encountered a 2000 line C# method, I would use Resharper and start with the extract method command and then extract class. Look up Veblum goods. Apple doesn't take a cut either for selling non digital goods and Amazon doesn't let you buy digital goods via the app. Apple bought 10 companies last year mostly small companies. The age of spending money buying large companies and creating non focused conglomerates is dead. GE, for example, has been busy making itself smaller over the past couple of years. Google split itself up to become more focused and Sony just announced the creation of a separate PlayStation division. Apple's services revenue is growing every year. As long as their installed base keeps growing or even remains stable they can make money off of their existing customers. They aren't in the position of other phone manufacturers or computer manufacturers - with decreasing margins and only being able to make money at the point of sale. It was reported that the average selling price of iPhones was up by $3 and would have been up by $80 if it weren't for currency fluctuations. Yes you are an outlier. If I'm working on a web app, I will probably have Visual Studio running, the browser, the browser debugger window, maybe Fiddler and Slack. I work okay with two monitors but when space allows I've worked with three and even four. TV is not the next big thing. They are low margin, bulky, and on a very long replacement cycle. I've read 7 years. In most developing markets, cheap tablets are the main source of viewing video. Once you get a HDTV, you keep it until it breaks - hence the failure of every new TV technology since HD. Games are not the next big thing either. Console gaming revenue all together was only $25 billion. ( http://www.gamesindustry.biz/articles/2015-04-22-gaming-will... ) Beats was a profitable, high margin business, the gaming industry - not so much. But with gaming moving toward mobile, why risk actually going into the gaming industry where success or failure is based on luck when they get a 30% cut of all money spent on iOS without any risk? But there are two companies that have been able to charge a premium for decades even when there were lower cost alternatives - Apple and Microsoft. Apple has been selling computers for almost 40 years that cost more than their competitors. The average selling cost of Macs are still much higher than the industry average. The fact that Microsoft can sell any of their products at all when most people could easily use free open source alternatives means that MS must have some type of competitive advantage. For both companies, good enough is not good enough for their customer base. For me personally, the integration of their products is a reason I choose them. Microsoft's "long tail" isn't how it survived. It was just the opposite. MIcrosoft's profit has been mostky Windows+Office for 20 years. Add on Sql Server + Exchange and I would guess that's 90% + of their profit. And look at what GE is doing now - they divided their financial business, their appliance business, and a while back their stake in NBC/Universal. That was over 7 years ago. How is it "fair" that people don't know? So the lesson is -- don't eat raw and under cooked food. I support the couple but I am uneasy with it. The stance that "a private group has every right to refuse service for any reason." is the same thing that they said in the South with Jim Crow laws and racial covenants. So how can I say that what the couple is doing is within their rights but at the same time say that Jim Crow laws were not right? I can't quite square that circle. The private keys are not in the possession of Apple though. The key is in the secure enclave. You can still back up your data on your computer encrypted. Something the article failed to mention. I have never done this song and dance. I've been working professionally as a software developer for 20 years and my M.O. Is to talk to reputable recruiters, get an idea what the salary ranges are for my skill set, send my resume to the recruiter and tell them to send me prospects that meet my qualifications and that can meet my salary demands. Then I just sit back, look over the job reqs that they send me and then I decide whether I want to be submitted. Within two to three weeks, usually I have competing offers. I've never failed a phone screen with an employer and I've only twice haven't gotten an offer. Luckily my first job I got was based on an internship. I graduated from a Podunk state college and I've been able to demand a competitive salary after my first three year job stint. He has absolutely no understanding of the technical differences between allowing the FBI and other government agencies with the proper subpoena access to iCloud data which is not encrypted and Apple has done, with hacking a phone and installing custom software. I use to love Yahoo Spades with Cases Ladder. It was all Java based. I first started playing on my PowerMac 6100/60 over dialup in 1996. I can see why they closed it. The idea of running Java in the browser on the desktop is kind of antiquated with everything moving away from both the desktop to mobile and everyone moving away from Java in the browser. Kudos for not doing slide show I don't think it will be there downfall, all of those companies have failed to make compelling mass market hardware and have shown no lack of willingness to write software for iOS. Whatever they do in AI that benefits the consumer, they will make sure it runs on iOS. If Apple gets so far behind that they need to offer it to their customers, they will probably make it easier to integrate Amazon, Microsoft, or Facebook's offerings. Thinking of all of the computers I've had since 2007, all of them are usable and still in use at least once a week. 2006 era Mac Mini Core Duo 1.66Ghz. Run Windows 7 gave it to my mom. She still uses it. 2009 era Sony Viao - Core Duo 1.66Ghz, 2Gb RAM. Windows 7. My son uses it for Office and MineCraft 2009 Dell Pentium Dusl Core 2Ghz, 4Gb of RAM. It's still my only laptop. The display is 1600x900 and is still better than many cheap laptops. The battery is crap though. 2011 Core 2 Duo 2.66Ghz laptop. My wife's computer. It's still feels fast. My workhouse is a 3Ghz I3 with 6Gb of RAM. Bought in 2012. It amazes me when Android users say that the answer to fleeing a walled garden where one company controls the hardware, the software, and the app store is by buying a phone (a Nexus) where one company provides the hardware and software and if you want to stay safe, only use their app store. I have a perfectly working color laser printer from HP and they decided not to have drivers that work with Windows 10. Why are drivers still a thing in the Windows world? Any printer that supports AirPrint (almost any wireless printer) will at least give you a base level of functionality without printer specific drivers required. The only reason that I'm keeping the printer is because it still works with my iOS devices and I'm getting a Mac eventually. Why is it any better idea to stretch yourself to go to an "elite" college? The only way that the authors children "earned" the right to go there is if they were awarded a full scholarship. I went to an unknown stare college, stated at home and got a degree in computer science. After my first three years of working - almost 20 years ago - my salary has been comparable to anyone else's. No one cares what college I graduated from. Our "wedding" cost $25 at the court house and we had a reception later on for around $3000. Is that really true? I would think that most people spend more time on their phones than watching TV. Or it could end up like the music store. I've never heard anyone complain about it being hard to get music published. The same could be said about books or movies. No. I would not hire anyone in a science department who professed a belief of a 6000 year old earth or that didn't "believe in" evolution. I wouldn't vote for anyone who thought that the U.S. should be run based on the bible. No I'm not an atheist but I am against anti-intellectualism. There has been an option since 2003 for iTunes not to copy songs into its own hierarchy and just leave files where they are. That's completely backwards. If you want control over your music library you would keep both of those options disabled. Apple has been selling standard AAC non DRMd music since 2007. No AAC is not a proprietary Apple format. It is supported by everything under the sun and is licensed just like the MP3 format. Apple has nothing to do with the licensing. An independent artists can use a service like cdbaby as their "label" Imagine the Apple talking point. "We want to sell you this car but government protectionist regulation won't allow us". And they do that in every state, starting with the most wealthy, most liberal states and move slowly to the less affluent states. Apple has a lot more die-hard fans than Tesla. Just compare the number of people who have Apple products compared to Teslas. y I started working on a parser as a side project that could parse simple sentences, create a knowledge graph, and then you could ask questions based on the graph. I used http://m.newsinlevels.com at level 1 to feed it news articles and then you could ask questions. It worked pretty well but I lost interest once I realized I would have to feed it tons of words. So could I use this to do something similar? What programming language would I need to use? So exactly what consumer electronic market should Apple get into that's even 20% the size of the phone market? Even before the iPhone was introduced, the phone market was huge by volume if not revenue. It was a hack in C# with no unit tests it never got past the conceptual stage. And considering that you can get an FHA approved mortgage with a less than 5% APR (including PMI) with a 600 credit score, I can't help but agree. I've never taken a cash advance but I don't see anywhere on a credit report where it would be noted whether the credit card was used to charge something or do a cash advance. No matter if you think it's a "hit piece" or not, why should Google and radio stations get to profit off of others work without giving money back to the creators? So tell me again what is so special about Ivey league schools? I don't know about other states, but there are a good colleges in Ga which would have been much cheaper and less stressful and still could have landed them a good job. One of the students were from GA. No one is forced to go to a private college and rack up debt. Go to a state college. Most students could probably go to a junior college their first two years close to home and transfer. I always laughed seeing people thousands in debt getting a comp Sci degree making no more than me - a graduate of an unremarkable state school. If you are a for profit company, I "believe what you are doing" is trying to make money. Why would you think I would want to do any less? Hmmm. So Google invented a way to run small Java apps when you go to certain pages in a browser. Why didn't someone think of this before? I played with the numbers - for GA for $120,000 for "information". It was $50 a month. Not bad for an extra $785 a week. It would give me some breathing room not to take the first job offer and to be more picky. I might also be willing to stay at a job I like instead of leaving at the first whiff of distress. That would be a great idea. Everyone is saying that you should have an emergency fund - and I agree - but I would rather not have the gap in income that would cause me to use my emergency fund. That was from 2010. Most banking apps on iOS use Touchid. If they are using TouchID, they have to store the passwords in Keychain which is encrypted. It's only after the user uses their password that the OS gives the app the stored password. Don't blame the apps, blame the OS. iOS can block apps from running in the background and can stop them from using notifications. Is ZFS lightweight enough to run on the watch? Their ultimate goal was to have a file system efficient enough and flexible enough to run across all of their OS's - MacOS, iOS, tvOs, and watchOS I don't have a problem with it myself, but I suspect using Location Services to allow for background processing is against Apple's App Store guidelines. Well "basic law" in many jurisdictions make it illegal to rent your home out for less than x number of days. So if they want to scream what is legal in one case then why not the other case? I wouldn't want anyone to be running what basically is a hotel right next to me. Retailers always play favorites with brands based on how much companies are willing to pay them. This is nothing new, hidden, nor is there anything illegal about it. What's more likely, that people will give up their iPhones to use Spotify or that people will choose one of the other available streaming music services? Well briefly... 1. Apple's market share is a lot lower than Android worldwide but since Apple's customers are disproportionately wealthier with a higher willingness to spend, it would be suicidal for Spotify the iOS user base - especially in the U.S. If Spotify degrades iOS users service that will just push them to Tidal, Apple Music, Rhapsody, etc. As far as getting exclusive content, do you really think Spotify has either the money or the marketing power to out compete Apple? Apple can market a musucian both on iTunes (pay per song) and Apple Music. The only way you can listen to a certain artist on Spotify is by paying a monthly fee - the free service will only let you shuffle a playlist. Would you buy a game console that could only play games approved by the console manufacturer? Anything stopping people from buying non-Apple smart phones? "hey siri open Spotify" works fine. For a time at least not for Nexus phones sold on Verizon. But why should I have to buy a Nexus phone just to receive OS updates and not get crapware? Not that I disagree with you, but is this so much different than the Right wanting to teach their children about a 6000 year old earth and "Creatiom Science"? The previous post was saying that Spotify could implement their own voice recognition once launched. Even if Apple did open Siri up and provide a "music playing intent" for Siri like they did for messages, it would still be something like "play something by the Rolling Stones using Spotify". Is that much different from "open Spotify" and once Spotify is open "Play something by the Rolling Stones"? That still didn't answer the question. If Apple added a "music playing intent" for Siri in IOS 10 like they are doing for other intents, the probable workflow would be 1. Activate Siri (hey Siri/button on your car, etc.) 2. Say "play a song by Bob Dylan using Spotify" 3. Spotify would get a message with a parsed command to play. There is nothing stopping Spotify today from licensing a speech recognition engine and working with voice. You can already launch Spotify using Siri and after that let Spotify do its own voice recognition like Google does on iOS. So can straight people sue gay dating websites to allow for heterosexual dating? Spending $75K on college doesn't make sense for $120K a year. Any degree that is in demand enough to earn 120K a year you could probably get from going to a state school a lot cheaper. You could probably stay at home, go to Jr college and transfer. I've see starting salaries for the big tech companies that recruit from the name brand schools. It's about a wash or even negative once you consider the cost of living on the west cost and the cost of the school compared to going to a well known in state college and finding a job in a lower cost of living tech hub. I can't speak for the other companies, but Amazon is relatively easy to get into if you have experience regardless of where your degree is from. But what is the desire for working for a "top tier" company? Looking at the average salaries for Amazon, Facebook, and Microsoft, they aren't that much higher than startups and smaller companies in lower cost areas. Yes because the Android manufacturers commitment to support and updates to their phones are so much better.... So do you really think AOSP/CyanogenMod support on some phones is a better user experience than OTA updates by the actual OS provider? Every iPhone introduce since 2011 is still supported with OS updates. What nonsense? He explicitly said in the episode that he studied some options and they were all bad ideas. He made a few million from the sale of Tumblr to Yahoo, has FU money in the bank and he is just scratching an itch and exploring his hobby. I don't see anything wrong with that. The whole schtick about DRM is that you don't own the content. When you subscribe to Netflix, it is explicit that you are paying for access not ownership. I have no problem paying for a DRMd Apple Music subscription as a rental model and DRM free music from iTunes music that I own. Why separate vacation days/sick days/personal days? Why not just one bucket? I would much rather have X number of PTO days. If you are sick and have PTO days you have to use those first, but not dock your pay for sick days after that or a personal half day personal errand. This would work well for most salaried professionals. In the U.S. if you are salaried, your pay cannot be docked for any week you worked anyway -- except for very specific reasons -- and I've never heard of company that would dock a salaried person's pay if they actually did call in sick or have an emergency and they used all of their sick time. https://www.tracksmart.com/Advice-Center/Pages/payroll-benef... It's a language/framework issue. C# supports first class properties with get/set semantics. In your method (actions) in the controller you would write something like this: public List Get(SearchRequest request) { ..... return customers; } Somewhere else in the (configurable) pipeline the framework can decide how to deserialize the SearchRequest and how to serialize the List based on the Accept-Header. (CustomerModel/Request would not be business objects. They would only be used to on the API layer) As far as validation. You could just put attributes on the properties of the Request like [Required] and they would automatically be validated before your Get method is called. Of course if the types don't match, the framework would send the appropriate error. That's a valid point. I'm thinking inside my own bubble where there is a distinction between "being contagious but still feeling well enough work" and "being too sick to work". In the former case, I would work from home and in the latter I would have to take a PTO. I guess the one big bucket works better for people in professions where they don't have to be in the office. I've been working professionally as a software developer for 20 years and I'm doing the same thing now I did 20 years ago - programming. Of course not at the same company. So I've never "gotten a promotion". If I'm lucky, I can go another 20 years without being promoted. I like development and I would die a thousand deaths if I had to be a manager. I would probably leave any company that forced a promotion on me. The age of consumer pay once software is dead and has been for awhile - aside from non mobile games. Which software companies are actually still making real money from consumers? I can only think of one - Microsoft - and even they have moved to a subscription model. I'm a developer and if I didn't have an MSDN license, I could probably get away with only free tools that MS provides and open source software. Adobe is still doing well, but they are also doing subscriptions and mostly prosumers who are running businesses. With the combination of the built in content blocking support that iOS has and the new Web View Controller that respects content blockers, ads are basically dead for web pages on iOS. Apps on the other hand are another story. Every place I've worked, devs have complete access to dev resources like databases, CI servers, web servers and usually have access to QA resources and it's only by convention that we don't screw with it without asking for permission. Why would just anyone have access to production resources - which would be required to take advantage of any of the things he stated. Also, dev/QA should be on a separate domain anyway. I see more of a case against going to a four year college for a lot of people instead of just going to a much cheaper 2 year college for the first two years and transferring to get a 4 year degree. Most state four year colleges have a transfer program. That's not what happened. Around 2006 all of digital music services were failing because thier DRM was incompatible with the iPod. Once Jobs refused to license FairPlay and gave the record industry the alternative of licensing music DRM free they had no choice but to either allow DRM music or let Apple keep a stranglehold on the market. I actually had to look up how traditional copiers worked based on your statement "Most photocopiers are already just digital scanners coupled with printers". I was so use to think of a copier being scanner + printer in the modern era, I had to take a step back and realize that wouldn't have been feasible 30 years ago. The software side of printers have gotten worse. Back in the day, when all high end printers support PostScript, you didn't have to worry about drivers. Now, especially with Windows, your printer can become obsolete with the next OS upgrade. At least on the Mac/iOS side, most consumer printers support AirPrint and you don't need drivers to support basic operations. I have a perfectly functional (cheap) color laser printer that doesn't work pass Windows 7. But works fine with my iOS devices thanks to AirPrint. It also supports Google's Cloud Print so I guess that's one way I could make it work with Windows 10 if I were so inclined. That's true. If they bundled a full cartridge with the printer, it would often be cheaper to just buy another printer than to buy ink/toner. My color laser printer was $200. A full set of toner replacements from HP would be $357 - third party it's about $120 for all four colors. My takeaways.... 1. Communicate your BATNA but be subtle. When I was looking for a job two years ago and spoke with recruiters, I heard from a few that it would be "hard" to get $21K more than I was making at the time. I told them that I was happy with my current job at a major well known company (I wasn't) and that's what it would take to get me to leave. 2. Salary was the main reason I was leaving, but like he said, it's much easier to negotiate one time signing bonuses and things that don't cost the company money -- like more work from home days. 3. Know your worth - it's hard to negotiate more than your market value. When I was interviewing I had 10 prospects that were in various stages of the interview process. I was able to confidently cut the process short for some knowing I had others and I had outside recruiters negotiating on behalf so they could get their commissions. It does happen on the host (I think). That reminds me of another advantage of hosting a network printer on the Mac. Even if the printer does require a dedicated print driver, to the rest of the network - including Windows computers -it's seen as a generic PostScript printer and the Mac takes care of the translation. There are a lot of advantages to using a good recruiter. They serve as a decent filter for both you and the employer so you don't waste time pursuing jobs that are not a good fit. When I was looking for my last job, I had certain criteria - a salary that at the time was higher than average, it had to be located in a certain part of the metro area because I didn't want a long commute and I wanted a certain technology stack. Most jobs don't post salary ranges and for some strange reason it's considered bad form to ask about it at the early stages of the interview process but the recruiter knows what salary the company is willing to offer and it's perfectly acceptable to ask. Submitting your resume blindly to a company is a black box. A recruiter will know almost immediately if a company is interested in you and what stage in the decision process the company is in. They will also give you hints about what type of interview to expect. The last time I was looking for a job about two years ago, I was feilding 10 different opportunities - I had passed the phone screen and scheduling an in person interview. I stopped the process for 8 of them after accepting an offer that met my requirements. I always wondered why they didn't make disks available for sell with the programs on them? The two assembly programs I remember the best having to type out myself for the Apple //e was one that added double high resolution graphics commands to Applesift Basic and one typing out shape tables of letters so you could easily mix text with graphics. When I was in the best shape of my adult life, I weighed 175, with 10% body fat (measured with calipers) and a size 30 waist. I wasn't overly into lifting weights but did a lot of cardio. My BMI was 30 - obese. 5 years later. I do about 3 hours of cardio a week, I weigh 185 and my waist is about 32. My BMI is 31.8. No doctor has ever looked at me and said I need to lose weight. BMI is completely bunk in my case. 5"4. But like I said. I don't lift weights anymore at all. But most people assume I do. As far as the caliper body fat test. It was done using 6 parts of the body. I don't know what the truth is but after being diagnosed with high blood pressure and high cholesterol for the first time, why should I take chances? There is no harm in cutting back on red meat, fried foods, and saturated fat Yeah that goes without saying - part of eating "heart healthy" is cutting back on carbs, sugars and sodium. True. But in my particular case I spent over 10 years eating like crap but exercising like crazy between being a part time fitness instructor and running that covered up a lot of sins. I cut down on exercising, got older, and it caught up to me. I acknowledge that it was all my fault. Back in the day, PageMaker ran only on Macs because only Macs had the underlying technology to support it. People bought Macs to run PageMaker. It was the "killer app". If Nexedi's product was that good, they could convince people to buy Android devices. Can a game maker sue Sony because it is extra work to port a game from XBox? Can they force Sony to support Kinect? And there is plenty of competition for the iPhone. I started my programming journey programming in AppleSoft Basic then 65C02 assembly language. Those were the only two languages I learned and used until college (1992) where I learned a lot of other languages but fell in love with C and then C++ and used that mostly from the beginning of my professional career until 2008 with a smattering of other languages (Perl, VB6, Rexx, Java, JavaScript, etc.) I changed jobs in 2008 started using C# and realized that I was a good programmer, but a piss poor "engineer". I didn't know many of the fundamentals that he discussed, or unit testing, domain driven design, various frameworks (IOC, ORM's, MVC...) and didn't know how to manage a large project or even CI. My algorithmic knowledge, and low level bit twiddling knowlege didn't mean anything in 2008 when it came to delivering real world business value. I still like knowing the nuts and bolts, but it is secondary to getting stuff done. The problem I have with working remotely is that you're not part of the conversation. I work with a co-located team and I'm based in satellite office and could work from home 100% of the time. It works fine within the team, but when politics starts happening outside of the team, we don't know about it until things hit the fan and we are playing defense. Even not regarding the politics, it's a lot easier just to walk over to someone's desk to get their input then reach them on Slack and try to do a hangout. So yeah having the option to work from home is great when you really need to be heads down, you are contagious but you are able to work, etc., but I wouldn't want to be in situation where I'm always remote. It's not that strange. There is only one real avenue to make money off of music -- selling it, either digitally or physically -- besides a subscription service. The movie industry can make money during different "windows". Theatrical releases, PPV from cable companies, iTunes, Amazon, etc., physical rentals, DVD and digital sells, subscription movie services (HBO, Showtime...) and regular cable TV. It's a little more complicated than that. -There is a compulsory performance license that allows radio stations to play any music. They have to pay the song writers and the music writers (?) a fee based on a mandated structure but not the actual singers. -There is a separate compulsory licence for Pandora like services where you can't choose your music and there are guidelines that Pandora has to abide by. -There is no compulsory license for on-demand subscription services like Spotify where you can choose the music you want to listen to. I have mixed feelings about Siri. The voice recognition has definitely gotten much better. The domains that it knows about isn't increasing nearly enough. That's not even a matter of AI it's just doing the work. For instance knowing what's on tv. It does come in handy when I'm driving and for reminders. It seems to do pretty well with directions, playing songs, playing podcasts, and messages. I much rather tell Siri "remind me not to forget my lunch when I get out of the car" than try to do that with the reminders app. How many songs actually get licensed for movies and tv shows out of the millions of songs that are on Spotify? Political campaigns do not have to have a license to use music. Artists have been complaining about political parties using their music forever. Radio stations have to pay royalties to the songwriters and musicians but not the singers. No matter how bad or unpopular a movie is, a studio will always make some money on a theatrically released movie, with each of the distribution mechanisms. I hope HN readers are open minded enough to actually read this article in an unbiased manner and really think through it. I'm an African American software engineer who grew up in a medium size factory city (100K people). I went to a private predominately white school and church growing up, of course now I work with people of all ethnicities in a major metropolitan area,so I thought I thought I was the farthest thing from being prejudiced. After reading articles like this one during this election cycle, I had to take a step back and realize that I was also guilty of looking down on the people he described as the Trump supporter and that I had my own prejudices. I've never had any reason to interact with poor people from any other race and didn't think about their perspective. Everyone I interacted with that wasn't Black were either people I went to private school with (meaning by definition they weren't poor), worked with (meaning other IT people), or lived and worked around (the top 20% of income earners). And the article is correct. At least politicians and the media pay lip service to inner city poverty, no one does even that much for poor people in small towns. If I were part of that demographic I would be going for a politician too that wanted to blow the whole thing up. I know HN is adverse to political topics and I keep seeing this one flagged and unflagged, but the comments on the article and here have been reasonable and thoughtful. The article doesn't deem either side as evil. One thing stands out. Google doesn't have multiple streams of income. They have search and a lot of money losing ventures. some people just aren't good at technical interviewing but on the other hand there are a lot of bad interviewers. I work with a guy I interviewed that gave one of the worst interview performances I had done. He couldn't answer many of the technical questions correctly or only had a surface understanding of them. But, from asking him the soft skill questions I knew he would work well with our team. Then we gave him two simple programming assignment that many of the more senior developers we interviewed couldn't do. He didn't know the syntax of the language well, but you could tell from his thought process, the questions he asked, and how we solved the problem that he was as Joel Spolsky said "smart and gets stuff done". I along with my manager fought to get him hired. We were right about him. He's very effective, diligent, and if I ever got my own team at another company, I would fight to bring him on to work with me. I can't imagine going through that much trouble trying to find a job as a developer. My m.o.: 1. Contact my list of (currently) 14 local recruiters from different companies with my resume, and tell them what type of job I'm looking for, salary, and location within the metro area. 2. They send me a list of jobs with the descriptions abd salary range - something you can't usually get without a recruiter - and I tell them which one I want to be submitted to. 3. Keep a list of the jobs, status (submitted, phone interview scheduled, in person interview scheduled, waiting for response), recruiter information, etc. so I don't get double submitted. Historically, since 1999 and three years out of college, it has taken me about a two-four weeks to find a job, usually paying significantly more. The last round I just went through. I had 13 prospects, 7 phone interviews, 3 in person interviews, trying to schedule the other 4, and will probably have four offers by the end of the week. This is with me being picky on location, salary, and environment. I'm not trying to say that I'm a special snowflake. I know a lot of people that I work with that could do the same. I have a coworker that said he basically walked out of an interview that asked him to write three different sort algorithms on the board - he was applying for your standard enterprise developer. I agree with him. I'm not applying for a code monkey position. I'm applying for a senior software Engineer or architect. Someone who can use modern tools and create solutions. I had two coding tests during my last round of interviews. One on a computer onsite where the interviewers left me alone with a computer and IDE and permission to use Google and the other a coding problem I had a week to complete, turn in on github, and the second part of the interview was going to be a code review. I found both to be acceptable and relevant. Who cares if set top box reform dies? Government worrying about cable settop boxes in the age of streaming boxes and services like SlingTV is as silly as worrying about desktop browser monopolies in the age of mobile. I have six tvs all with some type of streaming box and all of my video comes over the internet. I would have had to pay $60/month for set top boxes if I had go with cable. I pay $50 a month for Sling, Hulu and Netflix and I have Amazon Prime. The market is working. I never thought about the "working class resents professionals but not the rich". But looking back, I've gotten a lot more snide remarks when people find out that I live in the affluent 'burbs "without doing a hard days work" than I do about being Black. All the while admiring Trump.... Luckily, I had two choices for unlimited high speed internet - Comcast business - $120 for 50/10 - and AT&T Gigapower (1000/1000) for $70/month. With Google still nipping at AT&Ts heel in my area, hopefully it will keep everyone honest. Or you could always just click on "Backup", erase your phone, and restore it after you get it back. Apple has had iCloud backup since 2011. Its had tethered computer backup since day 1. My general rule is no appearance of impropriety now that I'm married. That means I will usually not go to lunch alone with a female coworker we always go in groups. I don't talk about my personal life outside of pleasantries, only social network connection I will have is on linkedIn. Even if physical infidelity is avoided, it's too easy to get involved in an emotional affair with someone you spend one third of your waking weekday hours with and since you are in the same industry, by definition you have a lot of the same interest. Unless it's urgent. No direct messages on Slack after work hours. For some strange reason people hate recruiters, but during my most recent job search - a month ago - I worked with seven recruiting companies. I was submitted to 15 jobs after filtering for commuting distance, technology, salary requirements. First noticed that I filtered based on salary. Most companies don't divulge salary ranges but recruiters know that up front. Out of the 17: 2 - positions already filled before I started the process 1 - after further investigation, the technology stack didn't meet my requirements 1 - had qualification I didn't meet 10 - companies that wanted phone screens 8 - phone screens 3 - in person interviews 3 - offers All of this in only 2-3 weeks. There is some overlap and no company out of the 17 stopped the process (submitted -> phone screen -> in person -> offer). I either stopped the process after accepting an offer, the job req was put on hold, or the position was filled when the recruiter submitted it. Two points. First, none of the submitted resumes disappeared into a black hole because I was using a recruiter. I knew my status for each job. The second point is that I'm no one special, I know plenty of developers that had the same experience. Someone else asked how do you keep up with all of the applications - a spreadsheet. I turned off alerts on LinkedIn when I change something on my profile and I don't post my resume online. I also only work with local companies that have been in business for a while. I've found a few recruiting "companies" that just put up a WordPress blog and the footer even says "powered by WordPress". I don't respond to those at all. I have 26 local recruiters all from different companies in my contacts. My shortest time from starting the process to having an offer is 4 days - from a Fortune 10 company. My longest is three weeks when I was being very picky about what technology I wanted to use. I dealt with 5 recruiters at once. I live in a major metropolitan area on the east coast. Companies know that experienced software devastating don't stay on the market long. They move fast. I'm a software developer and I haven't experienced any of those problems. My resume shows that I've been in the industry for at least 17 years and that's after taking my first job off of my resume. I graduated from an unremarkable state college, and I'm a minority. When you're juggling 17 job opportunities knowing that you have a good shot at a least 10 offers, you really don't have to negotiate. Between the salary offers and the recruiters willingness to throw in a signing bonus, you can let the system work for you. No matter how good you are negotiating, if the company has a budget of $90,000 and you are looking for $130,000, you can't square that circle and you won't know a lot of the time until after you've wasted time going through the process. Also over the past 9 years I've had four jobs. I made a mistake and contacted a recruiter from the same company where I was already working with another recruiter and she told me that I was already working with one of her coworkers. Another recruiter mentioned their "morning meetings" where they all get together to share candidates and jobs. It's in the recruiters best interest to find a candidate a job even if they aren't the account manager for a specific company, knowing that a good developer can find a job in less than two weeks. That being said, I've always been good at writing tech resumes and I am a good interviewer. AppleScript is just an implementation detail. The power of scripting with MacOS has always been the underlying Apple Events. There have always been a number of languages that work on top of Apple Events to allow scripting. I don't see any reason for the AirPort. I can only think of a few scenarios with respect to consumers and Wifi: 1. The router they get from their ISP is good enough, they can get support for their internet access and their wifi from one place and they don't mind paying the $7-$10/month. This seems like it would be the easiest for the non-tech user. 2. A combined router/cable modem is desired but you don't want to pay $7-$10/month. Buy a device that is compatible with your cable modem -- again something that I don't see Apple making. 3. You want a separate ISP modem and more advanced wifi router -- the only case that an updated Airport would satisfy. 4. You want an easy to configure mesh network for better coverage -- buy some Eero devices. 5. You want a versatile travel router -- one that can serve as a regular router (ethernet -> wifi bridge), a wifi->ethernet bridge, a wifi->wifi bridge (to create a private network from a public network), or an extender. There is already a $30 router that can accomplish that. I have one of these: https://www.amazon.com/TP-LINK-TL-WR802N-Wireless-Repeater-3... I wasn't referring to a mistake as far as ethically or legally, just that it seemed spammy on my part and useless to contact more than one recruiter at the same company when they share job openings and your first point of contact will usually split the commision with the owner of the account if they arent the owner. I wasn't referring to a mistake as far as ethically or legally, just that it seemed spammy on my part and useless to contact more than one recruiter at the same company when they share job openings and your first point of contact will usually split the commision with the owner of the account if they arent the owner. "I think we should keep this and open insurance companies up across state lines. This should bring competition and reduce our overall rates." No insurance company wants to compete for high risk people. It won't help. Besides, most of the big insurance companies already have plans in most states. Let's see. Both Trump and the Republicans in Congress want to keep the ban on not allowing exclusions based on pre-existing conditions. How will that happen? 1. Insurance companies must cover everyone but can charge more based on pre-existing conditions. Insurance companies know acturatially how much treatment will cost based on a person's condition, so they charge that person and exhorbant amount. People complain and the government either has to subsidize the cost and pay insurance companies the difference or have the dreaded public option - just what the Democrats originally wanted. 2. Alternatively, everyone has to get coverage so you can't game the system and only get insurance when you think you will need it - an individual mandate. Either way, all roads lead back to some form of either ObamaCare, a public option, subsidies that go directly to insurance companies, or people not being insured. Serious question. What advantage is there to running Linux on a Mac? OS X is already certified Unix. Is there any open source software that you can run on Linux that you can't run on OS X? I think everyone is overlooking the main point. He said that one guy was only making changes to either the front end or back end code. They should have been two separate repos. one for the front end code and one for the back end code. That was a great discussion. As someone said below, I agree if it is independently deployable, it should be in its own repo. If you need to share code between repos you need to create versioned packages - in the c# world - Nuget. It's not an "entire class of jobs" that caused the situation. The parent and/or student purposefully made the decision to get mired in dtudent loan debt to go to a "selective private college", knowing that the pay wouldn't be good. No. I unfriended people because I got sick of reading conspiracy theories like Sandy Hook was a government conspiracy to take away guns, that Obama was a secret gay Muslim, that Michelle Obama was really a man and that their children weren't really theirs. Let's not forget the investigation by Chuck Norris that the government was secretly trying to declare martial law in Texas, "proof" of a 6000 year old Earth, and that Noah's ark was found. And then news that people are using welfare to by weed in Colorado and that parts of Minnesota are under Sharia law.... If "sticking my head in the sand" means ignoring the looneys on the right that believe everything they read, guilty as charged. How often does the mainstream conservative media go out of its way to debunk the idiocy on the right? The guy that started the "news" that people are using welfare money to by weed was actually trying to pull a prank on the right and see who would fall for it. Not only was there an uproar on the right. Fox News even reporter it. The myth that vaccines lead to autism is repeatedly debunked by the mainstream media and they report all of the time about places where diseases on the rise because of anti-vaxxers And while I use to think that nothing getting done in America without the support of big business was a bug. I'm starting to think it's a feature. For instance, once big business broke away from the religious right on issues like gay rights, the "moral majority" didn't have a say in the matter. I expect the same thing to happen when it comes to immigration, trade, and the demonizing of "other". Trump supporters may have the numbers but they don't have the money. Yes and at the same time all devs should learn assembly so they have a better idea what's going on with their program. Saw Gerrera Is more fleshed out in episodes of the canon Clone Wars animated tv show. My parents just celebrated their 48th anniversary and were high school sweethearts before that and are in their early 70s. They retired at 55, have taken months long vacations and Christmas they were still dancing together and are in pretty good health. I'm sure when one passes they will be devasted but when I talk to them, they seem at peace with their mortality and they've enjoyed a good long life together. They've crossed off their bucket list. I never hear them say that there is anything they wish they could have done together that they haven't. When my parents talk they sound like they have a sense of completeness. On the other hand, my wife and I are in our early 40s on our second marriages and have only been married five years. There are a lot of things that we still want to do together and memories we want to build. After reading this article, I just wanted to turn over and hold my wife but stopped myself because I have a cold. I was able to run Windows 95 on my 486dx/2-66Mhz Dos Compatibiliy Card installed on my Power Mac 6100/60 thanks to Windows support of 16 bit drivers. I interview developers also. I don't expect developers to be great designers. I expect them to know the basics of CSS and how selectors work, but that's about it. I'm fine if they aren't advanced CSS whizzes. I do expect them to know JavaScript including how prototypes work, scoping, etc. Well let's remember that while Adobe claimed that they could have gotten Flash to run on an original iPhone in 2007, that when Flash finally came to Android, it required a 1Ghz processor and 1 gig of RAM. The first iPhone had a 128MB of RAM and a 400Mhz processor. it wasn't until 2012 that the first iPhone had 1Ghz+ processor. The very reason that Apple could get away with slower processors was because Apple was dependent on slower more processor intensive VM solutions like Java and Flash. That was Flash Light not real Flash. If Adobe could get full fledged Flash running in a 128Mb/400Mhz first generation iPhone then why couldn't they get it running on similarly equipped Android devices when they had the opportunity? Completely off topic... For someone who doesn't follow Intel chip generations closely, the chart of the generations of Core I3/I5/I7 chips was informative. Two Observations: 1. Why doesn't Intel actually name the chips to make them clearer? 2. The poor Mac Mini that Apple is selling in 2017 uses 2013 era chips and is way overpriced. Edit: fixed typos Apple has made three processor transitions 68K -> PPC -> Intel. During each transition, the processor they were moving to was much faster than the previous processor. That's not the case for ARM vs Intel. A lot of the appeal of the Intel based Macs is the ability to run Windows at native speeds. That wouldn't be possible with ARM. Finally, Apple only sells 16-20 million Macs a year. I can't see it being worth the investment to switch to ARM and creating all of the auxiliary supporting hardware it gets to use by using standard PC hardware. Property taxes for my house are $3000 a year. In the same area, my rent for a much smaller place was about to be $1800 a month. On disability, I could scrape up $250 a month fairly easily. I don't have to worry about rent increasing every year or a change in management. Why would I buy this over Dell's 2n1 that I have with a Core I7 for $699? https://www.microsoftstore.com/store/msusa/en_US/pdp/Dell-In... I will even go a step further. For most people, the Performance of a 2008 era Core 2 Duo 2.66Ghz would be enough for non gamers. I have an old business Dell laptop with those specs with 4Gb of RAM running a Plex Server and PlexConnect with Windows 10 and it feels fast enough when using it once you turn off all of the antivirus programs. I don't think I would be able to tell the difference between that and my Core I7 if I maxxed out the RAM to 8GB and added an SSD drive. And if you choose non-Google Android, you don't get a lot of the features that make Android, Android. Google has been close sourcing huge chunks of Android over the years. I'm not saying it wouldn't be a problem for some, but how would Apple's "culture of secrecy" affect Lattner? Apple didn't just release Swift as open source, they released the entire commit history even before it was open source, the future planned roadmap of Swift is discussed openly on a public email list, and the whole Tool chain down to llvm is completely open source. In 2011, I was "laid off" from my job along with almost everyone else when the scraps of my company was acquired. It wasn't a surprise to anyone that this day was coming, management was completely open with us about the dire situation of the company and most of us stuck around until the bitter end hoping that our options might be worth something (they weren't) or that we would get a severance. From looking at people's LinkedIn profile, everyone from developers, to managers, to the L1, and L2 tech support staff had better jobs within a month. Once recruiters got a whiff of the company being in trouble, they started contacting people. Don't ignore recruiters. I have 15 recruiting contacts from different companies in my contact list. I put "laid off" in quotes above because immediately after I was laid off, I did contracting work for one of my company's clients (based on a written agreement they had with the acquiring company). After that contract was over, I spent a day contacting every recruiting company I knew. Three days later, I had a phone screen with a Fortune 10 company, one day after that I had an in person interview. By that evening I had an offer letter. At the time, I was a an experienced developer but a middling .Net developer trying to get into full stack development. Moral of the story, aggressively reach out to people, recruiters aren't evil, study up on interview prep, and don't be afraid to take chances on going after jobs that you might feel that you are not 100% qualified for. I've conducted about a dozen interviews over the past four years. I don't care if you meet all of the bullet points. I care if you are "smart and gets stuff done." And if you are an aggressive learner. That's true for every company. I work at a private mid sized unknown company as the developer lead. I can't go out an publicly speak about what's going on at the company or their roadmap even to employees at other locations or sometimes to my own team. Even though I'm not officially management, I'm privy to information for planning purposes that the company may not want to get out Do you think that Tesla is going to allow him to open source the self driving car software he will be working on? Even though he's not working at Apple, do you think the head of the Swift project is going to refuse to take a pull request from him? Unemployment maxes out in most states between $350-$450 a week. "Colleges rarely teach you what you need to know professionally - they can't, tech moves too fast. Instead, they teach you how to learn what you need to know. This is an important distinction because it should inform your approach to your professional growth." That's B.S. that lazy college professors use who have their heads so stuck in academia that they don't take the time to keep up with technology. Technology stacks don't change that fast in the enterprise that they couldn't do a better job of preparing students and teaching them how to hit the ground running at a company. During the beginning of 2013, for standard enterprise development, Java and .Net along with Bootstrap and Jquery were popular - they still are used today. Back in 2013, the databases that were used in the enterprise are still popular today. iPhone and Android were the most popular mobile platforms. Sure keeping up with the latest front end framework may not be easy to teach, but courses in JavaScript, CSS, etc would still be enough. As John Siracusa* would say. Apple is just making the "naked robotic core". Different people have different needs. But USB-C by itself is the most versatile port that has been released for a computer. Sooner or later every thing will support it. Right now, an Android device that has USB-C is one of the most versatile phones available. https://www.google.com/amp/www.cnx-software.com/2015/08/29/c... That kind of doesn't apply when you're the head of Swift - an open source project where the whole roadmap is discussed on a public mailing list. Solving the issue that was mentioned about how to give an app developer a unique id for a device and still give the user privacy was solved problem with Windows Mobile before the first iPhone came out. The OS would give a developer a unique identifier for only their app that was different per app. To say that work is like "slavery" shows little understanding of what slavery was. If I don't go to work, I'm not going to have my feet cut off, be chased down by dogs or hung. I've quit plenty of jobs over the years. My livelihood is not based on my job. My livelihood is based on my having marketable skills so if I do get laid off, I can walk to my car, call a bunch of recruiters and have another job in two weeks tops. It's been that way for 20 years. Also, a factory job only "enslaves" you for 35 years if you don't live below your means and make life choices that allows you to save and get out of the rat race. My dad knew he couldn't work in a factory until he was 65 or 70. He saved, and lived below his means for 20 years and both of my parents retired at 55, young and healthy enough to enjoy life. I won't be able to retire that young because of stupid mistakes I made in the past, but that's okay. I can honestly say that I enjoy my job and have enjoyed my jobs for 20 years. Once I don't enjoy my job any more, I find another one. I could easily do this for another 20 years. I don't know if you consider factory work "unskilled work" or not, but as I mentioned above, my dad was a factory worker for 30 years before he retired at 55, my mom was a high school math teacher, before she retired. My mom came home, graded papers, took phone calls from parents and teachers (these days teachers do the same and respond to emails after hours), had to attend after school functions, and had to deal with politics, paper work, parents of spoiled children etc. and never got paid extra for it. My dad went to work at 8, came home at 5 and left the job at work. If he did have to work extra he got paid for it. He has a degree in accounting but said he couldn't imagine sitting behind a desk all day. I on the other hand, besides a few stints at contracting, have mostly been in the same boat - not getting paid overtime. I'm not complaining, I also get paid well, can work from home when needed/wanted and get paid to do work I would be doing as a hobby any way. My mom has a pension - she is a teacher. But my dad doesn't. True enough he had profit sharing but in reality that's no different than a 401K plan. He had a vesting schedule similar to a traditional retirement plan That and the abysmal upload speeds of cable internet providers. Comcast's 1Gbps option has 35mbps upload speeds and they charge more than both Google and AT&T. I pay $70 a month for 1Gbps symmetrical upload and download from AT&T - flat rate no additional fees or taxes. On my best computer, I can usually get 950Mbps+ up and down wired. My house is wired for gig-e throughout. I have a situation where a full framework was overkill but using Jquery was causing an unmaintanable mess when creating a dynamic UI. I took a middle ground. I came in and introduce Handlebars to the work flow. We still use Jquery, but our ui is created with simple intuitive handlebar templates/compiled functions. When we do start building more complex web apps, we decided on Ember since it uses Handlebars as its templating engine. Why does this article read like a bad attempt at SEO? And it takes a lot more resources than a device that doesn't have the overhead of Java.... We allow our 14 year old son to use Uber all of the time for our convenience/his independence but we used Uber for the first time last weekend during a "staycation". Out of the 6 drivers we had, 4 of them said they do it for a little extra spending money or to break the monotony of their day job. One of the drivers was a manager at Verizon's corporate office. When I was single and if I had enjoyed driving and wanted to kill some time, I could have seen myself being an Uber driver occasionally. I taught fitness classes a few times a week for years part time because I enjoyed it. It definitely wasn't for the money. I never thought that forcing cable companies to create apps for other devices was right. Forcing a company to develop software felt wrong. The issue is not that cable companies have a monopoly on delivering live tv to consumers. A consumer can get live tv from Sling, PS Vue, DirectTv Now and soon Hulu. They can purchase a $59 Roku stick for each tv and get all of the channels they want over the internet. The real issue is lack of competition when it comes to delivering internet that allows the cable company to have unreasonable data caps. There are also plenty of states that are passing laws that won't let cities build their own internet service. If more people had access to reasonable data limits they wouldn't need cable or the Sergio boxes. Luckily, I live in area served by Comcast and AT&T. I pay $70 a month for symmetrical 1Gbps internet and my house is wired for Gig E. I subscribed to Hulu, Sling, CBS All Access, Netflix (which I had when I had cable) and Amazon Prime. I also have a Plex Server. All six of our TVs have either Roku boxes or AppleTVs. If I had cable, I would be paying $50 extra per month just for box rentals and that doesn't include another $25 in HD Technology fees, Sports Access Fees, Network Access Fees, and other fees. Compromise: all traffic must be treated equally over land lines but allow wireless carriers to make deals. Two reasons I'm okay with this compromise. Landline broadband providers have no technical limitations on how much data their infrastructure can carry, but no matter how much money you through at wireless data transmission, there are limits to how much data can be squeezed into certain bands of the spectrum and some bands aren't conducive to cellular data. The second reason is that most people don't have a choice when it comes to home internet service - meaning no competition. There are plenty of choices with wireless carriers as long as the government doesn't allow consolidation. Exactly. I may look back and regret this later, but I don't see a circumstance where both my job will be outsourced and my skill set as a senior dev who can communicate architecture and business clearly and has developed soft skills won't give me a competitive advantage over cheap outsourced labor. Companies may have to do something unimaginable and invest in their employees who may not have the exact skill set they need and offer them training or give them time to ramp up.... "The gap is so big it is likely that employers will find someone over here rather than eat the $60k salary increase in some cases" I don't see the problem. I can't imagine a job that's only worth $70,000 being so "specialized" that it the company couldn't have found someone that was already in the U.S. to fill. The company was probably taking advantage of the program anyway to get cheap labor. "but for niche applications that can be pretty hard, you're talking people who have studied for years." How many people that have studied for years to become experts at niche applications are being paid only $60,000 a year - the current minimum for H1B Visas? I would think that getting such an expert is well worth $130,000 a year. I have a friend that use to live in Orlando, the cost of living is about the same where I live (a major metropolitan city that's not on the west coast). If I were to join a startup as an software architect - the person whose decisions were going to make or break the company - I would be asking more than 130K. My skills aren't really that "specialized" in the grand scheme of things. If my expertise was going to make or break the company, $130K is not that much to ask. That's life in any media. Where revenue for a category is very top heavy. I know the question says "other than pay", but money is the most important reason I work. I'm not going to take a job that pays less than what I'm making and I'm not going to stay in a job that pays $10,000 less than my market value under any circumstances. That doesn't mean that I will automatically leave for a job paying $10K more, that may be an outlier, but I won't settle getting paid substantially less than average for my skill set. My second priority is a "seat at the table". I won't work at a large company or one where I'm not visible to the people who decide my pay. My third priority is whether what I'm learning is relevant in the market. My peace of mind doesn't come from my job - it does come from knowing that I have an in demand skill set that has historically allowed me to get a job in two weeks to a month. Fourth, is of course freedom and flexible and a results oriented culture that is more concerned about getting things done than whether you work from 8-5. Meaning if I need to work from home occasionally come in late sometimes, leave early, etc it doesn't matter as long as I'm meeting deadlines. Only works if you have enforceable non-compete contracts to prevent your workers from leaving after you trained them, since most employers will pay a premium to get workers who are already trained and the original employer will pretty much never give salary bumps that high year-over-year since it would quickly bankrupt them. If an employer won't pay an employee based on market rates, when that employee leaves, they are going to have to pay the next employee they get to replace them at least market rate anyway and on top of that probably 30% more for a recruiters fee, plus the loss productivity while they are looking for a replacement, plus they are losing a person with knowledge of the company. I read something somewhere. A software dev manager asked his manager for a training budget for his employees. His manager asked him, what if we spend the money on training and they leave? The software dev manager asked his manager, what if we don't train them and they stay? Depending on the company, I'm usually considered a "lead developer", architect, or some other title that requires me to spend 30-50% of my time either in meetings with business people, designing, planning, or mentoring. I have trained hard for those skills. I don't see companies outsourcing software engineers , if all a developer can do is sling code around without understanding system development and architecture, they are no less of a commodity than the factory worker getting outsourced. How is this different from console manufacturers not making their software backwards compatible? If you want to preserve old iOS software that you bought, do a local iTunes backup and your apps are on your hard drive. For the forseable future, you will be able to buy used 32 bit iOS devices - just as people buy used consoles to play old games. That's the worse case, best case is that Apple keeps allowing older devices to run older versions of purchased software. I recently charged up my 1st gen iPad (last update 5 OS versions ago) and I was able to download older versions of apps - Hulu, Netflix, Crackle, Plex, Amazon Video, kindle, Spotify and Google Drive, -- from the App Store. The iPad 1 is too old and too low on memory (256Mb) to run Safari without crashing constantly, but the apps I mentioned still run well as does the built in mail and calendar apps. It works with Bluetooth and Spotify doesn't force you to listen in shuffle mode on tablets if you're not a subscriber. You can very easily install older versions of software. If you make a local iTunes backup, you can keep the apps and reinstall them locally. If you have an older device that doesn't support the newest version of the app, you will be prompted that there is an older version available that us compatible and be allowed to download it. The former option works on all iOS devices ever made, the latter works at least as far back as iOS 5 devices. Apple wouldn't need an ARM chip to allow iOS apps to run on Macs. I would think that all iOS apps are already compatible with x86. When a developer writes apps today using Xcode and runs the app in the simulator, they are running an x86 compiled version of their app linked against an x86 version of the iOS framework. It wouldn't be that much of a technical hurdle to polish the experience and officially support fat binaries that run on x86 and ARM. You can't restore local copies of apps that you backed up using iTunes in iOS 9? But you can download older copies of apps on a first gen iPad? That's weird if that's what you are saying. I was able to download older apps on my 1st gen iPad about a month ago. Edit: Are you sure it stopped working? You can't download an older version of an app on a non supported OS unless you either previously downloaded a version before on a compatible device or used iTunes and bought the app on a computer. Edit 2: Apparently you still can download the app to your computer directly using iTunes but you can't back it up to your device. https://www.google.com/amp/www.macworld.com/article/3125509/... It's not about sneering a VB. I don't see the use of it in 2017. I started using VB6 in 1999 - 2000. I was a pretty good C and C++ programmer, I could do a little MFC, I was pretty good at writing COM and DCOM dlls in C++, etc. but I saw a real advantage of VB to getting used friendly GUI apps done and the IDE was pretty good. I would often wrap c++ code in ATL wrappers to create COM objects to use in VB. But what's the real purpose of VB today? No matter how you look at it, either C# is just as easy as VB.net or VB.Net is just as complicated as C#. It seems just wordier and redundant. I'm not saying it's a good idea, but we are talking about Apple allowing IOS apps run natively on Macs. iOS apps are already running natively on macOS - but only if you have Xcode. Apple could really just include the x86 based iOS framework that it already has in the next version of macOS and tell developers if you want to run on Macs, just modify your UI to support a third target - you are already probably targeting iPhone and iPad - let Xcode bundle the x86 build its already doing while you're testing. As far as Intel based phones, that's even easier, tell developers they are realeasing an x86 based phone in the next year, either you bundle an x86 version - again you're already testing an x86 build every time you run the emulator - or you'll lose compatibility. Apple has never been afraid to abandon apps when it transistioned processors. The Android situation is different, if people have a choice between buying an Android device that is 70 percent compatible and one that is 100% compatible. The one that is 70 percent compatible is at a disadvantage. But if people want an iOS device and Apple switches to Intel and they lose some apps what choice do they have? I agree. With the exception of TVs with Roku built in. One remote that was intended to control the TV and the Roku functionality. I'm not competing with people who are willing to work for only $10 an hour on Upwork. There are plenty of opportunities for people who are skilled architects, and real engineers. Worse case, if I were either just starting in the industry or wanted to learn a new technology, I might take one or two low paying jobs to get practice and build a portfolio but that would be about it. Actually, a good recruiter can serve the role of an agent. They will look for opportunities for you because it's in their own best interest. But just like an athlete, you have to be smart enough not to get taken advantage of. I have different views on prioritization and providers not counting some data as part of your data allotment depending on the circumstance. T-Mobile. If you are a legal video or audio streaming provider and you meet T-mobiles technical requirements, you can get zero rating. Everyone is on a level playing field. Verizon and AT&Ts zero rating of their own services: there are four national carriers and a few regional carriers with their own networks. There is plenty of competition in the wireless space. Cable companies zero rating their own content on their own network: Technically, all internet providers have peering arrangements where if they have more outbound traffic than inbound traffic, they make up the difference with payments. Since it is there own traffic, they don't have to pay another network provider. Of course, realistically, the cable companies are doing it to be anticompetitive. The real answer is make it easier for there to be multiple companies to provide Internet access in a given area. they would start competing on price, speed, data limits, etc. Luckily, I live in area where I can choose between Comcast's crappy service and AT&Ts gigibat internet service - no data caps and a flat $70 a month. And somehow in the more affluent parts of the city where I live, Comcast, Google and AT&T are all competing. AT&T and Google are both offering gigabit internet for $70 a month. I moved into a brand new subdivision and I had a choice between AT&T fiber and Comcast. It's also ranked as one of the 25 most affluent counties in the U.S. I'm not bragging, any senior software developer making an average salary in the city could easily afford a house here. On the other hand, in some parts of the state, they use to have a choice between low data cap cable and even lower capped DSL. But AT&T doesn't even offer DSL in some places that they use to. They either pulled out the market or are not accepting new customers. Make it easier to get right of way to lay cable for internet. Also state governments are making it illegal for counties to offer municipal broadband. The government gives incentives for everything else, why not internet service? There rules are really simple - allow for adaptive streaming at lower bit rates - something that every single video provider has been doing for over 20 years since the advent of RealAudio in the mid 90s. I can't speak for the most rural areas. But when I visit smaller cities - populations around 100K, usually I see people on all four major carries. Going on the outskirts usually it's just Verizon and AT&T. Well, I guess that narrows down the metro area where I live.... But AT&T seems to be being more aggressive about their Rollout between DSL (slowly dying), and their newer fiber offerings. https://m.att.com/shopmobile/internet/gigapower/coverage-map... If they were aggregating and selling this information to television networks, as a better way of measuring how many viewers a show had, I would be okay with that. It may help keep some of my favorite shows on air. But to sell my individual viewing habits with my IP address? Not okay. I agree completely. I don't have cable, but I pay for SlingTV, Netflix, Hulu, Amazon Prime, and CBS All Access. If a tv series isn't on one of those platforms, I will find it somewhere else. But I won't pay $30 for one tv series. I agree with the article mostly, but one issue I've always had with product owners is the lack of willingness to lay the proper foundations for technical products to succeed. That can be anything from training and allowing developers to do a proof of concept before they decide on the technology. The importance of automated testing,code reviews, refactoring, etc. Yes those were the bad old days when we used nested tables for layout with rows and columns. We are much more sophisticated now. We use nested divs with classes like "row" and "col-md-6"..... At some point though, isn't better to get paid more per hour than working more hours? The average senior developer in the area I live - a major metropolitan city on the east coast that isn't NYC - can easily charge $60-$75 hour as a W2 contractor, probably 30% more as a corp-to-corp contractor. It would be a better long term investment to keep learning and gaining skills that make your hourly rate of your salary higher. You can only work so many hours a day. A side benefit is that the more marketable skills you have, the easier/faster it is to get another job if you get laid off. My quickest time between looking for a job and getting an offer has been 4 days. If I were going to do a small gig at a low pay rate to earn a little extra money, it would be something using a technology that I didn't have any on the job experience with that would increase my marketability. For instance if I were interested in getting into mobile development and had spent some time studying but hadn't done it for a job, I would take a low paying gig as long as I had the right to show off samples of the work for future employment. If you are doing an order by on a single table on an indexed column, is that expensive? If you are doing an order by on a clustered index, wouldn't the order by be essentially free? But I never thought about it, but it does make perfect sense to sort on the app server and filter on the database. When hosted locally, it's practically nothing in terms of money, time to spin up another API server and add it to the load balancer compared to another SQL Server instance. I can't speak for laptops but I can speak for the utility of having a thin phone and a battery pack that makes it thicker and heavier than it would be if Apple just included a bigger battery: I've only used my battery pack four or five times in the year and a half I've had my 6s. Most of the time I'm not far away from a plug - either at home, in my car, at work, etc. But when I travel, a slightly bigger battery wouldn't be enough. I would want twice the battery life - something I can get by using a battery pack - but I probably wouldn't get from a slightly larger iPhone. If you have to optimize, why optimize for the edge cases instead of the most popular case and give options for those times people need it. Your subscriptions don't have all of the hidden fees of Comcast -- set top rental, hd technology, sports access, network access, etc. I save over $70 a month in fees by subscribing to Hulu, Netflix, Sling, CBS All Access, and Amazon Prime. Most of the savings is by not having to rent 5 extra set top boxes. "They take good existing idea (touch screens finger control, phone PDA, mp3 players), use them, make them better, integrate them better. They build great hardware, add solid software on top of it and design friendly beautiful UI to use them. The only apple revolution is their ability to always improve the user experience. Not their products." If all of that is so easy, why didn't anyone else do it? Any TV with built in Roku support. Have you been working with any recruiters? Again, why couldn't any other company build those same capabilities or get the same user base demographics? It's not like in 1997 an almost bankrupt Apple was operating from a position of strength. I am in my 40s and I work with a young married guy in his mid 20s who i would consider a level 1 software engineer on a scale of 1 to 5. He is a dreamer thinking he can strike it rich with his great startup idea working on it part time because he hears stories of all the people who sold their startups and thinks that's such a glamorous life. First I told him about survivorship bias and laid out basically the same statistics as in the article. Then I showed him that he could double his income in 3-5 years just by learning the craft of software engineering - risk free -- and still have plenty of time to enjoy his new marriage and enjoy his hobbies. If his own company was struggling, he would be up late worrying about it. If the company he is working for is struggling and he keeps his skills up, he could easily get another job in our metro area. It's been that way for me for over 20 years. I enjoy being a corporate drone, I go to work every day and leave the job at work -- and I'm a technical lead -- imagine how easy it is if you are "just" a senior developer? If you are a two income family in a good job market with one income as the average senior software engineer, you are guaranteed to be well within the top 10% of earners and be able to live a pretty good life. That's true and I told the guy that he has to make a choice. Either he has to be willing to "settle" with being a corporate drone and enjoy a nice work life balance or come up with a great idea and go all in and execute. Very few if any of the well known startups get successful by doing it "on the side". That's easy and I agree with you. In 20 years I've only worked in a large corporation with a lot of bureaucracy for two and I said I would never do it again. I only work for small companies for the same reasons you cited. But the same thing applies. I worked for a company where any day the doors could be closed if the VCs gave up on us. Management was very open about the situation but there wasn't really a mass exodus, and I slept well at night not worrying about it, thinking that worse case I would be out of a job for at most a month. We all got laid off during an acquisition, no one was overly concerned, we all went to lunch had fun and looking at my coworkers LinkedIn profiles, we all had better jobs in month. Security for software engineers should never come from our jobs. It should come from keeping our skill set up to date and keeping our network of former coworkers and recruiters. Cellular carriers haven't had a stranglehold on phone manufacturers since the iPhone came out. I don't think carriers are demanding features from Apple. As far as Android, you can buy plenty of decent Android phones unlocked and just choose your carrier - as long as you don't choose one of the CDMA carriers. Not being able to use Sprint is no big loss. That just leaves Verizon. What monopolistic market forces? There are dozens of phone manufacturers and you can buy an unlocked phone and use on any GSM carrier. That's not true of all phones though. Most phones don't support CDMA and GSM. Both SE models support CDMA and GSM but different bands. But only some iPhone 6 models support CDMA. http://www.everymac.com/systems/apple/iphone/iphone-faq/diff... There are plenty of cheaper CDMA phones that don't support GSM. Most of the higher end phones support both. And then there is another scenario like I believe some of the Google Nexus tablets only support LTE on Verizon and won't work at all if there is no 4G on a CDMA network. It will work on 3G/3.5G GSM networks. At my last job, we asked two simple questions and many "senior developers" couldn't get them: 1. Write a function that determines if a number is prime. If they didn't know what a prime number was, we would tell them. 2. A simple problem that required designing a database schema and sql query that involved a left outer join. There were a lot of developers who couldn't do it. On the other hand, there was one developer who was just learning c#, who had spent most of his time doing VB.net, couldn't answer a lot of the technical questions but we could tell by his thought process and how he explained real world problems he solved that he would be a great asset to the company. We fought for him over more "senior" developers. When I have a chance to hire again, I'm going to fight to get him -- even though he sucks at interviewing and i might have to do a little convincing. I've been on both sides of the horror story style interview -- as an interviewer and an inteeviewee. As an interviewer, if there was someone we liked, we were brutally honest about the company culture. We (myself and my manager) wanted senior engineers who weren't afraid to speak up and help shake things up in the larger organization. If they still accepted the offer, they were what we wanted. We had too many people quit out of frustration instead of fighting. At another job I applied to as an architect, the manager told me all of the issues with the processes (and lack there of). He tried to "scare me away". I asked him one question. Will I be able to come in and make the changes needed and will he have my back if I inadvertently step on toes trying to do the right thing? He said yes and I accepted the offer. I partially agree. It depends on what you are hiring for. If you are hiring for a low level code monkey, you want to see how they code. If you are hiring for a senior level engineer/architect, you want to see how often they avoid coding and know how to leverage existing frameworks. That is how I approach a problem. I've seen too many inexperienced developers reinvent the wheel - badly - instead of taking a step back and wondering, "is this a solved problem"? Is this part of our core competency or can we outsource it, find an existing package, etc. I once had an interview where they gave me some programming problems, prewritten unit tests that were failing that I had to make pass, a laptop and told me to use any resource I wanted to help and left me in a room for hour. It was one of the best technical interviews I've had. A lot of that "success" is not real. China is building infrastructure that no one is actually using. Temporarily propping up the economy but not tied to long term gains. https://www.google.com/amp/www.forbes.com/sites/kenrapoza/20... I might do something like that on my own time as a learning experience, but not as part of my job. The less surface area we have to support the better. It's also a lot easier to onboard new people if you're using a popular third party package and you have thousands of people that have already had the same problems you might encounter. First the brute force algorithm. Then we would ask them how could they optimize it. A lot of people couldn't even get to the brute force algorithm. 1st level optimization: skip even numbers. 2nd level optimization that I was the only person to get when I had to interview for the company: loop starting at 2, and go the square root of the argument. If you're using a good framework like C# Web Api, you don't have to choose. Just implement them all by adding them to the pipeline and the framework will automatically serialize/deserialize based on the accept header. How would an app you download get your email or get any personally identifiable information that you didn't explicitly allow it to have? You register your custom serializer at application startup... http://www.strathweb.com/2014/11/formatters-asp-net-mvc-6/ Your controller action looks like this: public List Get() { ..... return employeeList; } Based on the serializers you have registered and the request Accept header, WebApi will serialize the list into JSON, XML, BSon (all built in) or a custom serializer that you add like Protocal Buffers http://www.infoworld.com/article/2982579/application-archite... Basically you can have all four registered and the client decides what it accepts. Reading through the first few comments here, I haven't seen anyone say that they prefer Android Studio over XCode or Visusl Studio. When I had a choice years ago to go down the Java path or the .Net path, I chose the .Net path partly because of the quality of the development tools. Also I trusted MS to evokve the language more than I trusted Sun and now Oracle. I launched Android Studio and it still had the "Java stink" to it that all Java based GUIs have. But XCode and IOS development definitely is a lot more polished experience than Android development. What features does Intelli J have that a combination of Visual Studio + Resharper doesn't have to make it so much slower? There is nothing more important than not being stuck with using a tool everyday for 8 hours a day that you hate. After using R# everyday with Visusl Studio for years, I got a job that wouldn't provide Resharper for developers. I bought it myself without a second thought. I want the tools I use to be seamless as possible. As far as the other reason I chose to base my career on .Net rather than Java once I decided to move away from C++ bit twiddling - that I trusted Microsoft to evolve the platform more than Sun, in hindsight it seemed prescient. They can also (often? always?) be rolled over to another 401k when you change jobs I can think of no good reason to ever roll a 401K to another employer instead of rolling it over to a usually much lower cost IRA. In my experience - most of the time - yes. I have found the arc of a job to be: 1. I accept an offer I like based on the environment, the pay, and the ability to learn new things. 2. During the first year or two, I'm learning new things about the company, the industry, the software they are using, and a technology that I've been wanting to learn. 3. Usually as I'm learning my market value is out of sync with the menial raises I'm getting, the company doesn't see a need to keep up to date and the technology becomes out of date, so the world is leaving me behind. 4. I start looking at job opportunities, see what I need to learn to be competitive and start preparing for my next job. This is ususlly a 3-6 month process. 5. I start calling recruiters and move to my next job, making significant more and start over at step 1 until you are at the top of your pay for your market without having to be promoted above what you like doing. This usual happens within 2-3 years. I might stick around for 3 just to get completed vested. I agree with all of this. I have recruiters from 20 different local companies in my contact list. About 6 months before actively looking for a job, I reach out to them to get market information - both on skill set and salary range for my experience. I also unashamedly talk to former coworkers about salaries. When it is time to start actively looking, I reach out to the same set of recruiters. They only send me jobs within the salary range I want and I know where my application is in the process. There are no black holes. Usually within two to three weeks, I'm actively engaged (phone screen/in person interview/ waiting for an offer) with 15 - 20 companies. Once I get 3-4 offers on the table. I'm tired of interviewing, stop the process and accept a job with the right combination of technology/money/commuting distance. At most, I'm leaving $5000 on the table. Eventually, within two or three years, I will either be within market value range or change jobs. If you're blindly submitting your application to a large company, I think you're doing it wrong. I don't think I've ever (20 years) applied to a job without either going through a recruiter or an inside source. The one time I did speak to a company based on a reference, during the HR/internal recruiter phone screen, they asked me did I have any questions One of the questions I asked was what the salary range they said it depends on experience. I told them my experience is on my resume and we had talked for 30 minutes so they know my experience, so what was the salary range based on my experience? I told them that we didn't need to waste each other's time with scheduling an in person interview unless they can give me the information. She said she would email me. She did, I told her that was too low. I never heard back. Aren't most of the states that have legal marijuana, Democratic? Yes. Something like: List > records; We would send a request off to multiple services, wait for all the responses and then the front end would sometimes need all of the lists and other times need it flatten. How would I do it? var allitems = records.SelectMany(b => b).ToList(); I would think that any many decently populated areas, it's at least a "duopoly". You would have the cable company and the phone company competing. I have a choice between Comcast and AT&T. I have gigabit internet from AT&T - $70 a month. On my best computer I routinely get 900Mbps+/900Mbps+. No data caps, no extra fees. Even in the few areas where Comcast does offer 1Gbps they still only have 35Mbps up stream. It's the cable companies that are being left behind by fiber deployments. AT&T is not interested in delivering video over wires. They want to move customers to DirectTV as quickly as possible. There is no marginal cost to deliver video over satellite to an additional customer as far as Infrastructure. I haven't read this book but I listened to a podcast (Knowledge @ Wharton) where the author was being interviewed. It seems like it might be worth a read. https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/1119081459/ref=ox_sc_act_imag... That's very short sighted and it depends on your goals. If you want a long term sustainable project, you're going to regret those choices later. I just left a company that was getting its butt handed to it by the competition because simple features took forever to implement because of bad architecture -- too much business logic in stored procedures, multiple teams sharing the same code base and git repo instead of properly segmented packages/micro services, no automated testing, and even worse no thought of how it would be tested. Well written code doesn't take more time than poorly written code. Even if deadlines demand skipping unit tests, you can still write your code to be unit testable. I'm the lead dev at the company I'm at now and basically have a clean slate and empty repo. I get to design code using best practices. I've already found that not taking shortcuts has allowed me to reuse code in a ways I never imagine. I don't want to curse my 2017 self out in 2020 because of bad decisions I made. True in 2020 I might look back on decisions I made in 2017 and kick myself, but I will have small focused microservices, decoupled classes, and a full suite of automated tests to allow me to refactor aggressively. Even to the point if in 2020 I decide that one service should be rewritten in TrumpScript, I have automated Newman API tests that will allow me to rewrite the whole thing and have a level of confidence that it will work. I get the chance to instill a culture of doing things right is more important than doing things fast. This. I let a lot of bad decisions that "architects" made go at my last job without putting up a fight even though I knew they were bad decisions since I knew I wouldn't be at the company long term. As the newly installed software architect at the company I'm at now, seeing that I plan to be here for a few years. I'm much more likely to fight the good fight about doing things right instead of fast. Actually, I think doing things right and doing things fast is a false dichotomy. You can do things right, fast, and deliver the minimum viable product. I can't think of a single bad architectural decision that would help you in the short term over doing it right. I think recruiters are great. I've been working with them for almost 20 years. As long as they are local recruiters working with local companies. I have 20 recruiters all from different companies in my contacts. - They have always asked me for permission before submitting me to a company. - My application never goes into a black hole like it would if I were applying for a company directly. I don't think I've ever been submitted to a company by a recruiter without going through the entire process -- resume submittal, phone screen -> in person interview -> offer. Unless I decided to stop the process somewhere. - Going through a recruiter is the only way that I've found to filter based on salary requirements. Most job posting don't include them and it's only at the offer stage that you even know if you and the company are in the same ball park. - I'm able to just sit back and wait for jobs to come to me. I don't have to scour career sites. I have had recruiters that don't understand that no means no and that while money is the an important reason I work, it's not the only reason. Recruiters were shocked last time that I took a job that wasn't in the top of my pay range but offered more autonomy (the architect at a small company as opposed to just another developer at a large company), and a better commute with little travel. Third party recruiters are all salesmen - yes. Scummy - not all of them. You just have to understand their incentives and who there customer is - the company not you. Your incentives and the recruiters incentives are partially aligned. The more your first years salary is, the more they make. But they don't care if you make the most possible. They would rather leave some money on the table to get their commission and not take the chance you get a better offer from another company. They could care less whether the job is the best for your long term career goals. Two jobs ago I was working for a large well known stable company but was severely underpaid - over 20K based on the market value. Some recruiters said I should "settle" for a 10K increase and most companies wouldn't be willing to give me a 20K+ increase. I told them I wouldn't start with the process with any company unless they were willing to offer me at least that minimum. A little bit of both. I make sure my LinkedIn profile has the necessary keywords. I respond to every recruiter that works for a local, reputable agency where I don't have a contact and input them in my contact list. Three scenarios: I'm not looking at all - my response is "I'm not looking for a job right now, but let's keep in touch, send me opportunities that match my skill set and pay at least $x. For the right opportunity, I might be able to pulled away or know someone who is looking." This keeps me knowledgeable about market salaries and popular technologies that I need to focus on. I'm "passively looking". Almost the same as above but usually by now, I'm looking to change jobs within the next three to six months, I've been invited to lunch by one or two companies, and actively preparing. My response then is, "I'm passively looking for a job. Here is my resume, I'm looking to leave in the next three to six months. My salary requirements are $X" I'm actively looking. By now, I'm proactively sending my resume to recruiters, I've spoken to, telling them what I'm looking for, etc. Notice, I'm not waiting for my status to change to "actively looking" to start preparing. By that time I've been priming the pump for six months to a year. If you are actually "bringing in" unqualified candidates and interrupting your team by asking them to interview people who are not at all qualified, that is your fault, not the recruiters. A 30-45 minute phone screen that you do one on one could quickly filter out those who don't meet the minimum bar for the job. I went to one interview three years ago without a phone screen, a phone screen would have been better for both sides. After 20 minutes in the on site interview, I couldn't even feign interest anymore. I just went through the process after the first 20 minutes so the recruiter -- that I had worked with off and on for years -- wouldn't look bad. I said I would never waste my time going to an in person interview without a phone screen. They won't tell you the company up front for a few reasons. The actually company doesn't want to be inundated with resumes without being filtered by the recruiter. Most companies don't have an exclusive agreement with the company. If they told you the company up front and you decided to apply directly. They won't get their commission. In the same vein, if another recruiter caught wind that the target company is hiring, they may try to contact the company directly. Of course they want to get people on the phone. I think the problem is that the incentives generally aren't aligned and it's in your interest to be informed anyway about the opportunities near you. How are their incentives not aligned with yours? They want to find you a job that is a good fit for both you and the company so you stick around for at least a year so they can get their commission. Your incentive is that you want a job that meets your requirements. They give you the initial lead. It is still your responsibility to close the deal. Looking at my spreadsheet that I used to track jobs I was applying to last year, I started the process (phone screen -> in person interview -> offer) with 16 companies using 7 recruiters. I had six phone screens in one day. The next week after coming back into town, I had three in person interviews in two days. I had the offer combination I wanted within two weeks with the right combination of salary/technology/commute/title. Those 16 only represent the companies I actively engaged with, there were others I didn't pursue because they didn't meet my requirements. Similar with recruiters. The 6-7 recruiters only represent the subset of 20 that had anything interesting at the time I was looking. As far as negotiating, if you have studied the market, and interviewed at a lot of places - by talking to lots of recruiters and former coworkers you kept in touch with - you basically know your salary range within 3%. If going in, you were realistic with your salary requirements, and you set a minimum with your recruiter. Negotiation isn't necessary. You should be able to get your market value. Let me ask the same question a different way. How do you make more than $150K outside of California or New York in another (cheaper) city that is known for good tech jobs? I'm thinking about a city on this list that is not on the West Coast? https://www.glassdoor.com/blog/25-best-paying-cities-softwar... Simple solution: Move There are plenty of great software developer jobs in major cities paying 130K+ where the cost of living is a lot lower. Atlanta, Dallas,Austin, Raleigh, and Portland were on the top of my list as far as pay vs cost of living. If you are in your career for more than 5-10 years and the only thing that you can offer to a potential company is the ability to Sling code, why shouldn't your job be outsourced? Being able to sling code is a commodity. It took me a while, but I think I've developed enough architectural and soft skills to not be lumped in the pool of easily outsource code slingers. I don't care if by some fluke my job gets out sourced and it would be a fluke if they could find someone working remotely with my architectural and soft skills. My financial stability doesn't come from my job, it comes from my skill set and my network that allows me to relatively quickly get another job. I work hard to keep my skill set from being easily commoditizable. Realistically, do you see management and architects being outsourced to India en masse? You can relatively easy draw a schematic and decide exactly how you want a piece of steel to be made. Have you ever seen a successful software project development and maintained based on a spec and not based on constant interaction between the customer and some tech lead? Yeah I know. I'm about to say something that is sacrilege. In nature, the population and the available resources tend to equalize. I am a bleeding heart libertarian (let people do what they want to do as long as it doesn't affect others but I don't mind paying taxes to provide a safety net), so I'm not saying people should die on the street, but maybe we should stop having as many children and things will stabilize. I even think it would be cheaper long term if we subsidized birth control for the people who wanted it. That's why I qualified it as a "bleeding heart liberterian". I don't believe the government should mettle to much in what private corporations do with a few exceptions, but I do believe its first responsibility is to its citizens and to provide a safety net. I don't mind my taxes going to help others who got left behind As far as exceptions to when the government should mettle: it shouldn't allow companies to actively harm people (pollution), it should force companies to give consumers all relevant information on whatever they are trying to sell, and they shouldn't allow mergers that decrease competition. I've been an Apple fan for 30 years - from my first Apple //e, LCII with an Apple //e card, a PowerMac 6100/60 and after 8 or 9 years back to Mac with a G4 Mac Mini and a Cire Duo Mac Mini. But since 2006, every time I look at buying a Mac laptop, I can't hit the buy button because they are more expensive than I want to pay and end up buying a Dell. But even during that time, I've still bought multiple iPods, iPhones, and tablets. All that being said, I can see a Mac in my future once I decide to buckle down and be a true hard core, front end developer and start using all of the stuff the cool kids use and/or an iOS developer. But what would I buy? The Mac Mini would be good enough but I would feel bad buying outdated tech even if in day to day use I couldn't tell the difference, I don't want an all in one iMac, the laptops still either cost more than I want to spend or are underpowered (the MacBook). I was a part time fitness instructor for over 10 years. I would burn about 1000-2000 calories exercising most days of the week. It did help me lose a maintain weight loss because I definitely didn't watch what I eat. That being said, I would always tell other people that to key to weight loss and maintenance isn't "dieting" it's finding a combination of cutting back on how much you eat and exercise that is sustainable for you long term. The other part of the equation is that realistically, unless you are already in shape, your body can't handle the intensity required to burn 1500 calories in a day in a reasonable amount of time. If the most you can handle is walking 4 miles an hour, you'll be walking three or four hours a day. I know people who run 6 miles a day in the morning and in the evening but it took awhile to build up to that. "In France, people with French last names on their CVs are more likely to get called in for job interviews. " It's the same in the U.S. if you have a "Black" sounding name, you are less likely to be called in for an interview. I never understood why Black parents would give their children "ethnic" names knowing that it makes it harder in society. Even if their were only a 10% difference, why handicap your children? And yes I'm Black. How is that a Trump style argument? Poorer people commit more crime on average than richer people? Isn't that true across the spectrum? I'm not an iOS developer, but even I know enough about Apple's rules to know that they would frown on any code that has the ability to patch itself without going through app review unless it used the builtin Javascript engine and or was a web view. I can't imagine any iOS developer who knows the guidelines and how your product works wouldn't have been worried. I've never understood why developers criticize OS vendors use of "private APIs". I would go so far as to say there is no such thing as a "private API". The API is a vendors promise to consuming applications that when they call a method, a certain behavior will happen. Whatever they do behind the scenes is an implementation detail that they should be allowed to change anytime without breaking consuming applications. Apple often uses immature frameworks internally - like the extensions framework - to to polish them or to dog food them before making them official. You as an end user jailbreaking your own phone is not a "security hole". I'm not aware of any non-tethered jailbreak for iOS 10 Is there any reason that I should care about .Net Core yet over .Net 4.6 if I'm a Windows only developer or should I just wait for things to settle down? And when Apple changed the private undocumented API that allows the functionality, who should get blamed? Who do you think users will blame when previously working apps that used an undocumented function breaks with a new Os? And the minute scores of applications break that depend on a third party library that uses an undocumented method, the OS vendor gets blamed for releasing a "buggy OS" or they have to keep buggy work arounds in their code forever like MS does. Atlanta suburbs - 18 miles. One hour if I leave at the wrong time. 40 minutes otherwise. I don't really think about it. It's a straight shot commute and I listen to podcasts to keep occupied. Strangely enough, I missed the commute when I had a 15 minute commute to work and could work from home most of the time. Driving gives me a chance to decompress and not have to deal with people for a little while before getting home. I'm not naturally a people person and it's mentally draining having to act like I'm one for eight hours a day. I'm waiting to see some opinions about this. I wouldn't agree with this if it were the U.S., but given Israel's history and how they are constantly under threat by every country in the region, I can sympathize. Do you need a framework at all? I think you could get away with just plain JavaScript and include Handlebars if you want a templating engine. Maybe add Jquery if you want something just above plain JavaScript. Edit: Another benefit of Handlebars is that if you ever do decide you need a full framework, you can use Ember and leverage your Handlebars templates. I posted the suggestion above before reading this. I don't think you can get smaller than JavaScript + Handlebars. This is the route I took for pages that need to run in slow mobile devices. You can even precompile your Handlebars templates as an optimization and include a smaller subset of the Handlebars library that is just the runtime without the compiler. What "hacks" do you expect from using plain JavaScript? The biggest hack in plain JS is usually in my experience creating HTML elements dynamically based on data. That's where Handlebars would come in. We managed to survive and create functional websites for years without a "routing library" and without creating our own custom routing library. But that's the beauty of using Handlebars. If at a later date you do need a full fledge framework, you can use Ember - that uses a superset of Handlebars. The "reduced speed" is whatever it takes to prioritize customers on the same tower who are not over the limit so they get full speed. If you aren't on a congested tower, your speed isn't impacted. Seems fair to me. Unlike wired internet, wireless carriers can't just throw money at the problem and get more bandwidth. A certain spectrum can only carry a certain amount of data. Even building more towers and having each tower serve a smaller radius won't help in a really congested area like a football stadium. Tops out at 1.8Gbps?? They aren't reduced when you hit 30Gb. They are temporarily reduced when you hit 30Gbs and you are in a congested area so others can get full speed. If you aren't in a congested area your speed isn't reduced. Yes they understand and used the term correctly. Throttling - your speed is reduced to a top speed of x when you go over a specified allotment until the end of your billing period. Deprioritized - if the specific tower you are on is congested and you've gone over the "cap", your speed is temporarily slowed down to allow others who haven't gone over their allotment to get full speed. On average, probably less time than on wifi. Most consumer ISP services have abysmal upload speeds. For instance Comcast's 1Gbps plan has an upload limit of 35Mbs. Most of their other plans top out at 10Mbps upload. With T-Mobile I can get up to 40Mbps upload. How is it "false advertising"? 1. It is "unlimited" - not "unlimited full speed" 2. They tell you about the deprioritization. On an anecdotal note, my family was in an extended stay for a few months while we were waiting to get our house built. The hotel wifi was abysmal. We were tethering our phone to our AppleTV - Binge On allowed us unlimited video tethering - we were using 80-100Gb per month successfully without a noticeable slow down. We were not in a congested area. But part of the problem isn't the carriers fault. It takes years to get approvals from cities to build towers sometimes. I have a family plan on T-Mobile. Unlimited data, 14Gb tethering per line, of course unlimited voice, text and I get unlimited data in other countries. I went to Mexico last year and got 3G speeds. I pay $200 a month for 5 lines. It will be 6 soon since they are running a get free line promotion. Slightly off topic but is there is a such thing as universal affordable good healthcare? I've talked to a few U.S. citizens that worked abroad who said healthcare in European countries is universally available but the demand outstrips the supply causing longer wait times to get treated than in the U.S. and that they prefer the U.S. system. These are of course people who have good jobs in the U.S. with company provided coverage. Is that true? Is there any system that can both cover everyone without making healthcare worse for people who already have good coverage? There is absolutely no defensible reason to not allow gay marriage. Who cares if some people have a religious reason for not approving of gay marriage? If they don't approve of it, don't do it. But freedom of religion should also be freedom from religion. Immigration law is a matter of non citizens rights in the US. The federal government has the responsibility to protect citizens constitutional rights. Any law that discriminates against one person because of another persons religous beliefs is prima facie unconstitutional. Should the states have had the right to keep laws against miscegenation because someone objected to interracial marriage? What about states right when it came to Jim Crow laws? I'm in my early 40s, live in a major metropolitan area and when I look for a job as a full stack c# developer, I have companies falling over themselves for me. I am not even that strong with the latest whiz bang JavaScript framework of the week but I can architect anything with my chosen stack and I know what I know on a very deep level. Using DOM manipulation directly in code is a bad idea. It leads to an unmaintabke mess. At least use Handlebars. "It's easier for them to track what you read on the web more aggressively and that's not very good." That premise is right about Facebook but not necessarily with all iOS apps that have "in app browsers" iOS provides two methods to provide an in app browser - the traditional webview where the parent app has access to everything you enter - but doesn't have access to your browser cookies from Safari, your bookmarks, history etc and the web controller which is basically a separate process running Safari inside your app. It looks basically the same except the app has no access to your cookies, passwords, bookmarks, but you do have access to all of the above functionality and any ad blocker you have installed. I don't use the FB app for just that reason. I use the mobile site. Honest question. Could the same be said about using a technology that is not old or proprietary but not the most popular? I'm thinking in particular about Ember. I'm leaning toward Ember for our web apps because in some of our apps, any full framework is overkill and we are going with a combination of Jquery + Handlebars, but other times, we may want to use a full framework and Ember uses Handlebars for templating. I'm not seeing any jobs for Ember. I don't see a problem with whiteboard interviews. I've been to a lot of interviews where they will ask me to explain an architecture and I ask them to do they mind if I draw it out while explaining it. I've spent so much time in my career explaining architecture it's second nature for me to diagram while I'm talking. During a whiteboard coding session in an interview, I would do some code and some pseudocode. But at this point in my career if I saw that the interview was focusing more on coding than architecture/development process/automated testing that would be a big red flag. My view is that you can't have competence at a certain level without confidence - unless you're just an easily outsourced code slinger. I'm often at a whiteboard explaining architecture, ideas, etc. How do you do that without confidence and some semblance of emotional intelligence. So the company gives you a limited amount of time and no access to the internet and expect you not to hack something together? If I have a problem to solve "under stress", usually it's just a one off to fix something in production until I have time to write it, refactor it, put a unit test around it, and a code review. That would be a great question for a tech lead. I completely agree with the idea of an "in memory database". I use Entity Framework. I mock the EF context to return regular in memory Lists of objects in unit tests the linq -> sql translation is replace with linq to objects. When I'm the only developer talking to managers, directors, etc. I'm constantly being judged by whether I have good ideas and whether I can be trusted to architect a solution. May be I am a little overconfident, but I always go into an interview and treat it as a formality to getting the job. By the time I'm in front of the whiteboard, I've already spoken to the recruiter and know what they are looking for, seen the job req to know what technologies they care about, and I've had a phone screen. Why wouldn't I be confident? Dalvik has nothing to do with Android's popularity. Android's popularity is caused by. 1. Price - you can buy an unlocked Android device for $50. 2. It is free to manufacturers 3. No alternative for phone manufacturers at first. By the time Windows Phone git good enough, it was too late. Now that I think about it, I wasn't asked a single programming question when I was interviewed for the job I have now. I was asked architectural, process improvement, soft skill questions. That's probably why I chose the job I have over other offers. It was more of a discussion and by the end of the interview, I was joking around with the hiring manager and said something to the effect of "I'm already assuming I'm going to get the job. When am I going to hear back from you?" He started laughing and said soon. Another interviewer told me at the end of the interview to submit an application and they can get an offer emailed to me by the end of the day. We did a collaborative white board design session and spent a lot of time just talking. Either all of the job offers I've gotten have been mostly just discussions or I talk tech so much I can't tell the difference between an interview and a typical day at the office. I wouldn't say uber is blowing up but there business model has a lot of unknowns. Right now, Uber is subsidizing each ride and their marginal cost is high compared to their marginal profit. The only way they can become profitable is either cut drivers pay, increase the cost per ride or both. If they cut driver's pay, will the drivers stay with Uber? The other side of the coin is how elastic is the demand? I've got to disagree. I've job hopped over the past 8 years - 4 full time jobs and one short term contract. I would think two years is the minimum unless you were a contractor or were laid off. I'm at a point now where I need to stick around a job for at least three years. What would you say is a reasonable amount of time for an employee to stick around if an employer isn't providing pay increases? Two years. If you came in at market value, the median market value shouldn't increase that much. Two years is also about the time to get enough experience to "level up" I agree. That reply was more in context of worrying about "3000 Uber employees" in the market at the same time. Unless he is a high level executive, I don't see why anyone would tar him with the ethical lapses of Uber On the other hand, someone mentioned Yahoo. I would definitely ask someone technical why they stick with Yahoo. For the first time, the last time I looked for a job, people started asking questions. I consider myself a great interviewer --the last time I looked I got no rejections, two offers, and 8-10 other positions I withdrew from the process after accepting an offer. As far as asking questions. I use a modified version of the Joel Test: https://www.joelonsoftware.com/2000/08/09/the-joel-test-12-s... Basically, getting rid of the last 2 questions and asking about automated testing, code reviews, continuous integration, etc. I always of course ask about the technology stack and the amount of autonomy developers have. 2011 - company acquired, everyone laid off and I went to do a short term contract with one of my former company's clients Early 2012 - contract over self explanatory Mid 2012 - I was brought in to work on a new .Net project and to convert a PHP project to .Net. Two years later they abandoned the .Net initiative and everyone was working on PHP. That wasn't a career direction I wanted to go in. 2014 - I was brought in by a manager who wanted people who would aggressively pursue change and modern best practices, they pushed him out and all of the people who didn't want to hear about change started pushing back on his hires. So when I was looking for a job late last year, I was very specific about the technology stack I wanted and the coding practices that were in place. Ironically, I ended up accepting an offer with a company that ranked 2 out of 14 on my modified Joel Test. But I was promised the support of the manager to come in and implement best practices. Scale only helps if you have high fixed costs, the ones you mentioned, and the marginal revenue - marginal costs is large. But if your marginal profit is small, scale doesn't really help. People like to compare Uber to Amazon and how long it took Amazon to become profitable. The differences are: That Amazon was putting money into expansion and could turn a profit anytime it needed to. AWS is their most profitable division - a category with high fixed costs and high marginal profit. They are already using a lot of automation for their warehouses. It will be decades before driverless cars are ubiquitous. I have a hard time feeling any sympathy for students racking up tens of thousands of dollars worth of debt to go to a "good school" to get a degree in a field that doesn't pay enough to make it a worthwhile investment. I went to an unknown state college and paid less for my four year CS degree than many of my coworkers paid for 1 year and within 3 years of graduating, I had no debt, and was making just as much as people sitting beside me who went to more "prestigious" schools. I had former classmates that thought they were too good to go to the local state college,racked up thousands in debt to be a teacher or a social worker. Why? There might be a "value" in it but why shouldn't they pay for it? That banks were "mandated" to finance people who couldn't afford housing is nothing more than a conservative talking point. The risky loans that banks took on -- no doc loans, interest only loans, negative amortization loans, sub prime high interest loans -- were "non conforming". "Non conforming loans" by definition were not government backed loans. People who were taking advantage of those loans generally fell into a few categories. Investors who were buying real estate to flip. People who were getting houses appraised at more than they were worth and were illegally getting cash out and people with money that were buying over priced houses to live in but to sell later. That's not true. There are a lot of private universities and so called "non profit" universities where a lot of people are making money. Even public universities will do what it takes to stay open - including denying state residents admissions in favor of foreigners who pay full price. And many people are but decide they want the "freedom" of being out of their parents house and the local cheap college is g good enough for them. It is called an investment. Society invests in an individual education because in the long run that individual is going to be able to contribute more positively to society My CS education at an unknown state college costed 10-25% of what a liberal arts degree costs from a "prestigious" private college. So why should I pay for people who want a liberal arts degree that is not as valued by society? If we made large student loans harder to get, colleges would have to adjust. Maybe even to the point of making a liberal arts degree cost less than a computer science degree. How many 16-17 year olds don't have parents or guardians to talk some sense into them? Government loans have a limit, especially for non independent students. Parents usually end up cosigning. I told my children they "choose" what college they go to based on how hard they work in high school. If they don't get scholarships, they have to get loans in their own name - meaning one ended up in a 2 year school, lived at home, and could transfer later if he did well. At the time I went to the state college I went to. People were paying for school almost completely out of pocket working minimum wage jobs and staying at home with their parents. A pell grant plus a minimum loan can pay for someone to go to a two year college. In my state, if they work hard enough during the first two years, get a 3.0 GPA they can get their tuition paid at any state college to finish their four year degree. Of course they can get all four years paid if they did well in high school. But students are still racking up debt to go to private schools and go out of state. You mixed two different things. If a person wants to shoot heroin -- or in this case eat bad food. They should be allowed to. It only affects them. Murder takes away someone else's right. But on the other hand, the government shouldn't be subsidizing heroin or food. Inspired by Pascal's Wager: Even if it's not clear that salt intake and saturated fat is bad for you, why take the chance? Three choices: 1. Salt/saturated fat are bad for you and you eat too much of both -- bad outcome. 2. Salt/saturated fat are not bad for you and you eat too much of both - neutral outcome 3. Salt/saturated fat are bad for you and you limit your intake - good outcome. I don't think anyone is arguing that too much salt and saturated fat are good for you, so the three scenarios above are the logical choices. If the scientific studies are wrong and you cut back anyway, you have "lost nothing". If they are right and you cut back, you have gained. There is no benefit by taking a chance that the accepted wisdom is wrong. And all of those people that it affects -- besides their children -- have the right to disassociate themselves from the person. Society already has ways to remove children from bad situations. Shouldn't we try to shield people from doing things that may affect them negatively in the first place How has that worked out? The War on Drugs has been an abysmal failure, as was Prohibition, making gambling illegal, etc. Can you name one time that the government has ever successfully "shielded" anyone from something negative? There have been plenty of studies showing that when you have a homogenous society, people are more likely to care about the common good. When you have an "us" and "them" society, people are a lot more concerned that "they" are getting over and not working as hard. I agree. That's why I said "too much". I didn't say "cut out". In my case, I know my will power is weak. I keep "unhealthy" food out of the house so I'm not constantly being tempted. During the week I only have to resist temptation at lunch since I don't have access to junk food at work or at home. During the weekend, I don't go crazy but I don't go out of my way to eat healthy. If I do want something to sweet, I buy the smallest portion. That's prohibition against one person/company from doing something that hurts someone else. I never said that people should be able to do something that infringes on other people's right. I think that's more education and changing societal norms than anything else. What are the chances that you actually get caught without your seatbelt? Why would traffic laws deter someone from not wearing their seatbelt but not deter someone from speeding? If you look at the traffic laws that work well - stopping at a traffic light, not driving on the wrong side of the road, etc. compared to ones that don't like speeding, using your traffic signal, crossing the gourd, you'll notice that most people decide on what laws to obey based on the risk of injury to themselves or someone else. There is a big difference. They were a $4 billion dollar company without the resources they have now and they were selling multiple computers with the same specs with different model numbers depending on the retailer. He also said that a mistake they made with Macs was having a price umbrella that let others come in cheaper. iPad is cheaper and doesn't support the pencil - good enough for most people - and the iPad Pro is more expensive and supports the stylus and has a faster processor. Most people understand more expensive = better. On a side note. I hate Apple stopped selling the 3rd Gen AppleTV for $59. It was "good enough" for people who mostly wanted AirPlay functionality and to stream videos using the included app. Now they have nothing that competes in the ChromeCast/Roku stick price range. You don't have to consider different specs. Whether you buy an A8 powered iPhone SE, an A9 powered iPhone 6s, or an A10 powered iPhone 7, you get a very well performing phone that is probably going to run the latest OS for the next 3 - 5 years. The only thing you have to consider is what size you prefer, the color, and the amount of memory. I have a first generation iPad. I rediscovered it about four months ago after I moved. I reset it and could download and use older versions of Netflix, Hulu, Plex, and a few other video streaming devices. I even used a version of Google Drive to read PDFs. The battery lasts about 5-6 hours for video playback. Apple lets you redoenload older compatible versions. Well. Look what happened when Apple refused to support Flash. Did Netflix all the sudden support HTML 5 H.264 video in the browser in a cross platform way? No. They wrote a proprietary app for iOS. Would more people have been served if Netflix could have had a standard that worked across all browsers that would have allowed Android users to use Netflix 9 months sooner? Firefox users were already viewing Netflix with a Silverlight plug in. Would you rather be stuck with an MS solution or one with input from various companies. As far as the music industry getting rid of DRM it had nothing to do with "carrot vs. sticks." The real history: 2003: itunes was introduced with DRMd music that only worked with the iPod. late 2006: other companies tried to sell drmd music but since it didn't work with the iPod, none of them could gain traction. Early 2007: the music industry asked Apple to license FairPlay. Apple refused. As an alternative, Jobs said that if the music industry would license their music without DRM, any music sold anywhere would be compatible with any player. His "Thoughts on Music" essay giving this alternative was widely publicized in 2007 ( https://www.google.com/amp/readwrite.com/2007/02/06/steve_jo... ) and was on the front page of Apple.com The music industry wanted variable priced music, the ability to bundle songs, a cut of every iPod sold, and a deposit to insure against losses due to privacy. Apple refused all of those conditions. To both decrease Apple's dominance in the market and to increase the competition, the music industry allowed all of Apple's competitors who would bow to their demands to offer DRM free music. Apple was only able to sell DRM free music by EMI and independent labels and they weren't allowed to sell music at all over cellular for the then new iPhone. 2008: Apple and the music industry came to terms and Apple started selling DRM free music. The only reason the music industry allowed DRM free music was to decrease Apple's dominance. Yeah Mozilla building a new rendering engine to compete worked out so well before.... I've gotten these calls. But how do they "bill" you just by saying "yes"? They don't have my credit card number or any other financial information. Simple answer. Build your network and get to know some recruiters. Recruiters can help you gauge what the market needs right now and what is being paid. When I go into an interview, the salary I'm looking for is already known. I make my minimum salary clear - which is within the market range. I don't need to negotiate. Could the rate I'm asking for be slightly lower than what I'm asking? Maybe in the short term . But eventually if you keep up with market, and are willing to aggressively change jobs. You should be within range. Employers usually don't directly but my experience is that recruiters will always give you the salary range if you ask. Why wouldn't you have an idea about market range? I've heard this before. A little over two years ago, I was asking for what amounted to a 22% increase in salary. I was perfectly within market range with the increase. The HR person said she couldn't authorize this. I politely ended the interview without answering any of her other questions. True. If you're talking to recruiters and other people in your network, you should have a pretty good idea of your range. On the other hand, if you do accept a job below your range and you talk to enough recruiters, soon you'll be poached anyway. Not quite the same thing, but it is sort of heartening that Marco Arment -- of Tumblr, Instapaper, and now Overcast fame -- was able to build out his own non-scummy ad buying platform for his Overcast app. It seems to be doing quite well. https://overcast.fm/account/buy_ad What makes podcast ads so much better? I'm not referring to overcast ads. I think the only thing I've ever bought based on a podcast ad is BackBlaze, but I do find podcast ads for the podcasts I listen to much better, more relevant, etc., I've just never been in the market for most of what they are selling. "And please don't say iOS. It's closed source, which means we really don't know what's going on under the hood. We may trust it today, but one secret court order + an overnight update is all we need to lose everything with iOS. Apple execs may not even be made aware of such an update if the order was delivered to the engineers directly." So Android is "open source" even though most of what makes Android Android to most users -- Google Play Services and all of the Google apps and third party OEM apps are closed. But iOS is closed source even though parts of it are also open source? Can you use an App Store? Are the baseband drivers open source, the graphic drivers? Are any of the drivers open source? I see nothing wrong with a manager who is technical but can't take a deep dive into the code. A manager's role could be to decide strategy, priorities, budgets, inter team communications, working with the customer etc. the biggest thing I want from a manager is to hire good people and to trust them with the "how". My manager decides the "what" and "when". He leaves it up to his team to decide the how. https://www.joelonsoftware.com/2006/10/25/the-guerrilla-guid... People who are Smart but don’t Get Things Done often have PhDs and work in big companies where nobody listens to them because they are completely impractical. They would rather mull over something academic about a problem rather than ship on time. I will only take a contract position if that's the only way I can get a job doing something I know academically -- I studied the technology and did a side project -- but don't have any on the job experience. Basically, a resume builder I'm relatively new to Mongo and I've only used it in C#. But a few points: I would only use Mongo as a backing store for a micro service. All access would be through one service that enforced business rules, data integrity, and would be responsible for exposing business objects/aggregate roots. App servers are a lot cheaper/easier to scale than database servers. By keeping all of the logic in the business tier, it's a lot easier to scale/load balance. A. Real joins using normalized data Then you end up denormalizimg your data anyway in the business layer anyway because most real world applications work with denormalized data and being a good DDD person you work with "aggregate roots". With Mongo you can store and load the whole aggregate root as is without the whole "object relational impedance mismatch". 1. generates a ton of network congestion from getting the data 2. ton of cpu because because json decoding/encoding 3. ton of cpu because scripting languages vs optimized C I don't use scripting languages. I use C#. 4. the use of O(shit) algorithms to make the joins If you're doing a lot of joins with a non relational database, you're doing it wrong. You should be Store the whole object hierarchy as one document. If I'm doing joins. I'm using Linq which should be doing joins based on hashes. 5. inconsistencies when things fail like network or disk or shutdown Again you should be storing the whole document with the relationships. B. Redundant data 1. use a ton of memory/disk 2. create deferred overheads in order to keep things sync 3. despite that, end up with inconsistent data all over the place You're doing it wrong you're using a non relational database like a relational database. 4. wont actually be faster or scalable(!!!) In both cases they end up creating a bottleneck once you start caring about concurrent access not messing up your data. If you use it like an RDMS it won't be. But if you're storing all of the related data as a document, using good algorithms when you have to join, it is faster. How much time do OO programmers spend denormalizing data and using bloated ORMs? Thing is, data is relational, and data isn't an object Only if you are more concerned with the data first approach instead of thinking about the domain first. It's much better to use views of data, eg. "get me what I need to display a listing page in an eshop" - which entails getting the price, photos, title, description, delivery cost etc. - in a single list that you can then use - the database can do this for you - and all the underlying details are abstracted away, better yet - your app server will never have to CARE that at some points product.photos changed from being a simple array of strings to a fully fledged table - because the view remains the same. It's only "much better" until everyone wants there own one off view that has to be kept in sync with the code and reverting/branching/versioning has to keep in sync with what the hundreds of brittle views, stored procedures, etc. that are being created. Instead of treating the data store like a dumb data store. By putting as much logic in the business later as possible. I can not only branch, version, etc. I can completely unit test my whole application and mock out the data store. Okay so you're saving the entire list of 'followers' of a user inside the user document What happens when you have a really popular user with a million followers... What do you do when you update a user who happens to follow thousands of other users... Mongo best practices are to think about the orthoganility of your relationships - one to few, one to many, or "one to quintillions" and choose whether to embed based on that. But going back to thinking in terms of DDD an aggregate roots, a user would be an entity, an address of the user would be a value type that belongs to the user - embed it into the document. A user's followers would be entities, that would be a related object that should be able to change independently. In that case use Mongo references. and all the underlying details are abstracted away, better yet - your app server will never have to CARE that at some points product.photos changed from being a simple array of strings to a fully fledged table - because the view remains the same. If I'm changing the representation of the data. I still have to change it somewhere - whether the database -- where you don't have proper versioning, branching, source control -- or the app server. If you're changing the representation in the app server in more than one module/microservice, you're doing it wrong. With a microservice/module, I can still represent the data as old clients expect by versioning the API and have much better tooling than have five different versions of the view that never die. I hate that I've become an AT&T fanboy, but I have their Gigabit fiber service and use their router. The modem/router they gave me -- and don't charge an extra fee for it -- is in the worse possible place in my two story house. It's in a guest bedroom closet downstairs attached to the smart panel. When I'm right under it, I can get 400Mbps u/d from my iPhone and my laptops. In the worse location in the house I get 120/120. My house is wired for gig-e throughout but I with that kind of wireless speed, I didn't bother about getting the more expensive Roku boxes with 10/100 Ethernet connections. Of course I usually get 900+ u/d wired. Good, responsible companies don't let that become a barrier to doing the right thing. Despite what Stallman would have you believe, open sourcing your own code is neither right nor wrong . It's just a choice. There is a long history of customers using their leverage over a supplier to say that you either allow us to buy you, or we take our business to a competitor - or in house. In theory yes, but just to take one well known example, the HeartBleed SSL bug was introduced in 2012 but wasn't found until 2014. If TW is anything like Comcast, the bill is only lower until you start adding fees. I have six TVs. 5 additional cable boxes would be $50. Plus the "HD Technology Fee" - $10. Plus the sports access, network access, and various other fees, we would pay about $80 a month just in fees. That's more than we pay for Netflix, Sling, CBS All Access and Hulu. We also have Amazon Prime. Amazon Video works on Roku boxes and the iPhone and iPad. It does let you AirPlay to an AppleTV. Once you get one set top box that is capable of HD, they charge you the "HD Technology Fee". We only have three people in the house. So all three of us could watch live tv simultaneously with Sling. Hulu gives us errors once in a blue moon if we try to stream from multiple TVs, but for the most part, it hasn't been a problem. It's also not usually a problem with Netflix or Amazon Video. But all this is a moot point if you don't have unlimited data. You might not end up saving. Would it matter anyway if it is all digital? Then you don't get an HD capable settop box. So you watch everything in SD? The biggest problem with Spotify is that they aren't a company they are a feature. Streaming music is being considered a low margin value add by companies with much deeper pockets like Apple, Google, and Amazon. None of Spotify's competitors are trying to make a company sustainable profit from music streaming. Apple throwing together a "Mac" in a bog standard PC case with Mac compatible hardware is something that Apple could do and would make most Pro users happy. Apple has in fact shipped "Macs" in standard PC cases and slapped OS X on them. They did it for the first developer x86 Mac machines. How long do you think it takes Dell to create a new case and slap hardware in it? If the iPhone 4 design was as bad as people made it out to be, how did the GSM iphone 4 sell for over 4 years without any modifications to the design? I'm in my 40s and would only risk starting my own business if I knew my spouse had good insurance, I have enough savings to live off of until my business started generating income, and any money I invested in it wouldn't endanger my current or future well being As far as risking my day job, that wouldn't concern me too much in today's economy. It's never in 20+ years taken me more than a 2-4 weeks to find a job. Once I saw the writing on the wall for my business and saw that I only had a month's saving left, I would shut down my business ad find another job. I wouldn't sign a long term lease for property until I saw the business was sustainable. On the other hand, seeing how much headroom I still have in corporate America, the idea would have to be a great one for me not to just be a corporate drone. Yes. But, except for work related URLs, I rarely go back and use them. If it is an interesting web site with good articles, I subscribe to the RSS feed. My bookmarks stay synced between my iPhone and Chrome on Windows using Apple's iCloud Chrome plug in. It stays synced between Chrome on different computers using my Chrome account. And thinking like this is why iTunes for Windows exists.... I've work hard for employees for a long time and it has paid off handsomely. I just didn't expect an employer to pay my rapidly increasing market value (software developer/architect) and I changed jobs frequently. From looking at the market and seeing that I have no desire to go into management - I think my days of outsized increases in salary are about over. You don't have to trust corporations. You have to keep your skills up and be ready to jump ship when necessary. Of course they want "free stuff". They want farm subsidies, they want tariffs and a trade policy that has everyone else paying more so their wages can be artificially increased, they want unnecessary military spending that puts money in their pocket, etc. America does provide a means of getting an education for everyone. If you're poor you can get Pell grants and government guaranteed loans. What's the benefit of paying $600 for a cell phone up front instead of paying $600 over two years on an interest free loan? Most cell phone companies have moved away from subsidies to interest free payment plans. That being said, you can get a perfectly acceptable unlocked Android phone for less than $100. I've seen a lot of comments where people think that their hard work led to their success without taking into account the benefits they had based on their environment. I felt the same way. I use to say that I graduated from an unknown state college with a horrible CS degree over 20 years ago (debt free) and within three years, I was making as much as people who graduated from well known schools who had debt. If I could do it, anyone could. But looking back, I realized that I did have a few advantages. Many of my classmates took jobs working in the defense industry working on mainframes and other not so cutting edge systems. But they came out of college, moved to small towns, making enough to support themselves. That's not the life I wanted. I was offered a job, based on an internship the prior year as a computer operator in a larger, more expensive metro area, making much less than my classmates, but I knew it was a better long term opportunity. I told my parents my rational for wanting to take the job and I knew I couldn't afford to make the move by myself. My parents, paid the deposit, the first months rent and sent me money for the first two years to make up the difference until I got a job as a software developer. 20 years later, the rest is history. My parents could afford to do that without blinking. How many of my classmates didn't have that same opportunity? On a related note, many people get jobs based on unpaid internships. Who can afford to work a summer without pay without parents who are able to help? My internship happened to be paid and they provided housing, but I was lucky. I have T-Mobile, but I think most of the major carriers work the same. My bill is simple to calculate -- phone plan + payment plan. If I bring my own phone, there are no extra fees. If I buy a phone on a payment plan, my bill is my phone plan + (phone cost/24). It's still "redistributive". 1. How are farm subsidies different from welfare payments at worse or at best the Earned Income Tax Credit? 2. How is imposing tariffs so that some people pay more than they would pay based on free market prices not "redistributive"? 3. How can the same people who say "the government doesn't create jobs", jibe with the civilian government forcing weapons and military bases that the military says it doesn't need, but it creates jobs in the US using taxpayer money? These are the same people who don't like ObamaCare but like the ACA..... http://www.npr.org/2017/02/11/514732211/obamacare-and-afford... My son didn't have a high enough ACT score to get into the college he wanted to go to. We paid $100 an hour for 13 one on one test prep tutorials with college professors and MBA grads and he got in. There are plenty of parents who couldn't afford that whose kids are just as smart. I did well on the SAT (the very top scorer in my class), but how much of that was due to natural gifts, and how much of that was due to having a parent who was both a high school math teacher and someone who spent years tutoring and administering the SAT? I don't see the problem with this. If it is only on the church campus, why should I care? If I don't like it, just don't step foot on their campus. I agree way too many typos. You can tell it was the lack of proofreading (not acceptable) not someone whose first language is not English (acceptable). I agree with most of the article accept the idea that you shouldn't have a front facade controller and that each team should be responsible for their own UI. That isn't feasible in a lot of real world contexts. - what if the same service is used by web and mobile applications? - the backend services usually have access to data that shouldn't be exposed in the DMZ. By keeping all of the services that communicate with backend systems behind the firewall and having the front end services exposed in the DMZ, you have another layer of protection with the only port being opened between the DMZ and the internal network is port 80/443 Now that I read it again, I noticed the sentence structure reads like a non native English speaker. At first I just paid attention to words that were wrong that was read like a bad autocorrection. What is the practical difference between an armed police force that can only operate within a church and an armed private security guard? But with Comcast, I would also pay each month. $50 - 5 extra set top boxes $10 - "HD Technology Fee" $5 - "Broadcast Access Fee" $5 - "Regional Sports Fee" That's $70/month in fees. I pay: $10 - Netflix - I would have this anyway. $19 - Sling ($30 normally. I get a $5 discount through TMobile and a $5 discount for being on the Orange Beta) $11.99 - Netflix no commercials $6 - CBS all access I also have Amazon Prime. I probably would have that anyway but I do have Amazon Prime Video. Let's say it's worth $5.00 a month. I pay less for all of the subscriptions services than I would just in fees for Comcast. On top of that, they are a lot less of a hassle to cancel. Just think about two scenarios. 1. A person struggling to make ends meet ends up with an extra $200 a month. 2. A person who makes enough to meet all of their needs and many of their wants ends up with $200 extra a month. Which one is more likely to spend that $200? I'm not rich but I am in group #2. If I got an extra $200 a month it would probably go into savings or debt payoff. That's good for me, but it doesn't help the economy. One thing that the article gets wrong is the difference between brand advertising and direct response. Consumer products goods will always be about brand awareness and not direct targeting. It's the difference between what Snapchat is trying to do and what FB is trying to do. Coca Cola advertising is never going to be about running an ad an expecting someone to go on a website and buy a Coke right then. Neither is anything sold by companies like P&G. Brand advertising is not about the level of targeting that FB is doing. Debt repayment destroys money. http://positivemoney.org/how-money-works/advanced/how-money-... Banks don't have a shortage of money if less people save. In theory yes, but in practice, banks can borrow money at basically a 0% interest rate from the government. If the government sees that there isn't enough money in circulation, they will just put more in circulation. For Apple I think you are referring to quarterly sells Backblaze supports external hard drives. You just have to keep them plugged in. If they aren't plugged in for 30 days, Backblaze will erase the backup - but gives you a warning. I'm looking for the cheapest gigabit based NAS solution that supports B2. Any suggestions? I'm thinking about replacing my aging Core 2 Duo laptop running Plex with an attached USB hard drive and BackBlaze with a combination NAS with Gig E and an NVidia Shield. I would use B2 for backups. I have gigabit internet up and down and a house wired for Gig e throughout. In the U.S., even with the ACA, it's still easier to have health insurance through your job. When I was single and solely responsible for having health insurance, I couldn't as easily jump back and forth between contract jobs and permanent jobs. I couldn't take advantage of high pay with no benefits like I can now. My wife having good family health insurance has allowed me to be more aggressive about opportunities. I know other people who own a business and their wife works at low paying government jobs with good benefits. Im from the outside looking in, but I never understood why a lot of parents with kids with only average or below average academic skills don't think of encouraging their kids into getting a trade like plumbing, electrician, car repair etc. they don't "waste" time learning subjects that they see as irrelevant and everything they learn is directly related to their future career. I don't see a time where there isn't a need for those trades. The reason I say I'm on the outside looking in is because doing any job that requires the ability to use both hands was never an option for me. If you have 7 years of experience, you almost certainly have important, non-junior level skills of value. If only that were true. There is a difference between having 7 years of experience and 1 year of experience 7 times. If he hasn't had a mentor and been in a bubble, it's possible that his skill set is not as high as it "should be" based on the number of years he's been working. I found myself in a similar situation around 2008. I started programming in 1986 when I was 12 in AppleSoft Basic and assembly, went to college, got a degree in CS in 1996 and spent the first 12 years of my career being a solid C++ "programmer", who dabbled in other languages. During those 12 years, I was also the only programmer at the company without a mentor. I could write clean code, bit twiddle with the best of them, but hadn't been exposed to sound engineering practices. In 2008, at the age of 34, I humbled myself, got a job as what I would consider a junior "software engineer" (making about the same thing as I was already making) and spent the next 8 years, learning from others, studying, and job hopping my way between 4 jobs and becoming what I consider a pretty good architect. Being at a large company isn't what made the difference. Even though I didn't realize it at the time, I think it is more important to work at a company that sells software and sees software development as a profit center and not a cost center. There are some requirements I would look for: 1. Do they have automated tests? 2. Do they enforce code reviews? 3. Do they use some type of continuos integration system? 4. Do they use source control - preferable Git? 5. For the server side, do they use a statically type language - Java, C#, or even NodeJS/TypeScript 6. Do they have organized training sessions like lunch and learns? I'm at a point in my career now where I'm pretty confident in what I know and I'm the only architect at my company. I ask for advice a lot from some of my former more experienced coworkers on a private Slack channel that we still use. A many-billion dollar, world changing industry has been exclusively constrained to one dynamically-typed, weird language cooked up by one guy in a hurry, over 20 years ago. I'm definitely not a lover of JavaScript as a language, but it helps when you start thinking about JS as a "assembly language for the web". Very few people get worked up about whether x86 assembly language is a bad language we've for the most part moved on to a higher level of abstraction. The same could be true for JavaScript. When I have to use JavaScript without TypeScript especially with a codebase that I'm not familiar with, it's like walking on a tightrope not knowing what you might break. You're always afraid of doing refactorimgs that would be a CTRL-K away with Resharper. Load it up with whatever bloat causes every browser other than Opera to struggle at every moment with scrolling a page. Which is absolutely the case on my 4 year old laptop. For whatever reason, Opera handles this like a dream, while Firefox and Chrome cannot, though I frequently go back and try them again. Opera and Chrome use the same rendering engine now. Why would Opera work better than Chrome? The second question is what type of computer is it? I have an old Core 2 Duo 2.66Ghz laptop/4GB RAM (circa 2009) that I've repurposed as a Plex Server. After installing an ad blocker and getting rid of unnecessary services, I don't notice a real world difference between that and my usual laptop - a Core I7 2.66Ghz - except for the difference between an SSD and a 5400rpm hard drive. Web browsing is just not that processor intensive - a four year old A6x iPad can browse the modern web well. What sites these days work better with Firefox? What if they aren't working there to survive? What if they are just teenagers living at home for some spending money? Or a retired person just trying to get out of the house? I consider my manager as an "equal". I respect his "role power", but working for a small IT department we very much have a partnership. His role is to get strategy and priorities from on high, my role is tactical - implement the best architecture and training in the way I see fit within the very broad guidelines that he sets. He has the power to guide my job but I also have the power to leave and find another job. I was a landlord for over a decade. I worked with tenants to a point because the alternative - eviction was not an easy process. To evict someone you have to (it's been awhile so I've forgotten all of the legal terms): 1. Give them a 7 day notice 2. File an eviction notice with the court 3. The tenant then has 7 days to respond. 4. The tenant can respond with almost anything and then you have to wait for your court date - that can be two weeks to a month. 5. Then you show up to court and then you have to wait a week (?) to file another request from the court to schedule a policeman for a two hour window to evict them. You must have a crew of 5 and must have all of their belongings on the street within 2 hours. This whole process can take up to two months and each step costs time and money. I would never become a landlord again unless it was part of an LLC with multiple tenants - at least 20 - where I would expect to make a profit with 75% occupancy and had a dedicated staff. What's the alternative? Not saying you are imagining it, but a four year old computer that isn't infested with crapware should be able to run most mainstream sites. I agree that putting in more hours consistently toward an active project seldomly turns out well in the long term, but someone that can put in more hours doing side projects using technology/frameworks that they aren't currently using on their job that allows them to stay current/cutting edge that will make them more competitive. I knew plenty of younger developers who spent nights/weekends doing proofs of concepts they could show at work. It did make them look better more competitive than other people who just put in the hours. I spend a lot of time doing side projects just to stay competitive. They never promised to open up iMessage. The story behind FaceTime is a little bit more complicated. Steve Jobs said he would open it up without asking the engineers and lawyers who were just as surprised as anyone else about his announcement. As far as Apple not open sourcing anything. https://opensource.apple.com They also published the full git commit history of Swift from the initial commit. If i am the lead dev/architect and he gave me the latitude to implement it the way I thought was best, why would I be the "scapegoat" and not the person that should shoulder the blame for a poorly implemented project? On the other hand I don't over promise. I've told everyone that they can either impose a deadline or features but not both. In other words, they can tell me these are the features they need and I can come back with a deadline after talking to the rest of the team, or they can tell me the deadline and we can discuss what features you can have by the deadline. I'm not naive enough to think that everyone has a job where they can do that. But when I interviewed I was coming in to basically create a modern dev shop from scratch - source control, CI, automated testing, etc. with a group of developers who learned on the job without any formal training. I only accepted the job with the promise I would be given the time to set things up correctly. 1997 - Apple Computer Company might as well have been called "The Beleagured Computer Maker" and Microsoft had an "unbeatable" monopoly in operating systems and browsers. 2017 - Apple is the most valuable company in the world and now known as phone company while Microsoft is still dominant in operating systems for desktops it doesn't matter and a company that barely existed in 1997 has the dominant browser and becoming the dominant desktop OS in schools. Facebook is on top now, but so was Friendster and MySpace. Facebook is already seen as the place for "old people". In other words. In technology, no one stays on top for long no need for the government. It's called "commoditizing your complements" Google open sourced Android to get advertising revenue. IBM supports open source and made money from server sells and still makes money from services. Apple open sourced WebKit (more than they had to) to gain industry support and later to kill off Flash. https://www.joelonsoftware.com/2002/06/12/strategy-letter-v/ Yes because Apple in general and Steve Jobs in particular is a company that goes out of it way to be accommodating to the masses.... Chromium was a fairly recent fork of WebKit. Webkit was already being adopted by every browser vendor except MS and Mozilla. As far as Golang, I doubt that it has the uptake ofClang (even used by MS), CUPS, or Bonjour. Yes I realized that CUPS was open source before being acquired by Apple but the copyright was owned by Sweets and they could have closed all future enhancement over the last decade. something more risky to the walled garden concept. I perhaps could have worded it better, but HN does seem to react to any questioning of Apple with a defensive posture. What has any company open sourced that would cause them to loose their competitive advantage? The original web rendering engine code was originally licensed under BSD. Apple could have forked it and closed it. JavascriptCore was also based on BSD code, but was then rewritten by the WebKit team and made GPL. Darwin was originally based on BSD code - there is no requirement to keep BSD code open. Certainly, Android is more open than Apple's mobile OS. Google does hold some important bits back. But, still, it is "more risky". Hence the question. I may be missing other areas where Apple was open sourcing things that were more core to them. Android is "more open" except for the parts that Google cares about - Google Play Services, and all of the other open source components that Google is abandoning. https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2013/10/googles-iron-grip-on... And there are few if any open source drivers for the cellular chips or graphics chips. Fairly sure KHTML was LGPL, Apple could not have closed it even if they wanted to. Same goes for what became JSCore which also remains LGPL. You're right. WebKit itself is BSD but Webcore and the original original JSCore are LGPL. A really weird combination. In addition to the other replies, most of the work experience that this job offers are "resume killers". They make you look worse when applying for your next job. It's like taking a job doing ASP.Net Webforms with SilverLight components in VB.Net using WCF to build back end services. I was in a similar position about 8 years ago - developer, net ops, DB administrator, dev ops. I programmed in C,C++,VB6,Perl, Java and did scripting with REXX. We also used both MySQL and SQL Server. Went to find another job after being at the company for nine years thinking I was a "Jack of All Trades", not realizing that I was also "The Master of None." Except for C but that really didn't matter. Since making that mistake, I started focusing on a fairly narrow fullstack. Because reselling old electronics involves finding buyers, which is not a zero-effort endeavor. Or maybe you're a company that is replacing a fleet of devices with upgraded models, and it will literally cost you more money in paid staff time to sell it than it will to just hand it off to a recycler. Gazelle makes that real easy. As far as used cars, some of the major metro areas require you to get an emissions test to renew your tag. If the check engine light comes on or the OBD signals certain errors you can't renew. The market has decided. Case 1: it was a perfectly functioning computer but the owner wanted something new. They could hand it down, donate it directly to a charity, or sell it through a company like Gazelle. I don't think I've gotten rid of a single computer in 10 years. I have 4 pre 2009 computers that I know are still in good use after installing a fresh copy of Windows 7 on them (thanks to an MSDN license). One of those four is a 2006 era Core Duo Mac Mini. The 2008 era Core 2 Duo is being used now as a Plex Server. Case 2: they were returned to Apple under warranty, Apple cleaned them up and sold them refurbished. Apple has been selling refurbished devices for over 10 years. Case 3: they weren't worth selling or refurbishing. So I assume you buy Android phones from companies that don't keep their devices updated with the latest OS basically forcing you to buy a new phone if you want the latest OS/security patches. Apple has traditional supported iOS devices for at least 3-4 years with OS updates. My old first generation iPad 2010 can still get older versions of current apps from the App Store. Why not? It doesn't harm Apple's competitiveness. Apple doesn't publish source to the hire level OS X frameworks. To that point, we are operating very lean at my company and we need to setup a CI server soon that integrates with AWS. My manager asked me did I know how to do it. I've copied and modified pre-existing Jenkins build pipelines that someone else created, I know enough on high level to know what I want and I could figure it out, but I am also responsible for architecting a major project. The less mature cowbow me would have taken the CI setup on as an interesting diversion. The older more mature architect me, reached out to a former coworker who specializes in dev ops, asked him was he interested in a short term after hours/weekend contract to set up Jenkins and gave the proposal to my manager. Anything on the periphery that I think I can outsource to managed services or bring in a part time contractor - that I know and trust - i do it. Yes the app creator can pull an app or not allow older versions to be downloaded. In my case, I came across my old iPad recently, reset it and was able to install Hulu, Netflix, Crackle, Google Drive, Plex, Spotify,and the CW app Edit: I was also able to download Apple's productivity apps -Pages, Numbers, and Keynote. Since 2010, KDE has been moving away from KHTML to the official WebKit fork. Why would a banking app need to use device fingerprinting? If I produce content that I want other people to view, I have to cater it to googles requirements or almost nobody sees it. Simply put Google is the biggest driver of traffic and ad dollars. I know of a few bloggers who don't seem to be dependent on Google or Facebook to maintain their business. 1. John Gruber (daringireball.com). He made a name for himself over 15 years and is famous enough to be on the shortlist of people that Apple always reaches out to when they want to do a four or five person press event. He routinely gets VPs from Apple on his podcast. He sells RSS sponsorships - one at the beginning of the week and one at the end of the week. He also makes money from his podcast. He did lose half his readership after Google killed off Google Reader, but he said since he never sold his ads based on the number of readers, it hasn't hurt his business too badly. 2. Ben Thompson (stratechery.com). He posts once a week to his blog, became popular and has over 2000 subscribers to his newsletter that he charges $100/a year for. He has one advertiser for his podcast - mailchimp - they sponsored him for an entire year. 3. Marco Arment - first architect of Tumblr, creator of Instapaper, and now Overcast. He is also a decently well known blogger in the Apple ecosystem. He basically created his own podcast app ad sales platform, and has a popular podcast. 4. Horace Deidu. He started out as a blogger/analyst and now he gives speeches and does workshops worldwide. It's hard getting noticed over the noise, but it can be done. It is possible to create a viable content business without an over reliance on Google. Your fingerprint is never sent to the app. The first time you use an app you have to enter your user name and password and that is stored in the secure enclave that not even the operating system had access to. When the banking app request validation, you use your fingerprint to authenticate and the secure enclave sends the username and password to the app. The fingerprint scanner is connected directly to the secure enclave. When you sell your phone, you go through the process of erasing your phone, the encryption key is destroyed and your fingerprint is no longer valid. http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/article/2013/feb/01/... According to the institute’s data, a two-earner couple receiving an average wage — $44,600 per spouse in 2012 dollars — and turning 65 in 2010 would have paid $722,000 into Social Security and Medicare and can be expected to take out $966,000 in benefits. So, this couple will be paid about one-third more in benefits than they paid in taxes. Some types of families did much better than average. A couple with only one spouse working (and receiving the same average wage) would have paid in $361,000 if they turned 65 in 2010, but can expect to get back $854,000 — more than double what they paid in. In 1980, this same 65-year-old couple would have received five times more than what they paid in, while in 1960, such a couple would have ended up with 14 times what they put in. Such findings suggest that, even allowing for inflation and investment gains, many seniors will receive much more in benefits than what they paid in. Coming from c# and using Linq: 1. Type safety instead of magic strings 2. Composibiity of queries. 3. Testability - I can mock out the dbcontext in unit test and use an in memory List to test queries without having a database dependencies. But these days, for any new project, my default is to avoid relational databases unless there is good reason for them. Even for BI, my live database is more than likely going to be NoSql and use a combination of CQRS, Event Sourcing, and messaging. In the case of Google and Valve, if developers think that the commissions are too high they could always try to sell the software on their own site..... Well, when I was actually working for a company that billed me out to clients I would have killed to get 70% of my billable rate. As opposed to Nintendo, Microsoft, Sony, and for all intents and purposes Google? I'm no lover of JavaScript -- especially without TypeScript -- but JS is the most universal language. There are frameworks to create server side components, Android apps, iOS apps and windows app Not that JS is optimal for any of those use cases. No real opinion about anything in the article except the use of config files. After using Consul, I never want to go back to config files again. https://www.consul.io/intro/ Compared to going on your Consul's website to change a value and that value automatically being updated in all of the systems? My first thought was why would I be deeply hurt if I got let go? Looking for a job is minor two or three week inconvenience but it's not the end of the world. I had to take a step back and realize that life isn't that easy for most professions as it is for software developers in a city heavy tech. How would I feel if it took me 6-12 months of looking for a job, rejection letters, not hearing back from employers, etc. at least with a divorce you only got rejected by one person. Profits are a trailing indicator. BlackBerry's highest profits were 2 years after the iPhone came out and the same year Android came out. Why not use an ad blocker for iOS? They've been supported natively for awhile. Raising the minimum wage is definitely not the answer. It causes market distortions and hurts business and the people as a group who it should be helping. As a bleeding heart libertarian, I always wonder why liberals want to place more burdens on business - force them to pay more in wages and health benefits - instead of just having the government provide health care and increase the Earned Income Tax Credit and make it easier for employers to pass the EiTC to eligible workers through the payroll tax. In other words, just like the government can have business pass taxes to the government on behalf of the employees why not just the opposite, have the government give businesses credits to pay employees through the already existing EITC? The distinction between private for profit and not for profit is a distinction without a difference. It just means that outside shareholders aren't making money, but you'll find that stakeholders in a lot of not for profit companies are just as interested in making money as for profits. The stakeholder are often just the employees. I've never thought about using PayPal like this. It makes perfect sense though. I never really worried about credit card fraud. It's so easy to dispute a charge. What's the difference between a setter in languages like C# and any other method call? I agree that if you class Foo with a property: public string Bar {get; set; } and used as: foo.Bar = "baz" It does look like just another data structure. But what's the difference between that and having a method: public void setBar(string value) { _bar = value; } It is just as easy to add logic to the property later on: public string Bar{ get{ return _bar; }; set { ...some logic; _bar = value; } As it is: public void setBar(string value) { ..some logic; _bar = value; } In fact, they both compile to roughly the same thing. And the other alternative, because an object still usually needs some type of values would be: class Foo { Foo(string bar) { _bar = bar; } //Foo is the constructor } The benefit being that once an object is created, it is guaranteed to be in a valid state. But by classical OO an object represents state + behavior. So why not do both? Assign the value in the constructor to guarantee that the object is always in a valid state and use a property (if the object is an entity as opposed to a value object), when it needs to change? What's the purpose of the Slack desktop app? What does it do that the web app doesn't? Exactly. I can't think of any use case where I would want to use a desktop app that doesn't have the native performance of a real native solution instead of just using a web app. Show me your well structured code and well named unit tests and I won't need your flow charts. Show me your well defined normalized tables and I have all I need. But for the love of $entity please don't show me tons of business logic in stored procedures. I actually won't work for a company that expects me to build or maintain a product based on stored procs. I've reached a point where my default design is relational database augmented with memcache/redis. The relational DB is the authoritative source of truth, redis absorbs all (most) reads and memcache is, well a distributed cache. Writes go to both redis and relational. Redis data can always be rebuilt, and is regularly rebuilt, from relational data. I'm really becoming a big fan of CQRS/event sourcing where we have two read models - one NoSql for live data and one relational for BI/Reporting. Events are stored separately in JSON because that's how they come in anyway through the API. Does your code expect property "X" to be on a "Player" object? Do you put a check everywhere for when it doesn't? Do you have default value for objects that were created before new property was added Why would you put checks everywhere a properly written code base would have one module/service that handles the player object and every consumer would use that one module. I fell in love with Mongo when I first started using it 6 months ago - the whole NoSql thing appealed to me. Then I fell in love with Sql Server 2016's JSON support - the best of both worlds. When I did use Slack to communicate with remote coworkers. I just kept a tab open - with notifications turned on. Most of the time I was working with three monitors anyway. Now that I only use Slack to communicate with former coworkers I just keep it on my phone. But the GPs point was that by not keeping a consistent schema you end up moving the definition of the data into the application, and you need to be very aware of the trade-off. Why wouldn't the defaults be in the application? Why wouldn't it be treated like any other piece of business logic in code that should be unit tested? That being said, I only caught the NoSQL religion about six months ago when I started using Mongo. But SQL Server 2016 has such great support for JSON natively, as long as I'm spending other people's money, I prefer having the best of both worlds. With logic being in code: * it is easily unit tested * all source code is one place that can be branched, versioned, merged, deployed, rolled back, diffed, code reviewed, approved with pull request etc. Guess which is faster for continuous testing - being able to mock out your Entity Framework context and use an in memory representation of your table via Lists or constantly running an ungodly stored proc against the database? Harder to unit test, harder to merge, harder to roll back... You can't tell me that you can run a full suite of database dependent tests as you can run a bunch of in memory tests that mock the database queries. How do you handle 5 - 10 devs working concurrently if they are all running tests? How about we check our data in the place where it lives given how very robust and mature products that do that were already written, tested, and used in production by literally thousands of people for decades. So by "checking data" can we check all of the business constraints? That's much more complicated than just mocking your context in unit tests.... https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/dn314429(v=vs.113).... Go down to "Testing Query Scenerios". I've wrapped the four "mockset.As" lines into one extension method to make it a lot less verbose. No need to guess. Run all of your unit tests without mocking out your DbContext and add the following .... context.Database.Log = log.Info Where Log.info is just a method that accepts a string and take a look at the log file generated from your unit tests. A few things: 1. An "idea" is nothing. An "idea" is not a competitive advantage. If it does take off in even the slightest, Facebook will just copy it, throw resources behind it and crush them. 2. What is their "unfair advantage"? From what I can tell none of them are developers, designers, or have a network of people that they can leverage in the industry. I, like most other people here, have what I think is a great idea for business. I'm not going to quit my relatively well paying job for it or risk my family's well being for it. I'm going to talk to people I know in the industry I'm targeting, I'm going to personally use my skill set to develop the web site and the backend on nights and weekends and host it on AWS. After I do the first rough design using Bootstrap. I'm sure I can scrounge up enough money to find a real designer to do high fidelity mock ups that I can use to make a presentable site. The most realistic case is that it will turn into a little extra income. Worse case, I'm out of a few hundred bucks in AWS hosting cost, spent some time getting better at a few technologies, and I have a portfolio of well designed code I can show when I'm interviewing. CQRS is not rocket science. In any case, your schema for your reporting database is usually different from your online database. What does irk me though is all the "channels" with "free" apps that you have to verify your cable sub for... I mean, aren't they still going to show the ads anyway? The top and mid tier cable channels make much of their money off of carriage fees with the cable companies. If they offered their content free over the internet, the cable companies could just stop paying it and offer all of the customers a Roku box, a custom app for the channels they wanted to carry and let customers stream the other content for free. The last 3 jobs I've had is to rearchitect a badly written non scaleable, brittle system, with no unit tests to one that was better architected with automated testing. They tried to get away with cheap (domestic) coders and people who were at the company for 20 years. Target the largest customer base, so they get 30% of the biggest potential income. That means selling at a low price, because most customers will only pay low prices, and all customers prefer low prices. This teaches customers that software’s average value is low. As software developers, why target the largest customer base instead of creating a product that people are willing to pay money for and target people who can and will spend money? Apple doesn't target people who are only willing to buy a $60 unlocked phone or a cheap computer. Apple Stores are usually located in the most affluent areas in the country. Build a universal app (iPhone and iPad versions, in the same package) to increase the attractiveness and convenience of owning multiple iOS devices. You’ll earn a “+” in your app’s buy-button on the Store. This teaches customers that supporting multiple devices isn’t something to pay extra for. I wouldn't pay twice for the same app to run on my 13" laptop and my desktop, why should I pay twice for the same app for my iPhone and iPad? Provide regular updates, at no cost; so much so that there’s no mechanism for paid upgrades at all. This teaches customers that they should expect free upgrades for life, no matter how little they paid for the software initially. It's clunky, but app developers are doing paid upgrades via app bundles. Make exactly one sale of an app per person, ever, regardless of the number of devices they own, how often the app has been updated since they last used it, and so on. This also teaches customers that they’re entitled to come back to a free app at any point in the future, no matter how long ago they paid for it. How is that different from any other software? I can still run old Win95 software today. Sell only through their store, with their distribution mechanism, their product page design and user flow, and their 30% cut — which doesn’t provide for marketing or discovery of any kind beyond searchability, and the very small chance of being featured in some way. It's always been the responsibility of the producer to market their products and make it stand out. Coke and Pepsi don't depend on the stores to advertise for them. The majority of customers probably have no idea that the price they pay for an app is almost 43% higher than the amount the developer will receive, before tax (i.e. that Apple takes 30% off the top). I think consumers know there is a markup to what they buy in a store. Unless you're selling a game, selling an app in the store is not the way to make money. The companies that make money from apps are using the apps as a front end for a service consumers want. I made more money in 2008 as a "mobile developer" working on Windows CE devices for a company that produced a service that other customers want than most indie app developers make today. The Republican Congress is blocking a Republican administration from cracking down on states' rights. This is something only Jeff Sessions wants. That's a great explanation. After we got married, my wife and I tried to both hold demanding jobs. She had been a single mother so she had to work a job that made enough to support her household. That didn't work for our marriage or our children. She took a lower paying job in education that she enjoys, with great health insurance that allowed her to have the same schedule as our children. That allowed me to focus on work, taking great jobs with no benefits (contracting), and it was best for the whole family. If her passion hadn't been around working with kids and she had been a job that required her to work long hours, I don't see how we could have managed. It was a win/win decision. We both got to have fulfilling jobs we enjoyed. I've also seen it go the other way, especially in tech. Where the wife had a demanding job where she had to travel a lot and the husband was a developer who made sure he had a job where he could work from home when he needed to. Don't give Gassée too much credit. It was under his leadership that Apple decided to overprice the Mac and chase after revenue and they let MS and Windows take over -- almost killing Apple. It's a little bit of both for me. I work for a large company with a small IT department where I'm the architect. My job involves about 50% development and 50% interacting with the business. I can't be as affective working from home when I'm wearing my "architect" hat, but I'm more effective as a developer working from home. I worked at a satellite office with my whole team working 29@ miles away. I became close to my original team and we worked together well. On the other hand, trying to gain any influence over the larger organization was almost impossible, especially after the manager who hired me left. http://money.cnn.com/calculator/pf/income-rank/ If you have a household income of $150K you are in the top 13% of earners. It's always an option to move. There are plenty of opportunities outside of SV. http://www.businessinsider.com/cities-us-software-engineer-r... I can personally tell you that salaries for your run of the mill enterprise senior softwares developer is between $120K and $145K in Atlanta and you can easily buy a house in the burbs with a good school system for less than $400k. From what I've seen, the same is true for at least the Dallas/Ft. Worth area. The mortgage interest deduction doesn't help the middle class that much with today's low interest rate. If you're married filing jointly, your standard deduction is already $12000 -- which is more than you would pay in interest the first year on a $300,000 mortgage at 4% interest. The median price of a home is $188,00 ( http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/4957604 ). What I really don't get is why isn't the free market working? It seems like other cities in other states would compete for high tech jobs aggressively enough to make companies willing to move to cheaper areas where they could pay their employees less and the employees have a better cost of living. Whats the viable alternative to Google Search? Sure you can use Bing as a customer, but if you're a website operator you HAVE to stay on Google's good side. (not always easy to do) Or you can not base your business on the fickleness of Google's search algorithms. Ben Thompson (stratechery.com) posts one article per week publically and charged $100 a year for his newsletter. The only time he gave numbers, he has over 2000 subscribers. There are other ways to build a business that don't depend on search. Whats the viable alternative to Adsense? Especially when it comes to many Geo's that are hard to monetize. If you are in a certain niche, find a publication or a podcast that serves that niche and make a direct connection to them. Marco Arment - a one man development shop - created his own podcast based advertising platform that is doing well. What's the viable alternative to Android The viable alternative to Android is...Android. Many companies are forking the AOSP version of Android and running their own services, including Amazon in the U.S. and a few companies in developing markets. The danger Google faces is not that a company will come up with a better search engine, it's that people will start using search engines less as mobile takes over along with digital assistants that give you the information you want. Facebook is already seen as a place for old people and young people may have a FB page but they aren't posting to it because their parents are on it. Google only guaranteed support for two years. Not exactly what I would call "longevity". Yes and there are plenty of houses that couldn't get water from the municipality and got their water from a well. My grandparents had a well for 30 years. Or you can not base your business on the fickleness of your phone company's /ISP algorithms. Google is a much as 90% of referrals for many websites Business 101 is that you're always in trouble if you depend on one supplier for the majority of your business. The second example I have is John Gruber (daringfireball.com). He never sold ads based on the number of active visitors. He sells one RSS sponsorship at the beginning of the week and a thank you post at the end of the week. His revenue wasn't affected when he lost half his readership. I never understood how 'SoC manufacture X doesn't release updates for that SoC' translates into 'we can't update/support this device anymore Apple uses some third party chips but they haven't had that problem. Currently, iOS 10.3 supports the iPhone 5 - released in 2012. I suspect that iOS 11 when it comes out in September will keep support for all 64 bit iPhones. That would mean the iPhone 5s introduced in 2013 will be supported until September 2018. Whoever said that building a sucessful business "should be easy"? The two examples I gave John Gruber and Ben Thompson are both one man shops who built businesses based on writing articles that people wanted to read and building a reputation. In Gruber's case, he built a reputation strong enough that he routinesly gets Apple's SVPs to come on his podcast. He doesn't depend on an ad network. He sells ads directly - one per week. Ben Thompson built a strong enough following just based on reputation to get over 2000 people to pay him $100 a year for a newsletter. How "risky" is it to start a blog on the side until you get enough readership to figure out a business model? No mention of the irony of someone who doesn't use Google Play Services because he only uses open source software being willing to attach a device to his car, running closed source software, that tracks everything he does in his car? What is a "multi-tier" engineering vision? Why the focus on married women earning less than single women instead of focusing on household income? Even if the single woman earns more than a married woman. For the most part, a married couple should have more disposable income after living expenses than her single counterpart. Married couples have a greater per capita net worth than their single counterpart. In our case, because of choices we made together, my wife earns a little over 10K less than she did when she was single 5 years ago, but because I could depend on her to carry health insurance and she has more flexible schedule, that helps our family, I was able to switch jobs aggressively and I earn roughly $50,000 more than I did before we got married. We are both better off. https://www.forbes.com/2006/07/25/singles-marriage-money-cx_... https://www.google.com/amp/www.today.com/amp/money/why-marri... Once they are married, the couples also are able to take advantage of economies of scale – anything from buying just one dishwasher to relying on one another’s health insurance. That allows them to build wealth more quickly than their peers who are single, divorced or living together romantically. For example, a married man may be able to work 12 hours a day to please his bosses and get promoted, because he and his wife can divide household duties so he can get ahead. That’s not as much of an option for a single parent. And I've seen the situation play out differently. I just left a job that basically had a 100% work from home policy. It paid slightly less than average for our geographic area, but the men chose to sacrifice maximizing their income to work from home because their spouses had jobs that required them to work late or travel frequently. I would assume that most well functioning couples work together to optimize their career ambitions, lifestyle choices, and family relationships. Isn't that a lifestyle choice that spouses make together - whether to have kids, devote more time to each other, pursue their careers, etc.? He didn't just log in and start snooping. He defrauded the company while he was there and then used the credentials to deface the web site. And as unpopular as the idea is with geeks, I think this illustrates the need for a "walled gardened" for the majority of users where each app is sandboxxed. Something like this couldn't happen on iOS, ChromeOS or Windows 10s. Most non developers would be served perfectly fine with a locked down OS. How does it "empower" big companies? With app stores, distribution is easier and people are more likely to download an app knowing that it won't install malware, they have fine grained control over what the app can do (at least on iOS) and they can pay just buy putting their thumb on the fingerprint sensor. Compare that to distributing apps on the internet where you have to trust each software provider with your credit card credentials and even if you do trust the vendor, there is a certain amount of friction just entering your payment information all over the internet. I much prefer handling all of my subscriptions through iTunes even for services that use other places like Hulu, Netflix, and PluralSight. Did you ever try to distribute a mobile J2ME app on mobile before the Apple and Google app stores? I know indie PC developers love Steam. I'm very hestitant to download random software on Windows because of crapware/malware. I'll download iOS apps with abandon from the shadiest developers because I know they can't really do that much harm. I can understand the idea of worrying about government waste at the federal level or even the state level, but you can see exactly where your taxes go at the local level and especially in small towns, the politicians aren't some remote out of touch folks that you never see. I moved away from my hometown of about 100,000 people 20 years ago, but I could probably get in touch with most of the politicians there through family connections. In fact, the current mayor is the mother of one of my best friends. I go to her house almost every Christmas to see my friend. On top of that, a lot of times like in the case of the library, you know exactly where the tax increases are going. State taxes already aren't tax deductible for the middle class. The standard deduction for a married couple is $12000. If you have a mortgage on average price house* ($185,000), you're not clearing enough in mortgage interest and state taxes to make itemizing worthwhile. I know there are other deductions, but I still doubt that the average middle income household ($60,000/year) is clearing over $12,000 in deductions. http://www.deptofnumbers.com/income/us/ http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/4957604 Look at all of the open source software that is there for the common good, but is still hijacked with crapware by places like SourceForge and Download.com. You can even search for Windows drivers and instead of getting drivers from the manufacturer, you end up with malware from a third party site. And the article said it would be a pretty good Plex Server as long as you don't care about transcoding. Doesn't that kind of defeat the purpose of a Plex Server? If I wanted a small single use, flexible, media server, I would get an Nvidia Shield for $200. I have an old Core 2 Duo 2.66Ghz laptop that can handle 2 streams transcoding at once with Plex. You can buy a refurb Core 2 Duo for less than $200. Why bother with an Atom? My first two programming languages were AppleSoft Basic and 65C02 assembly language. Like the Quora answer, I learned from books. My first was the official AppleSoft Basic programming language book from Apple, then InCider, the library, Beagle Bros books, etc. My first real job as a developer was in C and then C++. I had good college textbooks that I reference and Stroustrap's The C++ Programming Language . But even as early as 1992 I had access to Usenet and various comp.lang.* groups. Today, usually I get by with PluralSight videos, MSDN articles, and Google where I put the obtuse error message in and usually Stack Overflow is the first link. Unlike the bad old days where it use to be Expertsexchange. And you expect everyone to know this? Sourceforge caught a lot of tech savvy people by surprise when they first started doing this. What do most non devs gain by an "open system" that a well functioning App Store that forces apps to be sandboxed where the user has to grant permissions individually to apps? It's not about a level of quality. I can ask for my money back if the software sucks. I know when I download an app from the iOS App Store, exactly what the app is and is not allowed to do based on the sandboxxing that IOS does. I also know that the app won't have access to my private information without me giving it explicit permission when it tries to use it. The "third party" I'm more concerned about is the random app developer. iOS prevents random developers from having access to files, the camera, the microphone, my music library, my location, contacts, my browsing history,using cellular data, draining my battery by processing in the background, etc. without me giving explicit permission. Even ad blockers on iOS don't have access to my browsing history and you can disable third party keyboards from having network access. I think you're right, with the operative phrase being big budget . The only time I go to the movies is to see big budget, special effects laden films -- or strangely enough horror movies. I don't see anything controversial about encrypting media you rent. The whole canard about DRM is that you don't own the media. You're not paying for ownership of Netflix videos. You're paying for access. Netflix's originals are mostly terrible. http://fortune.com/2016/09/16/emmys-preview-netflix/ I have been developing professionally for 20 years and I'm in my early 40s. What I've learned: * Salary compression is real: most companies are not going to keep giving you raises to match what the market would give you for your skills. They would rather you leave and take all of the institutional knowledge with you than pay you the amount you could get elsewhere. Even if that means hiring someone else at market value. * Don't get comfortable at a company to the point you're not getting new experiences and learning new skills. Don't become a dinosaur. * Even if you don't want to become a manager, when the time is right and you have the right skill set, demand a title with "architect" or equivalent in it. Titles are B.S. but people listen to developers with "architect" as part of their title. I insisted on the title and now I'm being recruited for much higher salaries even though I had the same responsibilities as a "senior". * Good local recruiters are your friends. They can tell you salary ranges for a job and they do a lot of the hard work for you. * know how to calculate your contract rate if you're doing contract work. Your rate will be different if you are a W2 contractor vs a 1099 contractor. Take into account self employment taxes (1099), the lack of PTO, the time between contracts etc. * Whether you are a contract or perm, realize that you are still your own company. Your employer is your customer. Do you your best work but never feel a sense of loyalty that keeps you from jumping ship for higher pay. They don't have any loyalty to you. Atlanta I've never had a recruiter that submitted me to a company without my permission. I also don't post my resume. I only give it to recruiters after talking to them and knowing the company they represent. How? No cable just gigabit internet from AT&T for $70 a month so... Hulu, Netflix, CBS All Access, Sling TV. Amazon Prime Backblaze JetBrains - only R# Pluralsight I've personally experienced working with a junior dev who changed careers into development, had a desire to learn but just couldn't grasp the logical concept of development. I've also seen self taught developers - mostly "database developers" - who had the aptitude to break problems down logically and get something working but their code was unmaintanable except by them (barely), didn't scale, and required manual intervention for failure cases. On the other hand, I've known plenty of business analysts who spend most of their time documenting processing and working with customers who could easily move into development. They seem to have a natural aptitude when it comes to breaking problems down logically. Some people just can't learn to code. Their mind doesn't operate that way. No one would ever say that why don't people learn how to sing or play sports because those can be high paying careers, because most people understand that not everyone has the natural talent to do so. Why does everyone think that anyone can learn how to be a developer?