This is good advice for a novice, but I have to say from my experience I pretty vehemently disagree. I suppose there's a sort of spectrum of programmer personality types that may help to explain the disagreement. Please forgive me of I am prone to hyperbole in my description. One type of programmer says "never rewrite a function if it exists in a library". They do this in part because they are not confident in their own abilities (see disclaimer about hyperbole), and generally trust code if it's written by somebody else. Another type is more of a cowboy. The cowboy wants to write everything from scratch, for the opposite reasons - because they don't trust code not written by them. Someone who reliably adheres to only one of these extremes at all times is probably not a good person to work with. However, both of these motivations do have some basis in fact and practicality. On the one hand, use of libraries gets the job done quickly and can save you some headaches. On the other hand, there are some pretty bad to horrible libraries out there, many of them quite popular; introducing dependency on the library can add considerable complexity, code size, and weaken your own "whole-program" understanding of what's going on. I'd say that being distrustful of dubious library dependencies is a good thing. In practice, even your libc is not necessarily going to be as well maintained as you suggest. The people who maintain such libraries might not have the motivation to do the sort of periodic performance tweaks and updating for the current era that you ascribe to them. They might have a working implementation and decide to stick with it as long as possible. (In my experience this is more common than your rosy picture.) That's fine for them but it doesn't mean the library will work for you, or help you meet your performance goals. One problem with your side of the spectrum is that the people who write the libraries aren't always perfect or even good authorities. You have to know when to let go of your trust in them. And especially, if I really need something to be faster and it's something that I can spend a few hours on, benchmark, and either decide to take or maybe just revert and go back to the library... Well then yes, I'm going to take a crack at it. One can always revert it later. > standard library functions as often as you think -- you're wrong. I know for certain that Linux, Windows, and Solaris all receive continual updates for new hardware platforms for their standard library. Well I was actually speaking from experience here. I might be more willing to believe you for something like memcpy(), but as an example (and the one I was thinking of), the Windows CRT is generally in pretty poor shape. I've also seen some crufty things in libc trees from some of the *BSDs. I'm not certain he had another metric in mind, but it seemed plausible that he may be suggesting that test score performance did not actually increase after No Child Left Behind, or that an increased emphasis on test scores in the last decade had not had a positive measurable impact, even on an imperfect measure like test scores. I don't know what the actual data say but it seems like that was the avenue he was going down. I do think it was a mistake for the parent to refer to it as "petty". Maybe some of it is petty, but a lot of it are valuable skills that you learn on the job . But that is the key phrase, "on the job". I know I personally didn't go to school to fit all these check boxes. It seems like a poor choice to me that you and your classmates would (1) enter into a CS program without much interest in CS, then (2) blame the field of study for not being interesting to you. I for one am glad I got a CS degree (for the CS degree's sake) and thankful for what I was exposed to in those years. These other check boxes? Sure they are valuable. That's what my first job was for. I'll agree that WinRT is not complete, but that's hardly COM's fault. The real story is that they thought they could replace decades of development platform evolution in a 3 year development cycle. And even in that 3 years, they didn't think things through very well, or make many attempts to learn from history. With that I would disagree that it's a good/bad, .NET/COM axis. Many programmers are productive with Win32 and COM in ways that they are not with WinRT. I did work in a Sinofsky org. I was an individual contributor and didn't have a flashy title. What I saw was a man that maintained a sizable gap between reputation/rhetoric and reality. The man who supposedly cleaned up Windows did so largely by taking credit for the work of COSD, which he didn't run. For all he would amusedly repeat the phrase "don't ship the org chart", we pretty much ... shipped the org chart. During the big re-org he seemed very precise about getting a fixed number of reports on each team and having a constant tree height in all parts of the org chart, but during the (overly long) planning phase and during development he never seems to have asked the right questions of the folks doing the Modern UI or WinRT, such as "dude, what the fuck are you building?", or "does this shit make sense?" He empowered what is in the end a very dopey PM organization. He and his people would also veto stuff if it depended on non-Sinofsky divisions. He was also a staunch advocate of not doing things right the first time, and letting it become someone else's problem in a future release. I also recall he wrote in a blog post that it should be expected that people in their early 20s work unreasonably long hours and have no social life, and that expectation was clear if you looked at the rank and file of many important teams: lots of kids right out of college doing the work that you'd expect someone more experienced to have some role in, or at least mentor; I saw a fair number of regressions and crappy features result from this approach. Years ago some commenter on the "Mini Microsoft" blog called him "The George W. Bush of Microsoft". I tend to agree. It's been some years since I read it so perhaps my memory is hazy. This is the part I found most objectionable: > In other words, no matter how many hours you are officially supposed to work when you are new you will put in a lot more to get those projects done. That is ok. No, that is expected because you are going through the learning phase. Your learning is not happening on a practice field but is happing in the big show. So the extra hours and effort are worth it to you and the team. Then later: > Microsoft will feel a lot like college in terms of the hours you put in and the environment you work in. It will be fun. It will mean late nights. It will mean "hanging out". All of those same things. That was my experience and when I look around I see the same thing happening now. Even though your excerpt makes what I would call a more correct point, I still think the above is uncool. Reading it several years ago put me off severely and coming back to it I still think he was wrong to put it that way, even if he partially redeems himself later. I read it as "it's OK and good for low-paid college grads to overwork themselves, but later you won't want to do that." The complaint about typedefs and Win32 is kind of odd. These are style choices that libraries and large projects should be entitled to make. I used to work at MS and grew very comfortable (and appreciative) of the stylistic choices in the NT kernel (distinct from the Win32 style, one key difference is much less Hungarian notation). But I can jump back into more typical-of-*nix styles with ease. Or the more Win32 style if preferred. I think it's important to see the merits and drawbacks of various style decisions in a non-judgmental fashion, and be able to switch back and forth depending on the code base you're working in. It's a mistake to confuse style and convention with "not being real C". Different doesn't mean not real. Less legacy, eh? Well, I guess there has been less emphasis on compatibility throughout the years, but NeXTSTEP is older than Windows NT... You must be thinking of the POSIX subsystem. NT's design was meant to have several personalities, of which Win32 was one, OS/2 was one, and POSIX was one, supposedly on equal footing. The POSIX subsystem still exists, I believe you can get it by the control panel under "Programs and Features", "Turn Windows features on or off", and when you check the box it directs you to a website to get GNU tools to run on top of it. (This part used to come from a company called Interix, acquired by MS in '99 according to Wikipedia.) I felt NT was an apt comparison because not only is it the basis for the current Windows, it also was their first 32-bit offering, i.e. where stuff got serious. 16-bit Windows was a fairly different beast. 9x was certainly influential but (1) is now dead and (2) came after NT, borrowed lots from NT in the beginning. In light of this, drawing comparisons between 1.0 and Win8 doesn't seem all that appropriate to me. Is it me or is publishing a list like this a bad idea? I'm thinking these 50+ (or maybe the first few, since people generally stop reading or get lazy) will be flooded with requests, thereby decreasing the odds that they'll actually pay attention to yours. Basically I read it as "quick fix! get publicity here!" which is probably not a great attitude to encourage. My point was the legacy is there and it's pretty large, should not be understated. Apple may not care so much about compatibility between releases or with NeXT binaries from 1987 (though I don't think Windows code from '87 works so well on NT either), but the old code is there and if your argument is that sort of thing doesn't help binary compatibility, then that's a problem. I was making my point in shorthand fashion, so I didn't even touch on Mach which is very old as well. People have this impression that OS X is flashy and new and immune to or not experienced in code rot, and I didn't think it rings all that true. The asynchronicity stuff has made it into many a presentation, but it's not really about that. If it were all about async maybe someone can tell me why they're not allowing I/O completion ports and APCs. It's about not trusting developers, and rooted in an overreaction to the perceived problems in the existing Win32 ecosystem. You can do async I/O with Win32 just fine, but Microsoft now believes you're too stupid to do it. Also, there is a port of sqlite to WinRT. In 2000, someone gave me a 386 desktop that they were about to throw out, and I ran OpenBSD on it until 2005 or so. (I was a student, so getting new hardware was more of a big deal then.) To get it working I had to recompile the kernel (which I did on a "more capable" Celeron 366) without support for newfangled hardware such as USB and PCI in order to have enough memory to boot and log in in a tolerable amount of time. (Otherwise too painful due to swap.) So I was pretty grateful at the time that it was still working, even though what I was doing was, now I can say with the benefit of hindsight, pretty crazy. Can someone put a moratorium on startup names that end in "-y" or "-ly"? After a few of these it gets irritating. Maybe the next one will be called "obnoxiously". Got some downvotes pretty quick. Didn't expect such a negative reaction so fast. I'm relatively new on this site; now I have some idea of how well the HN community takes this kind of humor. So thanks. To be clear my comment was meant to be taken as a joke, not meant to be hostile. This is what bothers me about a lot of programmer communities these days. What is a very mundane detail of K&R legacy, that C programmers know very well either from looking at old source trees or making sense of error messages, suddenly turns into something where 116 people (current stack overflow +1 count) are totally amazed and breathless that they've discovered something deep. I suppose it's fair if they just don't know C, so they've not seen it and find it interesting, but could this person's dilemma not be resolved with a simple google search? Or even taking a guess? Is it me or was that some pretty fast turnaround? Kudos to you, sir. I'll agree that JNI is inelegant, but having recently written a small amount of JNI glue with the NDK for a hobby/side project, I have to say, once you get going it won't be a big deal. If that's really the only barrier to an Android port, I say bite the bullet, sit down and do it. Having worked in a large C code base that was occasionally tainted with this approach (rooted only because people have been told to avoid goto as dogma), I have to say that goto is a better approach to emulate try-finally or RAII in C. For one, the goto will read better as a single piece of prose, there will be no need to glance over at some other function to see the free call. Second, let's say your function has 2 allocations and a lock acquisition - that means your cleanup function needs a pointer to each, usually done with parameters. Add an extra allocation? New parameter to the cleanup function. This gets messy, fast, in a way that the goto does not. I personally consider myself a Biden fan. I have witnessed him talk sense on a number of issues in ways many politicians do not. (Example: several statements on Iraq, from before it was common in US politics to think that war was a bad idea.) The "Biden is dumb" narrative IMO mainly comes from DC-based press that exaggerates gaffes (real and perceived) and tends to blindly re-state existing DC press narratives. I think the real story here is that US senator is not a good qualification for understanding crypto or technology as a whole. I don't believe that Biden inserted this language out of maliciousness. So our task then becomes to educate our representatives, or if it gets to that point on a single issue vote them out, though my impression is that Biden's opponents are also unlikely to understand crypto or do anything different about what is honestly something of a fringe issue - my vote this year was certainly not about sound crypto policy, and I doubt yours was either. In some circles this isn't a popular sentiment, but rest in peace, netbook. Put a minimal Linux distro and a light X setup on it and you've got a very usable machine for ~$300 or less. I guess when my current one breaks I'll have to resort to Debian arm on an android tablet, or similar. After reading this thread I can't get them out. Thanks. > The only need might be some bit-banging code for interfacing with external hardware. Atomic primitives are another reason to do inline assembly, though since recent GCC (and probably LLVM - though I haven't looked into it) provides CPU-agnostic atomic ops this isn't as big a deal as it used to be. (C++11 also probably would help, though I'm not sure how the adoption has been in mobile SDKs.) Pretty sure inline asm is also still common for SIMD ops. Although the sane approach there would be to have a generic C implementation to fall back on if there is no optimized one present. > in California you can show someone the door because they hum out of tune if you want, Really? So you can show them the door for anything then? In California, can you fire someone for their racial background? For their gender? For their age? Religion? Family status? I suspect a lot of this thread is just a bunch of software types pretending to know what the law is (myself included). Best advice on this whole discussion: talk to a lawyer. As someone who's happy writing C, has written a lot of C at work and at home, I have to say "C fad" sounds a bit weird. What I see talking to people and looking at forums (this one for example) is the exact opposite of a C fad. Frankly I wish it were the other way. I encounter fewer and fewer people with C knowledge, and especially fewer people who say they are happy writing C. New college grads sure as hell don't graduate in large numbers knowing C, even if a good chunk of them can churn out acceptable Java. I live in San Francisco now, but I used to live in SLU before it was Amazon-land. The phrase "one of the many SLU lunch trucks" sounds absolutely ridiculous to me. I used to get frustrated at so few lunch options around there. I was back recently; there's a lot that's new and a lot still in transition; it's funny to see things change in such a short time. > People need to stop excusing the federal government for the monster that it really is. As the son of a federal employee, I feel I should address this specific sentence. Let's not confuse a couple of jerks for the entirety of the federal government. Many large organizations produce stupid, indefensible actions but I feel like your phrasing is overly broad. Looking at those edits in particular, they do appear to make the post more readable. Nothing wrong with correcting some small grammar issues and adding a few links to explain the terms used. I think the attitude that the Stack Exchange folks are trying to foster with the edits is to not have a lot of ego involved. It's not a place for ee cummings to demonstrate his personal preference of punctuation. It's more wiki-like. You need to gain a substantial amount of rep before you can edit other people's answers, which one would think filters most of the less tasteful edits. (I'd say edits on answers are actually pretty rare. Edits on questions are more common because lots of unclear questions are asked by people with poor English skills and people who aren't yet familiar with the conventions on the site.) I won't say that everything the Stack Exchange people have done is perfect or well thought out but the editing of other people's content is certainly interesting and I think it's rare that it's used poorly or offensively. Actually, he already wrote the TLDR summary for you. It was: "If you summarize your idea in your first sentence, writing "TLDR" is superfluous." He wrote the TLDR summary, he just didn't preface it with TLDR. That to me is the great thing about this article. He's following his recommended practice to illustrate the point. Or if it's being sent from, say, Switzerland. http://54.243.29.30/img/assange/assange_parcel_front.jpg I've lived in both places. Back in college I also lived with someone who was allergic. That changes my reaction a bit, I think. It makes the people who bring their dogs on transit, to the bar or to the supermarket look like jerks. How much of that is just that when you move to a place, these sorts of differences are conversation starters? When I decided to move I was painfully aware of the cost of living and housing issues. They factored heavily into my decision and I made sure the numbers added up. When I got here, did I still complain about it to anyone who'd ask, and some who didn't? You bet. Also, though by the time I got to SF I had been out west for a while already, let's not forget that for many of us east coasters, complaining is a big part of the culture. :-) For some odd reason (I think it was cited in a Wikipedia article or something) I happened to be reading Carmack's .plan file from 1998 this week: http://fd.fabiensanglard.net/doom3/pdfs/johnc-plan_1998.pdf In it, he mentioned that he was getting rid of the last of id's NeXT hardware that year. Seemed to me like pretty late to be doing that, but hey, I can also see not wanting to let go of them. His old writings were definitely an interesting time capsule. He writes about Windows NT being, ironically, the best platform to write OpenGL at the time. He writes about Apple's Rhapsody (first impressions: he liked the NeXTiness but was skeptical of Carbon/Classic; then later, he writes that he's more satisfied with it after a deeper look). He writes in passing about trips to Apple and talking up OpenGL to Steve Jobs. Maybe it's just the fact that I'm a DC native that I react this way, but what exactly are you talking about? The federal government does a fine job at a great many things with low overhead, lest you'd be getting all your mail via FedEx. I recall during the big health care debate, there was the statistic going around that the overhead of medicare was 2%, vs. somewhere around 30% for private insurance. (What those people spend on advertising alone could pay all of that "bureaucracy".) Readers of this site should be keenly aware of these issues and what they're really about; we work in an industry with rampant age discrimination where people are encouraged to spend their early 20s working all night to make someone else rich, people routinely burn out before 30 ... do you expect to be pulling all-nighters at your Rails startup at 70? No? Then you should pay attention and get pissed off about this stuff. > implementations of stdio in libc generally do the right thing Tell me, what is the "right thing" for stdio to do when it sees EINTR? It strikes me that this can't really be solved at the library level. There are times when you'll want to retry and there are times when you'll want to drop your work and surface the error to the caller. Doesn't seem to me like a library can decide which is which. Which is probably why the I/O syscalls need to surface it in the first place. (I'd argue if a library like stdio, which does nothing but wrap syscalls and buffer stuff, can decide it, then there's no need for EINTR to exist at all because the syscall could theoretically make the same decisions.) Yes, I'm aware, "almost always". Not always, though. I was thinking specifically of an application that might want to use signals to cancel blocking I/O and continue running. (PS: When I wrote my reply I was also already familiar with your linked article, the challenges of signal safety, and the signalfd() syscall. Surely an interesting set of topics but I still maintain that a library doesn't really have a "good" way to deal with EINTR, especially if all it does is wrap read or write.) Can't you see that what you cite is exactly the problem? The people in your level band, including the ones in your hallway that you work with every day, are your competition. I was a dev in Windows from 2008 to late 2011. Many comments from Mini MSFT resonated with me. My review history was never bad, but knowing precisely who in my peer group got more money (by watching title changes) and knowing which talented, hardworking devs got shafted (by private conversations) was really bad for my morale. Every review period I'd reliably see the same set of folks (manager's favorites) get regular title changes for doing crap work, and the same bright hardworking people doing the "real work" would be given some lame excuse (if not outright set up for failure) and told to just reach a little higher next year. It stings. Never mind the outright stupidity of a system where a theoretical "dream team" of 10 hardworking, talented, best in class individuals would need to have 1 go without a bonus every year. Maybe they'll be more diplomatic than what I'm writing, but I don't know anyone at Microsoft whose opinion I respect that won't concede these points or admit that there's a problem. Hmm, reading it I think I see where criticism comes from; my impression is that I, personally, will most likely stick to sed, grep, sh, etc. But does that make the author a bad person? Worthy of ridicule for having thrown it online? Of course not. This is just a silly script, of the variety that most of us probably have sitting around in somewhere $HOME. It's not worth getting worked up over. The ultimate irony is, I wonder how the critics would feel about the code of sed and grep. Have they bothered to look? I myself do have these loud, exaggerated, critical attitudes towards code quality, but at some point I realized that most of the code I rely on every day is probably not up to my standards, and yet I still willingly rely on it. A younger self might have been tempted to re-write all of it, but I only have one lifetime to do such things and I'm already busy as it is. There is a time for rewrites on the basis of code quality, I would advocate for it where it is constructive or even simply satisfying, but at some point you have to admit that many (most?) times you will have to pass on this impulse. For a long time OS X didn't have `pkill`. I think it's there now with 10.8, but was missing for too many years. I remember the one weird thing was that `killall` used to behave weirdly on commercial Unix. It would ignore its arguments and simply attempt to kill all processes. It's been a long time since I've logged into such a system, but it was then that I got used to typing `pkill`. Last few times I've seen Phoronix articles my impression is honestly "this is a troll website, right?" But I was pretty surprised by the attitude that surfaced very early in the linked thread on the GCC list, too. Outwardly hostile, as if to say, "well damn, you losers sure better catch up with LLVM right this instant, otherwise you're making lame excuses". I don't have any involvement in either project (other than the fact that I've used and appreciated both compilers), but this strikes me to fundamentally misunderstand open source. Does LLVM have to fail for GCC to succeed? I'm not sure why "getting the memory management right" is the hard part, or why it's any more or less hard than general C programming practice. For example a closure object with a reference count that releases references on its contained objects when destroyed seems like a perfectly workable pattern. (I'd be surprised if that's not how the glib closures are supposed to work, knowing that glib like many general-purpose C libraries is pretty big on reference counting.) NSInvocation in objc comes to mind, where IIRC the closure-like object can hold a reference to its arguments, though it's been years since I've used that... > I think if you have objects and a reference-counting GC already this problem is pretty easy, but I assume the C programmers don't want that for performance or portability or some other reason. Uh. Every large C code base I've worked with has had this in some form, usually fairly pervasively. I've mentioned glib as a library that exercises this heavily. In the Windows world this would also include COM. Kernel mode stuff on various platforms tends to do a lot of refcounting as well. Note that "reference counted object" is just a fancy word for "struct with an integer" - I feel like your phrases like "if you have objects" and "GC" strikes me as confusing this with other features in other languages, a sign that we're not entirely talking about the same thing. Edit after more time spent away from it: I guess to restate the original comment, what I was trying to say is that to an experienced C programmer closures don't make anything "more hard" - it's just the same memory allocation strategies that you'll be dealing with anyway, and there are already well understood solutions (such as having one of your struct fields be a reference count). There's also libffi, which I'm pretty sure also works by generating stub functions in executable pages, but has the advantage of having been ported to a bunch of platforms already, and hides the ugliness in a library. It's not very well known outside of Redmond, but windbg (provided as part of "Debugging Tools for Windows") is an excellent debugger. Steep learning curve, as the commands are cryptic to the uninitiated, but once you get the hang of it it's great. Visual Studio's debugger is absolute crap by comparison. As for a replacement for strace: http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/bb896645 Windows has a POSIX subsystem. It has fork. Not cygwin style. There is kernel support. > When a new version comes out, I wait for a hardware refresh and just get a new Mac Apple must love you. Please note my reply was meant to be taken as a joke. I expect most people don't need to refresh their Apple gear on a yearly basis, but that is a bit of the stereotype of an enthusiastic Apple fan, and your post can be taken humorously to fit that image. Of course with Apple the answer is always more hardware. :-) I could see them downplaying it early on - wasn't it the case that they only reluctantly introduced it in the first place? i.e. Rhapsody was originally envisioned with just the NeXT stuff, and it wasn't until they heard from developers that they decided to make some subset portable to the new environment. I also seem to recall (though I'm not an expert and I certainly don't have inside knowledge) that in those first few releases both Cocoa and Carbon were evolving, sometimes at different rates in different areas. Then I remember when Core Foundation and similar C-only APIs became a thing that people talked about, which as an onlooker of the platform kind of confused me at the time - was it an admission of some inadequacy of objc? I remember a time when java applets were cool. I don't think it's a bad idea entirely, just dated, and eclipsed by other technologies. I've not used the APIs in question, but I'm not sure how this can be totally unexpected, given the marketing promises and the actual technical goals. I read your comment as: "Transparent distributed storage? What could possibly go wrong!" I thought the Central Subway (4th and King to Chinatown) could improve this, if you could go from Powell to Caltrain without taking that long loop around the Bay (or walking, which can sometimes be quicker). But that probably won't be there for a while (anyone know the date?). What I'd most like to see from Caltrain is more frequent trains. It's annoying to arrive only a few seconds late (due to a Muni delay) and then have to wait an hour for the next one. The 9:36 southbound they introduced in October helps. I'd like to see more of this. Edit: Couldn't find actual completion date, so edited to reflect that fact. Edit 2: Was referring to this: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Central_Subway Edit 3 (Last one!): This page from a while back says service begins 2019 http://www.sfcta.org/delivering-transportation-improvements/... To be fair there are (just looked it up) 8 southbound trains between 7 and 9. After 9:07 it gets spotty. It's harder for me to make those early trains because in addition to not being much of a morning person (yes, for that I'm just whining), I also take Muni to get to the station which takes a while. I seem to recall Elliot Spitzer going after Merrill Lynch over nearly identical doublespeak back in 2002. Old news indeed. Sure, it's the developer being a retard. Not WinRT's fault for a model which pushes more complexity onto the apps than more straightforward multitasking would, in addition to the behaviors being difficult to test and discover. > Cursus Linguae Latinae Vivae (Course in the Living Latin Language) It's been a while since I studied it, but that looks like genitive case to me. I parse it as "Course of living Latin language". Sure, but an idiomatic translation of the genitive expression would probably drop prepositions entirely and say "Latin language course". I would not be surprised if the DC metro area is underrepresented in the tally because of people in or near the Beltway who vote Maryland and Virginia. - DC native living in California, former Seattle resident. You've got only 1 life, and even among a pool of the most bright, hardworking people (take a sample that works as many hours as you like), there's only so many Bill Gateses. I'm thinking just one. Even after all his success, I wouldn't be surprised if a guy like that now regrets some of how he spent his youth. I'm sure he could have done it just as well and been a little less crazy, had some more time outside the office. I'd be surprised if a rational person wouldn't admit that. Passion and determination are fine, but your idea (or my reading of it, anyway) that places outside the Bay Area are less worthy because they've got fewer kids willing to waste their life away ... it seems pretty low. I haven't read Thurrott too often, but in the few times that I have, I've actually been somewhat relieved that he does maintain some degree of cynicism about how the company works. I am a former Microsoft employee and I get irritated about a lot of MS boosterism I see on the web in recent years; it's hard to read and more dogmatically pro-MS than most MS employees I know. But Thurrott doesn't strike me as one of those people. He knows where some of the bodies are buried and isn't shy to voice concerns. Congrats, you just gave a more helpful introduction than the page. :-) I also remember seeing this around the year 2000. (One giveaway that it's written in a previous century: It mentions SunOS. Not Solaris, but SunOS. When's the last time you heard somebody talk about that?) At that point I was already familiar with sockets, and mainly found the guide memorable because the name "Beej" had a weird sound to it. It looks like he did put in a blurb about using libevent in order to use a more modern syscall under the hood - it's disappointing though that he didn't explain why epoll and kqueue are better though, people who are new to this would be much better served by that than by any code samples involving select(). Aside from the obvious (and deplorable) sexism, I feel like there's some other flaws in this kid's thinking. 1. Does everyone who gets an interview or gets hired at some recognizable name necessarily do so because they're good at what they do? This kid seems to think that if he got an interview somewhere, it must mean he's good; that only those who have reached his own idea of his own skills can reach it. He's not yet learned that incompetent programmers get hired all the time, even at the companies you might look up to as a college kid. 2. While he's trying to justify his mental model of #1 above (if you got the interview, you must be worthy, or else ...), did he not think to ask questions like "maybe you just got that interview because of Stanford"? Not sure why he jumps straight to gender, when there are a bunch of other screwed up and not necessarily justified factors that can impact your ability to get your foot in the door. If you wrote an application that does nothing but call SetFileAttributes I suspect you've not heard of the attrib command. Most of this is just "it's different, wah." Maybe it's not so bad to people who are used to it the other way. Maybe to some the dotfiles are the weird thing. Sounds like something that turns companies into Microsoft. People become obsessed with their scores and their peers' scores. They're wrapped up in internal competition and compete poorly with external players or when assessed honestly with most reality-based metrics. > I have heard stories, always apocryphal, never by anyone willing to put their real name behind it, You said that the last time I replied to you. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5100751 Hm. I don't think I've ever been called apocryphal before. Easy for you to say. You're not being called apocryphal. I thought readers could connect the dots but maybe a bit more explanation is due. Having worked at the "new Microsoft" in recent history I feel like the part I quoted is highly indicative of someone who has their head in the sand. Across multiple divisions among people I've voiced opinions with openly I haven't talked to anyone at MS who shares his view. Even in his own DevDiv, I've heard people say that DevDiv is a bit better than the Microsoft average but yeah, it still has these problems. At least, this is how I felt last month when replying to his previous comment. So I left a reply, even though it's taboo to talk this way about a former employer, even though I risked potential embarrassment attaching my name to this. And I said, hey, what they say about MS, what they said in that Vanity Fair article, it has a lot of truth in my experience, and I don't really know anyone who says otherwise without being a blind shill or a sociopath. (I'm saying it a bit more bluntly here but that was the idea.) I was reluctant to make that comment, but I did. Then he goes around repeating still that all such comments are apocryphal and anonymous, despite the comment of a real person who is not writing anonymously. (Aside: He is probably not aware that current employees won't say this for fear of losing their job, and former employees probably feel the general taboo against speaking ill of a former employer.) A bit off topic, but man it really bugs me when people (like this author) say "command" because they don't know the right word. (A mistake made by this article) "I wonder why the creat() command doesn't have an 'e'." (Similar examples I've seen around the web) "I'm using the printf command." "I was doing assembly programming and I used the jump command." Syscall! Function! Instruction! Let's be precise people. I remember this as a Microsoft term, based on notifications from Outlook and MSN Messenger. The analogy is that it pops up like toast from a toaster. I don't know what you're talking about, Win32 supports UTF-8. I can pass CP_UTF8 into WideCharToMultiByte() just fine. :-) Kidding aside, I don't really see the issue. Do you get upset about in-memory representation of strings often? How about when using Java or Python? Is this not why there is an entire programming practice called "serialization"? Windows started supporting UCS-2 before UTF-8 existed, and so the internal representation on Windows remains 16 bits per char. Hm. I picked Python because I knew it was an outlier, but I don't know all the details. Does Python still suffer from the horrors of comparison between diacritics made up of combining characters and the same glyph as a pre-composed character? Seems like even if you expose strings as UTF-32 you'd still have that issue. It's not really clear to me what "handle better" would be, which is why I asked if Python did anything, as your post suggested it hides some ugliness of Unicode (a claim like this I am always skeptical of, although reading PEP393 it seems kind of clever in that "why don't more libraries do this" kind of way). I suppose one form of "handle better" would be to always normalize all the time, but then, there are those times when you want payload to be bit-identical after a round-trip. I suspect it's just rooted in Unicode sucking (even if it sucks less than the encodings it replaced); it's funny how Unicode is supposed to make things simpler, but carries its own baggage and complexity and nonsense to worry about. Every time I read about these details in Unicode it seems to suck more than I remembered the last time. The junior dev was 22 at the time and fresh out of school. I'm assuming the senior devs were 23 and had a year on the job. The principal devs were a ripe 24, otherwise known as old men. :-) Oh, I totally understand the reasons. Doesn't mean it still doesn't suck. It's one of those "sucks less" type of scenarios. > I think if you traveled back in time to the Roman Empire and told them how to manufacture this stuff, you could plausibly create a very modest computer. Then finally there'd be a use for the Pope's tweets in Latin. I remember the first time I heard the word "hackathon" was in the context of OpenBSD. The folks that worked on that were geographically distributed throughout the world, and approximately once per year they'd meet in a hotel in Canada and have their one chance to work collaboratively in person instead of over email. It sounded cool. I don't remember when I first heard the Bay Area usage of the word "hackathon", but it sounded decidedly less cool. Is it me or is it weird to say "thanks for the cross-post" for something written by Dennis Ritchie? The irrational fake-libertarian does not care for such arguments. They freak out if minuscule amounts of their money go to something they don't support, and expect loads of control in exchange for this transaction. Did you know if I buy a burger at McDonald's I can totally boss around that entire company? Except it's not really the price of a burger that entitles me to do so; I can just leave some change in the take-a-penny tray. I read this article a few years ago, does that entitle me to recognition? Obviously not. It just struck me as taking credit for non-accomplishments. My recollection (though I don't know much about rails and this is just going from memory) is that he attempted to make an argument to the rails team for more secure defaults in parameter parsing and for the framework to steer apps towards more secure use. When they brushed him off and said it was ultimately the caller's responsibility to use it right, he exploited github to make his point. Speaking of "stadium", that's another one of those Greek words where we go around repeating the Latinized version. It might be more properly "stadion". Your description sounds a lot like the bashing of X itself. As someone who is happy with an X desktop I don't entirely get it. I understand that some of the folks doing Wayland have experience hacking on X but it seems a lot like wheel reinvention. X may have some warts but it's hard to argue that it's totally broken; it's also come a long way in the last 10 years or so, I'd say in testament to its ability to be extended. I think innovation in the toolkits (to catch up with where X is today) sounds like a better deal. > evolved into Kaplan Inc. (includes Kaplan University). And now it's a scam so that the Washington Post Company can receive money from federal student loans. Reminds me of an experience I had. I kind of naively wrote something as a method that would "yield return" bytes. After all, everyone is familiar with that attitude so many people have, that you write what looks nicest and worry about bottlenecks later. I'm personally not usually too big on that attitude (I think it's often an overused excuse for obviously bad code) but "yield return" does let you write some very natural-looking stuff. So later I did compare it to a very simple for loop operating against a byte[], and had both versions work against a 10MB buffer (not unrealistic input in my use case). The throughput of the "yield return" code was something like 5 times less. I didn't try too hard to track down the precise cause of that at the time (maybe it was GC from lots of temporaries as you say? I was pretty CPU bound, and thinking it could have had more to do with a more straightforward loop generating code with fewer jumps after JIT), I just took the faster version. That wasn't the issue in my case. It was foreach (var b in f()). f did not do any allocations, just a loop with a bunch of yield return statements. This is why I suspected that it was simply worse machine code after JIT. But I wasn't sure of all the details of the code that was inserted on my behalf. > The problem is, if I want my C code to compile with MSVC, it has to compile as C++ As someone who has compiled a lot of .c files that do not cast void pointers with cl.exe, I'd say no, this is not true... Maybe what you're trying to say is that your code relies on C99 features that are also present in C++? IMO if that's what's holding you back it's much easier to just write C89, maybe with the occasional ifdef, than to suddenly write some crummy C/C++ hybrid. That or just use mingw. (Unless you're doing SEH. I'm not aware of a good way to do SEH with mingw.) I don't know dakimov and what his history may be (maybe it's even a language issue or that he simply doesn't "speak HN" yet - I also sometimes find myself out of touch with the culture on this site like he seems to be), but I can vouch for what he's saying. I find it difficult to read discussions about C on HN. A lot of the discussion is as if to read a bunch of kids who seemingly just learned javascript or ruby yesterday, then they go way out of their element talking about C. An experienced and competent C programmer would not be surprised by anything in these slides, except perhaps the slide about the novel use of "static", because it's an obscure C99 feature that nobody really uses (in the same way that most people would also not recognize that, for example, C99 specifies compiler support for complex numbers). > C89 in which you can't even mix data and code? I don't think this is as big a deal as you're making it out to be. Maybe I'm just used to it, but this is one area where I consider the C89 way to be better on stylistic grounds. (I wrote about this on a stack exchange site some time ago: http://programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/75039/why-dec... ) Realistically I don't think C99 is all that revolutionary, and the fact is there are plenty of people writing C89 in 2013. Let's look at some things C99 adds over C89: * Mixed declarations and code IMO not a huge deal, for reasons I give above. * VLAs A nice feature, but people have been using malloc for similar purposes for ages, so it's hard to say it's any better than "nice to have". I'd also argue that something that leads me to potentially consume arbitrary amounts of stack space based on runtime decisions is probably not universally good, and I'm pretty cautious about using VLAs even when given the choice. * Last field of a struct can be variable sized array, eg. struct foo { int num_data; int data[]; }; I like this pattern and have used it a lot. Including with VC++ by having a zero-sized array at the end of the struct. This is once place where I use an ifdef to bridge the gaps because recently I noticed LLVM started doing weird things for this if you don't do it the "legit" C99 way. * Cosmetic issues like // comments VC++ already supports this in C89 files as a non-portable extension. * Portable typedefs like uint32_t, etc. These are also pretty handy. But if you're building with VC++ you're probably using the non-portable Microsoft ones anyway. (I think VC++ 2010 added the C99 versions too.) * bool type Again, every platform and even reasonably sized library works around this with a typedef and some macros. * Slightly different behaviors for some libc functions I notice this most for snprintf, where the pre-C99 return value [followed by Microsoft] means something different [and better] in C99. Again there are non-portable solutions for this that you can use ifdefs for. * Named initializers for struct members Cool feature. I'd hardly say I couldn't live without it, though. The only place I've really seen it used extensively is in the Linux kernel. * Stuff that no one uses, such as "static" as used in these slides, or complex numbers, or whatever. Not a problem since these don't see wide use. The first computer my family owned was an IBM PC XT, which was my introduction to the concept of a command line interface being normal. I do wonder what it'll be like for the generation of potential hacker types who won't even remember a world before slick iOS UIs and ubiquitous internet in your pocket. Computers were a kind of source of wonder for me in my childhood, and what I see from young children today is they view them as very mundane, which I suspect hurts their curiosity. Years detached from those experiences with the XT, I picked up Linux in the late 90s. It was a bit of a learning curve from DOS. But I picked up some very dated book at the local library about Unix and it kind of set me straight. The real revolution in my thinking came in 2001, when I was unfortunate enough to buy a motherboard with an ALI 1647 chipset (it's sad that I have brain cells devoted to remembering that model number). That chipset, when combined with an NVIDIA video card, would make X crash and lock up after about 30 minutes of use (before you start bashing on Linux, I'd been told the same thing would happen on Windows with this hardware combination). For six months months I was in denial of this problem. I kept thinking the next BIOS update or the next driver would fix the problem. In the meantime I used nothing but console mode, because it was the only thing that was stable. Six months or so later I sold the old motherboard, paid my quarter to get myself a "real motherboard" (ok, it was more like USD$200), and got X working again. It was good and all to have a GUI again but one thing I did notice was that my command line skills were much improved. Not meaning you to make you feel like you're inching towards the aggressive, I just feel like the distance between C89 and C99 is not a very big one. Even in C99 I tend to use some perhaps conservative style choices, and in this view the C99 stuff really does seem like "niceties" rather than essentials. The difference between C and C++ feels much bigger to me. And then after all, you initially explained the need for this in terms of Windows-specific code (or at least that's how I read it), so that's the angle I took... How is it cool to put someone else's non-free copyrighted work on github? I'm not a fan of DRM or what they did to Sim City... I've also got nothing against reverse engineering, excerpting code snippets, and that sort of thing. But violating the terms of GitHub, in addition to someone's copyright? Not cool. Do you feel confident enough in this assessment that you'd feel comfortable slapping a GPL license on this thing and using it in a project? (Nevermind for a moment that this code isn't at all re-usable.) I feel like that's more or less the standard that should apply to github. It's kind of a disservice to people who are using github for open source but are making effort to avoid this kind of taint. Maybe it's hyperbole but it makes it one step closer to github being "that place where I pirate simcity". Then when he used the dude's name... Well, I'll just say for that guy's sake I hope he changed it for the purposes of the story. Think about who benefits from the CEO living an ascetic lifestyle and that then being a "cap" on everyone below them. I read this whole thing as an appeal to young founders to screw themselves over. > Then 7 republican states secede from the US and shortly thereafter they wage war. Uhh. Those states may be Republican now, but none of them went for Lincoln: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_presidential_elec... > Then the republican Lincoln wins and a period of slave liberation and movement towards equal rights on a federal level begins. Right, but during the 20th century there was a pole shift in US political parties. To oversimplify a bit: FDR made the Dems the party of economic liberalism and Lyndon Johnson made them the party of civil rights (on which Johnson famously stated: "We've lost the South for a generation"). I can't get behind beating people up or putting them in jail. Maybe a scolding and/or a sternly worded letter. Or, if people are taken in by the hype, maybe even on a place like hacker news, raise awareness of your objections in the form of a comment. The thing is, it's well within people's rights to use their time as they see fit, and that is going to include behaviors I don't agree with or I feel are destructive. This is what it means to live in a free society. I can't throw someone in jail because they fell for some VC bullshit. It's just insane. Let's put aside the fact that it'd be hard to establish a set of behaviors of similar severity on which to jail people (and build consensus on, because it's not right to jail people on one person's opinion); if society put up such a low bar for jailing people we'd have more jailed than free people. There are behaviors that society has deemed destructive and you can be jailed for; taking a low salary does not appear in this list. With these areas you are frankly not going to get traction talking the way you do. There's lots of injustice out there, there has been with every political and economic system created to date or what's likely to come in the future. When you are outnumbered like this the best approach I can think of is to live well, be an example to others, and be frank about your opinions to those who will listen. (It's an overused example but as I write this I'm starting to think of the example of Gandhi here.) Talk of guns, beating people up, jailing them for what is in many cases just innocent/naive people doing what society expects of them, does not strike me as constructive. Edit: To be clear I'm not saying that drastic political change (i.e. through legislation) doesn't sometimes have to happen. I'm saying you need pick your battles wisely. Jailing people for accepting a sub-$100k offer does not make sense. Can you also write code to detect whether a program will run forever for a given input? ducks > turns out it's not possible with JS. No kidding... :-) rm999 is correct; it was a joke about the halting problem. (The best kind of joke, obviously.) The broader point I was trying to make with the joke, though, is it's very hard to write code that will predict what another piece of code will do. Wouldn't it be easier (and less risky to your hardware) to make the kernel lie about the device ID? Or modify the nvidia kernel blob to compare against another ID? I congratulate this guy. But I feel like the youngish folks reading hacker news (self included), especially those that get wrapped up in youth-worship and pseudo-libertarianism (not me) should ask themselves, what will we do at 65? It's a fairly uncomfortable question in our field. Whatever the reason we should not tolerate the factors that push older people out, or make excuses for doing so. I came on here to complain that wmaker isn't on this list. IMO it's the best WM for X. As for the rest of GNUstep, at various points during the 2000s decade I'd been interested in GNUstep, developed a little bit with it, used to use apps like GNUMail, etc. And it's definitely a cool project. But I have to say it's by no means a lightweight toolkit. It seemed pretty sluggish for the entirety of the time I used it. Maybe it's fast now that hardware is ridiculous. But I think if WindowMaker actually used GNUstep's AppKit (it does not), it would be a lot more sluggish than it is, and that would make it pretty bad. I've used wmaker since the 90s and it's never felt like a bottleneck. Can't say the same about the rest of GNUstep. Because in kernel mode it's impossible to make (and subsequently gloss over) simple mistakes? This hasn't been my experience. I don't know why Linus says that Americans blindly accept the crappiness. Perhaps they accept it because its systemic nature makes a hard thing to fix, but the acceptance isn't blind. Most smart people I know in this country seem to have had some clash with the school system in some form or another. Linus talks mostly about funding, but there's also the huge problem that schools don't seem to be teaching math and science, or anything for that matter, very well. For me personally, thinking back to my youth, I think the most important lesson I learned in school was to be cynical and not trust people in positions of authority, to go off and do things on your own instead of relying on them to catch up with you, which is a helpful lesson but probably not one that you'd want to need to discover so young. On another topic, I can't help but think some of his description of the American acceptance of the brokenness has something to do with his setting of the northwest. When I lived in Seattle I was really shocked at how unwilling people were to question the status quo, especially when it came to things that could be changed by political action. On topics where more aggressive east coasters would loudly complain or maneuver around, apathy and letting things go as they had been seemed to be the default for most things. Of course the education problem is a national one and these latter traits are not unknown to other parts of the country. But the northwest is less cynical, and more content to let things just drift. Also, there is no such thing as an X desktop that isn't a default install of Ubuntu. I didn't know which company was accused of this, but the version I heard was that "female" was translated as "hembra". It does mean that, but you usually hear it applied to animals.[1] Probably an easy mistake for someone to make if they're told to translate a string without being made aware of the context. [1] The DRAE, considered the "dictionary of record" in Spain, says that female animal is definition 1, and female human is definition 2. http://lema.rae.es/drae/?val=hembra I'll bet the details took a lot of work but conceptually it isn't hard to understand at all. There is a bug which causes the game to jump into a bad address. The goal then becomes to manipulate the game so that this bad address happens to contain valid code, then trigger the bug. You don't really need to know how RAM works to understand that. How assembly programming or Von Neumann architecture works perhaps. Or basic knowledge of buffer overflows and similar concepts. > we must be active in the fight against conversation degradation. Pardon me for using slightly political terms, but I feel this phrasing has weird totalitarian undertones. What I've seen listening to Grover Norquist is that you can't take his positions at face value. Example: Before the 2012 election he said they'd primary Republicans who broke the pledge. After the election he started supporting compromises. I don't think you can rely on a straightforward statement of these people's principles. Probably meant "about the pope"? Don't a lot of programs first check for program-specific EDITOR values? So if you want to change the one for git, set GIT_EDITOR? Seems a lot cleaner than trying to recognize the filename. One thing that influences my own thinking on this topic was having read "Conservatives without conscience" by John Dean several years ago. It's a bit political so maybe the HN crowd won't appreciate it. But one of its ideas is that a certain percentage of Americans have authoritarian personalities as described by social scientists - see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Authoritarian_personality . This made sense to me in the context of the Bush years and I've continually seen situations that remind me of it, in all sorts of contexts, including, say, to explain why some people in this HN thread seem so eager to defy what I see as simple common sense and defend these TSA types, ahead of putting themselves in the shoes of the disabled guy. > I like to tell people "Deep inside all the Windows NT distributions there's a great OS dying to get out...". I was a dev in the Windows organization for a few years and this is the conclusion I came to as well. When people complain about development on Windows, they're rarely talking about NT or even Win32. They're usually talking about some layer on top. Even the example here about spawn() - that function is from the CRT, which honestly is a very crummy and poorly maintained library, but more importantly it isn't really "Windows" and couldn't really be called "the Windows API" - it's just some library that gets new versions alongside releases of Visual Studio. And that spawn() function, ironically enough, mostly exists so that people who know the fork + exec pattern will feel at home. I had a good laugh at that quote, but now I'm thinking: is it legit to cite one or more persons doing their job poorly to dismiss the entire profession? Do you keep around bad code to remind you why you don't talk to programmers? Examples of quack medicine to remind you why you don't talk to doctors? I don't doubt the abundance of bad behaviors. I was just doing a literal parse of your logic. OK, he was pretty grumpy and cynical. But is he wrong? Wouldn't a society of people who are reading and writing, thinking and creating be a better place than one where people are capable of no better than SMS-speak and TLDR and letting Siri do their thinking? What if our society turns into YouTube comments? Here I was thinking "your comment sucks" was a clever play on Ebert's "your movie sucks". It's funny some of the vitriol around here, on a discussion of an obituary. Can't some guy die in peace? (Aside, or back to the original topic, depending on perspective: In the last decade or so I'd been really impressed by some of Ebert's writing, post-cancer. It showed a lot of depth that you didn't get from the TV movie critic persona that he had in the 90s.) I can vouch for the fact, though, that internally the Windows team refers to it as "amd64". I remember during college in Rochester, NY I would drive by this unassuming house on Clinton Ave. Ambrosia Software said the sign out front. I recognized the name from some games about 10 years prior. I remember wondering what they were doing in a sleepy town like Rochester, when most important stuff seemed to happen out west or within a 5 hour drive south of there. But here was a place that had stuck with the home of Kodak and Xerox (yes, Xerox, and not that cool Palo Alto office). Offshoot of one of the nearby colleges? This is a bit too smug for me. I know that Rochester used to be a boom town (Kodak, Xerox, Bausch and Lomb, probably others) and a place of cultural and moral significance (Frederick Douglas, Susan B. Anthony). It's a nice place, and I spent 4 years there. But it's definitely a place in decline. The same way that Detroit was a boom town and now is not. If I made a similar sideshow saying "You're welcome. -Detroit", would that prove anything? (It's also ironic that this slideshow assigns Rochester the credit for the Xerox Palo Alto Research Center. Was it not corporate HQ in Rochester who made the bad decisions not to do more to productize those gains?) One use case I used to do often is switching between headless/remote and local use. Imagine sitting at your desktop, starting something, then detaching, going somewhere else... Then you ssh back to the desktop and resume the same session. Your stuff has been running there the whole time. I am surprised by these threads too, and in general the ember vs angular turf wars. Maybe it's just that I don't work with this sort of thing often, but to me they look strikingly similar. I'm trying to come up with similar software schisms: vi vs emacs? GNOME vs KDE? Linux vs BSD? C vs C++? C++ vs ObjC? All of these differences sound more substantive to me. I remember those times as well. I remember how they convinced so many people that the biggest issue facing the United States was Saddam Hussein ... Even liberals were buying it, or prefacing their statements with "I know he's a bad guy who has to go right away, but..." It was pretty crazy. Or, how about that they successfully convinced the American voter to elect more Republicans in 2002 because ... Saddam. Makes no sense right? But it worked. It was successful enough to convince the opposition party to also support the war. Let's not forget that Dick Cheney's office leaked a fake story to the New York Times, then cited that story as a reason for going to war... People forget that now, and just how fucked up it is. Yep, I remember that. I don't think that action, or even what Bush the elder did, was anywhere near the colossal fuckup and misinformation of the 2000s decade, though. I think the only thing "obscure" in this list is the "pointer-to-member" syntax. It's conceptually simple but the syntax is pretty bizarre, hard to remember even when you're searching for it, and probably a lot of C++ programmers working professionally will not recognize it. I remember a few years ago I was writing some code where using pointer-to-struct-member made lots of sense to me. Doing a code review I was asked politely by a peer to rewrite without them. I disagreed but didn't mind doing so, if it made people on the team happier about readability. One thing I've noticed is that people who expect short replies sometimes write very short mails to begin with. I think that might be more effective to set expectations than coming up with a new acronym and having to wait for it to catch on (if ever). If the content you need a short reply to is a bit longer, you can also write a short summary before the longer part. Something like "Below is blah blah blah, wondering if you have any quick comments. Thanks, yournamehere." Then below is your multi-paragraphed whatever. Interesting link. I'm not a linguist but parsing these sentences as an American reader, I feel a bit like this page's examples are playing games with word order and omission. The cited "prestige" grammar sounds less intuitive to me not because of the pronoun used, but because of word order and words that are left out. Example cited as correct prestige grammar: > They didn't give anyone that worked less than she a raise. That sounds a little weird to my American ears, but "worked less than she did" sounds totally correct. "Worked less than her" (cited as correct non-prestige) sounds a bit casual and informal, not sounding too jarring but not what I'd expect in decent writing. Similar to the other example of "us commuters". If I'm talking to someone I wouldn't blink if they said this, but I wouldn't see it in the New York Times. (Though this also reminds me of phrases like "me too" or "it's me", which despite being inconsistent with distinctions between subject and object in other phrases, you'd hear a lot more than "I as well" or "it is I".) > Mary and him are late. Sounds very wrong to me. Thinking back to my childhood it was pretty common for kids to be a bit "confused" about using pronouns this way before 10 years old or so, so maybe there is something to the author's statement that kids learn the non-prestige form and then the educated ones are "corrected" later. > Mary and he are late. This still sounds weird. I'd say "he and Mary are late". > her and us > she and we These sound pretty clumsy regardless of which is supposed to be used. > Every variable is a starting memory address to the compiler. Definitely not true. More like, "it will have an address, if you take the address with the & operator". Otherwise, the compiler is quite free to store locals in registers. This reminds me of another comment I had: I personally find the phrase "syntactic sugar" irritating. As used, I don't feel like it adds anything to the blog post. IMO you could write nothing there and it'd make the exact same point. What exactly is the "syntactic sugar" that hides the idea that names can have addresses? Structs? Some specific kind of expression? Array index syntax? The names themselves? I am American and have always pronounced it and heard it pronounced with two syllables. Maybe not as deliberately as the recording. I wonder if he is talking slowly as he is because it's so new to him, or maybe we're not hearing it at the right rate, or some combination thereof. Also, where's the thick Scottish accent? I guess my expectation was that the older the recording, the goofier the accents would sound, due to changes over time. For example, the recordings of Edison have him sounding like no American alive today. The whole time reading this article, I thought, sounds good, but having spent 25 years in jail he must have done something pretty bad. Then I read that Wikipedia article and it turns out he was caught selling cocaine in his 20s... Man, say whatever you want for drugs being bad, but that's kind of a BS reason to rob someone of their youth like that. For 25 years I thought maybe he'd killed a guy. I don't know what the right punishment is for that, but the original sentence of 45 years seems too steep. As does 25. So patronizing. I was born in DC; I don't need the Wikipedia article on the crack epidemic. You really think locking people up is what solved that problem? GNU has been doing this for as long as I can remember. Why shocking? What I see here is one group of people (the company with the hiring page) doing the standard "fun/playful/lightweight engineering task" that people have been doing for years to filter applicants. Then some unrelated person tweets that this will prevent recruiters posing as applicants. Now the HN thread is assuming this is the only purpose and questioning if this problem is worth it. Has it not occurred to anyone that what one dude says on twitter is the primary purpose might not be so? Is the ability to hammer the POST interface really much worse than the ability to send lots of mails to a jobs@company.com alias? Sure, maybe people's email configurations are better equipped to deal with spam, but you can send email in a script, too. One item of curiosity: We all know who recognizable figures such as Lincoln, John F. Kennedy, and MLK Jr. are. When did they decide to name streets after them? I felt the comment was talking down about the crack epidemic. It's probably a function of age and location, but for some people (such as those with a history in the hardest-hit cities) it isn't that distant, as if to be something you'd look up on Wikipedia because you've never heard of it. I don't think that's all too unreasonable. Your comment, on the other hand, does nothing but say that my comment is worthless. Face it, all web communities eventually evolve into YouTube comments. > San Francisco liberal. Having grown up in DC and now living in SF I think this phrase is farcical as well. SF liberalism is pretty shallow and restricted to a small number of topics (gay rights, environmentalism, and others). The cities off I-95 between DC and Boston tend to be more liberal on issues other than the Californian's one to three pet causes. Of course on an individual by individual basis there isn't a total monoculture in either place, and it's probably more complex than a binary liberal/conservative distinction. I don't know about all the rest of you, but I find it really depressing to read these rent-a-coder sites. The first thing that strikes me is that people posting projects don't really understand the value of software engineering. They want someone to do crazy ambitious projects for pretty much no money. As if to say, "I have this idea which is really awesome and valuable, now I just need some monkey to do all the work." $500 should be enough for that, right? Then I'll cash in on my awesome idea... Maybe some projects honestly work out like that. But a lot of the projects I see on these sites fall outside that scope. For big ambitious projects, we all know programmers are not fungible resources, and competent execution matters. But the worst part is that people humor these projects, or more likely take advantage of the gullibility of the people asking for them... "Yes sir, I can solve that impossible problem promptly and under your budget of $500." It's really sad. There's truth in the idea that a first world salary might go further elsewhere in the world, and that lots of people get by on less ... But I suggest you look at getacoder.com et al. and see what I was really talking about, because it can't be explained only that way with no other explanation. I once saw a project similar to something that took a former employer 10 years to iterate on and finally get right, with a long tail of bug fixes and crazy corner cases because it is a difficult problem. The rentacoder "cost" was 2 weeks and less than $1000. I did not follow up with that particular guy's project but I'm going to guess that they did not have success with those expectations and that budget. > they may think they're both trollin I can understand wanting to avoid the homophobic slur in the original, but trollin'? Bit of a stretch. This leads me to an interesting idea: Perhaps any use of "begging the question", correct or incorrect, leads to this. I remember reading the DSM occasionally, which is what they use to diagnose these things. I'll caution that I am not an expert, have no training in the area, so have at best a layperson's understanding. But my understanding is that you can have the symptoms of depression from time to time and not meet the criteria. Most of these things have, alongside the list of symptoms, a bullet point or two about it being persistent, that it gets in the way of your activities. Sometimes you see the list of symptoms for something like a mood disorder and you say, hey, that could be anybody, especially teenagers. Then you see the blurb about it being nearly every day for six weeks or whatever. As a thinking person of somewhat atheist leanings it's personally occurred to me that life is pointless, kind of like you said. Sometimes, especially when thinking of mortality, that can bum me out. But I wouldn't say that's the same as clinical depression. It's a set of libraries, and a loader for EXEs and DLLs. That's the simplest, most literal way I can think of to explain it. I don't know what the author was thinking of specifically, but the OOM killer seems like a bit of a hack to me. I can think of situations where I'd rather have an allocation fail upfront predictably than be randomly killed by the system. A lot of people seem to think you're screwed when you're out of memory and so think killing the process is acceptable, but I've worked on code bases where it's actually handled somewhat gracefully. (Although, on NT, if you run out of nonpaged pool you start to get weird, random I/O failures.) And that was exactly the criticism, wasn't it? "Overcommit-by-default nonsense". I didn't write the original, just trying to parse it. (And with that aspect I kind of agree, it's a goofy behavior.) I guess there's another, somewhat social aspect of making that the default: everyone else coding on the platform assumes the behavior is the other way, so I suspect when you set that flag to off, your other software starts crashing on null pointer dereferences because no one thinks malloc can fail. I had the same experience. Not sure how they generate them but perhaps not as random as one would think? I also switched from WindowMaker to DWM only this year, after having used it for a very, very long time. My only complaint about WindowMaker is it doesn't handle Chromium very well. (Never looked into that, but it wouldn't surprise me if that's Chromium's fault.) It doesn't matter that WindowMaker is "past its prime", it achieved perfection in 1998. :-) I always thought that people who run tiled WMs must be crazy, ever since trying out ion in the early 2000s. But now I'm one of them. It's honestly pretty good. Sorry for not making it clear enough, issue was with WindowMaker and Chromium. (I will edit to make it clearer.) WindowMaker draws its own decorations around the window which doesn't fit with what Chromium is trying to do. When I tell WMaker to not put decorations on Chromium, then some windows which need decorations don't get them. > Clearly stackexchange is showing pro-db bias. If the question is "why use a database", don't you expect pro-DB answers? Nitpick: your explanation works for the far more common term "willing", an adjective. But, through it may sound awkward and very few people would use it this way, could it not also be the participle of "to will"? In this interpretation the use of "willing" is totally correct. (Also, before saying that I've written this out of some foreign notion of English and that I just wouldn't understand, my own native language is English.) The fact that one must watch out for integer overflow on a buffer size calculation for malloc, realloc, etc. should be no surprise to a thoughtful C programmer. It sounds like somebody just did an audit of an old code base looking for bad patterns and this is what came out of it. It sounds like great work on the part of the people doing audits/fixes but I'm not sure it's freakout material ("massive" seems a bit sensationalist). Did I say avoid the problems? I'm pretty sure I said that the problems are not surprising. And, to add to that: I think it's especially not surprising in an older code base from an era in which this was less common knowledge. New code bases are of course not infallible but awareness of this is a higher priority than it used to be. I think it's also interesting that issues like this sometimes remain in libraries because people think the caller should figure out overflow. From a casual read of the announcement it looks like they took a better approach in some areas, i.e. the library assumes the worst of the caller. I'm reminded of something I read a few years back about the OpenBSD folks adding more overflow checks to calloc which does multiplication. It's nice when you can catch it in a library rather than pushing decisions to the caller. When I hear people say this I think "there's someone without a lot of exposure". Yes the mistakes do happen. Aside from the fact that bugs will happen with your high level languages too, when you get on a good stride with C you will find the mistakes not as frequent, and you will become good at debugging and fixing them when they do happen. As mentioned on this thread they won't go to zero, and I'll admit they'll sometimes be a different set of problems than with other languages. But it's not totally unmanageable or unapproachable. PS: your comment wold hold more weight if you had written C in your example. It looks like HN's italic formatter got in your way in the first snippet, but p = malloc(int) will not compile. Again, I don't think I ever said that people will stop making mistakes, just that the frequency of mistakes and ability to deal with them when discovered (or even ability to discover them) will change with experience. I feel like too many people dismiss the problem as scary and intractable and that's IMO not a good reason to never write any C. I feel like this statement does not reflect an understanding of the problem. Machines do not have arbitrary-precision integers. If you need to take X units of Y bytes, and your integers are 32 bits, and X is big enough so that X * Y will not fit in 32 bits... Then this problem has to exist somewhere - the machine will have to truncate the product into a 32 bit entity, the bit pattern of which is a legitimate quantity in its own right. The allocator doesn't and can't know whether you really meant "the lower 32 bits of X * Y" or "the product of X and Y", because the former is a totally valid input. You could very well make the same mistake in a higher level language since AFAIK most of them don't have arbitrary precision integers by default: create an array of a size based on an expression with an integer overflow. The difference is that it will blow up in a "safer" manner when you index beyond the end of the array. You could argue that this is the real benefit of the higher level language and perhaps you're right, but somebody at some layer of the system must implement that check; the machine does not have it as an inherent feature. By integer I mean machine word. Those do exist. I suppose we can get philosophical and say that there is no such thing as a machine word, that when you operate on the memory using different instructions, or jump into the memory, or whatever, this "machine word" becomes something else... But IMO this is a pointless exercise. The fixed-size machine word is a reality in the machines we're talking about. (How that gets translated into a higher level language like C will vary from machine to machine, compiler to compiler, but the analogy still stands and I do not believe it is meaningful to argue such points unless engaged in purposeful misinterpretation.) > Why should it be possible to read or write arbitrary locations in memory as a result? Because that is the point of an allocator. Your favorite language cannot have allocators in the same sense that C can. Instead of going on a crusade against the language, why not simply accept that some problem domains have to care about that? In this discussion I am not here griping about my favorite criticisms of various higher level languages (some examples: lots of code out there that assumes memory allocation is free, data structures with lots of gratuitous pointers [oops sorry, "object references"!] that slow down access, over-reliance on exceptions i.e. thousands of gotos that cross stack frames) because I admit that these languages are good for certain problem sets. > The issue is not with the allocator; the issue is with the ability to read or write beyond the bounds of an array. ... Even for low-level code, it never makes sense to step out of array bounds. You must understand that from the low level perspective, the array and its bounds do not exist. This is an abstraction. An allocator needs to chop up and slice a larger block of memory and give different segments to different callers. You cannot do this if something is enforcing bounds. What you can do is build higher level abstractions that track bounds and do runtime checks at every access. In C there is nothing to stop you from doing that as a library. In C++, some STL implementations even have bounds checking as a compile time option. But the languages don't force you into paying that cost. > Is 0 really the same thing the sane thing as 'NULL' in the context of C? Yes. I don't have chapter and verse handy but it is in the standard. The bit pattern of NULL is not required to be zero (so memset(&p, 0, sizeof(p)) is not guaranteed to yield null) but it must compare equally to 0 and assigning 0 must produce NULL. [Edit: OK, in C99 this is covered in 6.3.2.3: Pointers. "An integer constant expression with the value 0, or such an expression cast to type void * , is called a null pointer constant ." Then 7.17.3 says that NULL expands to a null pointer constant.] > If you actually wanted a pointer to the begging of the memory, you would dereference 0, Yeah, it's really easy to set up an environment where that happens. At one point I was experimenting with writing a small/toy kernel for x86 and I mapped the virtual address 0 to a valid page, and boom, dereferencing NULL did stuff. Not a great idea to set up the page tables that way for obvious reasons, but I'm going to guess that lots of hardware out there will let you do it... In the old days of 16-bit x86, linear address 0 had the interrupt vector, so as I recall lots of DOS (maybe even Win9x) environments had dereferencing NULL do meaningful (surely confusing) things. I'm confused by your diagram. The "X11 Client" is your app (literally, from a process perspective), and the X server displays it. Edit: You know what, I should be less passive-aggressive about that. I'm not confused by your diagram, it's just wrong. :-) Maybe what you really mean is: Display Where compositor/WM and your app are X clients, i.e. there's lots of context switches between clients and the server. I personally don't see much wrong with this design BTW, despite the context switches X is pretty smooth even on some pretty wimpy hardware (eg. Raspberry pi, or Nokia N900, or the wimpy Pentiums I ran X on 15 years ago). I didn't mind what you said until you brought in the horrible example of the tea party. Even ignoring its political message it was pretty much all astroturf, pumped up and hyped by established players. A few election cycles later it's pretty much gone. To disprove this all somebody needs to do is write a headline: Is Betteridge's Law of Headlines correct? > the speaker of the house cannot count on all of his own party's votes for that reason This is diverging from your original point so I won't push it too hard... But you don't think this has more to do with the larger trend in GOP members of congress over the last few decades? There has been a pattern of primary challenges against moderates for some time; it did not start with the 2010 election, it was only slightly re-branded and allowed to have a majority after a 4 year hiatus. Everyone has a price. My comment was meant as a joke. I don't expect Marco to sell his dog or anyone to offer sizable money for it. There seems to be a leap you've taken there. I don't think you've demonstrated that an old API is unsafe by virtue of being old. A platform company not wanting to maintain an API is not the same as that API being dangerous. This is the fallacy that some of the big guys have taken lately, to remove perfectly working stuff simply to be jerks. I know that it's not statistically sound, but as an informal straw poll I don't know why people are so eager to put this down. "Kind of tired", "don't trust them", "mostly fantasy" - these seem like oddly agressive phrases to me which probably reflect personal anguish rather than a desire to see the facts. If we take the $300K+ figure as an outlier, what I see are pretty much peaks at around where I get LinkedIn spam telling me I can make $x. [Edit: to clarify, by "peak", I am referring to peaks if you were to plot the responses in a histogram, not a dollar amount.] I'm going to guess which peak someone is likely to fall in varies with factors like years of experience, when you entered the workforce, how often you changed jobs, luck or whatever. Then I see a significant amount making more and a significant amount making less. I don't think that's all that unbelievable. I don't think it makes sense to overemphasize that the poll is informal and not scientific - the poll still tells you something , even if not really that much, so why dismiss the messenger? This reminds me of when I lived in Seattle, worked for MSFT and used to read "Mini Microsoft" threads around bonus/promo time. People would post level/base/bonus and how they were evaluated. That too was unscientific, but the company was pretty standardized around titles and how well you could do at bonus time, so it didn't take much to figure out that most of the data was probably accurate - and seeing that, even if it was totally unscientific, served as a reminder of how the place worked and where you fit into it. But then you got a lot of commenters who I think were bitter, jealous, or in denial that it was possible that the guy down the hall was doing better than them. So in a reactionary fashion, they start attacking the other posters, calling them liars, non-employees, whatever. I agree with you; it is my experience too, and I don't think my comment is incompatible with your reply. I was merely saying that the LinkedIn spam is roughly where the peaks are. (Large emphasis on "roughly".) Edit: it occurred to me that I left the definition of "peak" unspecified. By peak I mean amounts with the largest amount of respondents, not the highest dollar amount. > You’ll realize that Object Orientation is not the only way to architect software. Actually, pretty much all the "good" C code I've seen is using some form of object orientation, for example using structs with function pointers, or information hiding through incomplete types and void pointers. I think the better observation is that you don't need much language support to do mostly-OOP. That and a lot of people in those "other" languages are using language support for OOP as a bit of a mental crutch. (For example, many people working in Java or C# especially tend to write lots of indecipherable OO spaghetti.) I tend to see these as orthogonal. What does a macro do but generate more code? So shouldn't the use of macros be reducible to ordinary code? That, and you can still employ this stuff at the micro level and your chatter between compilation units or library boundaries can still be OO. I guess I don't see a strong distinction (or see them on the same axis) because I like the preprocessor and use it when I feel it's useful, but I still write fairly OOP-like public interfaces to my code. I think you misinterpreted my comment, but that's OK. My comment was that OOP in C can be seen kind of like a question of API or ABI (a bit like COM in the Windows world). If you need to do what some would consider hacky things with macros, or stuff that is "not very OO", you still want to keep boundaries between compilation units and libraries clean, and OO-style constructs is a good way to get that done. The fact that you used a macro is an implementation detail that disappears once your code is compiled. However to your (to my eyes entirely tangential) comment about subrountines.. No, you can't do everything macros do in a subroutine. For instance you can't take the parameters and stringify them with #, you can't concatenate tokens with ##, you can't do funny things with braces or have a macro declare a bunch of static variables or code for you. You can't do the co-routine hack that btilly's link references (although it is very "out there"). This means you can do lots of interesting things with macros that you cannot with a function. These things can be abused but they can also make your code a lot simpler, shorter, easier to understand - and with the uglier parts constrained to a small amount of code. I don't see it as in conflict with OOP because it doesn't have to leak outside a single compilation unit or library. If the same ideas of OOP have been around longer than the term itself (and I do believe you are right in pointing this out), do they cease to be the same ideas? This to me is degrading into a "tomato, tomato" discussion. Reminds me of arguments I used to get into with a friend. My friend was really into naming patterns and stuff. I really disliked that, and thought to give it a technobabble-ish name distances the practice from the concept itself, which is usually more straightforward than the name suggests. I don't think your comment is the first thing I've read that steers me in the direction of "OOP as a buzzwordy name for preexisting, good, clean practices". Such Randian nonsense. If the dems are such egalitarians and want to destroy the wealth of others, why do you have growing disparity and retain the Bush tax rates? And if you say Obama has more of this than Clinton, why are wealthy people paying less taxes now than they did in the 90s? > As to all the other stuff you said: Obama can't set tax rates unilaterally. If you had been following "negotiations" with Congress (take late 2010 as an example) you'd know that the president basically did a song and dance where he started out pretending he wanted higher taxes and proceeded to leave things exactly the same. He did not assert his strong position in that. If Congress literally did nothing, taxes would have been raised. He declined to fight for the tax-raising side of that argument and forfeited a superior negotiating position. If he really believed it in the beginning, he did not think highly enough of it to do what he could have. Edit: removing trollish comment about Rand, because it's bad to flamebait. Let me just say that it was clear to me from your comment that you have been influenced by folks nearing the Rand side of the spectrum, and that you can cease to compare it with Rand but it still comes out awfully similar... Thus I don't hesitate to say, even after your objections, that the comment was very Randian, in the sense that it is Rand-like. > For all I know, Obama traded advocating higher taxes for getting Obamacare through. He had already signed the healthcare bill 9 months prior to the events I am talking about. And again, one must understand that he was in a position where if nobody did anything, the person favoring higher taxes would win. It took effort to get the outcome that we did. > As an Objectivist, Thanks for confirming. Some people are pointing out undefined behavior involving shifts. I agree it's pretty egregious. (Also, how can you hardcode 31 in a bunch of places, make a statement like "if you don't know how many bytes an int is" - and not mention sizeof!) But there's a special place in hell reserved for this: > ( a) ^= ( b) ^= ( a) ^= ( b); This is undefined because ^= is not a sequence point. I feel like the title of this should be "how to demonstrate lack of C knowledge". Been a while, but I was taught that the gerund in Latin implied worthiness. So "dicendum" could be "worth saying". It would seem that Wikipedia agrees with my interpretation: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gerundive > It is used to indicate that someone or something (the referent of the noun it modifies) needs or deserves to be the object of an action. Also some of this spills into common names of people today: > The name Amanda is the feminine gerundive of amare ("to love"), and thus means roughly ... "worthy of being loved", ... Similarly with the name Miranda; ... "worthy of admiration" ... You don't specify when the non-insane time you're thinking of is, but I suspect that at that time distributing copies of someone else's memoirs in appreciable volume without being granted permission was probably also illegal. I'm pretty sure there's a large area in the middle of the country, far from the coasts, where he can go just fine.. This is the biggest problem I have with both the press and administration descriptions of what's going on. There is absolutely no technical specificity. I understand that this isn't useful to the general public but it's hard for technical people to parse what they're saying and draw conclusions. Not a lot of technical specificity around "memory compression". Edit: Ok, I stand corrected, somebody's done some research and found the code. Windows 8 does a similar-sounding trick. At some timer interrupts they de-dupe pages and make them copy-on-write when they are identical. I seem to recall also reading that some VM products (VMware?) do this - so if you have a few instances of the same OS, only unique pages end up getting stored. From the presentation I wonder if they're doing this, or if they might be putting the pages through a compression algorithm. (I hear "compression" and I think this, but it seems like that would make page faults needlessly costly.) I guess what it costs you in CPU is easily regained by what it saves you in I/O. > As if anyone was still wondering what happened to his position. Maybe it'll show up in the next "Who's Hiring" thread here on HN. :-) This guy is an awful writer. Even if I ignore that they don't know "its" from "it's", "then" from "than", this thing is hard to follow. Just an incoherent rant really, looks like it was written by a kid. So that's an excuse for bad writing? I used debian-multimedia for years and it was mostly great. I felt I had to stop because of all the conflicts. Over and over again I'd see mplayer crash seemingly randomly, then I'd look into it and discover that the debian-multimedia stuff was linked to the stock Debian stuff and they had differing ABIs for the same library name, so I'd have to uninstall everything from column A, then reinstall everything from column B ... after so much of this I gave up, and by that point the codecs in stock Debian didn't seem so bad. (Whereas several years ago you'd have to be stupid not to install debian-multimedia.) Is it me or does this sound like a nutty conspiracy theory? NSA is one thing... But IRS? I have a hard time believing this is anything but grossly exaggerated. Banks have sent info on large transactions to the IRS for some time. I don't see credit card transactions as all that different. > wake up the moronic "I've got nothing to hide" clowns I take objection to this. The NSA stuff is indeed questionable. Reading your gmail, that's very clearly a breach. But the IRS does have legitimate interest in knowing about when money changes hands. It's kind of their job. Let's take away some of the linkbait and media sensationalism about this article. IRS already gets a privileged amount of information on the "usual" way in which money changes hands. Bank transfers, stock sales, dividends, your paycheck, interest - they're getting that info already. So how might social media fit into this? I say if a modern day Al Capone figures out a way to launder money based on Farmville credits, yes, I want the IRS to know about it. If sites like Facebook are introducing things like payment platforms, I don't see why the IRS should not be notified that money is changing hands, the same way they are notified for other transactions. That's not the same as reading your messages. Which brings me to another point: > An IRS audit based on trawling public data A fluffy MSN article about what IRS might be doing is not the same as evidence that this is actually happening. If someone has evidence of innocent people being subjected to this in any substantial number, then please, let them come forward. Absent that kind of evidence I don't find it very believable. I think COINTELPRO is pretty much reducible to a single man's nuttiness, that of J. Edgar Hoover. MKULTRA was CIA as I recall. Worth pointing out that these are different. CIA also has a lot of messy history overseas, in places like Latin America. But I have to say: > recent news about the NSA, IRS, etc. To paint recent stories about IRS with the same brush as the recent news about NSA, or to put IRS on the same level as COINTELPRO/MKULTRA... They're not nearly in the same ballpark. There's this trend on HN right now to say that anything government related (I hear they're putting floride in the water! Don't get me started about the post office!) must be in on the crazy conspiracy, and I find that attitude disappointing. It's not all the same. I guess FBI is the executive branch, but one of the sneaky things about Hoover was his ability to transcend and defy presidents. A bit different from recent events with Bush and Obama in that sense. In this most recent iteration of the NSA story it seems like all three branches failed, with congress not giving enough of a crap and the courts rubber stamping everything. I have to say I started to have more faith in ebooks when I realized how easy it is to strip DRM from Kindle purchases. I've made more purchases since then and feel better about doing so. I like the convenience of ebooks, the way they make my bookshelves look antiquated, but I always had in my mind the "1984" scenario where they take away your purchases. So I strip the DRM of all my purchases and keep a local copy, even though I only ever read them with the Kindle app. When they take away my ability to do that, I'll stop purchasing. > Also, even on Windows, I am not sure if Chakra has a shell version (does it?) I am not big on javascript but this question sparked my interest to google it. Apparently, and this is if I parse this correctly, if you apply the .reg file from this StackOverflow answer you can run chakra from cscript.exe which runs js from the command line: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/7167690/what-is-the-progi... - however without this registry hack you'll get some other engine. I am not the original poster and I have not lived it first hand, but my grandparents left Lithuania in the 1930s (not a Soviet republic at that time). I was always told the story of how my grandfather went back to visit in the 1970s, and that his friends and family expressed concern that they were being surveilled. On the other hand I wonder if that might say something about these specific people, and if it might have varied by place. I've talked to a lot of people from Russia (as opposed to satellite republics) who say that it wasn't really on very many people's minds at the time. The biggest flaw in all of this is ... Who says you need a course or a certification in order to write a compiler? Go, write a compiler. Use a well-recommended textbook or web-based resources if you need to. But there's nothing to stop you from going out on your own and doing it. The other is... Not going to write a compiler because you don't have regexes? That sounds like major whining. You might as well say you won't write a compiler because you already have a compiler. If learning by re-implementing low-level details is what you're after (in my experience a very helpful exercise), don't complain because you have to do low-level details. OTOH, if you take my first suggestion and not bother with a course or certification, you can define your own rules and you don't have to feel bad about using an external regex library. Any time I hear someone complain about cruft OpenGL I think of this JWZ rant: http://www.jwz.org/blog/2012/06/i-have-ported-xscreensaver-t... It's not my area of expertise but it does ring true to me - whenever I see people complain about OpenGL they always seem to be confusing API surface with implementation details . I.e. the "legacy" parts can be shimmed to the "modern" parts without harming anyone very much. > I can say that much cruft was removed in so far as it doesn't resemble a modern GPU (e.g. fixed function pipeline) Please read this again: > they always seem to be confusing API surface with implementation details. It does not have to work like a modern GPU. An API is an abstraction. If you want to introduce a new API that is a better abstraction for current hardware that's fine, but that's not an argument to remove the earlier abstraction which is working fine for other users. Learn in any order you want. I wouldn't completely forgo C and C++ though. > I instinctively like Obama, but I'm forced to admit that his policies on national security are by any objective means worse than his predecessor. Maybe the difference is a management style that does a better job following through with things. Example: Bush spends 8 years going after bin Laden, finds nothing. Obama does it in 2. When I witnessed this it always struck me that probably Bush wasn't trying very hard. Possible parallel: Bush hears from security apparatus that we need lots of wiretapping, so they do that for a while. Obama gets in there, gets similar advice ... You can guess where that goes. At any rate I have a hard time believing Bush would say no to this stuff. > Linus just got "lucky" and happened to make a kernel before Hurd was done -- but that wasn't the case at all. The funny thing is it's not even the case that there's only room for just 1 production-quality open source kernel. Through all this time the *BSDs have done rather well in comparison. We might just conclude that despite a great body of work that we all respect and owe a lot to, maybe GNU/FSF isn't all that great at managing a project. (See also: Emacs Schism, GCC vs. ECGS, GCC vs. LLVM.) (Aside: Personally, I booted Debian GNU/HURD on a Pentium II more than ten years ago to try it out. At the time it was slow and had a bunch of drivers ported from Linux 2.0. It sounds like not much has changed, however I never did get X working, so good job there.) I know the content of the video itself is very interesting, but I have to make this tangential comment: Is it me or do people who were born in Brooklyn in the 50s and 60s have cool accents? Richard Stallman for example has a very similar accent. sprintf does not know the size of the destination buffer. That's why the newer snprintf, which takes a size as a 2nd parameter, is recommended. (I say newer, but according to manpages snprintf is defined by SUSv2, from 1997, and C99, from 1999; so they're pretty old by now.) You could probably have the compiler warn, provided (1) the destination is still an array and not a pointer (2) the format string is known at compile time. But that's a very different thing. (Most compilers these days do warn about any calls to sprintf, recommending snprintf instead.) > that platform doesn't have an snprintf (yay mainframes!) One trick I did once when I wrote code somewhere that didn't have snprintf: create a pipe, fprintf into it, and only read at most N bytes back. It worked and was portable but I'm sure the performance was horrible; this wasn't anything professional, I was just messing around as a kid (back when it was more common to come across platforms that hadn't gotten to SUSv2 or C99 yet). Probably a better solution would be to steal an implementation from an open source libc. Not sure why that was downvoted. I'm sorry I offended you, downvoter, but in my defense I've seen much more inane comments not downvoted here. This is one area where C11 seems like it solves pointless non-problems. snprintf() is not all that "unsafe" in that it does do a bounds check, and the C99 version is clear about saying that the null terminator is included in the count. I also like the error conditions of C99 snprintf() better - it's more interesting to know the exact size required than it is to know that my buffer is not big enough. Reading the wish list I do get the impression that he doesn't have a great intuition about Win32. (My own background: I worked in the Windows division at MSFT for a few years). Particularly telling is the item about not knowing what form of IPC to use to simulate Unix domain sockets in pagent (no mention of Win32 rpc or named pipes), alongside some weird ideas about SendMessage and modal dialogs... Or the part where he says he won't do a wince port since he'd have to rewrite with wide strings (not that wince is as relevant as it used to be). I am surprised that the author of such great windows software is writing some of these things. It does bear repeating though that putty is a great application and the list of stuff he has knocked off on his changelog (same page as the wish list) looks impressive. I wonder if it's the younger YN crowd that is not seeing the connection? I was pretty young when I saw that movie in 1994, but it never occurred to me that it could be anything other than AIDS; the reference was completely unambiguous. I guess things had changed in the 12 years between the coinage of "AIDS" and that movie, but it still resembled the way people talked about it, and I think the memory of not knowing what it was was still fresh in the culture. He taught Elvis to dance. Usually this is the application's fault. When you open a file with the Windows API there is a bit mask of what another handle can do (read, write, and delete/rename). The problem occurs when you specify 0 for this parameter because you're looking at MSDN and you don't know what any of this means. That locks out concurrent access to the file. There are some other weird behaviors that probably shouldn't be there (such as renaming the parent of an open file or the behavior when an open file is deleted) but an application misusing the sharing flags is probably what you're thinking of. > that you can delete files that are currently open in another process in Windows? You can. However, there is an unfortunate behavior here that is different from Unix. When you delete an open file you cannot re-create one with the same name until the handle is dropped. (Once that gets to the NT APIs it will fail with STATUS_DELETE_PENDING until the last handle is dropped). You could work around this by doing rename + delete instead of just delete. I thought this behavior was dumb until I looked at the on-disk structure of FAT. No inodes. The filename is your inode. It makes it easier to implement a FAT driver if the semantics are such that the name entry sticks around until the file closes. That is a weak excuse, and sadly the people in the Windows division with the power to change this don't really care about it. (FYI, I worked in the Windows division from 2008-2011, not that I defend everything they do.) > poorly documented, non-zero flags so that I can read/write/delete from my process? Yeah, I agree this was kind of stupid. There are internal folks at MS, some of them quite influential, who think it's stupid too. But it's already been done. > The real problem is Microsoft's insane default file open semantics It's only "default" in that if you pass 0 it's what you get. If you think of "default" as FILE_SHARE_READ | FILE_SHARE_WRITE | FILE_SHARE_DELETE (and if everyone writing Windows software had that in their head) things would be a lot better. Granted that's a big if. > Trash the standard Windows API (not just hide it) This is the same fallacy a bunch of internal people came up with in Windows 8, however the truth is large chunks of the Windows API have nothing wrong with it. For example with what I'm sure are very simple changes in ntfs.sys, the corner cases around files being open [the ones I mentioned in my earlier post, not the ones around sharing flags if we consider them "by design"] go away, without invalidating every API in existence. > Hm, sounds like you're an insider! Was. As the comment you're replying to mentions in parenthesis, I wasn't there for all that long and I left a few years ago. Not that I in my lowly position would have been able to convince people to change some of this stuff... > Seems to me that Windows RT could run on any kernel or VM It's pretty heavily tied to Win32 and COM. I think the way you're talking about it is a little weird though. Would you criticize Android, for example, for having a Unix-like system underneath? I mean, 'cause Unix is like.. old, and stuff. Stuff simply being old isn't really a compelling reason to discard it. I'd say NT especially is mostly on the right track in terms of being a modern kernel. Not without its warts but it doesn't deserve comparison with DOS or 9x. COM has some good ideas at its core too. Excuse me, other than chastise the guy for not being on top of the story, what can you offer in terms of how much access Snowden actually had? I've been reading reports on this stuff and nobody has ever said exactly what he did or didn't have access to with any kind of precision. I believe he had access to something. But everything ? To the point where someone would say "how wouldn't he know?" without evoking laughter? However you feel about the guy, it is quite ridiculous to elevate Snowden to the point of omniscience. > How wouldn't he? Easy. Omniscience is not the default state of a human being. Perhaps he had access to information revealing this, and didn't find or read it. Perhaps he had no access to such a thing. I don't think we can safely assume he knows everything there is to know about anything the government (or even some small sector) is involved in. He's just one guy, after all. More of this Hollywood movie plot version of network security: > The analyst can then decide what he wants to do - the computer of the target person does not belong to them anymore, it then more or less belongs to the U.S. government. This is kind of like when he said: > You are not even aware of what is possible. The extent of their capabilities is horrifying. We can plant bugs in machines. Once you go on the network, I can identify your machine. Software types reading this stuff know that this is not how computer networks generally work. Maybe it is a dumbed-down reference to some sort of government malware. If so I would like to see more technical precision from Snowden before I can say that he has any chance of knowing what he's talking about. > not a stretch to imagine that the NSA can do it In what kind of numbers, though? I mean, from what I remember reading Stuxnet had this kind of crazy stuff in it (multiple zero-days if I recall), but also a clear target in Iran. Would they have the resources to do this to everybody? Is there any evidence of that? Certainly if there were it would be really fascinating to know more, but all we have is this movie plot scenario. With what Snowden says it makes it sound like they do it to anyone out of sheer boredom. I think to understand the scope of this claim we need more details. Even this vague comment is more specific than what Snowden is offering. I'd imagine it also involves a non-zero amount of hurdles (physical access? kernel mode privileges so you can flash BIOS?) which can be mitigated against. That's the weird thing about Snowden's claim. It makes them sound all-powerful. If it were really something concrete, there'd be more knowledge of scope, mitigations, etc. It's also hard to believe they are doing this on everyone, by default. It's always amusing watching people talk about Ron and Rand Paul on the internet. Usually they haven't quite figured out that they're basically fake libertarians. Ducks > The Pauls are ... The Pauls are basically grandstanders. They'll adopt any pseudo-libertarian position that they think makes a good soundbite. They record will show that they haven't actually done much of legislative consequence. Anyone who takes them at face value based on the soundbites IMO needs to develop more of a sense of cynicism when assessing politics. > You are confusing popularity with effectiveness. No, I am saying this ineffectiveness is motivated by lack of genuine interest. They're just opportunists, no better than any other. His son is even more blatant about this, showing up at the last minute with tough questions when something is in the headlines, but not showing any signs of prior interest or following through. It gets him quoted in the news a lot, and a lot of support from people who aren't paying attention. They are very willing to fall totally in line with the entrenched interests you mention. That they happen to be allowed token protest votes on stuff that won't be in serious danger is incidental. That and... I guess being pro-life is a big libertarian position? A few years ago I ran OpenBSD on a Thinkpad. Worked well. It was a lot like Linux used to be in the late 90s though... I tried to put it on a few other machines with less success. I think it's a shame they do java, but for a different reason. Too many kids are now coming up with little idea how the low level stuff works. How can you appreciate something like java and the problems it solves without experiencing what came before it? Moreover it's hard for me to think of anything that's been better for my career than the fact that I taught myself C as a teenager. But what exactly is "holding back"? I feel like Linux distros today come with too many crappy, overthought, over-engineered daemons that don't really offer much over the previously available interfaces. I guess parallelizing init scripts or making dependencies more explicit is a good thing in some sense, but I have to say, it's a breath of fresh air to see something like a *BSD system, which has an /etc/rc shell script that is easy to follow. Unlike Linux which frequently seeks out complex solutions from simple problem spaces. man pkill So you'd like to trade one hairball (shell script) for another (systemd). Trampolining is harder to do if you keep around this absurdity (sorry "security feature") of not being able to mark pages as executable. If they open this up for the objc runtime then any other code in the same process would be able to do it too. I could believe that some people buy into this explanation. However I get the impression the real reason those older systems bother Poettering is that they weren't written by him. Reading this I thought: how does one authenticate a pid or uid in a daemon? I am assuming Unix domain sockets, which don't provide you with the caller's pid or uid. Doing some googling I found there are indeed nonportable interfaces for this. First I found getpeerucred which is a Sun thing. Then I found Linux has a SO_PEERCRED socket option. [Edit: and there seems to exist getpeereid and LOCAL_CRED on some BSDs] Still seems like a weird or otherwise shaky thing to me. It feels like it breaks the abstraction of a socket. I think the easier way is to create the socket with high privileges, then drop down to lower privilege. Well, you could probably set up a sudoers file that allowed launching your daemon but blocked everything else. A hacky solution, but it does not involve giving up all the keys. I seem to recall reading ages ago how Hurd was going to solve issues like this, and make privileges into something else, tweakable by restarting some user mode process. But I guess there may be something to the other reply about "worse is better" - workable with some hacks is better than ideological purity and non working. (Not to say your daemon doesn't work, I am angling more towards a kernel that doesn't have that arbitrary low-port check.) Not sure why the emphasis is on children especially. This seems to affect thoughtful people of all ages. Or maybe, in that thoughtful, existentially-depressed way, the author is just understatedly asserting that adults are just big children. That would probably be overthinking it. I think most of us have probably deployed fixes without knowing 100% whether it helps, but based on a good hunch from looking at data and code. The reason I keep doing so is because so long as the hunch is good and based on facts, it keeps working. Tests are good, but there are always those issues those 0.001% issues that will never occur when you are trying to make them happen, but will happen to somebody once code is deployed. I am reminded of an incident a few years back where I could reproduce it with tests occasionally, but it would literally take me weeks of re-running the test 24/7 before I would hit it again. As you can imagine, I applied some "blind faith" (as in article) fixes while waiting for that stuff to run. PS: By the rules of wikipedia, this article probably shouldn't exist. Nonstandard terms, not notable, original research, blah blah blah. Ah. This makes my comment look silly then. Sometimes that kind of context is not obvious when these things come up on a site like HN. I actually find it much easier to code reliable stuff in C where you have to check error conditions manually. If for no other reason that it serves as a constant reminder that the failures happen, and if you're writing reliable software this forces you into consistent habits to handle them. I feel like in a language with exceptions, since throwing and catching happens inconsistently and haphazardly all around a code base, people are conned into thinking the exceptions will never happen. Usually one of two things happen: 1. The language is like java and it forces you to declare what exceptions you throw, so lazy people just put in lots of do-nothing catch blocks to silence the compiler. 2. The language doesn't have the "checked exceptions" concept, so people literally think no exceptions can happen. They just wait for the exception to make everything blow up. Often when exceptions are handled, this lack of explicitness makes sure it's done at totally the wrong stack frame to make the judgement call about what to do about it. Then some people do dumb shit like try to catch things like stack overflow exceptions which should rightfully take down the process, and keep running. Not to mention that an exception is just a wacky concept, it's essentially a goto that crosses stack frames... Everyone criticizes goto, but few people will question exceptions... Right, because there's never been a Googler who has ever made a mistake. All of them are perfect and none of them are stupid, never a bad hire made or even a momentary lapse of judgment. > I've been waiting to see a .dmg equivalent for Linux. In a very literal technical sense I have no idea what this means. Linux can mount a file as if it is a disk with -o loop. I suspect you're really talking about something else. App bundles perhaps? How complex is whack-run? A setuid binary should be sure to minimize its attack surface. It's just a quick look but when I see your shit-ton of .py files and then you say there is setuid involved it does not fill me with lots of confidence. I deleted the comment shortly seemingly before you replied, because I saw the setuid syscall. So I may have been overly paranoid. It sounds like you're really talking about app bundles plus some kind of container (to make the app bundle a single file instead of a directory). The thing about that is various *nix machines do not have a standardized user interface. Every Mac has Finder for example, so if Finder wants to call into various components (eg. to mount a .dmg on a double click) or create a metaphor layered on top of the directory concept (app bundle), there are a number of places to put that. A Linux system has no similar "one place" to make that consistent where it will be seen by everyone. Personally I consider that a feature rather than a bug. One person's idea of a better way of working could break another person's perfectly good workflow. If you want a Mac, get a Mac, and leave the rest of us alone. :-) I get more irritated that they can take an elegant and memorable phrase like "dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit" (pain itself, because it may be pain) and butcher it. Edit: downvoted?! Doesn't anyone on HN appreciate the classics? :-) Median time in position means that if a company hires a lot, it goes down. For example Amazon was high on this list, but anyone who's been to Seattle lately knows they are hiring like mad. I think you need some kind of metric that accounts for recent hires. Maybe some of those recent hires will leave in a year or two, but some of them won't. They should have allowed people to port old-style Win32 apps to ARM. They were IMO betting too much on the shiny new Windows Runtime which is not mature. If it won't run ported Win32 code there is no compelling reason to get it over an iPad or Android tablet. It's effectively a Windows tablet that doesn't run Windows apps. iPad and Android don't run Windows apps either, but they both have more and better software than the Windows Store and will probably continue to do so for some years to come. OTOH imagine if you could actually use that "Desktop" app to run useful software ported from x86. It might have some of the appeal of the Surface Pro. (Full disclosure: I worked in the Windows division during Win8 development. I left the company in 2011.) I found this whole discussion irritating because not a single person mentioned that with the memory demands of a web browser that you might not want GC. You can say all this BS about momentum but in my mind avoiding GC is probably the best and most relevant reason in 2013. Thank you for mentioning it. Shows how dependent on GC a large part of the community of developers have become - they are incapable of imagining a world without it. (PS: I am amused when people mention that being 20-50% slower is described as fixing the performance gap.) Let's look at the signature of qsort() from libc: void qsort(void *base, size_t nmemb, size_t size, int (*compar)(const void *, const void *)); qsort is a function inside of libc.so. It's already been compiled. It doesn't know about the "compar" pointer you're going to pass it. That function might not even exist yet. qsort doesn't know if you're sorting integers, sorting strings, sorting struct foo which is still being ironed out. It knows how to sort arrays. You give it the size of each element, the number of elements, and a function pointer that it will call to compare elements. It will call you back and you can stick your data-structure-specific knowledge into that function. (This turns out to be a lousy way to sort arrays, by the way. If you used a C++ template instead, the comparison function could be inlined directly in the sort algorithm, which gives you better object code. But you lose the possibility that the caller and callee exist in different modules, for example.) This is one thing I don't understand about HN sometimes. I always get replies that seen to angrily "disagree". But I've already made your point in my parenthetical remark. There are of course other times where the function pointer overhead doesn't matter as much and the modularity of not having things as templates is desirable. Sorting is just a bad example. Comments nest in w3m, which is my favorite text web browser on the strength of its formatting. However I've never been able to log in with w3m. I know political discussion on HN is frowned upon by some, but I get amused thinking of hypothetical reaction from the president's opponents. This seems to be an action against regulation of business, but it's the Obama administration, therefore... Communism! Apple is in the tank for Obamacare! Thanks, good sir, for confirming everything I was saying. (It's funny that you begin by assuming I am unfamiliar with such positions. Thinking they are goofy, humorous and exaggerated is very different from never having been exposed to them. It was exactly this exposure that compelled me to write this, even knowing that it would be a target of downvotes and flames.) A subset is still included in the larger set. So thank you for agreeing with me. PS: I don't think the "good relationships with government" have been established to be causal to the result, beyond vague innuendo. My reading of the source material is that the administration is blocking an instance of a government entity "picking winners and losers". If you take off your John Galt Goggles maybe you would parse it that way too. It's upsetting that you dismiss my dismissal, because a lot of the "criticism" I do see, including in this thread, amounts to little more than a transparently knee-jerk reaction that tends to be very lazy with the details. I am not mocking every criticism of Obama I have ever seen, only the crazy people who see the word "Obama" and instantly start talking about Kenya and health care regardless of the topic, drawing comparisons with the Axis powers (yes! this happened on this thread very early!) and a whole bunch of other shit that has nothing to do with anything. I don't think you can deny that this line of thought exists in the American psyche and it has more influence than it ought to. But I would like to make another thing clear: Obama is a center-right politician. Your first line implies that I am a "proponent of [his] administration" but I am considerably to the left of that guy. But a large component of the attitude I am mocking is that many Obama haters really don't care about the details, they just know they're against the guy. Here's a guy who's got a tax plan from George Bush, a health care plan from Dole/Gingrich and implemented by Romney, a more competent wiretapper, assassin, and immigrant-deporter than his predecessor - even if some of these critics previously held similar beliefs as Obama, they don't care about any of that, he's just Satan to them. This includes congresspeople who are now against things they previously sponsored, because it's now an Obama plan. Witness on this thread that the administration is actually blocking "government intrusion in the marketplace", and people are really just finding excuses to find faults with this because of what party it comes from. I'd say on the balance they've proved my initial assertion right, far more than I expected even from the pseudo-libertarians I am accustomed to seeing on HN. Can you show me the counter-example that proves this alleged favoritism? Some action by US ITC or recent enforcement of the Tariff Act that you feel is particularly egregious? My previous experience with Obama-haters and pseudo-libertarians tells me the answer is probably no. But I am open to evidence to the contrary. Absent that I can't just assume an Apple/Obama conspiracy by default. I remember a bit over ten years ago, "javascript is annoying" was a mainstream position among hacker types. That seems to be long gone by now. I guess hardware catching up with resource requirements took away one of the biggest reasons against it. And most people really embraced the web as more than a document platform. I think part of me still misses the old way of thinking about it. Even ignoring the fact that these are not exactly the same... How does introducing a new interface necessarily "obsolete" the old one? Particularly when the old one is part of a standard, and the new one is not. I see the first two sentences of your reply as inextricably linked and contradictory. You don't think it's the culture of it being acceptable to make sites that won't work without JS that is ultimately forcing the Tor folks to enable it? For instance, reading up on this subject I found this: > Why is NoScript configured to allow JavaScript by default in the Tor Browser Bundle? Isn't that unsafe? > We configure NoScript to allow JavaScript by default in the Tor Browser Bundle because many websites will not work with JavaScript disabled. Most users would give up on Tor entirely if a website they want to use requires JavaScript, ... https://www.torproject.org/docs/faq.html.en#TBBJavaScriptEna... Drunken rant? He comes off as much more reasonable than Yegge. Which part is the drunken rant? I only skimmed the religious part because it doesn't interest me, but I have read much worse than this from both religious types and software prima donnas. This is mild. OK, so he says stuff about his religious views. Not my cup of tea either but he doesn't come off as a jerk about it. And it's fair, IMO, for someone to say their religious views influence their work. That is up to them, their personal opinion. Just because I am not religious myself doesn't mean I have to trash him about it. (Hint: When he says he hears from God, I don't think that's literal.) I'm wondering if both you and Yegge are misrecognizing some of his sarcasm? (I guess Yegge is probably also exaggerating the personal aspect for comedic effect.) Mental health is too much of a niche market. We need people to focus on the real problems faced by everyday people, such as: Which unlicensed taxi service will get me from SOMA to the Mission the fastest? OK, now I reread and I see the claim is that Yegge is drunk. Makes more sense now. I was floored that they let such an ignorant comment into the first paragraph: > This is somewhat controversial in Windows, due to its weak file protections, but that's the way things are. I read this as: we haven't bothered to look into the APIs for this... The Windows file permission model is a lot more granular than the "uid/gid/other" that most people are familiar with from Unix. Maybe this is a problem if you install to FAT32, which Windows disallowed since 2006. Edit: Apparently the text used to be: > This is somewhat controversial in Windows, especially Windows 98 due to its weak file protections, but that's the way things are. A user MarkDoliner then wrote: > We no longer support Windows 98, so don't mention it. But somehow in his editing neglected to make it a true statement. Does anybody else remember what people said about Eazel in 2000? Because what you are saying is giving me deja vu. If only some designers would come in and fix Linux, it'd be a smashing success, inevitably. Didn't work out so well for those guys. Let's see if I have that right: * The designer did it, not me! * I argued with him for months and ended up saying "ah, screw it". * Ubuntu and Gnome do it too! I don't see any of these as exculpatory. Not that what you've done is necessarily wrong per se , I'd just rather you come by it honestly. I don't think any of these designs (or for example some of the icons - or even the decision to group elements into these categories) are "inevitable". This is one thing that frustrates me about Hacker News, and why I am considering just not bothering with this site in the future. Anytime I am honest about my reactions to stuff, along come the downvoters. You cannot justifiably call people on bullshit, vacuousness, "buck-passing", intellectual laziness, or anything like that. You just have to let everybody else's bullshit slide, or pad your criticism with passive aggressive nonsense and pats on the back ("good job, brah"), and sing kumbaya and talk about javascript and entrepreneurship or whatever bullshit. What kind of "hacker" community does not allow room for the occasional independent thought expressed with a hint of abrasiveness? I welcome downvotes from passive aggressive screwballs on this site. They are a badge of honor. latex. I had my first exposure to Objective-C using GNUstep on a Linux box in about 2002. I am grateful that it existed and it was there for me to be exposed to it; I was pretty young and probably could not have afforded a Mac in those days. As objc and Apple itself has gained so much steam over the years, it's kind of funny to have learned it long ago via a clone of NeXT stuff. Most folks working in the language have no idea that it could possibly exist outside of Apple and tend to think of all the framework underneath them as a black box. I think maybe some of these folks would learn something by looking at an open source re-implementation of these NS* classes, or attempting such an endeavor themselves, even if on a small scale. Also: objc is just too interesting for Apple to hog it all for themselves, or for it to be a one-implementation language. I don't know if I'll go quite that far; I'm not going to put on objc blinders to the point where I'm unwilling to see what other platforms do well. But man, seeing objc and comparing it with its peers across multiple decades... In a world where most people were doing C++ and doing it badly[1], or doing Java and doing it badly, it was very eye-opening to see this tiny little runtime that adds objects to C and doesn't do a bad job of it. [1] and I'm talking the pre-STL, pre-C++11 at that. So you can't boot OS X by taking stock Darwin/XNU and recompile? If so that is kind of disappointing. I understand they have private code that they don't want to open up but it would be nice if you could still boot with a self-compiled kernel. On some platforms there is a closefrom() call that will do this. (In *BSD it's a syscall, googling around it looks to be a library function on Solaris.) Best to use that if it's available, as hardcoding paths like /dev/fd or /proc/self/fd will not be portable. (Neither will closefrom() be really, but at least it's semantically clear what it does and you can bring-your-own one of those for platforms that lack it.) It's interesting that starting a new process in a signal handler is something you want to do. (I just searched and yes I understand fork() and exec() are spec'd by POSIX to be safe.) It seems like writing safe signal handlers is hard enough, making them multiprocess seems like a "now you have two problems" kind of thing. I suppose if I am not mistaken you could go the pre-readdir() route and open a directory with open() and read it with read(). Probably a portability mess though. Glad to hear. It was suspect. "I can't be bothered to figure out how to build so I guess we'll patch the binary." I guess Apple doesn't exactly shout from the rooftops how to do this but I see now that this is the top Google hit for "building xnu". So it's not too hidden. OK, so you need some stuff to build. The point is the runtime dependencies are small. It also requires a compiler to build. Where's your rant about that? (I keep promising myself to stop reading HN threads about C and C++ due to so much inanity. Looks like I caved.) > So, C. How do you translate the errors across function calls? are you, or are your functions just returning 0/1? (at which point, you've lost much of the richness of exceptions, I think) If you think your options are only "returning 0/1", you're not being creative enough. For example COM has a 32-bit integer called HRESULT that all methods return. The high bit says something is an error. A few bits in the high 16 bits indicate where an error is from. The low 16-bits are private to whatever space is specified in the aforementioned bits. So if you take an error like 0x80070002 you can say it's an error, from the Win32 subsystem, and the error code is 0002 or file not found in this specific instance. Another component can set the high bits differently and end up with their own 16-bit error codes. I find when I write COM code the errors are much more meaningful than in a high-level language because it's all very explicit, you're constantly thinking about it at every function call, whereas in exception-based systems it's all just very haphazard and hand-wavy. Or you could look at something like glib. Each method might have an out parameter which is a gerror object. This includes an error code and a string. In other words there are several conventions out there. If you pick one and stick with it across a code base you can be very productive with a minimal amount of nonproductive "philosophical questions" like the ones in your post. Even if you have several libraries which have different conventions, you can adapt their conventions to the conventions of your code base and it's typically not a big deal. > Instead of handling errors now at the source and handler, you'll also need to handle them at every intermediate point (if (f()) { free things; return ???; }), Actually this "early return" pattern is quite bad in plain C, because if you have N allocations for example, each "return" statement needs to free between 0 and N buffers before leaving the function. That gets very maddening. One way to avoid this is to have only one "return" statement at the end of your function and free any loose buffers if-and-only-if they are non-null. This involves either constantly re-checking some error status, or using a goto to jump to the end of your function when something fails. IMO the 2nd is much cleaner. (Let that wrap around your high-level-language brain... but also know that any large C only code base is doing the same thing if they are sane; grep the Linux kernel for "goto" and you might start to get a picture... and while you're bashing C error handling and probably thinking ill for me for pulling out "goto", please keep in mind your "exception" concept is really just a goto that crosses stack frames...) In the end this pretty well simulates what you'd do in destructors in a C++ code base following the RAII pattern. > and this burden makes exceptions wonderful. In my experience it, on the contrary the exception concept just makes sure you have no idea that stuff can fail, and every small failure in a "shockingly" unexpected place blows up your entire program and terminates the process. Or you have Java's goofy "checked exceptions" concept and so lazy programmers will introduce do-nothing catch blocks to shut up the compiler. You don't have to cast void * back and forth to anything. void *p = /* ... */; char *q = p; Despite what the C++ weenies will say this is valid C! Please do not commit this cardinal sin: char *p = (char*)malloc(n); No no no! No need to cast that! Please just write: char *p = malloc(n); And if somebody tells you that won't compile without an explicit cast, please kindly remind them what language you are writing. [Actually I agree with you that C++ templates are really nice, chiefly for the reason that they allow you to avoid function pointers . In C++ you can pass your "callback" to a template and it gets inlined right with the body of the function.] > You have the exact same problem in C. Either programmers have no idea that library functions can fail and never check return codes, or you have something like gcc's warn_unused_result and lazy programmers introduce do-nothing error-code checks You forgot the other option. The careful programmer knows they have to check return codes and is suspicious when it's not happening. With exceptions you have no idea when they can happen because it's not part of the function signature. Or in the case of Java, handling errors is like homework, a constant struggle to keep the nagging compiler happy, instead of a consistent style that you apply throughout a code base. If "the user" is compiling code then yes, that is a dependency for them or their package manager/ports system to track. However many times the user installs a binary and never needs the source. The other thing, I think this highlights one difference between C programmers and others, and maybe explains our disagreement. People coding in C often care a lot about the object code. It's not all that uncommon to look at the assembly and question what your compiled has done and make tweaks to get the binary looking better. Hence the disconnect between me saying runtime dependencies are the most important thing and you saying you don't want to install autotools to build. To me the latter complaint comes from a completely different planet. > Today, that whole area is basically Disneyland. I am sure lots of entities public and private have contributed to and accelerated this situation, but we must also keep in mind the nationwide trends in violent crime in the last few decades. I think this sets the stage more than any particular mayor, police chief, development company etc. can do. There is no sense waiting for strncmp. The only logical solution is to replace it with 8 macros. Anyone looking to purchase a souped up Honda Civic? It might also be "interesting" to you the number of monolingual people born and raised in the US who have "non-Anglo-American" origins. It always puzzles me to see statements like this... Maybe I'm biased by the fact that I am American but don't have a western european surname and a good number of Americans I interact with do not either. In what part of the country does it seem remarkable for someone to have a "non-Anglo-American" name? Yes, I was thinking specifically about "pockets" which have long history of this.. Germans in places like PA or OH, Irish and Italians in basically any northeastern city, Polish and other Slavs in Chicago, Nordic in the upper midwest, Ashkenazi in New York, Dutch in New York, French in Louisiana, Spanish in the west but increasingly everywhere... Even taking 20th and 21st century immigration as "rounding error", I don't think there's very many places you can go without being surrounded with non-English names. > These days, there are Java programmers who get that "deer in headlights" look when confronted with terms such as "cache line miss". Forget that, most of these folks can't reason about a program that doesn't have automatic garbage collection. Even if they have direct experience with C or similar, I have asked recent grads how they imagine reference counting or malloc/free works, and they very often start pulling out GC-influenced magical thinking about "the system" reclaiming things under the covers. I'll confess, I don't understand YAGNI. I think I've been tainted by too many counter-examples: seeing a piece of code that was specially written for a very narrow and specific use case, and needing to extend it to some scenario that the original author did not envision. If the author hadn't been thinking in terms of re-use and extensibility ("because they ain't gonna need it"), it gets frustrating and regression-prone. In other words, you ain't gonna need it, until you eventually do. Lazy programmers shouldn't be excused for dismissing maintainability with a simple catch phrase. I've worked at Microsoft, so maybe I do know what a slow-moving BigCo is like. Yet for all the cruft I did see, I never once recall thinking, "if only these people had YAGNI..." Usually the problem was just the opposite, that something was built that was overly specialized and not re-usable and somehow managed to spread its implementation details all over the place. The factory-factory-factory example reminds me of a certain brand of OO spaghetti, very typical of people who are applying ideas from OOP but don't have a firm grasp of what problem those ideas were meant to solve. I see that problem as distinct from YAGNI, it's just a problem of bad design. My own advice would be: it's fine to make some shortcuts in the interest of productivity, but please try to keep them isolated. The details of your shortcut shouldn't leak heavily into your design, and the next person to maintain it should be able to swap out pieces without fearing the rest of the thing will fall over. > Without Objective-C GNUstep. > it is no better than using a *BSD. Actually it's quite likely to be worse. Is there any good reason Apple is using that Mach stuff other than momentum and having developers who know it well? IMO any given BSD project has a more coherent design than XNU. I used to use and develop with GNUstep (just small personal projects) for a good chunk of the 2000s decade, until I lost interest. A lot of the important stuff is there. AFAIK they have parity with 10.4 or so. It's true that there isn't a lot of momentum behind the project. I suspect that's just a lack of people. I wonder if they'd be receptive if some folks just jumped in and implemented more of the missing stuff. I am guessing yes. The spirit of my comment is: you can't say objc doesn't exist outside of Apple. It's there in some form. It might even more "there" if people start using and developing it. We as individuals have the power to do that. Dismissing it very early strikes me as defeatist. linuxly, the social network/unlicensed taxi service for your 386 processor. ... which is not nothing. These developments come from somewhere, I don't understand why one would bash GNUstep because it's not a unicorn. My memory of 1990s Linux development is hazy (I was a young kid at the time), but my recollection is ~5 years after this post they paid a huge cost in effort to get it to work on Alpha, and after that the required effort to port to other stuff went down. So maybe it's more like "simple initial implementation, massive rewrite later". Edit: Also worth noting that the 386 was the first "modern" Intel CPU in terms of instruction set and interfaces provided to kernel developers, so requiring 32-bit CPU with an MMU excludes a lot of machines in 1991 but not so many machines in the years that followed. What he's saying is he won't port to 286 which is a very obvious decision but maybe not so much if your frame of reference was Minix. (Later on I do seem to remember there used to be a port of Linux to MMU-less varieties of 68K in the late 90s, like some of the other replies are asking for. Not sure how well it ever worked.) The \\?\ thing is a weird hack. There are other side-effects of \\?\, for example the system will stop removing trailing spaces and dots from path elements. So you could have a filename that fits well within the limit of MAX_PATH but is inaccessible without \\?\ - just end it with a dot or a space. It's not even always MAX_PATH directly that decides when you need \\?\. IIRC for a directory you must fit within MAX_PATH minus the length of a slash and an 8.3 filename. There are other limits, for example by the time a create gets to the NT APIs the path must fit in a UNICODE_STRING structure which has a maximum length of 0xffff/sizeof(WCHAR). Once I was curious about probing the limits and I created an absolute path that was longer than this limit. I did it with something like this cmd script: mkdir a :top ren a a.tmp mkdir a move a.tmp a\ goto :top Sure enough I was able to create a dir that would stump just about anyone's recursive-directory-delete code. To delete it on my own filesystem I wrote a similar rename-loop to unravel it. If you ever want to play a prank on a Windows programmer who recursively enters directories, show them this. Thank you for reminding me that "tenet" is one of those words that has a weird MSFT-cult meaning, and an entirely separate meaning to those who are more sane of mind. :-) You missed the part where _Bool is not the same as int. They have a ferry don't they? I haven't seen anything written by this guy. Can someone explain why people on HN seem to conflate mental illness with writing an operating system? Is this just the HN attitude of having just learned js/ruby yesterday and being afraid of low level details? I used to work on a small kernel just as a fun hobby project. I haven't had much time to do much with it lately but it was a lot of fun. I would think that this should be encouraged instead of mocked. I guess I figured it was a logical place to have a ferry. Wikipedia says it was created the same year as the bridge opened (1936), so a totally bridge dependent island does make sense. Googling for "treasure island ferry" has a lot of results. Apparently some would suggest there is one planned? > Now you're just embarrassing yourself. No actually, I am not embarrassed to point out that this problem exists on HN. Read any comment thread that deals with low-level anything. It's painful. Edit: Prerequisite: to feel just how painful it is, you must understand the topic being discussed. I did google him. The impression I get from HN comments: 1. I see posts making fun of this guy's mental illness. 2. I see posts making fun of how he's working on an OS. I don't think either one is particularly cool. Can you please re-read what you're replying to? I do not feel that it went through. I presume from your response that you are OK with: 1. Making fun of mental illness. (I hope that mental illness doesn't have to afflict your family before you realize what's wrong with that.) 2. Making fun of working on an OS. (Still uncool.) To answer your question, yes, I read his comments. Ouch. I'll keep that in mind for next time I attempt a kind word for people with mental illness, that nknighthb has a problem with that. > Your very first post in this thread was a deliberate insult to the entire community dressed up as a request for "explanation". IMHO nobody's really made a convincing case that at least some small part of this community hasn't ostracized this guy for either his mental illness or for his interest in operating systems. Having looked at comments surrounding this guy I still see people doing both. I've gotten some nice replies from people who aren't trying to judge him but I still do see other users doing both. I wanted to speak my conscience about that. I may have been tainted by the first thread I saw here making reference to this guy. Someone basically directly, flat out said you'd have to be crazy to write your own compiler and OS. I am searching on Google and using HN search and I can't find that thread. It was a few months back. But in my searches I did find people making fun of the guy very directly, albeit a long time ago and in some cases downvoted: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4466947 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4467278 And the more recent discussions, even in this thread... I do feel they have a bit of a subtext. Initially, you didn't give me a lot of context when you dismissed me as a pompous ass. You didn't give me any reason to think you had read and understood my original comment. My reading of it, without that context, was to assume you were OK with dismissing people based on their health problems. This especially bothered me because I have a family member with such problems. I've seen so many people be dismissive of this kind of thing seemingly because they have never experienced anything like it, and without a lot of context in your reply I put you in that bucket. When I saw your reply to my reply I understood a bit better, and so please allow me to say right now: I am sorry. At the same time I did kind of feel that you went a little overboard in your reaction. My original comment wasn't necessarily directed at you specifically, it was a sort of open question based on having seen threads here discussing mental illness and writing an OS. That said, it's not so much of a stretch to take a literal read of this: > I get that he's mentally ill (I read up on his OS the other day) ... and conclude that there may be a link between OS and mental illness in the author's mind. I did find it a puzzling juxtaposition. To be frank, the juxtaposition is still odd. Downvotes continue. I have seen this story before. For a self-styled "hacker" community this place values orthodoxy an awful lot. And passive aggressiveness to boot. I think it must come from an excess of javascript and VC bullshit. ducks Also they are unable to tell when I am joking or exaggerating. I feel like the N900 was very close to what they needed. Take that, give it "minor" features like support for portrait mode (!), give it some modern hardware with a capacitive touch screen, and I think they would have really had something. I didn't like the UI refresh in the N9 as much. It felt like they took a few steps back. It did seem like Maemo/Meego was mismanaged, which is sad because it did have potential. I have no idea what went on at Nokia, but my guess would have to be that they never fully committed to it; it was just somebody's side-project, and all the talk that it would be their next-gen primary platform was just lip service. As if nobody expected it would ever ship "for real". For those million timestamps I am sure that those extra allocations from the statement APIs are not helpful. Since he references the C code sqlite is using (at a quick glance it looks pretty contained) I don't know why he doesn't just include it directly in his project and call it from objc, no statement API needed. [Edit: I see now that in the test there is only 1 statement object ever created for a test of a million dates. Better than I thought initially. But my guess is the statement object still creates some degree of inefficiency not found in directly calling the C version.] 7 seconds is a long time in CPU terms, I am sure that he can do better. sqlite happens after the objc version. Are the results any different when the sqlite code comes first? Actually the fairest comparison would be to store the dataset in a file, and have a process for timing NSDateFormatter, and a different one for testing sqlite. This would eliminate any advantage that a warm cache might give you. I do not know this code but the diff, posted elsewhere in this thread, looks more than trivial to me. Such changes tend to have maintenance cost. If the original authors don't care about the functionality and aren't testing it, it's probably not worth keeping, as they may go through great pains to leave it in and still end up breaking it frequently. Does anyone else see the "-The Management" comment as having more than a tinge of sarcasm? I think people are taking it a little too seriously. You still see no attempt at humor or lightheartedness in this? May I remind you that his email ends in .co.uk, so many people may need to apply a "British humour filter". Most of his commits have "Signed-off-by:" with a name; he replaced "signed-off" with "ordered" and the name with a vague reference to "The Management". The further context I was thinking of was this: http://cgit.freedesktop.org/xorg/driver/xf86-video-intel/com... > I'm obviously aware of both commits, and of much, much further context beyond the commits. Maybe you should share that first, rather than leaving it implicit. (If your comment tells the whole story I am unconvinced. OK, so the guy merged a patch, then it turns out he did not in fact have the blessing of his employer, so he reverted it with a slightly snarky commit message. Any more context I should be aware of beyond that? It does not sound like a huge conspiracy to me.) Edit: also, what does "The Management" mean? This guy's immediate supervisor? Intel CEO? I feel like some people are taking an oddly paranoid reading of the situation. I don't know anything about Intel specifically but I have worked at a large company, I am willing to bet that the higher you get in Intel's management the less they care about Ubuntu. You made it sound like you had inside knowledge of Intel's decision making process that is relevant here. If that's the case I think you should disclose it instead of getting mad at me or assuming it is universal knowledge. Our thread from last week is totally unrelated to any of this. I would rather not engage in discussion that is based on personal animosity. Let's stay on topic. So saying that publicly signing something "The Management" while working in a company the size of Intel is comically vague, and saying people should lighten up a bit without additional info and perspective, that is acting in bad faith? I am not trying to offend anyone with this commentary, it is my own opinion. I am pretty sure I did say these things. But nevermind. More importantly I don't think I'm guilty of nearly the malice you ascribed to me, and a part of me is wondering where you are based on the off chance we can share a beverage of your choice and you can see I'm not a monster. Is it the thread from last week that has you angry at me? The quote from the alleged NSA document is in fact interesting (ellipsized here): > Who knew in 1984 ... the zombies would be paying customers I feel that this misses an important point in the book. I am reminded of this dialog with the prole who rents Winston an apartment (no spoilers about what happens): > ‘There’s no telescreen!’ he could not help murmuring. > ‘Ah,’ said the old man, ‘I never had one of those things. Too expensive. And I never seemed to feel the need of it, somehow. ...’ Any time there is some technology facing broad adoption, you can imagine some holdouts saying this. Televisions. Cell phones. Smart phones. "Too expensive. I don't see a need for it." The implication is there was one point in time where the people willingly adopted the means of surveillance. One would expect that it offered them something in return. Well, I tried. I would humbly suggest that one person's "lashing out" could be another's simple misunderstanding. In the meantime I think there is a phrase you used to describe me, something along the lines of "willful misinterpretation"; I believe you may have done the same for me. > Why is it even possible for DLLs/applications to disable ASLR by themselves Compatibility with old apps. There is software out there in the world that relies on the address space not changing, either deliberately or due to bugs. You could argue that they shouldn't do that, but people get pissed when their stuff doesn't work with the new Windows. The most cautious thing they can do for these apps is make it opt-in. (I believe the default may be different for amd64? Not sure..) > decision for the ... admin I believe the policy is also a system setting, and maybe even you can override the value in the PE header this way. It's very clear from this that Linus is on it. A shill for the NSA! On the payroll! On a related matter, how can I trust that my tinfoil supply has not been tainted? I read this article as a very verbose way of saying "beginners make mistakes". Just because this particular mistake might not exist in some other places (say in a language without unsigned types) doesn't mean the beginner won't make similarly horrible mistakes in that other language. I suppose you could s/beginner/person/ on that statement as well, with lower probability of mistakes but still nonzero. Speaking as another insensitive east coaster[1], I kind of disagree. As a guy, I still remember specific times in my youth when I realized that women simply aren't allowed access to many places, situations, or neighborhoods that I can walk through without problems. They face harassment, if not real, physical threats to safety in many situations which routinely seem mundane to me, and I catch myself taking for granted all the time. Coming to terms with this is already a bit of a head-trip as a guy, but now that I have a baby daughter it is all the more relevant. So, if someone wants to write an app, I'm not going to knock them. [1] In fairness maybe I've gone soft for living out west in the last 5 years, though I continue to have my share of cultural clashes with people who can't take a joke or just take the whole world too seriously. > people only use two spaces after a period because thats what they were taught and are too stubborn to change. Are you sure it's stubbornness that you're describing? I was taught to use 2 spaces when I was 5 or 6, and in the meantime I have been typing things for the majority of my life. When I pound out two spaces at the end of a sentence it's not out of pride or because I'm consciously thinking about it. Telling me I'm "too stubborn" to write a single space is like saying I'm too stubborn to change my handwriting or use a Dvorak layout; these things would require conscious effort and attention to things that I am not currently thinking about, or to change what I am writing and this would slow me down. Or, considering how young I was taught, you might as well say I'm "too stubborn" to stop other current habits developed at around the same time, like bathing regularly or brushing my teeth. Frankly if I have to please folks like you I'd rather just pipe everything I write into sed s/\ \ /\ /g. That way I don't have to drop my productivity by consciously thinking about spacing between sentences. OTOH, not one person has ever mentioned this habit to me, so it must not really be a problem. A: People do it out of stubbornness. B: I don't think I'm stubborn. I do it totally unconsciously since a very young age and it would be hard for me to change, similar to handwriting. Besides, nobody seems to notice the difference. A: (Sigh.) Programmers just won't understand... Sorry, but I see that last reply as neither here nor there. It's actually kind of laughable, like some stereotypical "design-snob" thing to say. I don't see any support of your position in your comments, just that people who do it differently from you are stubborn and uneducated. (It's very ironic because it doesn't seem like you've considered how it'd be if someone flipped this the other way and directed such comments at you.) Meanwhile I've typed double spaces for multiple decades and haven't ever had anyone ask me to do it the other way. Seems you've a lot of people to educate. If only they had access to some kind of command line tool which lets you bulk pull and push and merge histories. Do you think they have something like that at github? :-) They say you shouldn't explain your own jokes. My comment was that github is built around a tool that makes it really easy and efficient to import and merge histories. Namely git. It's amusing that the value-add portion of github, the web bits, suffer from problems like this, that a tool like git could conceivably be applied to. Sounds like that works for you. I don't think it would work for me. Unlike some in this thread though, I am not going to say that my preferences work for everybody. I'd also note that in a point on the unit circle, cosine is the x coordinate and sine is the y coordinate. A good reason to try flipping a cosine first. See this: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Unit_circle.svg (I still remember how people would describe trig in high school, it is a wonder more teachers didn't explain the cos = x, sin = y thing. Probably because my teachers did not understand math.) My experience with math education in the US is that they approach it as unapproachable. It is supposed to be some sort of magic, that only limited practitioners may understand, and even then only after an incredibly slow introduction. People teaching it are usually unqualified. Then if you're like me, when you get to college you get exposed to a lot better, then you wonder what those k-12 people were thinking. But a lot of people don't make it that far, because their earlier experience makes them think math is uninteresting or they'll never be any good at it. Note that my experience involved going to a supposedly "good" school district. There is the entirely unrelated problem of schools varying in quality based on where you live. For the record The Manchurian Candidate was a book before it was a movie. I read the book once long ago but don't remember much about it. In contrast the imagery of the movie is very hard to forget. Microsoft's phone team did react promptly. Probably not many people remember that they were originally planning to ship a "Windows Mobile 7" product which was an evolution of WM6. They axed that and started over, and the result was Windows Phone 7. They messed up a lot of things both before and after that point (sometime in 2009 I think?), but there was a definite change in course in reaction to where the market was going. I don't really understand why you would want this other than to trick yourself into thinking you are writing java. (I already find it really annoying when people port their Javaisms to C++.) Yes, actually, I don't think it's controversial to say that Java did more to popularize immutable strings than any of the languages you're thinking of. And when people get CS degrees completely centered around Java, bring this kind of "feature" and others to C++, they end up churning out what looks a lot like pretend-Java. Great images, though I'd imagine in real life it would look a bit different from uniform beige boxes. > The city has no finance industry Right, because that gives a place substance... This is a really wordy article to express very simple ideas. The author is trying hard to dismiss those of us who prefer the non-corn-syrup taste, but I don't think they've succeeded here. At best they've shown some combination of: * It's a minority of people who prefer the non-corn-syrup taste. * Some people prefer glass bottles. * Most people aren't that conscious of the difference. As to this suggestion to Coca-Cola: > Bottle American HFCS-sweetened Coke in Mexican Coke bottles, and just tell everyone it comes from Mexico. They do sell corn syrup coke in single-serving glass bottles at some places. I have sometimes bought them mistakenly thinking it was the Mexican one. When this happens I taste the difference and don't like it. Corn syrupy beverages just taste unpleasant to me. It took me a while to realize this, but once I did I found I can consciously discern the taste of corn syrup. I have the same objection with bottled sweetened tea, for example. Some brands have corn syrup and some brands have sugar. I tend to like the latter and dislike the former. This has happened to me even when I wasn't aware of the ingredients. As far as I know the fact that "the sound is different" from most European languages is not really due to any "corruption" (like the Norman Conquest) but due to this: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Vowel_Shift Quoting from the Wikipedia article linked above: > Vowels of Middle English had "continental" values much like those remaining in Spanish and liturgical Latin. However, during the Great Vowel Shift, the two highest long vowels became diphthongs, and the other five underwent an increase in tongue height. As for syntax I've always heard and read that it sounds very natural to speakers of Germanic languages. The carrier model doesn't exist equally in all places. This confuses me because it seems to contradict your original comment, and make exactly the point I was trying to nudge toward. I agree with you that the unsubsidized price does not matter in the United States for example, but one must acknowledge that this is a US-centric view and cannot explain what goes on worldwide. I read somewhere that most iPhone sales aren't in the US, so I suspect it doesn't even explain just Apple taken in isolation. I was not talking about market share. Of the raw number of iPhones sold, what percentage are sold in the US? (This by the way was not even my primary point. I can't tell what your primary point is because you've contradicted yourself.) First comment: > It doesn't matter than the iPhone costs twice as much Most recent comment: > The iPhone (and other high-end smartphones) are less popular in countries where they are purchased unsubsidized. This reads as a contradiction to me, as I've stated. I pointed out that your first comment didn't tell the entire story, and ever since then you've seemingly agreed with me. :-) It was never stated that the first comment was only about the United States. Also the topic of the latest This American Life: http://www.thisamericanlife.org/radio-archives/episode/505/u... Since it is Sunday and that's when they post the MP3s I listened to some of it today ... I had known of the dangers but had no idea how easy it was to get into dangerous territory. Interesting presentation as well. > so persistently pushed by MS People still flame how MS uses 16-bit characters, which IMO is a bit of an unfair criticism. (Full disclosure: I used to work for them. But I was never a koolaid drinker.) I don't think they have any religious aversion to UTF-8, it's just history. By adopting Unicode as early as they did, they made this decision before UTF-8 existed and they stuck with it. Probably the bigger crime is not switching to UTF-8 as the default "ANSI"/"multi-byte" codepage (to use the Windows terms). This means C programmers who are not Windows experts often end up writing non-Unicode-safe software because they expect every string to be char*. (Also as has been mentioned UTF-16 is not fixed. And even in UTF-32 there are instances where a single glyph takes multiple code points - the decomposed accent marks are the one example I know, possibly there are others?) Can you explain how utf-16 is a design flaw? This sounds totally kooky to me. Are you thinking of the more limited UCS-2? Utf-16 represents the same set of chars as utf-8. It's true that lots of errors can occur when people assume 1 wchar = 1 codepoint = 1 glyph but utf-8 has similar complexity and I've seen plenty of people screw it up too. It sounds much more to me like you are saying that "not working how I am used to" is the same as "design flaw". Edit: put another way, the NT kernel since its inception represented and continues to represent all strings as 16 bit integers, saying that they need to "meaningfully address this" is like saying Linux should migrate away from 8-bit strings; there is no reason to do it. A lossless conversion exists and I fail to see it as a big deal, it's just a historical thing because NT's initial development predates UTF-8. > You need two versions of functions. For Windows this is entirely a compatibility thing. One could imagine a world in which that was not strictly necessary. A good best practice for a Win32 app is to always use 16-bit strings when calling system APIs and pretend the "ANSI" versions don't exist; I would not recommend anything else. In NT the 8-bit versions generally do nothing but convert to 16-bit and call the "real" function. In recent versions (I think Win7 was the first to do this), AFAIK the 8-bit shims typically exist in another module, so if you don't use them they don't get loaded. In NT on ARM the 8-bit shims are not even there. > It doubles the space for things like storing identifiers for programming languages Which is why GetProcAddress() still takes an 8-bit string. Just because the kernel (and hence the syscall interface) uses 16-bit everywhere doesn't mean you can't use 8-bit strings in your own process, or that you can't selectively pick what makes sense for your use. (By the way, none of what I'm saying is a criticism of UTF-8. I think it's a very clever encoding.) So much hand-wavy text in there... There's no inherent, fundamental reason in the universe other than momentum that says you've got to use an 8-bit encoding. You could serve to be a bit more honest about how arbitrary that call really is and where it comes from. In fact many higher level languages even outside the MSFT ecosystem are happily using UTF-16 everywhere natively without problems, they just do a small conversion step at a syscall to run on your beloved Unix. AFAIK the JVM is working this way for example. This "imagine a world" game can just as easily go the other way: "imagine a world in which everything is UTF-16 ...". I think it's disingenuous to say that it matters one way or the other, that your favorite is better and all others, even if they are a 1-to-1 mapping with your favorite, constitute a "design flaw". Because information theory does not care; it is just a different encoding for the same damn thing. In truth it makes little difference as long as you are consistent, and you are whining simply because not everybody picked the same thing as your favorite. Your claim that UTF-16 is a "design flaw" has not been validated, just that you don't like encodings ever to change and UTF-16 isn't your favorite. It's very hard to consider that anything other than whining. I thought we software types are supposed to be big on abstractions and coming up with clever ways of managing complexity? It seems rather rigid to say you'll only ever deal with one text encoding. Lastly even in 2013 this is a total lie: > OSX and Linux default to using UTF-8 everywhere, If that's true then how come on virtually every Unix-like system I've set up for the last ~15 years one of the first things I've had to do is edit ~/.profile to futz around with LC_CTYPE or whatever to ask for UTF-8? I am pretty sure every Unix-like system I have set up gave me Latin1 by default, even quite recently. I think you are underestimating the extent to which UTF-8 is a crude hack designed to avoid rewriting ancient C programs that did very much the wrong approach to localization. There was a time before UTF-8 existed and became popular when it was a fairly common viewpoint that proper Unicode support involved making a clean break with the old char type. You are right to say that UTF-8 "won" in most places but the fact that the NT kernel or the JVM use 16-bit chars reflects that prior history. I think a more mature attitude would be to accept this, that it came from a time and a place and is a different way of working, rather than call it "wrong". NT development began before UTF-8 existed. Surely you're not suggesting that the authors should have used an encoding that did not yet exist? Very interesting, I guess it's just a function of not knowing much about that part of the world but I'd never heard of this problem before. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Han_unification Reading that article it's a wonder they didn't come up with a mode-switching character, similar to what the article says about ISO/IEC 2022 or (cringe) Unicode bi-di chars. Unicode is one of those things that naively sounds great and everyone talks about as solving every problem, but it ends up having lots of warts... > The idea that UTF-8 and UTF-16 are equivalent in practice is a complete fantasy, Except that most obscure of details that they represent the same characters. > Ubuntu, Debian, and Fedora all default to UTF-8, and have for several years now. You're going to have to name names, In the room where I'm sitting now I have Debian, OpenBSD and Arch systems. All of these defaulted to Latin-1 when I installed them, in the current decade. > I can write Java code without ever thinking about UTF-16 Patently false. A char in java is 16 bits. String.length() and String.charAt() use utf-16 units, meaning surrogate pairs are double-counted. > As for your ad hominem arguments about "attitude" and "maturity", I could do without them, thanks. I am sorry, sometimes I am blunt and overstated about these characterizations, but it really did seem like the shoe fits. You seem to have an impulsive defense of UTF-8 and an inability to see that there might be merits or tradeoffs in an alternative. Throughout all of this, I am not saying that UTF-8 is a bad encoding, I am just saying it's goofy to "attack" UTF-16 for being different. A legit complaint. Though I'll say, in early Unicode before UTF-8 existed, this was probably seen as less of a problem than using the older non-Unicode charsets, and probably rightly so. Also, if you keep a clean separation between serialization and in-memory representation, the BOM hack is not such a big deal. Serialize code can write a BOM, and de-serialize can do the char swapping and omit the BOM in RAM, then in-memory it's always host byte order and without BOM. Or you can just have the on-disk/over-the-wire format be UTF-8, which is common today on platforms where UTF-16 is used in RAM. (I'll repeat a point that seems to be lost on a lot of people in this thread, that Microsoft adopted 16-bit chars for NT before UTF-8 existed, so that was not an option.) Ah OK, reading again I see that I Unicode does provide a way to disambiguate with combining characters. > rejecting a standard C header file because it is "ugly" I just checked an OpenBSD machine's inttypes.h. Some of the format macros (I presume the ones present in the standard) are there. So I can't say they rejected the header. It would probably be weird to introduce one there that isn't in the standard. OTOH %lld for long long is in the standard. A few times I got flamed on this site for complaining that the average HNer can't have reasonable discussions about C. I think the comment that the OpenBSD team should just #include pretty well shows that I was right. :-) I like how one random person writes a lighthearted script and suddenly Barack Obama and Adria Richards are teaming up to turn us into Iran or communist China. It's a shame Hugo Chavez is dead because he would make an excellent addition to the team. There is a lot to criticize about WinRT, but basing it on COM was the right call. In fact I would say absolutely essential for high-performance apps. Make all the costs of .NET (GC, memory usage, JIT) optional. CLR can still call into COM objects without problems, so all the C# fans can still go nuts. It's hard not to see this as informed by how badly Longhorn failed. Microsoft tried to make .NET the basis of their OS platform during Longhorn and failed miserably, in part because it was simply not built for that. CLR belongs as a layer on top. [Disclaimer: I used to work at MS. Did not work on the Windows Runtime. These are my personal opinions.] Surely you would not confuse WinRT, the API, with Windows RT, the ARM tablet product. Why, these names are totally unambiguous! (Microsoft is not great at naming products.) If that's not what you're questioning then IMO don't phrase it as a .NET problem; it is broader than that. There is a pocket of the .NET community that talks as if they shafted .NET in favor of native code, but WinRT is probably more disruptive to the existing Win32/C workflow than it is for people writing C#. > The difference in user experience between the two is none. Then why use Mir? ducks My initial response to your comment was sharply negative. I guess I like some of the others here have a sharp reaction to PulseAudio. It seems like I've had this discussion a number of times: A: No sound is playing. B: Have you tried killing PulseAudio? A: Oh nice, it works. When I was setting up bluetooth audio recently, a lot of stuff on the web was steering towards Pulse. I held my nose and installed it and ran it. It was much harder to get any sound playing at all (I gave up, so I never did) than it was for me to just edit ~/.asoundrc to do exactly what I wanted. YMMV. So, with that pulse-influenced bitter reaction to the comment, I took a deep breath and read it again, and I think your suggestion to just use a conservative distro is actually spot-on. And I realize that this clash has been going on in the Linux community for a long time. The kind of users who want to mess with stuff under the hood resent the attitudes of the "plebes" who think that if it's not Ubuntu's default install, it's not Linux. When I first started using Linux, the target of that resentment was Red Hat rather than Ubuntu. People hated the Red Hat defaults, people hated the poor dependency tracking of RPMs at the time, people hated that it shipped with a GCC snapshot that couldn't even build the kernel. But I think a lot of the ire was really that people thought Red Hat is Linux and Linux is Red Hat. With that, my approach has just been to do my own thing and let the Ubuntu users worry about Ubuntu, otherwise just pretend it doesn't exist. There is a real concern though that some of these big changes that make a power user cringe will start to make its way into the more conservative distros, as popular distros tend to change people's mental picture of what "Linux" is, and software tends to be written to depend on stuff that's in the base install of a popular distro. Measurements or it didn't happen. I actually find it refreshing when people mock or criticize HN on HN. There is too much orthodoxy here, too much defensiveness when that orthodoxy is questioned, too much indirection where a plainly stated opinion would suffice, and a lot of people don't have a sense of humor about themselves. (Watch this get downvoted by people proving exactly my point.) I was an FTE at MSFT for a few years. I disagree with this assessment. In many contexts Microsoft has a culture of tearing apart other people's ideas, I suspect rooted in the legendary BillG rants ("stupidest idea I've ever heard", etc.) and the overly internally-competitive culture. Additionally, rank and file routinely complain about Microsoft being bad at marketing, Microsoft being bad at consumer messaging, Microsoft building products for the Redmond bubble and not for humans, etc. etc., and the internal dogfood aliases are full of this stuff as are hallway and lunchtime discussions in many places. Not to mention all those people carrying iPhones who used to joke that it was "competitive research". That's not to say that there aren't koolaid drinkers and that it won't ever be politically unwise to directly criticize your colleagues... But it's a diverse place, and, in my experience, cynicism exists in a big way there. Interesting quote from Ozzie: > "The PC-centric/server-centric model has accreted simply immense complexity," This is presented as an insight. There is so little context given here, so maybe I'm just missing something, but it sounds much more like bullshit to me. What exactly is less complex about "post-PC" or "post traditional server"? On the client, minding battery life and constantly dealing with connection loss is much more complex than an always-powered, always-connected PC. On the server front, managing VM instances is in many ways more complex than just running a single server, or a smaller set of them. People add these complexities because they give them something in return. But it is adding complexity, let us not deny it. I never followed Ozzie too deeply, but this style of throwing around programmer jargon to make an all-around "nothing" point seems to be his style. I still remember hearing him say something along the lines of "RSS is the Unix pipe of the web". I tried to give him the benefit of the doubt when I heard that, to stretch my mind somewhat to believe that is actually a thing... But let's face it, the analogy is nonsense. Not really buying it. First of all, you're just comparing desktop Windows with embedded versions of Linux and Mach/XNU. Secondly, the latter two systems are not exactly free of cruft and legacy either. > The original windows API is water trash. You know, I let it slide when the comment you replied to said it, but I disagree with this one. IMO most people who criticize Win32 just aren't familiar with it. I've heard plenty of people dismiss objc on similar grounds: simple unfamiliarity becomes "this is bad". Once you get over the initial learning curve it's quite easy to be productive with it. I was on the Windows team for a few years. I have seen the source code. There is cruft as there will be with any project of its age, but it's not nearly as bad as people say, especially if you can navigate it well. There are some good ideas underneath. COM is generally a good idea. The mental model of message pumps and window procs doesn't really have deep flaws, and lots of UI frameworks on other platforms have the same ideas under the hood. You mention ntdll, it's a shame more of that isn't public, because those APIs are often cleaner than their public equivalents. > when you wrote to disk, it was on disk. So, if the drives didn't lie about a flush that problem is solved. But if it's on disk at time t, that's no guarantee that you can read it back at time t+1. The drives can physically fail. These "days of old" are before my time, but I really doubt they had magic disks that never physically degraded. Right. I guess I was just trying to point out that most instances of an sqlite corruption are probably not going to be the drive lying about a flush, or an interrupted write. It's going to be a disk that gives you back different bits than you (successfully) put in. Regarding the mailing of fake IDs and other stuff, I heard so many media accounts of Silk Road in the last week or so, and I really didn't understand this part: why bother to go through the trouble of all that crypto and anonymizing if in the end you are going to use your real street address? I thought this part was the dumbest aspect of the whole arrangement, but then I heard about posting on Stack Overflow to get your bugs fixed, and "contact me at rossulbricht@gmail.com kthxbye", and I begin to think that "criminal mastermind" is not exactly an apt description of this guy. I find it hard to contain my laughter at this. > when you encrypt your address to the seller's public key, and send the encrypted address rather than the plaintext address, now all the FBI gets is an encrypted message they can't read. And how can I trust that the seller isn't an FBI agent? Still seems kind of risky. Even if they aren't an FBI agent, they're going to decrypt the address, and who knows what they'll do with it in plaintext? For one, they will write it on an envelope, leaving open the potential for exactly what happened with the fake IDs. If not these scenarios involving law enforcement, there's also the risk that the seller, who has my address, will extort me for cash or whatever. No way to avoid this, so we might as well just send everything via USPS to your front door? Sounds like a bit of a copout. It seems to me if you go out of your way to hide your identity you should, um, hide your identity. That would mean not trusting the post office just as you would not trust a sniffable network. Arrange a drop in a public place or some such. (Or do I see too many movies?) Kind of weird how he wrote his own string class, as well as rewriting some other perfectly good standard library stuff. His version of scoped_ptr seems to fake rvalue references without actually using rvalue references, but does so in a copy constructor. IMO this is a bit bonkers. If you're not going to use rvalue references I think move semantics is better done from a method, not a copy constructor. Still looks like a handy library for wrapping things that are otherwise not portable. Edit: I was mainly basing that comment from looking at juice_core... There's a crapton of other stuff too. Impressive for a one-person work. Qt and MFC are quite a bit older than 2001/2002. It makes sense to avoid std::string in the early or mid 90s. By 2001, though... Qt does it because the library predates common availability of std::string across multiple compilers. It's been a while since I looked but there is a lot of funky stuff in Qt that would look saner if they had the benefit of starting with a recent standard. I don't think it's wrong to say that reliance on street addresses and USPS is a weak link in the system. I'll repeat it, maybe phrased a little differently: PGP; Tor; Bitcoin. This is all really good stuff to cover your tracks. Writing a street address on an envelope, and sticking it in a mailbox? It sounds absurd compared to what you are doing to protect yourself on the digital side. And it seems that I am not the only one who sees something there, as according to media reports DPR himself was extorted over the question of revealing the street addresses of users. You're probably right that the average Joe doesn't have to worry. But for specific individuals like DPR, they should know that being involved in facilitating a large number of illegal transactions, there is much more likelihood that they specifically will be targeted by law enforcement. I would expect then that they would do more to guard access to their address. (Even if most people are OK, that doesn't mean it's not still a weakness. In the days before SSH became common, I used to log in over telnet all the time and never once to my knowledge got compromised. I suspect many had the same experience. Does that mean I was safe? Of course not.) So build unicode routines on top. Don't make me put all my data in a non-standard datatype where another type already exists and is more common. Users of C++ already have to deal with std::string and char * and possibly PWSTR if they are on Windows, why throw yet another type at them? This reminds me of a joke I used to tell, it starts with a problem that there are too many string types, and the solution, somehow, always ends up being another string type... The author is talking down and assumes too many people just learned C yesterday. An assignment of a variable called uid to 0 inside of an error check is waaaay too transparent. It's impressive that it made it into the cvs server with no history but the actual weakness relies heavily on nobody ever looking at the code. It would be spotted right away by anyone remotely competent who glanced over it. Going back to my earlier point, its success relies on people not seeing it. So I would think its ability to pass a code review would ultimately depend on how many other lines of code it has to hide amongst. If you are reviewing a huge diff and this is hiding somewhere, then OK, maybe I buy it, but it's pretty transparently wrong. Another test it fails: even if it were == as they are trying to make people think, why would this return EINVAL only if the user is root? There aren't a lot of real world examples where you would want that. It pops out right away as a bogus check that makes no sense, and surprise surprise, it also sets the uid to 0, my guess is in a place where it makes no sense to even look at uid, and very superficially hiding as a "rookie mistake"... I suspect you are taking my comment as a personal insult rather than reading it for the meaning I intended. The point I was trying to make is that the skill involved here was hiding the lines in a large source tree and hiding the history. The actual lines of code are unremarkable, absurdly incorrect when taken in isolation, and not where the clever part of this attack lies. The author of the article is stating it as something else. See also my reply to cbr where I make essentially your same point: the way to get this past a code review is make it part of a large diff. Any details on that posted somewhere? The wackiest thing about that is... if there are multiple pointers to an object (kind of the point of reference counting) and the reference count is part of the pointer... well... I don't really see that working well at all. OTOH I could see there being some optimization that means some callers might not need to modify the global reference count, only the one in their reference. OK that makes a lot more sense. Thanks. IANAL and I haven't read up on everything, but I thought it was just the long filename support that was patented. My understanding is that if you just support 8.3 names it's unencumbered. Edit with further detail: The thing that's unique about LFN are the rename and delete behaviors. Lots of filesystems support more than 8.3 or multiple names for files (hardlinks) but I don't think any of them have alternate names for files that "stick" when you move them into another dir, or that behave somewhat cleanly when a non-LFN-aware OS does so. > The inference is that today's news on gov't waste is also potentially a "myth". Kottke didn't say it, but I will: it sure sounds like a myth to me the way you are phrasing it. I haven't seen any news today on government waste. Is that the news articles you have going on in your own mind? Sorry, this type of comment is not very popular on HN, but I felt I had to bite here. Despite the effort of some politicians these days you can't just use unqualified "government waste" as a throwaway line, assume everybody knows what you're talking about despite citing nothing specific. And when folks do try to come to you with something specific, it's quite challenging to come up with things that are universally considered waste. It's kind of funny to see two reactions here: * Reaction A: code is ugly, what a bunch of jerks! * Reaction B strikes me a bit as hero worship. Since we already know the outcomes, already some consider them geniuses; we must conclude every decision they made was a good one, and there is no room for criticism. Perhaps neither are great, but I think reaction B especially is a little dangerous. One must acknowledge that there are more factors to your success than coding style, but that doesn't mean if you start neglecting it then it will also lead to your success. I thought that maybe the Romanians pronounced the letter J similar to its original use in Latin; that consonant made when the letter i brushes up against another vowel, as in iudex , like an English Y. But no, I look it up and they pronounce it as [ʒ], almost like we do in English. Therefore, I will make my corny joke: you don't want your software written in a place that sounds so similar to "kludge". :-) I think you have this thing backwards. Personally if I found something in a cab my first reaction would be "that sucks, I bet someone is really frustrated about this. I would hate that to happen to me." Your immediate reaction seems to be "how can I turn this into money without legal consequences?" Did you ever consider just doing nothing? Trying to return them? > Polarizing and derailing in this manner makes you sound like a complete jackass. And what does calling someone a jackass do? Why do their names have to be listed if they're just a mechanic or whatever? Why not strip the names unless they are in some kind of leadership role? As I said, I am not even saying remove the "Profession, Salary" fields. Just the names for most people. When someone digs through the data and sees the cook being paid that much, perhaps they start to ask their government some questions. Or come up with any other criteria for whose name gets released. Just don't make everybody's name visible by default because you're fearful of the nepotistic chef scenario... Maybe I've lost something in all the details, how is this list compiled? I was born in DC and grew up in the area, as such I know a lot of current federal employees who should be on a 2012 list. I grepped for a handful of names of folks I know personally and so far found only one. (For privacy reasons I will not share the names of non-matches here.) Update: Ok, I've found two now. Still many more non-matches than matches. Judging by some of the names that are missing I am guessing congressional staff is also absent? And similarly, CBO? Edit: Just after your quoted part it says: > does not cover the White House, Congress, the Postal Service, and independent agencies and commissions. I guess I should stop using my Debian machines where I did an install in previous decades (decades, plural) and copied the setup from hard drive to hard drive across several physical machine rebuilds. Up to now I had no idea that this never works smoothly. So? Actually I do keep around a few old binaries, and I have more often seen something else: software that no longer compiles with a modern compiler, but the binary I built in 2000 still works. And my point was that you shouldn't let one distro's failures set your expectations so low that this is acceptable and normal. Perhaps a fair observation for someone living in biblical times. (And with no knowledge of several technological upheavals that came before or after.) OTOH one can do what people tend to do with religious texts rightly or wrongly, look beyond its obvious falseness and charitably reinterpret this. Maybe this is even an expression of conservation of mass; that we are not creating newness, simply re-arranging matter. Or perhaps it says that despite technological change (possibly deemed surface-level change even if nontrivial), some essential part of life and society continues to resemble its former self. I will say this part is much more accurate: > No one remembers the former generations, and even those yet to come will not be remembered by those who follow them. I'm often bummed out by descriptions of famous and important people from 100+ years ago. Name after name of people you've never heard of, all deceased. It can be depressing to think of our present, or even our future, and the future of those that will come long after us, as appearing in the same light. I actually thought the questioner was a bit too verbose for the SO format. It read more like a blog post. Too much irrelevant setup. (Does it matter if he's using JS and HTML here? Or how big his tiles are in pixels?) It's an interesting problem and a good read though. The pictures demonstrate the problem and accepted solution well. Why have one that can run unsigned code and one that can't based on CPU architecture? Why have both a tablet UI and a desktop? Maybe the downvoters don't get the joke and they think you're insulting their website. :-) > one of them got a new laptop with 8GB of RAM, why? because she was complaining about webapps using too much memory and slowing down her previous system. I suspect a few people on HN will be reluctant to see their role in this arrangement. ducks It's not like it's constrained to the web either. I had a bit of an epiphany about the state of desktop Windows a few years ago when for a hobby project I wrote a UI using only Win32 and C and no external dependencies. Maybe it took longer to write than it should have but I was really shocked at how the thing ran so much faster and smoother than just about any UI I was using on that machine. It dawned on me that all those layers of MFC, WinForms, WPF, Silverlight, WinRT and whatever else they'll come up with in the name of developer productivity are no match for a set of APIs designed to run at 25MHz with 8MB of RAM. This was Windows 7, I am pretty sure with dwm disabled, and it was comparing (albeit informally) against every Windows app I used at the time. I know that some newer frameworks take advantage of GPU features (actually I used to work as a dev in the Windows org) but guess what, GDI is still faster. > Ancient philosophers argued that it's vastly less likely for there to be such a huge distance separating celestial bodies than whatever their pet theory of the day was. Is it me or is that a bit handwavy? The Greeks or whoever else got things awfully right and other things terribly wrong. We have the benefit of hindsight so we can point at the latter category. It doesn't negate the former. Seems like you could take any statement and say "oh yeah? well the ancients got stuff wrong!" > Windows installation is breeze, just pop-in the disk and it will install everything for you. Actually, in the majority of cases your OEM or your IT department does this. It's not uncommon to have missing drivers when doing a clean install from the stock image on the retail DVD. (Disclaimer: I have some history with this as I used to work in the team that created Windows Setup.) Depends a lot on your hardware. I've had the most problems with network drivers. With 7. I guess one thing Windows does well is pulling drivers from Windows Update. So if your network card is supported there is a good chance you'll get things working. Unfortunately not every network card you can throw at it will work out of the box. The video didn't seem all that strange to me. Only weird thing is the amount of stuff pedestrians carry. Otherwise it looks like plenty of "first-world" places I've been to. Edit: I'm not sure why the comment was deleted; I hope the author didn't feel discouraged by any reactions, including mine. I deleted my comment because I concluded it's obvious and contributes nothing to the conversation. But since you replied I will say: Yes it is backed by nothing. There is no central bank. It's funny that you draw comparisons to gold's lack of intrinsic value because the whole point of central banking is to move away from storing shiny objects in vaults, and in that regard Bitcoin is a regression. (Replace shiny objects with shiny prime numbers.) Is there a definition of ah-ha moment? Seems like what strikes one person as an "ah-ha" insight might be a baseline assumption of another person's thought process. I used to live in Seattle and heard people talk similarly about 3rd and Pike, and I didn't get it. Used to pass by there all the time to get to the post office on Union St. Never once felt unsafe. It is a lot like the other blocks in the area. Largely unremarkable. (Though I do recall hearing about a random shooting there once.) In contrast, I find it much easier to have an unpleasant experience on 6th St. in SF, a place where I've actually been physically threatened with violence. I moved to SF thinking it was pretty culturally similar to Seattle, but there was definitely a "getting used to more visible crime" adjustment period for me. Seattle's CBD is pretty much Disneyland by comparison. :-) This is made up. The design of NT was such that you could plug in "subsystems" such as Windows, POSIX, OS/2 etc. The Windows subsystem has had the most development, sure, but there is no "DOS" in the kernel. And how does that compare with Symbian sales before Elop? I have not looked at a comparison, but it would not surprise me if Windows Phone has not yet caught up. Don't get me wrong, I am not a Symbian fanboy and I think Nokia held onto it for too long, but the notion that "no one was buying Nokia phones" is not the whole story. It probably resonates with the average HN reader, who is relatively young, lives in the US and carries an iPhone or Android device. It probably also accurately represents where the Symbian market was going long term. But it's not the whole story. I don't think you understood my point. I was saying I would not be surprised if Symbian in 2011 was selling more units than Windows Phone in 2013. For example, just from press reports that I can find on Google, Nokia sold 20 million Symbian phones in Q4 2011, and 4.4 million Windows Phones in Q4 2012. Does anyone use the Debian default desktop? I always figure it to be a distro whose users prefer to customize. I personally tend to set it up with the netinst image, with no GUI, then install a WM and set up ~/.xsession manually.. > Do you ever buy anything at grocery store, drug store, restaurant that you put in your body? These are all inspected by governments. You can argue that this is imperfect, does not happen frequently enough, leaves something to be desired, won't catch everything, etc., but speaking personally, I do take those inspection scores seriously when I see them posted on the walls of places. Didn't he basically say that during the South Ossetia crisis in 2008? Granted he didn't actually say "soviet", but... Sorry, the comment you're replying to makes an actual argument. Your reply of "wow, you're a dick" does not. I find no objection that dead_phish should express this view if that's how he feels. It is a valid viewpoint even if it is not shared. I also commend him for expressing it in a community like HN which, let's be honest, does not tolerate dissenting views of Snowden. It's kind of sad that his dissenting view is downvoted and your name-calling is not. Nitpick: `cd` would not get command not found because it is a builtin, and must be so since an external program can't update the working directory of its parent process. The old school yahoo style categorization of links works. I was pretty surprised, I used google back then and didn't remember them having that... It's also the name of the internal Microsoft tool that collects crash dumps. Much less public of a name though. I think this seems a little too existential. What is more important, that you classified the right nouns and verbs in your Paws and Dogs, or that your code works? In my view OOP is all about sane interfaces between components. In your internal code however, you should feel free to let your implementation details and data structures drive the flow, and not con yourself into writing OO spaghetti, that type of code written by inexperienced types who "heard somewhere to use classes" and can only think in classes, and the abstraction serves to obfuscate rather than clarify. Interesting lists. I was initially confused about the first one. Then I realized that the author mentioned working on HR systems and it clicked. But for most of us who aren't building HR databases, I honestly think most professional programmers don't have to think about gender in their work nearly as much as this list suggests - the biggest thing I could come up with would be for localization, where some strings may need to be tweaked for the gender of people or inanimate objects. If you can compare case-insensitively then you (or the library you call into) must be aware of case and you face the exact same problems. It's a pretty good thought exercise to attempt writing your own Unicode-aware case insensitive string compare. A lot of people call into libraries for this stuff without realizing how complex the problem gets. I don't know how much I appreciate such "laws" that can so easily be used to construct a paradox. Headline: Is Betteridge's law of headlines correct? One day I was waiting to meet somebody and I ended up loitering by that GameStop for a good chunk of time on a weekend afternoon, as such I watched a lot of people window shopping or making occasional purchases. First thing that surprised me: they seemed to sell more used iOS devices than anything else. I don't know if it's always like this, but most people I observed in there did not look all that well-to-do. They seemed like mostly local kids (not kids of yuppies) who just hopped off muni and aspired to save up for months to buy a refurbished 3-generations-ago iPod touch. I saw a few kids of that description make purchases. Nobody all that ostentatious, or anything like all the "playground for the rich" stuff that people in SF rail against. It was actually refreshing to see kids excited about what most HNers would consider "unusable" tech. You might be surprised what kind of inconsistencies you'll find in individuals, even restricting yourself to native speakers. I was born and raised in the US and only recently realized that distinguishing "storey" (of a building) and "story" (a tale) is British usage; I had been writing it that way my whole life unaware that in my country we're supposed to only use the latter spelling. My father spent his first years in the UK and as a kid I picked up a few verbal things from him (most of them disappeared later on). I still think I'm more likely than most people I know to say things like "whilst" or "amongst". Anyone else bothered that he spelled "cacophony" wrong? "Cacophony" as in "bad sounds"? Going by the Greek roots this is roughly equivalent to writing "telephane". This is kind of bad to do in a kernel. It is up to you to map the pages of your own stack. Once you have higher level concepts like a process, it's fair for the kernel to look at that state from a privileged position and say "OK, I will allocate more stack pages as it faults, and kill the process if I fail or it goes too far". But for kernel mode code, that last part could lead you to a scary place. IMO it's better to just use a few pages for stack and not go crazy with recursive functions. When I was working on a hobby kernel, I'll confess I just took dlmalloc and called it a day. There are loads of interesting problems in kernel development (mapping pages, doing crazy stuff in page fault handlers, synchronization, filesystems) but somehow I didn't find malloc to be one of them. I guess anyone reasonably skilled at C can write a bad malloc pretty quickly, and once you get to that point you don't really learn that much by putting more effort into it. > Also code where you have to undo all of the work already done in the function up until that point, which can get a little tedious, i.e.:- Sorry pal, you're doing it wrong. At least, this is not the way I've done it and seen it done in large C code bases. You're supposed to have only one return statement, and one block that frees everything. For example if you initialize `foo`, `bar`, and `qux` to `NULL`. Then testing these pointers for `NULL` de facto tells you how far you got in the function, and which buffers need to be freed. Just before your one single return statement (can't emphasize this enough) you call `free` on all of them regardless of success or failure. It's much more composeable than what you described - allocations for `foo`, `bar`, `qux` can fail, the ones that will be not yet allocated at that point in time will be `NULL`, and `free(NULL)` is a harmless no-op. None of this business of "I've got to return now, let's see, how many of these buffers do I need to release at this point in time?", with varying amounts of the same free statement appearing redundantly. Write the cleanup block once when the pointers are about to fall out of scope, have it able to run in both success and failure cases and be done with it. Think of it as a more manual RAII if you like. As for what to replace those early `return`s with, the two common schools are `goto` into the cleanup block, or repeatedly checking some kind of failure status variable before performing new actions. > You can nest under if(thing!=NULL) but then you end up with indentation creep. I am not suggesting any nesting of anything. Repeatedly checking at the same indentation level. > You can use the goto pattern if you like but some folks will tell you that goto's are never, ever to be used. What matters more to you, getting stuff right or repeating adages that other people have said out of context? `goto` is probably the cleanest way to do it in plain C. > When it comes down to it the logic is basically identical and it's just down to code formatting. No actually, it is quite a bit more than style, doing it the way alexkus has it is much much much less maintainable when it's done all over a large code base. He's got `foo`, `bar`, `qux`. What if a year later some future maintainer totally unfamiliar with the code needs to add another one? Then it's up to that person to find all of the exit paths, make sure that `foo`, `bar`, `qux` and the new thing are freed in all cases. Doing that is a lot harder if the free statements are all over the place and repeated several times instead of in a single block. > This could be considered wasteful. It's true that there is an extra compare. I think it's a small cost for maintainable code. > Then they need to read what the function is doing and understand it before they mess with the code, just like in any other situation. Sounds great, however, the time they spent figuring out your haphazard, repetitive and confusing free() statements could be better spent somewhere else. When I said that my way is more "composeable" I meant that adding, removing, or re-ordering operations is a cheaper operation for the programmer. Follow this style and you'll spend less time trying to read and figure out code because it will fit the existing convention and will be bleedingly obvious where the buffers are released. I may have been a bit hyperbolic with calling this "correct" or "supposed" however I didn't make up these conventions, I advocate them because I have seen them work really well and I have seen yours create mounds of inflexible spaghetti. > Current laws, for example, include a tax that goes directly to the Javits Convention Center — a place scant numbers of New Yorkers have ever visited. > “Why are they entitled to a cut?” he asks. The hotels may pay the tax, but I believe the idea behind this sort of arrangement is that they would take this into account when pricing rooms. So effectively, out of towners pay the tax when they get a hotel room. Even if you ignore the other benefits the city and its businesses get from out of towners passing through, the question being asked here is: why does money paid by out of towners go into something that benefits out of towners? Of course I agree with others that this story is at least embellished, too much of this guy's history seems like goofy fantasy. (Paying homeless people to purchase iPad 2 for export, really?) So this question being asked probably reflects the author more than it does the interview subject. So you avoid a few null checks but you introduce the indentation problem you mentioned a few comments ago. I think we can agree this is better than the alexkus example but there are tradeoffs involved. (PS: I am bothered at how you cast the return value of malloc, this is C we're talking about right, not some other language with more plus signs? :-)) Hmm, as far as I can tell most of the pointer casts I see there are unnecessary. - ifr_name is cast to char pointer. It's already a char array. - A few memcpy() calls cast their arguments to void pointer. This is just silly. All pointer types implicitly convert to that. This anti-pattern can create bugs with some 64-bit compilers if you fail to declare a function prototype (implicit `int` from undeclared function, cast into `void pointer` = bad times). - The file ends in `.c`, but the return type of `malloc` is cast to different pointer types. This is a big "author has no idea what they're doing" red flag to me. In C you can implicitly convert void pointer to any other pointer type. It's not the same as C++. This also happens to let you fall into the "convert `int` to `void pointer` trap of the previous point. No actually, in my experience it is a red flag, and worse, it hides really nasty bugs like the conversion from int that I mentioned. To elaborate, I do find misuse of casts to be a reliable shibboleth to determine competence in C and C++. If a programmer writes lots of pointer casts that don't make sense, that's usually reliable a signal that the programmer doesn't really understand the warnings from their compiler and is just trying to shut up the warnings (real or perceived) rather than fix actual problems. This approximation has played out well in my experience. It's not meant to be judgmental, I too made the same mistakes when I was learning C. I remember in 2000 or so I made the "cast memcpy args to void pointer" mistake because the manpage said void pointer and I didn't know what that was yet. If nobody ever pointed that out to me, maybe I'd still be doing it today. This kind of "pedantry" you're accusing me of is how a lot of people get better. By the way, the most popular compilers most people use today (llvm, gcc, MSVC) don't do what you're describing when the file ends in .c which it does here. And just because a tool tells you to do it ... I'll let you fill in the rest. I get the impression from some of these responses that you folks would prefer: struct foo *bar = (struct foo*)malloc(sizeof(struct foo)); Over: struct foo *bar = malloc(sizeof(*bar)); I suppose the former is more clear by somebody's definition but I am going to continue to consider it somewhat ridiculous. I think the HN crowd honestly believes that the only reason the next browser hasn't been written in a GC language is momentum and time. That the next one will very obviously be written in Ruby or Python. I've seen discussions here to that effect. I find it hard to read HN discussions about C. One faction is totally amazed by the C equivalent of being able to tie their shoes. The other faction believes shoelaces are obsolete and everyone should wear velcro. This "my generation has missed out" thing is really odd... If you are honestly interested in it, go learn how it works! The commenter you're replying to should quit making excuses. Your advice sounds a bit pretentious to me. Here I was under the mistaken impression that people should be themselves. (Downvoters in three, two, one...) RokStdy, don't be discouraged. You've done nothing wrong. I hope that one day you can grow enough as a person to realize that authenticity is an important trait. I don't think I've very often heard "no, no you shouldn't" as a direct response to a claim that one should avoid being something you are not. Right, because what constitutes a "dumb joke" can be universally agreed upon. Is it wrong that I find your anti-joke stance somewhat humorous? I sometimes find it strange how much this community values orthodoxy. People work really hard to appear to be totally conventional HN readers. To share the same mannerisms, attitudes and opinions of the idealized HN user. I guess that this includes denying humor does not totally surprise me. It seems to be a caricature of itself. One reason I value humor in my own life is that it reminds everyone of the absurdity which we are all living. I can't escape that this makes an HN user wrapped up in a culture of orthodoxy a bit uncomfortable. Not just athletes. Astronauts too. Some years ago I had a discussion with a then-colleague who pointed out something interesting that stuck with me: the world has mostly settled on little endian. If you stay outside of certain niches you are unlikely to ever see a big endian CPU. Time was you might have to run on a SPARC or PowerPC or whatever. But x86 and little-endian ARM have pretty much won for most people. I don't think my friend was right that this means you can totally ignore the issues, but I have to admit he was right that from a strictly practical perspective it's not the huge deal it was in the 90s. I agree with you that you don't know how the future will break you, but my guess is the momentum of binary compatibility will keep it so for a while. This is usually my kind of instinct too, which is why I was attributing the other viewpoint to someone else. But it was interesting to understand where someone like that is coming from. You can spend a lot of time adding the right swaps etc. but in the end if you don't own hardware that works that way, aren't testing it regularly, from a certain perspective you may be wasting your time. OTOH I recall that insightful article from Rob Pike about how the "right" way to do it in a testable fashion is to not think in terms of swapping at all, and just do shifts that are portable regardless of architecture. http://commandcenter.blogspot.com/2012/04/byte-order-fallacy... (By the way, in your 68k -> PPC -> Intel -> ARM example, the endianness only changes once. This was actually part of my friend's original argument, that endianness changes are even more costly than the instruction set, and platform vendors would be unwise to change it. "Modern" CPUs support both endianness types, so those shipping ARM platforms are in effect consciously deciding to be the same as Intel.) I don't know Blaise or have any direct experience with him, however when I worked at Microsoft I used to enjoy his talks and demos at company events. That doesn't sound like much but that was pretty rare. At the same time my cynical side would figure that if he's half as competent as he seemed to be in these appearances, he's probably unhappy at Microsoft. There is a long history involved. You could have looked it up. OpenBSD split from NetBSD in the 90s. FreeBSD is separate from either one. IIRC FreeBSD and NetBSD both have some roots in a project called 386BSD, and before that, some releases from UC Berkeley. In practice, though, even today they tend to share a lot of new code. When one of them gets a good idea it's often ported to the others. My theory: cmder is more palpable to the HN crowd because it fits several hipster criteria: * The name, while not as cool as these examples -- cmdr, cmd.io, cmd.ly, cmdhub -- is much more hip than ConEmu. * Design snob approved website, complete with almost Apple marketing levels of condescension: you won't see those other projects talking about "amazing software" or how you can "carry it with you ... anywhere you go". In all seriousness though, if I hadn't seen cmder mentioned on HN I probably wouldn't have heard of the interesting stuff it is based on, so I give them some credit. (Though I looked at some source code, and cringed a little bit on how these things work: injecting foreign code into the existing cmd.exe process... Yikes.) I worked at Microsoft and I was unhappy with a lot of the issues people talk about. I knew a few people internally who talked about Google like they did a better job at company culture, at engineering, at management. Maybe I bought into that myth a little myself, too. What I've come to realize with some time away from MS and having talked to Googlers is that Microsoft and Google are essentially the same beast. From what I've heard all the worst complaints I had about MS culture also exist at Google. For now, Google has an edge because their peak coolness is more recent than Microsoft's. I'm reminded of stories from folks who worked at MS in '99 or something like that, when it was still very much a big company but much more pleasant to be at. Maybe Google in 2013 is like Microsoft in 2003. In this theory, the "great place to work" factor is still there, but past its peak, declining, and will decline further, to the point where they eventually get to where Microsoft is today on this trajectory. Personally I think that too many people at MS are obsessed with competing with Google, and making such comparisons, to the point that they are blinded to the idea that Google can be viewed as the old thing. What are the odds that the Linux kernel is faster than OS X for server workloads? I don't have any data to back this up but I've heard awful things about their filesystem in particular. (Supposedly they have a global filesystem lock.) Would you say the same about another field? Please, when you're teaching literature, don't make all of Shakespeare the same color. The students will think it's all a bunch of foreign gobbledegook. It will be harder to sort the nouns from the verbs and it will be total chaos. I think you underestimate people. OK, so let's consider a spectrum: * Text being unreadable due to its color. * Text (in this sense, literature) being unreadable because there are no bold, italics, underlining, indentation. * Text being unreadable due to no spaces at all. Would you at least agree that two of these sound a bit like whining in comparison to the third? Perhaps I'm biased due to my own color blindness, but to me a piece of code without color is pretty much the same, or perhaps even better than the alternative, as I've found the colors and bold can actually make things harder to read. (In particular I've often glossed over comments because some "helpful" text editor made them colorful and less legible.) I thought it was also a clear-cut analogy, though apparently not universal around these parts, that most prose usually tends to read just fine without that emphasis you speak of. Most of all I was bothered by this careless disparagement of anyone who would dream of seeing text in one color as "1960s" -- as if that means anything. I tried Arch this year for the first time and I really liked it, but also encountered really crappy fonts. Not sure what gives there. On my Debian machine the fonts seem on par with my Mac (to my non-font-snob eyes, which were at least able to notice Arch's badness). I'd say you don't have to abandon X to get decent fonts. I think the Arch defaults are just bad. Well I think the issue may have been that everything was set up to use the old-style XLFDs instead of routing everything through freetype. Not sure when you are referring to (it's been a while since I've done a clean install of debian myself, I just move my install from disk to disk as the years and hardware pass), but AFAIK font support in X has been pretty good for about 10 years, and by now most distros have the newer stuff enabled without a lot of fuss. Then again as I mentioned I am not a "font snob" - it's not very distinguishable to me, beyond the "old-style" (pre-freetype) stuff looking kind of bad; YMMV. I disagree that C++ is going nowhere. The last few years has had more interesting stuff than most of the language's history. First C++11 which added lots of interesting stuff. (Lambdas, move constructors, threads as part of the language spec, better smart pointers, and more.) Most of this was added in a very clever "C++ way" - for example lambdas that can be inlined as functors and can take advantage of copy constructors and RAII kind of blows my mind. Major compilers picked it up pretty quickly. Already people are talking about C++14. I will agree that its history makes it a sort of Byzantine language (I really prefer the simplicity of C for a lot of things), but there is a lot to be optimisitic about for C++ in the last few years. With the latest standards and best practices the language it ought to have been for a long time is finally getting out. I haven't been on here long enough to remember an HN of old, but I totally agree that on a lot of topics the depth is lacking here. Witness that TFA is all about how GC makes C# kind of suck, and that is the big thing they are trying to fix. Any commenters showing signs of grokking this? Nope, they are mostly talking about C# being awesome. I think a lot of folks here have a hard time thinking about a world without GC or that GC might ever be a bad thing. There's plenty of reasons to prefer C over C++, but I don't feel like this post is doing a good job of capturing them. I was much more amused by Linus's version: http://lwn.net/Articles/249460/ IMO the most confused part of this post is to dismiss templates as "stupid". I myself am rather "C-leaning" but I can acknowledge that some C++ features are well thought out. Templates enable a lot of the "good C++" in a number of ways. My favorite example: for things like callbacks and lambdas. In C you often find yourself using function pointers for this. With templates, you can make that a compile-time cost instead of a runtime cost. So your callback can get inlined right inside the caller. One practical result of this: things like std::sort are faster than libc's qsort. Similarly, he is right to say that exceptions can introduce memory leaks in C++... But the C++ advocate's position would be that the RAII pattern avoids this. And when you get into that habit, so long as you are consistent with it, I can't say the whole thing is too bad. It's rather elegant. Personally I think the problem is not C++ itself, rather that it asks a lot of developers to be able to navigate towards the "good C++" and avoid the costly anti-patterns. To make matters worse, people don't agree about what the "good C++" is. IMO this is all more of a social problem than a technical one. Which leads me into something similar to Linus's argument, to choose C to "keep the C++ programmers out" -- not that it's impossible to do C++ well, but that there's a large community of people who are "doing it wrong", even if you can agree what "right" is. Perhaps you are right that I am painting HN with too broad a brush. I do see some good points made scatteringly in this discussion, such as yours. On Rust, and also this project (I believe the following point is mentioned elsewhere in this thread as well): There's one thing I don't get about the whole thing. People who want a low-level language with lots of control have C and C++. People who want a high-level language with GC etc. have lots of options today as well. So, why Rust, and why this MS project? C and C++ have faults but the people who care about them are well aware; if nothing else they are a known quantity. People who don't care about any of this will just pick the higher-level stuff. I guess I'll have to try one of these languages out to form a better opinion. Not sure what the "technical drawbacks" are, unless doThisOneLinerWithoutCurlyBraces is a macro and the author didn't think to do the do { } while (0) trick. The Linux kernel coding style actually advocates this style: http://lxr.linux.no/linux+v3.12.6/Documentation/CodingStyle (line 157, "Do not unnecessarily use braces where a single statement will do.") I agree with what you're saying though. Making whitespace differences into a build break seems to miss the point a bit. Is that what the author thinks "clean code" means? Consistent whitespace and nothing more? Consistent whitespace is certainly a good idea but there's so much more to a sane code base than how many newlines follow a declaration or whatever. I definitely don't agree with everything in that style guide either, but I can respect it. I think what I like the most is that it's non-judgmental (or when it is judgmental it is clearly sarcasm). It has nice blurbs like "Please at least consider the points made here." - which is the right attitude for a style guide. The copy I had was 16 bit. So it's worth noting that it won't run in 64-bit Windows. (Did they have a 32-bit version? Or maybe a DOS port that would run in dosbox or freedos? I seem to recall it also ran on Mac System 7.) Introducing threads and multiple processes seems slightly crazy. Remember that ideally the most common case is no failure at all and you don't want to introduce cost for that. Why not just have the point of failure unwind the stack until it sees a component boundary? Without multiple address spaces certain types of failure would blow up the whole process but that's life. 32-bit Windows can run Win16 apps, i.e. those built for Windows 3.1. 64-bit Windows cannot. AFAIK this is rooted in a hardware limitation. Once you enter long mode, you lose vm86 mode. Rather than introduce software emulation to cover this case, Microsoft just said they wouldn't support it. What would the point be of intercepting shipments if the job is already done? Are you saying they are doing this work redundantly? Also we don't know what percentage of shipments are intercepted. If this is the primary means of attack it seems a bit shy of "you can rest assured" that your hardware in particular is affected. (Or at this rate perhaps we can wait for the next revelation to show us. :P) > the post pulls out some talking points about Mitt Romney and some conservative think tanks Political or not, this historical description happens to be accurate. Obamacare is ultimately intellectually rooted in the Heritage Foundation's attempt to come up with an alternative to more liberal proposals. It is also the same ideas that made Romney a name to watch nationally in political circles circa 2007. Reminds me of some native English speakers who say "an historic ..." Pretty common even in accents that won't drop the H. Seems like that word is an outlier though. Apple still insists on building their kernel atop Mach, and it doesn't seem to stop their momentum. (Even though it's kind of a strange choice.) I am not intimately familiar with the history of Mach, but what I do see is that in the late 80s and early 90s these two groups (NeXT and GNU) seeing Mach as the future (a position that makes no sense at a later time), and having vastly different outcomes. I don't know much about how these people work, but I always figured Mach at Apple is just about momentum and familiarity of contributors, rather than technology. NeXT hired Tevanian who worked on Mach at CMU, they spent roughly a decade hacking on Mach, then Apple did the same. I'd imagine they employ people who know Mach well and haven't seen it as worthwhile to replace it. I even remember they had this goofy project "MkLinux", which sought to put Linux in the position that BSD carries with XNU, on top of Mach... Just goofy stuff, unless you figure they had Mach hackers on staff. > XNU seems like a competitive edge over the monolith FreeBSD, as far as desktop and mobile OS is concerned. This seems a bit delusional. I don't think it's controversial to say that Apple's biggest differentiators exist at higher levels than kernel space. I'd go so far as to say that anyone who claims that Apple's success is rooted in XNU and that the same could not have been done with Linux or *BSD at the lowest layer and all other pieces being equal does not understand what a kernel is. Those other kernels have driver frameworks too. And if they find them inadequate for some reason, they are of course able to make modifications. But this is not a suggestion for them to scrap it, necessarily. As I said in some other comments on this thread, I think the real reason is that they had people that knew their existing kernel well, and don't see a need to replace it. Needs mach ports, meaning can't be simulated with Unix domain sockets or something else? I doubt it. I don't remember the last time I looked at glibc source so I am not sure if I can relate to this comment or not. However, I just wanted to throw in that I find the various *BSD projects, including their libcs, very readable. It helps that everything is in a single tree with some consistency in naming patterns etc, and the style is usually decent. I don't really get why this is a problem for a kernel programmer: > lack of any intrinsic support for concurrency An important part of an OS is that it implements support for concurrency - it builds processes and threads out of the raw materials such as page tables and timer interrupts. A kernel also builds its own spinlocks and higher-level waiting primitives. If you are relying on some high level language runtime to do the heavy lifting, is that really learning about how an operating system works? For a kernel I actually see a lack of language support for concurrency as a plus. You need something to sit below the higher level stuff. I think you are jumping to too many conclusions here, or maybe just not being precise about what "it" refers to. It may surprise you that it will still be possible to write poorly coupled code and create bugs with the WinRT APIs. When I acquire a mutex inside my callback, it deadlocks. Microsoft wrote the calling function and the mutex implementation! Stupid Microsoft! Never mind that my callback violated the caller's threading model and that mutices introduce deadlocks when used incorrectly... They should fix the bug! Edit: I guess what I was trying to say is that this part needs a huge "citation needed": > was almost certainly built ... according to Microsoft guidelines We don't know that at all. When you insert your code into another process, bugs in your code have the potential to destabilize that process. This discussion is extremely light on details but we cannot assume that the caller, rather than the callee, is at fault. If it's working correctly with another driver, I say, look at the suspicious driver, it's likely got a bug. The rule of thumb as I always heard it is that a window is "owned" by the thread that created it. You can send and post messages from a different thread, but do much else and you're asking for trouble. (And Send instead of Post is often problematic since it will block until the target thread processes it.) Draining the message queue from a thread that doesn't own it makes absolutely no sense to me ... Does that actually work? Wouldn't you see the messages on the original thread's pump too? I thought the way it worked is each thread with ui objects has a queue, and SendMessage et al. will insert into the owning thread's queue. It took me a while to parse what you are saying, did you pass the hwnd into GetMessage from the other thread and that somehow convinced it to peek at another thread's queue? Elsewhere on this thread there is the suggestion that this could have to do with improper use of message pumps... Message pumps as a concept has equivalents in pretty much every UI framework I've looked at. (Some examples: run loops in Cocoa, g_main_loop in glib/Gtk+) If you violate the run loop's threading requirements it's not totally inconceivable that a mouse event could affect behavior. I suggest it might be helpful to learn how the system works before you bash it. I actually like COM. Sure there are historical accidents like STA. But if you are free of that legacy and keep it simple there are some nice features: reference counting, QueryInterface, consistent error codes across components, abstraction away from linking, not having to worry about which allocator an object uses. (Though last one is only important on Windows since different DLLs can end up using different heaps.) I've done COM in straight C and it's not too bad. It's rather reminiscent of the Linux kernel's "operations" struct-pointers. (i.e. where `struct file` contains a `struct file_operations *` and the operations struct itself is full of function pointers - kind of like the C++ vtable concept) It's been possible to use a subset of C++ in kernel mode on Windows for longer than that. I have seen code that does it that predates Win8 by more than a decade. (Not that I consider it good or a good idea.) That reminds me of something I read once on Apple's website one day, that seemed to suggest Apple invented CUPS in 1997. They hired the developer and bought the rights in 2007, so it's fair to say it's theirs, but it was worded as if this was always so. In that case I look forward to the lisper UI toolkit, which stays responsive when application code stalls on a UI thread. I'll bet it goes well with the lisper dynamic linker, which I hear completely isolates me from bugs of code living in the same address space. Kidding aside, I can't help but think that you keep going back to that "clearly the mutex is broken" analogy I mentioned earlier. If I read you correctly, it doesn't matter if the Oracle code is breaking the rules set out by the MS documentation, Microsoft should account for all possible bugs past, present and future and prevent them. Seems like that's asking a lot. The other platforms I've worked with don't seem to satisfy this either. What bothers me more, though, is how preemptively dismissive you've been about Win32 while showing something of a lack of knowledge on how it works. I don't think Win32 is perfect. (Ask me about filesystem behaviors some time.) At the same time I have gotten to know it and can appreciate areas where it works well. I would also hope that before making the kinds of comments you are making about any platform, I'd get to know the framework a bit better first. > (there/their/they're will be the death of me!) I sure hope that isn't literal. I've heard of "grammar nazis" but that would be ridiculous. Stay safe! A few months ago I read the compilation of Feynman's letters that was published in 2005 that this is referring to (title: Perfectly reasonable deviations from the beaten track). I believe I even read it after someone mentioned it on HN. If you are interested in that personal side it's pretty interesting. A little raw at times but the content speaks for itself. I always thought phrases like "algebra 2" were signs of somebody who doesn't know very much. Is there some intrinsic "twoness" of it? Does it mean anything that you have supposedly spent a year of it already, and now it is the second year? Would not the topics of the second year vary from school to school? Similarly, "pre"-calculus. It came before calculus. Does that then include the ability to tie my shoes? I learned it before calculus. When I took math classes in college it all made more sense. OK, you have course sequences, where you look at one thing one semester, another thing the next. But that was always a recommendation; you could take them out of their numbered order. And usually the title of the class was a topic, not just a number. I suspect the downvoters need to have more of a sense of humor. For a guy who is trying to celebrate and identify with (possibly attach himself to) "the masses" for their nonstandard grammar, this guy sure comes off as pretentious. I don't think this is really about those topics. The author would just like everyone to know how smart he is for considering it. Perhaps some do have such a reaction. I don't think this is the case for me specifically. He genuinely comes off as pretentious to me, and as someone who is very deeply interested in language I find the content intellectually vacuous. He hasn't really said anything, just made a few references. Aside from this kind of trick, I have not worked with a ton of ARM assembly but what I find is very frequently compilers will just put values in the text section close to where they are used and refer to them with some PC-relative thing, rather than using immediate values as often as they might on x86. I have seen this on other RISC platforms as well.